###Chapter 1 - The New Bride Candidate
Author's notes: 
Please check the Aux chapter "Introduction" before starting this story. 
Check the comments for photos of characters, and join my discord for more (the link is in the Aux chapter)! 
Thank you for reading! 
- - - 
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~ 
Damon entered his study and looked grumpily at the stack of documents that are waiting for him to sign. 
Why is the Alpha of the largest pack in North America forced to do this office work? 
As a child, when he imagined his future, Damon saw himself as a mighty warrior, standing victoriously on the pile of his enemies while his allies and pack members worshiped him. This wood-paneled office and leather furniture are a far cry from it. It's suffocating. 
Damon plopped on his chair and glared at the documents, wishing that he can make them disappear (completed preferably). Of course, it didn't work. 
He pushed documents on the side and decided to check his email first. 
Damon's expression darkened when he saw an email from Elder Parker with subject: "Consider Marcy Redmayne as your Luna". 
Another Elder is persistent in getting Damon together with a woman, all wrapped in a story of how an Alpha needs his Luna in order for the pack to prosper, but Damon and his pack are doing just fine. 
Damon deleted the email, without reading it, just how he did with the previous twenty that had the same subject. 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose as familiar anger swelled inside him. He is irritated that these people are trying to manipulate him. Why don't they give up? He is no one's puppet! 
Last night, Elder Parker called and tried convincing Damon to see this woman, the perfect Luna, how he described her. Damon congratulated himself for managing to stay cool and not explode in rage, but he was not unaffected. 
After that call, Damon took the car and drove to a bar about forty minutes away and he found two fine she-wolves to keep him company and help him release steam. 
That's why all these documents are waiting for him. He was supposed to deal with this work last night. 
'Right. Documents…', Damon grumbled internally and resigned himself to his fate wile reaching for the folder that was at the top of the stack. 
In the bedroom on the second floor of the packhouse… 
"Do you need to leave?", Maya asked Caden in a whiny voice while moving the comforter to expose her left leg, tempting him to stay longer. 
Maya knew that Caden was late for work and even though this was their third year of living together, every morning was a struggle to separate. 
While looking at Maya's seductive smile, Caden clearly felt her desire for him, just how she felt his. 
Mates. 
Caden's wolf was clawing at him to pounce on the woman both of them adore and make her scream in ecstasy, but Caden reminded himself that there are things he needs to do. 
Caden groaned in frustration while buttoning up his jeans. 
Leaving Maya is always difficult, but the sight of her delicious skin is upgrading the difficulty level to: mission impossible. 
"I must go, baby. Your man is a Beta. Duty calls.", Caden said in a husky voice that made her smile foolishly. 
Caden leaned over Maya and gave her a long lingering kiss. 
He breathed heavily while inching away, and Maya bit her lower lip temptingly in her last-ditch effort to keep him for another round of carnal pleasures but Caden grabbed his t-shirt and pulled it over his head. 
He winked playfully before leaving the room with, "Keep those thoughts for tonight, sugarplum. I promise to make it up to you." 
"I'm counting on it!", Maya shouted after him. 
Caden didn't tell Maya that the 'duty' which called him is another marriage request for the Alpha of their pack. 
This time, the prospective bride is Marcy Redmayne, the daughter of the Alpha of the Red Moon pack. 
Telling a man that a woman is interested in marriage might seem like a small thing, but to Caden, this is more stressful than facing an attack from rogues where they are heavily outnumbered. 
First, a little background. 
Werewolves are able to sense their mate after their eighteenth birthday, and within the next few years, most of them are mated. 
Of course, there are exceptions, and one of them is Alpha Damon, a twenty-seven years-old Adonis with a full head of raven black hair and blue enigmatic eyes to match his unpredictable personality. 
Even straight guys think that Damon is hot. 
Damon's relationship status: not mated, not married, not taken, and not interested in anything beyond pleasures of the flesh. 
One might think how that's the description of a despicable guy everyone would avoid, yet the she-wolves are crazy about him, each thinking that she is THE one to thaw his icy heart and claim the position of the Luna in the Dark Howlers pack, the largest pack in North America. 
Caden knows that Damon is not an asshole. After all, they grew up together. 
They trained together, studied, and competed in everything. When Damon became an Alpha, Caden supported him unconditionally, and they became the youngest Alpha-Beta pair among all the packs in the history of werewolves. Badass. 
Damon took over the Dark Howlers pack at the age of seventeen, after his parents died in an ambush set up by rogues. At that time, the Dark Howlers pack was not the largest pack in North America, but its influence was not to be underestimated. 
Then seventeen years old Damon was the best warrior in their generation and great in academics, but he found himself unprepared for the role of a leader that a big pack needed. On top of it all, a number of Alphas and Elders started pressuring Damon into handing over his power and territory. 
Caden stood by Damon's side and helped him to the best of his abilities and to everyone's surprise, instead of succumbing under pressure and allowing the pack to crumble, Damon showed skill, determination, and strategy that didn't only maintain the Dark Howler's pack power, but he strengthened and expanded it. 
In the last ten years, Damon experienced numerous schemes that had the goal to use him. People approached him as friends, enemies, allies, and anything in-between, with an agenda to swindle him. Some were more successful than others. 
Those bitter experiences formed the man he is today: righteous, strong-willed, unyielding, controlling, unforgiving, and completely focused on the prosperity of the Dark Howlers pack. 
Saying that Damon is the most eligible bachelor is an understatement. Women are throwing themselves at him and screaming that they want to have his babies. 
Damon never allowed any she-wolf to label herself as his girlfriend, and wife (aka Luna) was out of the question, but that didn't discourage ambitious wolves with some standing from trying to matchmake Damon with their daughters, sisters, aunts, cousins, or any other she-wolf that is of marriageable age. 
One Alpha from the pack in the South of Canada even sneaked his wife in Damon's bed. 
Unfortunately for them, Damon is not moved by an endless stream of potential brides coming his way. Actually, with every next woman who is throwing herself at him, Damon is erecting more walls that make him emotionally unavailable. 
Damon has nothing against bedding a woman, but giving her a title because of their relationship is a different thing. 
Damon is disgusted by people who latch onto him for power, and that is exactly where these brides are classified. 
Alas, Caden is about to pressure Damon to meet another of those leeches. Caden hates it, but as a Beta, it's part of his work because Damon is avoiding (or refusing) Elder Parker, and things are getting heated. 
Caden reached the study and knocked twice before opening the door. 
"Why did you shut down the mind link?", Caden asked Damon who was behind the large executive desk that had several stacks of documents on it. 
He is a hard-working Alpha, no one can deny that. 
"Good morning to you too…", Damon said dryly before responding, "I didn't. I only shut YOU out." 
Caden clicked his tongue irritably. 
No one in the pack dares to act so freely in front of Damon, but Caden and Damon are childhood friends. 
Of course, Caden will never show anything other than respect when others are present because Damon deserves respect, even though sometimes Caden wants to start a brawl. 
Damon's lips lifted into a mocking grin. "Did your duties got in the way of your time with Maya?" 
"Why ask if you know?" Caden was irritated that Damon was not looking at him. "I take my role as Beta seriously and I don't skim on work, but there are things that could be avoided if you stop pushing unnecessary burden my way. Every minute of my existence is for Maya. Once you find your mate, you will understand." 
Damon raised his gaze from the document he was holding, and he frowned at Caden. "I don't need a woman in my life to obstruct me. A girlfriend is a nuisance, a wife would be a problem, and a mate would be a disaster." 
Caden rolled his eyes. 'Damon is such a drama queen.' 
There are many she-wolves eyeing to be Luna of the Dark Howlers pack and despite Damon's killer looks, those women don't care who the Alpha is, as long as they can climb that coveted position. Because of this, Caden understands Damon's aversion toward officially accepting a woman as his partner. 
However, a werewolf can't pick his mate. 
Old Shamans tell stories of how the Moon Goddess creates werewolves and navigates their destiny so that every experience until one meets his mate is molding him into the perfect soulmate. When mates meet, they recognize each other, and the bond is formed immediately as they are halves of a wonderful whole. 
But for a stubborn unmated male like Damon, talking about that divine bond is like throwing pearls in front of a swine. 
Caden waved at Damon, indicating him to drop the topic. "Enough with useless talk. I'm here for important business." 
"If the important business is about the repeated emails that Elder Parker sent, that's the reason why I shut you down.", Damon said casually, like he was discussing the weather. 
Caden felt rage and dejection swelling inside him. Damon did it on purpose! Somehow, Caden was not surprised by it. 
"We are the biggest pack, and you can win against anyone in a one-on-one fight, but their influence is undeniable. If they unite to pressure us, we won't be able to resist. You can't avoid Elders, Damon." 
"Watch me.", Damon spat. 
---
###Chapter 2 - The New Bride Candidate (cont.)
Caden rubbed his forehead forcefully while looking at the stubborn Alpha in front of him. 
He knew that Damon will resist, but this time he seems to be more determined than ever. 
The truth is that Caden handled numerous emails from Elders who are trying to matchmake Damon with his next bride. 
Elder Parker is unusually persistent in demanding that Damon meets Marcy (aka the bride candidate) in person. 
As much as one Elder doesn't pose much of a threat, Damon already offended quite a bit of them. If not for Elders' public image of benevolent leaders, Caden is confident that Elders would blacklist Damon and smear his reputation while pulling the strings for other packs to unite in a war against the Dark Howlers pack. 
Both Damon and Caden hate dealing with Elders who are a bunch of arrogant ex-Alphas, eager to prove that they still have the power. The whole council of Elders is a big mass of testosterone and over-inflated egos, ready to implode at the slightest provocation, and the scariest thing is that they have connections and the power to sway people. 
The Dark Howlers are the biggest pack and they have capable warriors, but if several packs join forces, they would be at a disadvantage. 
"It's more than three months since you met your last bride. They are impatient.", Caden continued persuading Damon. "The rumor is that if Elder Parker is successful and Marcy becomes your Luna, he will gain enough support to be the next head of the Council. Will you allow him to climb over your back? Why don't you show that you are no one's pawn?" 
"That's what I'm doing by ignoring him.", Damon responded. 
"They are taking your silence as a sign of fear. You need to step into the light and take charge." 
"Are you trying to manipulate me?", Damon asked in a dangerously low voice. 
"No.", Caden lied with a straight face. "As your Beta, I'm reminding you of the facts. Why don't you handle this girl and shut them up? Or would you rather avoid that slight inconvenience of bedding a woman and risk causing trouble for the pack?" 
Damon cocked his eyebrow and pursed his lips. "You are saying that I put that snobby woman in her place?" 
Snobby? Caden was not sure about Marcy's character, but if she is willing to accept an arranged marriage to a man she never met, she is probably not the best example of a she-wolf who is fit to be Luna. 
Luna needs to fight for what she believes is right, and not allow others to use her. How can Marcy be a good Luna and take care of the pack if she can't take care of herself? No matter what her background is, a real Luna would approach Damon personally and not use connections to win him over. 
In this case, it's obvious that Marcy's father and Elder Parker are pulling the strings. 
If the marriage with Marcy goes through, Marcy's father (aka Alpha Edward) will also gain benefits even if Damon ignores him because it will be undeniable that they are connected via marriage, and that will improve Alpha Edward's standing. In addition to that, Alpha Edward probably made a deal with Elder Parker who recommended Marcy as the perfect Luna for the Dark Howlers pack. 
It's a whole web of leeches, waiting for Damon to take the bait and Damon is perfectly aware of that. 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
Damon did this many times before. He would visit the prospective bride, explore her thoroughly and then announce that a cheap slut can't be his Luna. 
Other than insulting that woman, her father (aka the ambitious person), and their pack, that's also a setback for the Elder who was matchmaking Damon in that specific case. 
No matter how much Damon offended any of them, they can't publicly admonish Damon because (officially) he came to meet his future bride and he found her lacking. 
Caden saw that Damon is considering it, and he thought to give him a push in the right direction. 
"She is not just any woman. Did you see the photo? Tall, blonde, a looker, and she has quite the assets…", Caden cupped his palms in front of his chest, gesturing that Marcy has bountiful breasts. 
Damon pressed his lips into a line and typed on his keyboard. His eyes skimmed over the content, and he frowned. 
'What do you think?', Damon mentally asked his wolf. 
'She looks like trouble.', his wolf responded. 
Damon groaned in frustration. 'If I go, it's trouble. If I ignore this summon, it's trouble. Which trouble should I pick?' 
'Stop acting like it's the first time. Why are you asking me when you know the answer?' 
'Because you are my voice of reason.', Damon responded. 
'Good that you know. But in this case, you figured it out without me. I'm aware that you don't like dancing with snakes, but as a good Alpha, you should avoid direct confrontation when possible and use a softer approach. This bride-business aside, you might find out something useful while staying in their packhouse. They won't dare act against you if you announce your location. Now let me sleep and don't bother me unless it's an emergency…' 
Damon felt his wolf slipping away as he retracted at the back of his mind. 
Damon is unique. Other werewolves can sense their wolf and exchange emotions. They can feel when their wolf is restless, angry, or happy, while Damon can actually hold a conversation. No one knows about this, other than Damon and his wolf. 
Damon's wolf is one of the key contributors to Damon becoming and staying the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack when he was only seventeen years old. 
His wolf is not very chatty, but he gives the right advice whenever Damon needs it, and Damon is aware that his wolf holds the wisdom of many lifetimes. 
Damon sensed his wolf, just like any other werewolf when he was in his early teens. And on the night when his parents perished, his wolf spoke to him for the first time. 
'Sorry, kid…', his wolf said and Damon jolted out of his bed in the middle of the night. 
"What the…?", Damon mumbled while looking around in search of the source of that sound. 
'I'm in your head. Your father asked me to take care of you.' 
Damon was totally confused. "What? How? Who are you?" 
'I'm something that your kind calls the wisdom of the Alpha, and I can manifest myself through your wolf. I served your grandfather, your father, and now I serve you.' 
"Why did you stop serving my father?" 
'I'm sorry, kid… he and your mother are gone…' 
This was a huge emotional shock for Damon that forced him to step into adulthood abruptly. 
Since then, Damon relies on his wolf to keep him in check. 
Not every Alpha can talk to his wolf, and his wolf didn't have answers if he is the only one, but he advised Damon to keep this a secret. 
Back to the present… 
"It says that she is untouched.", Damon said while gesturing toward the screen of his computer. "You know I like them experienced. And as much as she is fine-looking, it's not worth a full day traveling. I can have a dozen of such women within half an hour drive or without moving from this chair." 
Caden forced a smile while trying to conceal his irritation. 
In Damon's words: virgins need to be courted with flowers and chocolates and sweet words, and after he is done with them, they become clingy. 
Damon doesn't have the time to waste on such nonsense. Intimacy for him doesn't go beyond pleasures of the flesh. That's as far as any woman reached him. 
"What's the worst that can happen?", Caden continued persuading Damon. "You get to taste a new piece of meat, and when your fun is over, you announce that she is not good enough to be your Luna. Marcy may be untouched on paper, but my sources say that's not completely true. I will watch your back, while Maya will collect dirt on the girl so you can create a believable story. We know the drill. We get in and out and are back in three-to-four days, max, and we get to shut down Elders for another couple of months." 
Damon's jaw twitched as he grit his teeth. 
"Fine. We leave in…", Damon paused and glanced at the calendar. "Five days." 
Caden released the breath he was holding. "I will get everything in order." 
Caden left the study feeling victorious. Maya loves traveling and when they accompany Damon on his visit to the bride, Maya and Caden roleplay as spies on a secret mission that ends up with a steamy session between the sheets. Just thinking about it makes him excited. 
---
###Chapter 3 - Marcy Redmayne
Author's note: see Marcy's photo in the comments section 
--- 
~ Paris, France ~ 
Marcy Redmayne is the princess of the Red Moon pack, the second largest pack in North America. 
Her father is Alpha Edward, and her mother is Luna Layla. 
Since her younger brother is set to become the next Alpha of the Red Moon pack, Marcy got an opportunity to explore the world. 
She spent the last ten years in Europe, starting with the United Kingdom, and after two years in Poland, this was Marcy's third year in France. 
Other than immersing herself in different cultures, Marcy is learning languages and attending schools. 
Marcy finished college three months ago, and since her parents didn't say anything at that time, Marcy assumed that she could stay in Europe, so she rented an apartment and that was a big deal because until then Marcy stayed in boarding schools. This small one-bedroom apartment gave her a sense of independence and she even started working part-time. 
In the last ten years, Marcy didn't visit home. She video chats with her mother once per week and they exchange emails. 
Marcy is about halfway through her course on making macaroons, and she plans to go to Spain in a few months as her next adventure. This would be relevant if her parents didn't call her unexpectedly to return home. 
It was around midnight when Marcy drowsily picked up the call. 
"I booked you a flight tomorrow morning.", Marcy's mother, Luna Layla said. 
Marcy's drowsiness was dispelled by this news. "Did anything happen? Is everyone OK?" 
"Everyone is fine, but we want you home as soon as possible. Is there a reason for you to delay? Your flight is at 6 AM. The e-ticket is in your inbox." 
Marcy blinked while looking at the dates on the ticket, and then at the time. "Mother, you forgot the time difference. That's only six hours from now." 
"Well, I guess you hurry packing." 
Marcy was dejected while thinking about what to put in her suitcase. 
She was planning to meet with her friends in the morning for breakfast, and instead of that, she needs to pack and leave. 
Her mother didn't even say how long she needs to stay home. It's not permanent, right? What if it is, and she can't come back? 
Some of her favorite clothes were in the laundry, and with the rush, she didn't have time to say goodbye to her friends. What about her part-time job in the café? 
Her lease on the apartment was valid for another three months, so Marcy decided to pack only some necessities, confident that she will return in the next three months. 
Her parents were always domineering, just like any other Alpha and Luna, but this was extreme. What's with the urgency? 
What Marcy didn't know was that as she was approaching graduation, her parents started discussing with Elder Parker how they can use Marcy in order to increase their power. After all, with her college degree, Marcy is more educated than most of the werewolves who don't go beyond high school, and she is speaking multiple languages. 
It was time for Marcy to contribute to the family and to her pack. 
Alpha Edward was confident that his daughter will be obedient. She is raised for greatness, and there was nothing wrong with their plans; they are beneficial for Marcy as well. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
~ The Red Moon pack ~ 
Marcy returned home to a modest welcome from her family. 
Alpha Edward, Luna Layla, and her younger brother James were sitting in the luxuriously decorated living room, waiting for Marcy's arrival. 
There were pastries and a pitcher with lemonade on the table for refreshments. 
'Do I need to do this?' 
Marcy jolted when her brother's voice sounded in her head. After ten years away from the pack, she forgot about the mind link and quickly closed her mind so that others can't hear her thoughts. 
Luna Layla turned stiffly toward her son. "At least greet your sister." 
"Welcome home.", James said with a forced smile. "Sorry, but my next class starts in two minutes, and if I'm late, I get extra work. We will catch up later." James waved at Marcy and left the room in hurried steps. 
James was only five years old when Marcy left, and they are practically strangers. James is now a fifteen years-old boy who is working hard in order to become the next Alpha of the Red Moon pack. Between lessons and training, James doesn't have much free time. 
Alpha Edward gave Marcy a tight hug and he held her shoulders while observing her flawless face with an approving smile. 
He touched her blonde silky hair while saying, "You are a beauty, Marcy. I'm proud to be your father." 
Marcy felt her cheeks burning. It's not common for her to hear praises from Alpha Edward. "Thank you, father." 
"Did you meet your mate?" 
Marcy was surprised by this question. "Uhm… no." 
"Good. Good." Alpha Edward's smile widened. "I have things to do, so I will leave you to your mother." 
Luna Layla had the schedule ready. "Darling, you must be hungry. Are you jet lagging? We didn't want to overwhelm you today. There will be a bigger welcome party tomorrow evening. For today, I scheduled us a full spa treatment and in the afternoon a few of my friends will come for tea. They know you as a little girl with freckles. I'm sure they will be surprised to see you…" 
Marcy raised her hand, to stop her mother's chatter. "I could eat. Can you send the food to my room?" 
Luna Layla confirmed. "Shower, and the food will wait for you. You have one hour until we leave for the spa. No matter how tired you are from the trip, the massage will relax you and we can eat there as well." 
Marcy responded with a tight smile and went to her old room. 
Everything was how she left it in the room that was dominated by pastel pink and purple colors. A queen size poster bed with a side cabinet, on the right was a desk with a chair, and two doors lead to bathroom and walk-in closet respectively. 
A wall shelf next to her bed still had plushies that she collected as a child. Teddy bears mostly. 
It all brought back memories, but Marcy didn't have many warm and fuzzy feelings about them. 
She was confused by the abrupt summon which came with urgency and now that her family welcomed her like this was planned for some time, Marcy felt uneasy. 
Just as Luna Layla said, by the time Marcy got out of the bathroom, food was waiting for her on the bedside table. A sandwich, an apple, and a cup of tea. 
Marcy plopped on the bed and chewed a sandwich absentmindedly while thinking about her current situation. 
She left behind friends, an apartment with her private belongings, and a part-time job in a small café. She had a life there and she didn't plan to return to the Red Moon pack for more than a visit. 
There is nothing wrong with the Red Moon pack. It's the second-largest pack in North America, and as the oldest child (and the only daughter) of Alpha and Luna, Marcy is the princess with access to all the luxuries she can imagine. 
The packhouse is massive, and Marcy has her own suite on the third floor, everyone is sucking up to her, but this doesn't compare to the vibrance of Europe. 
What Marcy has in Europe and not here is… freedom. 
In Europe, she could go when and where she wanted, with whom she wanted, and here she needs to follow a protocol as the princess of the Red Moon pack. For Marcy, this opulent packhouse is no more than a golden cage. 
Marcy took a deep breath and told herself not to freak out. It's a culture shock and she will get used to it. After all, considering all the money she has, Marcy can travel to Europe anytime, right? 
Marcy consoled herself with one big positive. While on the territory of the Red Moon pack, she can shift into her wolf form anytime without worrying that someone will see her and call hunters or the zoo. 
Marcy was spacing out with a half-eaten sandwich in her hand when someone knocked on the door. 
"Come in…", Marcy called while wondering if her one hour passed already. 
"Hello…", a polished brunette said when her head peeked into Marcy's room. 
Marcy thought that she looks familiar, but she couldn't put a name and a face together. 
The brunette smiled helplessly. "It seems you forgot about me. I'm Nora, my father is Beta Raymond. Luna Layla told me to see if you need anything. I will join you for the spa outing." 
When Marcy heard that Nora is Beta's daughter, she remembered a small girl with pigtails and freckles on her nose. 
Nora grew into a tall brunette with a slender figure and curves in all the right places. 
Marcy understood that she was looking at her new best friend. 
This was another thing Marcy left behind in Europe, the freedom to pick her friends. 
Marcy decided to focus on the positives. At least Nora is her age and not her mother's tea companion. 
--- 
Author's note: See Marcy's photo in the comments 
---
###Chapter 4 - The Welcome Party
Marcy mused that she and Nora should have at least something in common. If nothing else, based on Nora's shiny hair and flawless skin, the two of them can talk about hair and makeup, and Nora's outfit was branded as well. 
"I don't need anything.", Marcy said. "But you are welcome to come in if you have nothing else to do. We can chat." 
"Sure!", Nora said cheerfully and entered the room. 
Marcy took a bite of her sandwich and eyed Nora. 
"Do you know why my parents called me to return suddenly?" 
This was the question that was eating Marcy from the inside since she received her mother's call. Marcy didn't ask her parents for an explanation because she knew that if they wanted her to know, they would tell her. It was always like that. 
Nora stared at Marcy with her mouth half-open, obviously caught off guard by this question. "You should ask Alpha Edward and Luna Layla." 
Before Marcy could ask anything else, Nora switched the topic. "Tomorrow is your welcome party. The invitation was sent to almost all pack members from eighteen to thirty years old. Your parents think highly of you to have such a big crowd. It's to announce to everyone that you are back and for you to make friends. We all know you because you are the Alpha's daughter, and you probably forgot about us. There will be more than two hundred people…" 
Marcy was grateful for her parents, but everything seemed forced, and it reminded her of how things used to be before she left for Europe. 
Marcy's childhood was filled with a strict schedule of lessons, training, and planned outings with a selected group of people. 
After ten years away from home, Marcy forgot about the environment she endured as a child. At that time, she thought it's normal and she accepted it, but after experiencing freedom, now it was all coming back in painful fragments which suffocated her. 
… 
The next day… 
Marcy's welcome party started at six in the afternoon. 
Nora and Marcy got dressed and helped each other with hair and makeup. 
The two of them were fashionably late, coming out at six-twenty and they exchanged approving smiles when they saw that their impeccable styles put them above the others, just how Alpha's and Beta's daughters should be. 
Marcy observed the massive room on the first floor that opens up to the garden via two glass French doors. She remembered that this is where guests would gather for birthdays when she was a child. 
Nora was sticking close to Marcy and making sure to introduce everyone who came close to them. 
Marcy felt like royalty, and not in a good way. She was standing and shaking hands with a fake smile on her face. After the twentieth person (or so), Marcy stopped trying to remember their names. 
ively, the party was well organized. The music was upbeat, and the dance area was packed, the food was tasty and plentiful, and there was a wide selection of beverages. The mood was good, people were friendly, and they all tried to leave a good impression on Marcy. 
Marcy thought how after initial formalities are over, she might be able to relax and enjoy. 
It was shortly after eight o'clock when her wolf stirred as the most seductive scent of sweet clover invaded her senses. 
'Mate…', her wolf spoke inside Marcy's mind, and her insides trembled. 
The wolves don't speak unless it's to notify their human half that the mate is nearby. She dreamed about this moment for a long time, and now it's here! 
Marcy's twenty-first birthday was four months ago, and she lost hope that she will meet her mate. This was totally unexpected. 
Marcy was overwhelmed by the need to follow her senses and give in to the invisible pull in order to find him. 
"Where are you going?", Nora asked when she saw Marcy walking away. 
"To the restroom.", Marcy lied. 
"I'm coming with you." 
"No need. I will be back in a minute.", Marcy said and disappeared into the crowd before Nora could respond. 
As soon as Marcy stepped on the terrace that was leading toward the garden, Marcy's blue eyes locked with mesmerizing chocolate ones and she was in Heaven. 
'Coming home was not a bad thing, after all…', Marcy thought. If she knew that her mate was here, she would come three years ago. 
They walked toward each other as possessed, and he took her hand in his without a word spoken. They both jolted as the delightful sparks prickled their skin upon contact, and their wolves stirred in joy. 
The brown-haired Greek God took the lead and Marcy followed obediently deeper into the garden, seeking privacy. 
Marcy smiled foolishly while observing his broad back. He was tall and muscular and everything she ever imagined her partner will be. 
When they were at the edge of the garden, hidden from the crowd by the large hydrangea bushes, he stopped and turned to face Marcy. 
She took a moment to admire his features and take note of some details in silence, and he did the same. 
There was no need to speak. Their enamored gazes and matching smiles said it all. 
Marcy marveled how his hair turned golden under the rays of the setting sun. His full lips lifted into a half-smile demanded to be kissed, and she could see a tattoo peeking under his off-white shirt as his top button was undone. Is it a hummingbird? Marcy was eager to remove his shirt and see the extent of that artwork which embellished his muscular body. 
Marcy praised herself for preserving her v-card. This Greek God will definitely be elated when he finds out that she is a virgin, only his, and she couldn't wait for him to claim her possessively. That's the way of the werewolves. 
It's not that she was saving herself for marriage, but Marcy knew that if her parents found out that she was defiled, she would be in big trouble. That's why whenever Marcy hooked up with guys, she made sure they are aware there will be no vaginal penetration. Oral pleasures were fine, and if the guy was good, she would agree to anal, but her sweet spot was reserved for someone worthy. And this Greek God standing in front of her was worthy. 
He observed with admiration Marcy's impeccably straight blonde hair, parted on the side, that framed her exquisite face. Her light blue eyes, nearly gray… straight nose… full lips… flawless skin. Everything about Marcy was delicate and wonderful. 
Before he could say anything, Marcy grabbed the collar of his shirt and pulled him down for a kiss. 
Marcy's heart thumped erratically as mind-numbing electricity shot through her body while his flavors spread within her and his large hands on her back felt just right. 
It was not her first kiss, and their tongues barely touched, yet Marcy was lightheaded and giddy. 
"I'm Marcy…", she said while catching her breath. 
"George", he responded with a smile that made her core clench. 
"My father is Alpha Edward and my mother…" 
"I know", he cut her off with a smoky voice that made her wish to rip his clothes off and throw herself at him right there, among the hydrangea bushes. 
She smiled like an idiot while running her hands over his firm chest. The pesky off-white shirt was in the way, but she suppressed her urges to undress him because she could hear the music and people chattering. Someone might come and see them. 
George pushed the lock of Marcy's hair behind her ear, and she was sure that she never experienced anything more seductive in her life, yet. 
"Tell me something about you.", Marcy demanded dreamily. 
He shrugged. "I'm a nobody." 
She didn't get it. "You are from the Red Moon pack, right?" She could feel the mind link tingling, telling her that they belong to the same pack. "The party started two hours ago, how come I noticed you only now?" 
"I was cleaning training grounds. My shift ended at eight o'clock. After that, I came here…" 
Marcy blinked while trying to process his words and her smile faltered. 
Cleaning? An Omega. A nobody. 
Why would the Moon Goddess pair her with an Omega? If he is a warrior, or a scout, or anything, it would be better than this. Omegas are the lowest, unskilled pack members. 
How can the princess be mated to an Omega? 
Marcy inhaled with difficulty and took a step back. 
And the next came from her mouth words she never thought she will say, "I Marcy Redmayne, reject you…" 
Her heart ached and her wolf howled in protest. She could see anguish veiling George's handsome features, but she knew it had to be done. 
She was in so much pain while stammering away, that she didn't register if anyone noticed her leaving the party, or if George accepted her rejection. 
George. 
That's the name that will be painfully etched into her heart forever. 
Marcy was nearing the door of her room when she bumped into someone. 
"Sorry…", Marcy mumbled at the girl that was now sitting on the floor, wearing clothes that were too shabby for the party by any standards. 
Marcy was in too much pain to think about the girl whose head was lowered, her unkempt copper-colored hair covered her face as she clambered to her feet and ran down the hallway. 
Marcy forced her legs to move because she didn't want anyone to see her in this state, especially not her parents, and she hoped that the person she knocked into was no one important. 
Marcy's wolf withdrew in the back of her mind, licking her wounds and refusing to acknowledge Marcy. Marcy could feel her wolf's pain that only amplified her own. 
Without her wolf, Marcy couldn't shift into wolf form, but soon she will find out how that's the least of her problems. 
---
###Chapter 5 - Excuses And Reasons
The next day was a blur for Marcy as she struggled to accept reality while cursing the day of returning home. 
Luna Layla's tea parties, Nora taking Marcy places and trying to cheer her up while thinking that Marcy has difficulty adjusting to the life in the pack, Marcy coming up with excuses why she is not shifting into her wolf form, various faces, and fake smiles, it all blended into fuzzy nothingness. 
The knowledge that she had a mate and lost him was like tasting the best delicacy and knowing it will forever be out of reach. But what were her options? 
Marcy didn't reject George on a whim. 
As much as Marcy is the princess of the Red Moon pack, in the last ten years, she experienced independence, met various people, and learned some things about life. She is not stupid. 
Marcy is aware that her parents see her as a token that can be exchanged for climbing up the power ladder. They sent her to Europe to increase the mystery around Marcy's identity and to give her a label of a she-wolf who knows the ways of the world. 
Just like any she-wolf, Marcy dreamed about meeting her other half and losing herself in his embrace. 
The guy of her dreams was tall and muscular and his scorching gaze was directed at her. He would command thousands of werewolves during the day, and win fierce battles, while in the night he would make sure to tire her out in all positions of Kama Sutra. 
George was tall and muscular, and his scorching gaze whispered promises of sleepless nights full of carnal pleasures. But he didn't have anyone to command because he was the one receiving orders. 
Marcy concluded that something must be wrong with George. If he was healthy, he would definitely be part of some warrior unit and not an Omega on cleaning duty. 
George would never get the approval of her parents. 
Marcy mentally went through numerous scenarios and outcomes, depending on who her mate would be, and she knew that if her mate is not someone outstanding, the best outcome for both of them is to reject that bond before it solidifies. 
Omega is someone without a title, without a position, without resources. 
Marcy's parents would not accept him and if Marcy insisted on staying with him, they would either disown her, or they would punish him. Harshly. He might even lose his life. 
Alpha Edward and Luna Layla would not approve of such union, because that would sully their family and ruin twenty years of investments they made in Marcy. 
Marcy is the princess and it's her duty to ensure the prosperity of the pack, even if it means she needs to suffer. That sounds virtuous, but Marcy is aware how that is only a fa?ade created by her parents and other powerful individuals behind them. The truth is that they will use any means to grasp more, and it's never enough. 
Losing a mate is devastating, and the longer two are together, the stronger is the bond. There are cases when one mate died and the other one followed soon after, due to heartbreak. 
Rejecting George was the best decision, Marcy is confident about that. 
The bond was still weak, and they will survive and move on. 
Who knows? Maybe the Moon Goddess will give them second chance mates, or if they complete the mating process with someone else, any other crushes and bonds will disappear. Hopefully. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
It was early morning when Alpha Edward called Marcy into his study. 
Other than her father, also present were Luna Layla, James (aka the brother), Beta Raymond, and Nora. Based on this lineup, Marcy knew that it's something important. 
Panic swelled within her. Is it possible that they heard about her rejecting George? 
Marcy told herself to calm down. Being rejected is a big shame, so George probably didn't share that with anyone, and she kept her lips sealed. 
Or did someone saw them kissing in the garden? Even if that's the case, kissing is not a big deal. Marcy was already spinning a story in her head, how that was a dare or a bet. 
"Sit, Marcy.", Alpha Edward commanded, and when she sat on the chair, he announced, "Alpha Damon of the Dark Howlers pack is coming to visit us tomorrow. He will be here in time for lunch." 
Marcy didn't understand why that required her presence or why it sounded so official. It's just a guest, an Alpha. He will join them for lunch and maybe dinner, and spend the day with her father. 
"The Dark Howlers pack is the largest pack in North America.", Luna Layla chimed in while looking at Marcy meaningfully. 
Marcy nodded in acknowledgment. She knew this. 
Marcy spent the last ten years in Europe, but she was aware of the major events among packs. 
Alpha Damon made quite a reputation for himself as a fierce warrior, undefeated among Alphas. Other Alphas admire him, fear him, and despise him at the same time because Alpha Damon got his position very young, and he doesn't take anyone's shit. 
The word is that Alpha Damon has a nasty temper. 
Marcy could guess that her father hates Alpha Damon. It's nothing personal, but because of the Dark Howlers pack, the Red Moon pack is second, and her father hates being second. Sprinkling salt to his wounded ego is the fact that Alpha Damon is half of her father's age, so there is that. 
Marcy wondered why her father was smiling, and his next few words answered Marcy's silent question, "He is coming to meet you and discuss with me the deal for you to become his Luna." 
Marcy's word stopped. Deal to become his Luna. Luna? Like marriage, Luna? 
And then things fell into place. 
All the classes and training she took; her parents let her pick whatever she wanted as long as she takes etiquette lessons as well as various classes that are related to house and budget management. It all pointed out to the possibility of her parents grooming Marcy to be the lady of the house, a big house. Probably a Luna. 
Marcy understood that her parents are working on this for some time. Maybe from the day she was born. 
When Marcy returned, the first thing her father asked was if she is mated, probably to eliminate any potential problems. 
Marcy shook her head inwardly while thinking how it's a good thing she didn't tell anyone about George, and she hoped that he kept his mouth shut about them being mates because if that reaches her parent's ears, George will be in trouble. 
Marcy looked at her parents. From the beginning, they were preparing her for this, and she knew that the probability of an arranged marriage was high. However, Marcy hoped that it will be more on the lines of them meeting and getting to know each other before they discuss marriage, and not this… business transaction. 
Marcy glanced at Nora, and she wondered if Nora knew about this in advance. Does it matter? It won't change anything. 
"What do you say, Marcy?", Luna Layla asked excitedly. 
Marcy grit her teeth. What kind of a stupid question was that? Does she have a choice to oppose? 
"I am still taking in this information.", Marcy responded ambiguously. 
"You have until tomorrow noon to take it in and adjust your attitude.", Alpha Edward said, and only then Marcy noticed that his expression darkened. "A lot of things depend on this marriage, so you better leave a good impression." 
Marcy responded with a tight smile. 
How could she forget that her father did everything for his own gain? He probably sees Alpha Damon as a youngster that can easily be manipulated. It would be stupid to think that this was ever about Marcy. 
"Yes, father.", was the only thing Marcy could say. "If you excuse me…" 
Luna Layla gave eye signals to Nora to follow after Marcy. From the day Marcy returned, Nora's duty was to ensure Marcy doesn't do anything stupid. 
This is a crucial time for Marcy, and they needed Marcy to accept her reality and stay composed. That's what they raised her for. 
---
###Chapter 6 - Stephanie
Marcy's mind was a mess after receiving the news that tomorrow she will meet Alpha Damon, the Alpha of the notorious Dark Howlers pack, aka her future husband. 
She still didn't recuperate from the event of finding (and rejecting) her mate, yet now she needs to think about another man. And this was not just any man. Alpha Damon has a grim reputation on the battlefield and an even worse reputation related to women. 
In search of solitude that would allow her to think, Marcy went to her room. 
To Marcy's horror, Nora was two steps behind her, cooing how this is the best thing ever. 
Marcy was exasperated when she saw that Nora came into her room. Why won't Nora leave her alone? 
"What do you know about Alpha Damon?", Marcy asked irritably. 
Nora whipped her phone out. "Very handsome! This one was taken two months ago when he visited the Silverburn pack. I have a friend there, so we exchange hottie-related information, and Damon is a hottie, so... I can't believe he is coming here!" 
Marcy looked at the photo Nora showed her. Well, he is handsome. 
"I guess with you marrying him, I will have the hottest info on him.", Nora grinned at Marcy. "You will be OK with me reporting things to my friends about your hot husband, right? Damon being married won't make him any less handsome, and we are only talking and looking. Not touching." 
Marcy let out an exasperated sigh. "Take as many photos as you want. It's not like I own the guy. This is all my father's doing, for the benefit of the pack. No one asked me how I feel about this." 
Nora cocked an eyebrow at Marcy. "How do your feelings change the fact that you are set to marry the hottest werewolf in North America? He has looks and money and thousands of warriors at his disposal. I can only imagine how lavish his mansion is. His territory is larger than ours and it has forests and lakes and mountains as far as your eyes can reach. It will be all yours." 
"What about his womanizing?", Marcy asked. 
Nora rolled her eyes like Marcy asked something silly. "Hellooooo! Damon is the Alpha of the largest pack in North America. He never lost a challenge, and he is young, handsome, and single. Do you expect him to be a monk? Women throw themselves at him. If he says a word, an endless line of beauties will form and wait for him to claim them." 
Marcy groaned. "I was not talking about hookups. Didn't you hear about numerous women offering themselves as brides and Alpha Damon rejecting them?" 
Nora shrugged. "One or a hundred, why does that matter? Do you put yourself on the same level as them? You are beautiful, well educated, and your father is the Alpha of the Red Moon pack. Even if Alpha Damon doesn't fall for you right away, as long as he doesn't reject you, you will get your chance to seduce him." 
Marcy agreed with this, she is all what Nora said, and much more, and Marcy didn't meet a guy who would refuse her. No matter how many layers Alpha Damon has around him, Marcy was confident that she will be able to win him over. 
At the mentioning of rejection, Marcy remembered George, the Greek God who gave her a few minutes of bliss before the harsh truth plunged her into agony. 
Does Damon have a mate or someone he prefers? Marcy was confident that a guy like Damon probably has several women at home, willing to please him. What if he has a harem? 
"Do you know if Alpha Damon found his mate?" 
"Maybe he did, and things didn't work out…", Nora mused. "But you should focus on the fact that he is available. After you complete the mating ceremony, it won't matter if his mate is out there because the bond between the two of you will form and overshadow any others. You will be the Luna of the most powerful pack and he will adore you." 
Marcy pursed her lips while thinking about Nora's words. 
Luna Marcy, Luna of the most powerful pack in North America. It doesn't sound bad. The fact that Alpha Damon is young and good-looking is an added bonus. Only a fool would pass such an opportunity. 
Marcy told herself that no matter what mate the Moon Goddess set for her, she can choose her mate. If they complete the mating process, any other bond will disappear, including this longing Marcy feels for George. 
Marcy put her hand over her chest. She rejected him. Why does she still feel restless whenever she thinks of him? 
"Are you OK?", Nora asked with concern obvious in her voice. 
"Yes, yes.", Marcy was quick to plaster a smile on her face. "Tomorrow is a big day. Help me pick what to wear. Unfortunately, I didn't pack some of my favorite dresses and we might need to go shopping." 
Nora squealed at the possibility of shopping. That's her favorite pastime. 
… 
~ The Dark Howlers pack ~ 
While Marcy and Nora were going through Marcy's closet, at the same time, in the Dark Howlers pack… 
Damon exited the packhouse and just like every time when he leaves for longer than one day, he stopped and observed the three-story high majestic building. 
On the first floor are common rooms, where pack members gather and they entertain guests. 
On the second floor are offices, guest bedrooms, and Beta's quarters. 
The third floor is reserved for Alpha and his family. 
Damon remembers the time when the packhouse was lively. When he was a child, it was always buzzing with activity. His mother, Luna Violet, knew how to attract people. She was kind, with the warmest smile under the moon, and everyone loved her. 
Now, it's just a handful of them staying in this huge mansion. Regular pack members have their own dwellings in the area, and they come to the packhouse only when they have some business or when Alpha is hosting an event, which is not very often. 
It's quiet. 
Damon turned to the car where Caden and Maya waited for him. 
It was time to head to the Red Moon pack and meet Marcy, the next candidate for his Luna. 
"Cheer up!", Caden shouted from the car at Damon. "You look like you are going to a funeral, and not to get laid! The mental image of a fine woman like Marcy spreading her legs for you should make you happy!" 
Maya slapped Caden over his shoulder. 
"What?", Caden asked Maya innocently and she rolled her eyes at him. 
"Why can't you pick your words a bit?", Maya scolded Caden. 
Caden smirked. "Since when you mind when I talk dirty?" 
"It's fine when it's only the two of us...", Maya responded with a whisper and Caden chuckled before pulling her closer to give her a smacking kiss on the lips. 
Damon observed this lover's banter, and he was not enthusiastic about the upcoming trip. It will be a long drive and he will be forced to watch the PDA between those two lovebirds. 
"Wait!", a breathy female voice was heard from the hallway and a second later a middle-aged woman appeared at the main door with a full head of curly red hair, and food containers in her hands. "This is food for the road. I don't want you kids to go hungry." 
Damon stifled a laugh and shook his head. For her, they will always be kids. 
Damon accepted food containers without complaining. "Thank you, Steph." 
Stephanie takes care of the packhouse, handling tasks that are usually done by the Luna, and Damon often jokes that he will marry her. 
Luna of the pack takes care of the packhouse, and she ensures that the pack members are happy, while Alpha is in charge of security and everything running smoothly within the pack, and with their external relationships (allies and enemies). 
To explain Alpha and Luna roles in simple language: Alpha takes care of the needs, while Luna takes care of the wants, and only when Alpha and Luna are working in harmony, the pack can grow and prosper. 
Damon doesn't have a Luna, so those duties are split between Stephanie and Maya, with Stephanie focusing on the packhouse while Maya keeps an eye on the pack members. 
Stephanie was Damon's mother's best friend, and her mate was the Beta of the Dark Howlers pack when Damon's father, Alpha Jacob, was the Alpha. Stephanie's mate died with Damon's parents. 
Stephanie has a daughter, Lisa, who was eight years old at that time, and Damon treats Lisa like his baby sister. 
With the demise of Alpha and Luna of the Black Howlers pack, the situation was unstable, and Stephanie couldn't leave Damon on his own, so she decided to send her daughter to her sister, for safety reasons. 
It took about two years for the peace to return to the Black Howlers pack and by then Lisa adapted to the life with her aunt and uncle, and they decided that she will stay there. Lisa still visits occasionally, mostly during summer break and on holidays. 
For the last decade, Stephanie is treating Damon as her child, and everyone in the pack loves and respects her. 
---
###Chapter 7 - Power-hungry Ex-es
"Drive safely.", Stephanie said to Caden when he started the car. 
The trio would save a lot of time if they went with a helicopter or a plane, but werewolves like to feel the ground below them and won't fly unless it's absolutely necessary. 
"Be back in three days.", Stephanie added meaningfully. 
Caden paused while thinking about his and Damon's schedule. There was nothing that would require their presence for at least one week. Any work that was pending could be done via phone, email, or video chat. 
"What's in three days?", Caden asked. 
"Cassie is coming.", Stephanie responded with an unhappy face. 
Caden stifled a laugh and Maya grimaced. 
"What? Why?", Damon asked dejectedly. 
Stephanie narrowed her eyes at him. "You should ask her and not me. Cassie wanted to come today, but I told her that you will be out for a few days on business, and then she changed her tune to how she will go to New York for three days and come here after that. Make sure you are back by then. I don't want to entertain girls who think they are my Luna." 
Damon nodded obediently. "I will keep you informed about our schedule." 
Before Stephanie could say anything, Damon slipped in the back seat of the car and mind-linked Caden, 'Drive, NOW!' 
"See you in a few days, Steph!", Caden shouted through the open window and drove away. 
"Not a few! Three! Did you hear me!?", Stephanie shouted after them and shook her head helplessly. Kids. 
In the car… 
"Man, you should tidy up your loose ends.", Caden said to Damon teasingly. 
Damon groaned in frustration. 
If not for Caden setting him up with that blasted date, Damon wouldn't even know who Cassie is. 
Cassie was one of the bride candidates. About three years ago, Damon went to meet her, and they met. Intimately. 
Damon didn't know it was her first time; not that it would make any difference. 
Damon deflowered many girls, she-wolves and humans alike, but after Cassie, he made a rule to stay away from virgins. 
Cassie is a spoiled young lady, daughter of Alpha Richard, and Damon wonders if she has marbles instead of a brain. 
Damon rejected her many times, but she refuses to accept it and walks around telling people that they are planning her Luna ceremony. The woman is delusional. 
Since their one night together, Cassie shows up at the Dark Howlers pack occasionally, demanding that Damon marries her because she gave him her first time. 
Damon would probably imprison her or maybe make her disappear if that wouldn't risk a war with the Steelbite pack. 
The Steelbite pack on its own is not a problem. It's one of the smaller packs in the Southeast. But Alpha Richard has many connections, even among the Elders, and Damon doesn't want to give them more reasons to target him. 
To Damon, Cassie is a temporary nuisance, and just like many she-wolves who are throwing themselves at him, Damon can tune her out. 
Cassie comes about once a month, spends two to three days making a ruckus, and when she gets tired, she leaves. 
As much as Damon can ignore Cassie and block her attempts to crawl onto his lap or sneak into his bedroom at night, Stephanie feels like snapping Cassie's neck whenever she hears Cassie saying how she is the Luna. 
For Stephanie, there was only one Luna of the Dark Howlers pack and she perished ten years ago. How Stephanie sees it, every time Cassie shouts she is Luna (and tries to act like one), Cassie is tarnishing the image of Damon's mother, late Luna Violet. 
Stephanie is aware that one day Damon will find his Luna, and Stephanie hopes that the girl will be at least half as good as her deceased best friend. Cassie is not good enough to clean Luna Violet's shoes which are sitting boxed up for the last decade, and taking Luna Violet's position is out of the question. 
Damon exhaled sharply, releasing his tension together with last thoughts about Cassie. With any luck, she will not come, and he won't need to deal with all that drama. 
Women like Cassie enforce Damon's conviction that having a woman in life only brings trouble. He already has so much to deal with. Managing the pack, balancing the relationships with other packs, alliances, deals, concealed enmity, and all those damned Elders who are trying to manipulate him. 
Other than his mother and Stephanie (and maybe Maya), Damon didn't see any woman who can handle her own burden. That's why he doesn't want a woman in his life. His hands are already full and if he needs to deal with whinnying and pacifying women, he would go crazy. 
How Damon sees it, one-night stands are perfect and there are plenty of women who won't ask for more from a handsome stranger, especially she-wolves who have a high libido. 
Whenever he has time, Damon goes outside of his pack borders, into areas where no one knows him. He finds a woman, they have fun, and by morning he can go back to his duties without any strings attached. 
A clean break after an enjoyable night. Is that too much to ask for? 
Unfortunately, Damon is something like a celebrity, and those few women with whom he spent more than one night, started building expectations and he didn't want to deal with their tantrums, so he bailed out. 
Damon's phone rang and his handsome eyebrow arched when he saw the caller ID, "Jade". 
Ah, another of his ex-es (aka bride candidates), but this one didn't call him in more than a year, so he decided to see what she wants. 
"Yes?" 
"Hi Alpha Damon, can we talk?" 
Damon hummed in confirmation. This is what he likes about Jade. She doesn't beat around the bush, and she doesn't play games. 
Damon remembers when he met Jade for a date, about two years ago. Jade told him that she is into modeling, and she has no plans to abandon her career, but she is not against one night of fun. 
"We are already on a date, why not enjoy it all the way?", she said with a wink and Damon approved. 
In the morning, there were no hugs, no kisses, and no empty promises. Jade just left which earned her a big brownie point in Damon's books and that's why he didn't block her number. 
And now it seems that she has something on her mind. 
"Tell me.", Damon said. 
"I am aware that you are still single, and that Elders are pressuring you to get married more than ever, right?" 
Damon frowned and said sternly, "Get to the point, Jade." 
Jade heard the Alpha's tone in Damon's voice, and she got aroused. She can't help it. Every she-wolf reacts to a powerful male, it's in their genes. 
"My father is nagging me to quit my job and find a husband and all the other stuff I don't want to do, so I thought of you." 
Damon didn't get it. "Explain." 
"We can help each other. I will stay at your place for a few days, we go out, take some photos, and make it look like we are in a serious relationship. That should pacify my father and Elders for some time. I can go back to my runway, while you do… whatever you do. When they start bugging us again, we will repeat the process. What do you say?" 
"You want to be my fake girlfriend?", Damon summarized. Part of him thought how that's a good idea. 
"Fake, real, those are just labels, right? We already shagged each other's brains out, so other than marking, we went as far as possible. This is something that can benefit both of us. If you want, we can sign a contract. I will appreciate it if you don't meddle in my career and don't touch my money." After a brief pause, Jade spoke with urgency, "I need to go. The show starts in five minutes, and I'm the first model. Think about it and let me know. If you have any conditions, I'm open for negotiations." 
The call ended abruptly, and Damon stared at his phone. 
"Will Jade be your pretend girlfriend?", Maya asked with amusement in her voice. 
"I hope not.", Caden said seriously. "Damon, remember that once they get in, it's a headache to kick them out. What if she wants more than pretending? And before you say how Jade is cool, let me remind you that she is crafty and ambitious. If she is not, she wouldn't be such a successful model despite her father's ions." 
Damon exhaled sharply as he agreed with Caden. All the irritation he left behind was back again. 
Women only bring trouble. 
Why can't they leave him alone? 
---
###Chapter 8 - Talia
Author's note: see Talia's photo in the comments 
--- 
~ The Red Moon pack ~ 
"Out of the way!", Anna spat angrily while carrying a stack of plates into the kitchen. 
Talia quickly stepped to the side, not wanting to attract attention. She never understood why Anna or other Omegas are treating her like trash, she is an Omega, just like they are. 
The only difference between them and Talia is that they all have families, while Talia is an orphan. No one will stand up for her and in the world of werewolves, one wins by strength or numbers. Unfortunately, Talia doesn't have any of those, so she needs to submit or risk another beating. 
Talia read in a book that a good Luna should advocate for kindness and helping the less fortunate ones, but Luna Layla is not one of those. Other than worrying about herself, Luna Layla cares about the flashy image of the Red Moon pack, and that's where her concerns stop. 
Talia huddled in the corner, behind a big ficus, and observed the commotion. 
The whole packhouse was buzzing with activity and she overheard Omegas talking how someone important is coming for lunch. Probably an Alpha. 
The packhouse is a big mansion that is used as a home for the Alpha, the Beta, and their families. Also, guests stay there. 
Other pack members have their own dwellings in the area whose size and proximity to the packhouse reflect the owner's standing within the pack. 
Talia is the only exception as she is a nobody and she lives in the packhouse, but only because she stays in the attic. No one knows Talia exists as long as she completes her chores, and she doesn't get in anyone's way. 
On a normal day, Talia thinks of herself as a house mouse that lives within the walls without anyone noticing. 
Talia likes when they have important guests because that means there will be plenty of food to go around, just like during the party, two days ago. 
That party was amazing. Talia listened to the music from the window she cracked open while munching on a full plate of various snacks she sneaked from the kitchen. 
The only bad thing was that the guest of honor, princess Marcy (how other Omegas call her), bumped into Talia after Talia returned the empty plate. Luckily, Marcy didn't raise a fuss and she even apologized. 
Talia is confident that Marcy is a good person. 
When Talia cleaned Marcy's bathroom while Marcy was on one of her spa outings, Talia observed an array of beauty products she wouldn't even know how to use, and Marcy's closet was full of fancy outfits which confirmed to Talia that Marcy is the real princess. Princess Marcy. 
Talia used the less used passages to reach her room in the attic. The things inside are old and dingy, but she keeps it clean and most of the time no one bothers her. 
She smiled at the sight of two apples and a dinner roll that were on the napkin, next to the futon where Talia sleeps. 
Normally, Talia stays in her room during the day. At night, she would complete her chores, and she uses that opportunity to shower in a bathroom that is attached to one of the unused guest bedrooms. When everyone is sleeping, Talia sneaks into the kitchen to find food. 
How Talia sees it, today is a good day. With an important Alpha coming, there will definitely be a feast, which means more leftovers. 
Talia laid on the futon that is riled with holes, and she stared at the ceiling while munching on an apple. 
Talia likes to think of herself as a captured princess, waiting for her prince to rescue her, but Talia is aware that she is no princess and there is no prince. Not for her at least. 
Talia was brought to the Red Moon pack, when she was a toddler, by the previous Alpha. She heard rumors that the Alpha was kind and powerful, but unfortunately, soon after Talia's arrival to the Red Moon pack, he died, and his son, Edward inherited his position. 
Alpha Edward was eager to prove himself and in the world of werewolves, that is done by strength and strategizing. His strategy was to focus on warriors and military power, and he neglected everything else. 
Of course, Alpha Edward's perfect image was important, so Luna Layla was in charge of making the packhouse looking glamorous and organizing parties, while their daughter Marcy was sent to Europe to attend prestigious boarding schools when she was in her early teens, and their son James was busy with tutors even before he could walk properly. 
Between all that activity, Talia is convinced that Alpha Edward and Luna Layla forgot about her existence. 
Talia was seven or maybe eight years old when Alpha Edward repurposed common rooms for additional training areas, and at that point, Talia lost her bedroom. 
"Where should I go?", Talia asked while looking at people who were taking the furniture out of her room. 
The woman paused. "The attic is not used." 
And here she is. In the attic. 
That was more than a decade ago. 
Since then, Talia is living low-key with Alpha and Luna not acknowledging her existence. It's not that they are ignoring her on purpose. Talia is a quiet, inconspicuous girl, with a talent for diminishing her presence. 
Talia was a child when she came to the Red Moon pack, and she never went through the ceremony of joining the pack, so she doesn't have the mind link. That's one of the reasons why Alpha Edward doesn't know about her. 
But Omegas know. They tend to bully Talia for the smallest mistakes and over the years, Talia learned to keep to herself and to avoid them effectively. 
She cleans the bathrooms and empties the trash in the packhouse, without anyone noticing. 
Talia shifted and groaned when a hard corner hit her lower back. She reached for the book that's the culprit for her pain. That will leave a bruise. 
Talia lives with the werewolves, but she is no more than a human. 
If not for her wolf speaking to her, Talia would believe that she IS a human. 
Unfortunately, Talia heard her wolf the last time about four years ago. 
'You are too weak to shift…', Talia's wolf spoke into her head. 'If you force it, it might kill you…' 
Talia didn't feel her wolf since then, and Talia is not sure if her wolf is sleeping or if she is lost forever. 
Without her wolf, Talia doesn't have the speed or the strength, or the enhanced senses, and her healing ability is super-slow. On top of that, Talia is malnourished and much smaller than an average werewolf, making her look like a fifteen-sixteen years old (skinny) girl, instead of nineteen years old. 
Talia looked at the book in her hand and observed the illustration of a princess who is smiling and running with her prince. There is a castle in the background, they are holding hands and look happy, and Talia's eyes always wander to the princess' shiny shoes. 
The book is about Cinderella, a poor girl who is abused by her stepmother and stepsisters, and then she meets a fairy godmother who magics a fancy dress and shiny shoes so that Cinderella can go to the ball, meet her prince, and live happily ever after. 
'What nonsense.', Talia thought. 'The story is rubbish. One's fortune can't depend on a pair of shoes', but Talia still cracked a smile. 
This book reminds Talia of Olivia, the only member of the Red Moon pack who treated her as a person. 
Olivia left the pack about one year ago and Talia misses her dearly. Every night Talia hugs that book to sleep, and she remembers Olivia. 
Olivia is two years older than Talia and her father is Dr. Scott, the pack doctor. 
Olivia would sneakily come to the attic and help Talia tend to her cuts and bruises. Olivia didn't dare to help Talia openly when others bullied her, but Talia never blamed her for it. 
Olivia taught Talia a lot about plants; which one is good for swelling, which one for reducing pain, etc. 
When Olivia noticed that Talia is reading slowly, she gave Talia the book about Cinderella. "Practice reading daily. This is a great book to remind you how there is such thing as magic, and dreams can come true..." 
Talia thought how that was silly, but she was touched by the gesture and accepted the book. 
Last year, Olivia was away for a few weeks, and when she returned she came to say her goodbyes. 
"Where are you going?", Talia asked her curiously. 
Talia never thought about leaving the pack. Not because she didn't have the courage, but more because she had no idea where she would go. Her knowledge about the world outside of the Red Moon pack was extremely limited making her feel like a frog in a well that was sealed and she can't even see the sky above. 
Olivia smiled dreamily. "I met my mate. I'm going to live with him. Larry is waiting for me at my house. I used the chance of Larry talking to my dad to come here and say goodbye…" 
Talia hugged Olivia and wished her all the best. Talia was happy for her friend, even though she knew that she will be lonely. 
Olivia found her prince and she was going to have her happily ever after, and Talia held her tears for after Olivia left. 
Talia placed her hand on the book about Cinderella and dozed off. 
Her duties start in the evening when everyone is sleeping, so she can rest. By then, the guests will arrive and all the buzz will be over, and Talia smiled at the thought of all the leftovers she will find in the kitchen. 
---
###Chapter 9 - The Red Moon Pack
It was late morning when Damon, Caden, and Maya arrived at the Red Moon pack. 
Luna Layla apologized for the absence of her husband. "He is with the scouts who picked up suspicious movements on the eastern border of our territory before dawn. Alpha Edward is a hands-on leader and wants to personally ensure we are safe." 
Luna Layla was welcoming enough to personally show them to their rooms on the second floor. 
'Wow! This place is glitzy.', Maya shared her thoughts with Damon and Caden through their mind link. 
'You can say that again.', Caden responded. 
None of three commented on two lines of Omegas who bowed to greet them in front of the packhouse. 
The floor of the entry hallway was made of white marble and the matching tall columns reached the three stories high ceiling. The marble staircase elegantly curved upward, looking pure and flawless, perfectly complimented by golden rails and the opulent crystal chandeliers that looked like they came from a fancy castle. 
'How many homes could one build with all this money if they only take luxury down a notch?', Damon grumbled through the mind link. 
'In the Red Moon pack, only mated couples get a dwelling. Highly ranked warriors get a single home, while others get apartments.', Caden reminded Damon who usually doesn't care about the internal workings of other packs. 'Everyone else above the age of twelve years old lives in common buildings where six to eight people share a room.' 
Maya frowned at this thought. 
In the Dark Howlers pack, they have common buildings, but most of the pack members live in single homes. Community buildings are used by teens who want to experience life away from parents, and by the elderly who want their space while staying close to people of their age, and of course, in case of emergency situations, when someone's home catches on fire or for refugees until they find them a permanent housing solution. 
Damon continued his father's practice of treating everyone with equal importance regardless of their occupation or gender. Omegas get the same privileges as warriors and doctors. After all, each of them is an important member of the pack and deserves dignity. 
Giving preference to someone compared to others will create an atmosphere where members are inclined to choose an occupation, disregarding their interests, only because of the benefits it brings. It could easily bring inequality and the creation of social classes. And there is also jealousy, feelings of superiority, and other negativity can easily catch roots. 
The Red Moon pack is known for its military proves, but only because Alpha Edward appreciates warriors and gives them better living conditions which caused most of the able males to become soldiers. 
Maya felt the oppressive atmosphere the moment she alighted from the car. Two warriors standing stiffly on each side of the main entrance, the distant shouts from groups that were training… It was like they came to a military compound and not a pack where families live. 
"Are you OK?", Caden asked Maya while rubbing her shoulder and she wondered if she made a face or Caden noticed her uneasiness because of their mate bond. 
Maya glanced at Luna Layla before turning to Caden with a smile. "Fine. I'm just tired from the trip." 
"Please, freshen up and join us downstairs. Lunch will be served in one hour, food will replenish your energy, and you can rest after that if you wish.", Luna Layla said to what Maya responded with a nod. 
"Will Marcy join us for lunch?", Maya asked before entering the room. The young Miss and the reason they are here didn't welcome them at the door. 
"Yes. She is getting ready.", Luna Layla said and glanced at Damon. "She wants to look her best." 
"Her best…", Caden repeated. "We look forward to seeing her best." 
Luna Layla's smile froze, and she would snap at Caden for making such an ambiguous remark. Why does he, a Beta, want to see her daughter? But Alpha Damon was right there, with his icy stern expression that made her shrink, so she plastered a smile on her face and sucked it up. 
Damon entered his room and locked the door before heading to the bathroom. 
Since they entered the Red Moon pack territory, Damon started feeling uneasy, like an omen of unpleasant things coming. 
He wanted to shower and relax a bit because traveling with Caden and Maya who are always flirting or playfully bickering is exhausting, and based on the overly enthusiastic welcome by Luna Layla, Damon had a feeling that his mood will only get worse. 
Damon met several dozens of she-wolves who tried to become his Luna, but this was the first time for Damon to stay in the packhouse overnight. Normally, he would meet the woman and her parents, take her out for dinner or to a nightclub before they end up rolling in the sheets in a hotel room. Compared to that, this looked more like meet the in-laws scenario, the one where he needs to stay for a few days and returns home with a wife. 
That's not happening. 
He wanted to talk to Alpha Edward and get to the bottom of what he wants, other than Damon marrying Marcy. There must be some other expectations attached to it. But unfortunately, Alpha Edward didn't join them for lunch, so that had to wait. 
Damon, Caden, and Maya had a meal in the lavish dining room that matched the rest of the villa, in the company of Luna Layla, Marcy, and Nora. 
Marcy and Nora were already seated at the table when Damon, Caden, and Maya arrived, and they briefly shook hands while exchanging pleasantries. 
Alpha Edward and Beta Raymond were still absent, busy with scouts, and Luna Layla promised that they will return soon and definitely join them for dinner. She also apologized because her son was not present, saying that he is doing some exercises with warriors in order to build a strong character. 
During their meal, Luna Layla played the role of a good hostess, Marcy chose her words while striking a balance between not being mute and not overstepping her boundaries, while Nora was stealing glances at Damon and blushing profusely. 
How Nora saw it, life doesn't get better than this. The man from her wet fantasies was at the same table, eating and talking and every movement of his lips was seductive. She wondered what else he can do with those lips, and with the rest of his body. 
She shook hands with Damon, and his grip was solid and warm and she wished that he grips more than her hand. 
Nora glanced at Marcy and wondered if Marcy will mind if Nora makes a move on Damon. After all, Marcy didn't seem to be possessive of her future husband and it's not like Nora wants to snatch him for herself. Just a taste will be enough. One night. 
After lunch, Luna Layla suggested, "Marcy, why don't you show Alpha Damon the garden? Hydrangea is in full bloom, and you can use this chance to get to know each other." 
Marcy glanced at Damon and smiled. "Are you interested?" 
"For a walk?", Damon asked, and Marcy confirmed with a nod. "Since your father is still busy, I need to fill in the time with something." 
Luna Layla's lips twitched. Why is Alpha Damon sounding like he came for business with her husband instead of to meet Marcy? 
'I'm going for a walk.', Damon said to Caden and Maya through the mind link. 
Caden smirked. 'Have fun.' 
'We will do our part.', Maya assured Damon. 
Caden and Maya had a task to investigate the Red Moon pack and see if they can find anything that Damon can use. Ideally, they would find dirt on Marcy so that Damon can label her as unworthy without making up stuff and any negative information on Alpha Edward would be a bonus. 
In the garden… 
"You seem uneasy.", Damon voiced his observation. 
Marcy was glancing around, hoping that she will not see George. Or maybe she wished to see him. But she couldn't admit that to Damon because she would need to say why George is important and that might complicate things. 
Other than Damon's icy demeanor, Marcy thought that he is a good-looking, powerful, man. With his status, he had the right to be prideful. She didn't know Damon, but what she saw so far was impressive. 
"I would like for us to talk in private.", Marcy said. "And here we can be overheard." 
Damon paused. It's not that he didn't plan to sink deep into Marcy, but he didn't think that she will take the initiative less than one hour after they met. 
"How about my room?", Damon suggested, and he smirked when Marcy nodded in approval. 
---
###Chapter 10 - Caught In The Act
In the guestroom… 
Damon sat in the comfy sofa chair and observed Marcy smugly. She was standing three steps in front of Damon with her hands crossed over her chest defensively. 
"You wanted privacy, so here we are.", Damon said while waving his hand, gesturing for Marcy to start talking. 
"Considering our future relationship, I believe that we should be able to talk openly." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "Our future relationship?" 
Marcy narrowed her eyes impatiently. Why is he pretending that he doesn't understand? He wants her to spell it out? Fine! 
"We both know that you are here because I will be your Luna." 
Damon poked his cheek with his tongue while looking at Marcy mockingly. He realized that Marcy is impatient to clarify her status as his Luna. What's with the rush? She didn't seem to be desperate to get married, and if one was watching them during lunch, Nora seemed eager to put her hands on Damon, while Marcy was in a meh-mood. 
Damon wondered if he saw it wrongly, or maybe Marcy is a good actress. 
He wanted to test how far her act will go. 
"My Luna? What makes you think you are qualified?" 
Marcy was offended. Is he looking down on her? 
"Just so you know, I was trained my whole life to be a good Luna. I can take care of the packhouse and the pack members and many other things, including housing, food, and finance management. I will relieve you of your burden." 
"You want to relieve me of my burden…", Damon drawled, and Marcy nodded confidently. 
Damon slid lower in the sofa chair until the back of his head reached the edge of the backrest, and his legs parted more. 
"Since you are eager to relieve me of my burden, how about you put that pretty mouth of yours to good use and give me some relief." 
Marcy paused and it took her a moment to understand the meaning behind Damon glancing at his crotch area. 
She swallowed hard. 'He wants me to suck him off…' 
Well, it's not like she never did that before, but it involved courting and dinner, and… his smug expression frustrated her profusely. 
Marcy told herself that this guy in front of her is not some random Pierre or Jacque, this is Alpha Damon, and he is used to women serving him. 
Marcy is prideful and willful, but at this point, she couldn't afford to offend him. Her father would skin her alive. 
Marcy walked slowly toward Damon and got on her knees between his legs. 
She bit her lower lip while unbuttoning his pants and he lifted his buttocks so that she can pull them lower, just enough for his erection to spring free. 
She took a mental note that he didn't have underwear on. 
Marcy looked at the beast in front of her and her eyes widened. 'He is huge, and not even fully erect!' 
Damon let out a low hiss when Marcy took him into her mouth. 
She knew what she was doing. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author. Thank you! -- 
… 
Talia jumped from her sleep when piercing pain assaulted her shin. 
"Wake up, slave!", Anna said with malice in her voice and Talia was immediately wide awake. 
There are several Omegas who bully Talia, and Anna is their ringleader. But normally they don't come to the attic, and Talia had a bad feeling about this. 
Talia yelped when Shawn grabbed a handful of her hair and dragged her toward the door. "You need to listen, slave…" 
Talia never understood why they call her 'slave', and sometimes they call her 'rat' or 'roach'. 
Is it because she is not part of the Red Moon pack? Or because she has no family? Or because she doesn't get any compensation for the work she does? 
She gets a place to stay and food, and Talia even gets clothes from the pile others are discarding, so she didn't think about asking for more. Who would she ask, anyway? She wouldn't dare to approach Alpha or Luna with any demands. 
Or maybe it's not about Talia, but these Omegas want to be superior to someone, so they are insulting Talia because she is easy to pick on. 
Talia's thoughts were partially right. They bullied her in order to feel better, but what she doesn't know is that Anna and her gang think that Talia is having it easy. 
Other than hard work, Omegas attend mandatory harsh trainings because Alpha Edward believes everyone should be a soldier, and whenever they fall behind, they get beatings. Every time Anna gets a beating, she searches for Talia in order to release some of her steam. 
This time, Anna came up with a plan that will get Talia in big trouble. How big? It will depend on what happens next. 
When Shawn let go of Talia, they were in the hallway on the second floor. 
Anna smiled maliciously and tilted her head to the side. 
Zina stepped forward and pushed a handful of stacked towels into Talia's hands. 
"Fifth door on the right. Alpha Damon needs fresh towels for his bathroom.", Anna said and gestured in that direction. 
Talia took a step back. "Towels? I only clean the bathrooms and take the trash. What if he is inside?" 
"Are you arguing with me?", Anna hissed and raised her hand like she is about to deliver a slap. 
Talia shrunk and scurried down the hallway. 
Anna stifled a laugh at the scene. 
"What do you think will happen?", Zina asked in a whisper. "Princess Marcy and Alpha Damon are alone for some time. What if they are going at it?" 
"Good. We want Talia to cause a ruckus, right?", Shawn chimed in. 
"She is enjoying a carefree life while we suffer.", Anna said maliciously. "It's time for Alpha Edward to take notice of this rat who is always falling through the cracks. I wonder if she will survive the day." 
Talia gently knocked on the door and listened intently. It was quiet. 
She guessed that Alpha Damon Anna mentioned is the big guest and she wondered if it's OK to get in if he is sleeping. With his Alpha-hearing, he would definitely hear that knock and tell her to come in or to scram. 
Talia put her hand on the doorknob and slowly opened the door. 
Her heart stopped at the sight in front of her and she froze. 
A handsome young man with a head full of raven black hair was leaning back in the sofa chair with his head tilted up so that he can stare at the ceiling. His chest heaved and she couldn't see if his eyes were open but what she could see was princess Marcy, kneeling between man's legs and… and… Talia's brain stuttered. 
This was too much. 
Unsure what to do, Talia's eyes fell on the towels she was clutching tightly, and then she took a peek at the duo who was too busy to notice her. 
That's right, they didn't notice her. 
Talia decided to complete her mission. If she retreats without delivering towels, Anna will give her a hard time, and if she proceeds inside, there is a chance they will not catch her. 
Talia stepped into the room and moved toward the bathroom while sticking as close to the wall as possible, without making any sound. 
She left the towels next to the sink and dashed out with light steps, the same ones she uses to move through the packhouse without anyone noticing her. 
Talia stopped at the door and pulled it to close slowly. For some inexplicable reason, Talia took another peek at the duo and her stomach dropped when she met two piercing blue eyes directed at her. 
She was caught! 
And Alpha Damon looked angry! 
"Stop!", Damon shouted, but there was no way that Talia would stop. 
She closed the door and ran upstairs as fast as she could, not stopping at the giggles and mocking from Anna and her gang, and not stopping until she reached the attic and closed the door behind her firmly. Talia pushed the cabinet to block the door and then she huddled in the corner, slowing down her breathing and wishing that her wild heartbeat doesn't betray her location. 
'Is this it? Is this the day I die?', Talia wondered. 
She only did what she was told to do, but that doesn't change the fact that she saw something that shouldn't be seen. 
What did she see? 
Talia didn't know much about male-female relationships, but Talia knew about body parts. Olivia also explained about periods and getting pregnant, and Talia was not sure why would princess Marcy put that part of Alpha Damon in her mouth. It should go elsewhere when they want to have babies. 
---
###Chapter 11 - Mate
In the guest bedroom… 
Damon pushed Marcy away from him and Marcy fell on her butt unceremoniously. 
"Who is that girl?", Damon asked while buttoning up his pants. 
Marcy was confused. "What girl?" 
"The one with towels! She left towels in the bathroom and left!", Damon roared and jabbed his hand into his hair. "Damn it!" 
Marcy stared at Damon and blinked rapidly while trying to understand what happened. 
Less than a minute ago… 
Marcy was going down on him, and she was doing wonderfully, but then Damon inhaled the most seductive sweet citrusy scent that reminded him of delicate freesia flowers and his cock lurched in response. 
'Mate!', Damon's wolf said. 
'What?', Damon asked in disbelief while staring at Marcy. 
If Marcy is his mate, why was his wolf silent during lunch? And why did her scent change? Marcy didn't smell like freesia. Marcy's scent was coconut-like, and there were traces of it everywhere, but this new scent was gentle and seductive. 
His wolf growled. 'Not her. The bathroom…' 
Damon whipped his head toward that direction, just in time to see Talia disappear behind the door with a handful of towels. 
Damon watched Talia as she sneaked out of the room, and he observed her small frame in oversized clothes and her coppery-colored hair that reached just below her shoulders. She was totally unaware that Damon was watching her. 
'Stop her!', Damon's wolf demanded. 'She is the one for us! If you let her go, you will regret it!' 
"Stop!", Damon shouted, but Talia was gone, and the door was closed, and he couldn't get up and go after her because Marcy was still sucking him off and if he made sudden movements, she might bite him. 
The girl was gone and what Marcy did didn't feel good, especially not while his wolf growled at Marcy while urging Damon to go after Talia. 
Back to the present… 
Marcy's eyes widened when she understood what Damon said. "There was a girl in here?" 
Damon nodded. "Who is in charge of towels?" 
Damon didn't know anything about this sneaky girl, and he was not pleased that his wolf told him that Talia is his mate, but he had an urge to understand the aching need to get close to the girl with the coppery colored hair, and for that he needed to find her. 
Marcy shrugged. "I don't know who handles towels. One of Omegas." 
"Find out!", Damon squeezed through his teeth and Marcy lowered her head in submission. 
"Yes, Alpha Damon. I will find out and let you know…", Marcy responded robotically and left the room with urgency. 
Now that she was outside the reach of Damon's wrath, Marcy had space to think. She hated that he used his Alpha tone on her! But more pressing was that someone saw her going down on Damon. Yes, that's her future husband, but she definitely needed to do damage control and send a warning to all Omegas on how they should behave. 
Marcy snorted. No wonder her father looks down on Omegas. They are useless. 
Marcy glanced left and right and spotted a group of Omegas lingering at the end of the hallway. 
"You!", Marcy called. "I have some questions…" 
… 
Damon paced through his room and discomfort in his crotch area got his attention. 
He remembered that Marcy was sucking him off and just when it got good it stopped, and now he was left halfway, with Marcy's coconutty scent lingering on him. 
He didn't think much about Marcy's scent before, but now he found it repulsive. Is it because of the towel girl? 
Her sweet citrusy scent was addictive and he craved for more. How can a girl smell so good? 
Damon saw many wolves lose themselves once they find their mates. It happened with Caden the moment he met Maya. Caden was always a carefree guy, with an edge and eagerness for adventure and to experience new things, but once Maya entered the picture, Caden's whole world shifted, and she became the center of his everything. 
Damon and Caden grew up together, and they shared many hardships. Damon is aware that Caden will never betray him, but Damon is confident that if Caden ever needs to pick between his loyalty to Damon and infatuation with Maya, Damon will be left hanging. 
Will Damon allow his world to change because of one girl? That's not going to happen. No way. He will fight this off. 
Damon decided to shower. 
Just the thought of Marcy touching him made him feel dirty and he needed to wash it off. 
As warm water caressed his body, images of the coppery colored hair flashed in front of his eyes, and he remembered the sweet citrusy scent of freesia… and he was aroused again. 
"Damn it!", Damon cursed and gripped his shaft. 
He is not the one who usually helps himself because there are always girls willing to please him, but this was an emergency, so he started pumping. 
Ah, if he knew it will come to this, he wouldn't chase away Marcy. Not until he comes at least. 
'Do you think you can orgasm with just any girl?', his wolf spoke. 
Damon's hand stopped moving. 'What do you mean?' 
'Being with another girl will hurt our mate. Can you hurt our mate?' 
A mental image of Talia's petrified expression flashed in front of Damon's eyes, and he cursed under his breath. 
'Great! You made me see that, how can I finish?', Damon grumbled. 
'Maybe instead of jerking off you should go and find our mate!', his wolf growled. 
"Shit!", Damon exclaimed and turned off the hot water while hoping that the cold shower will help him settle down. 
Damon changed into fresh clothes and was on his way out of the room when someone knocked on the door. It was Nora. 
"Alpha Damon…", she called his name in a singing voice when he opened the door. "Alpha Edward and Beta Raymond returned, and Alpha Edward is in the study. He said that you can join him anytime it works for you. I'm here to show you the way." 
Damon frowned. Yes. Alpha Edward. Marcy. That's why he is here. 
"I'm ready now. Please, lead the way." 
Nora smiled and gestured to her left. 
When her father said that he will inform Alpha Damon that Alpha Edward is waiting for him, Nora offered to deliver the message instead of her father. 
Nora was hoping that Damon will say how he will see Alpha Edward later, and then she would offer to wait in his room and then… ah, the possibilities. 
… 
In the study… 
"Alpha Damon…", Marcy's father greeted Damon. "I hope your trip went well and that so far things are in order. I apologize for not welcoming you personally when you arrived, but I had urgent matters to take care of. I'm sure you understand." 
"Of course…", Damon responded with a straight face. 
Yes, he understood that this is how Alpha Edward showed disrespect. 
Scouts found something suspicious? There should be a report and someone issuing orders. There was no need for Alpha himself to investigate. It was obvious that was a lame excuse for Alpha Edward to avoid welcoming Alpha Damon personally. 
Damon knows very well what Alpha Edward thinks of him. 
"How was your trip?", Alpha Edward asked. 
Damon was not in the mood for exchanging meaningless pleasantries. "Trip was fine. Your wife showed us to our rooms, and lunch was satisfying. Your daughter is interested in us getting to know each other better, but I wanted to talk to you first." 
"Talk to me? About what?" 
"About what do you want.", Damon went to the point. 
Alpha Edward chuckled awkwardly. "I want for my daughter to have a good husband, and to be taken care of. You are available and fulfill all the criteria. At the same time, Marcy is a beautiful young lady who has all the skills to be a remarkable Luna. Did you expect something else?" 
Damon narrowed his eyes. "When you put it that way, it sounds like you are not getting anything out of it." 
"What would I be getting? Once you and Marcy are married, she will live with you. I only hope that you will let her visit us occasionally. Of course, I would love to visit as well, but I am busy with managing my pack and training James, and I'm not having much free time so maybe I will visit you when James takes over. I can spend some time with my grandkids." 
Damon clenched his teeth in irritation. How can this old fart say that he is too busy to visit, yet he requested that Damon stays with him for a few days? Shameless! 
Damon stood up from the chair and stuffed his hands in his jeans pockets. 
"Alpha Edward, we will leave tomorrow this time. Until then, think about all the conditions you want to attach with me being close to Marcy. I want to know all parts of the deal before I agree to anything, and I am not a man who changes the conditions on the fly. If you try to reach for anything that's mine, there will be consequences." 
Alpha Edward's lips twitched. "Are you threatening me?" 
"No. I am giving you a heads up." 
---
###Chapter 12 - Denial
'How do I find her?', Damon asked his wolf as soon as he stepped out of Alpha Edward's study. 
'Follow your nose.' 
Damon tried sniffing around. He went to the main floor, second floor, and… nothing. 
He wondered if the girl is even real, or if he imagined it. 
Damon is an Alpha and his senses are sharper than the ones of a regular werewolf, yet he couldn't pick up her scent. He was confused. 
Without any clues, he decided to wait for Marcy who said that she will investigate which Omega was on the towel duty. 
Damon plopped on the bed and took this opportunity to re-think the situation. 
His wolf told him that the girl is his mate, but she escaped. Shouldn't mates be attracted to each other? 
'Stupid!', Damon's wolf growled. 'What did you think she should do, when you had Miss Barbie between your legs? Did you expect her to jump into your arms happily?' 
'Damn it! I forgot about it!' He really did. The moment his eyes landed on Talia, Marcy became not important. 
'What if she hates me? Do I want her to like me?', Damon mused. 
'What do you mean?', his wolf responded with disapproval obvious in his voice. 'I know that you don't like women latching onto you, but this one is different.' 
'How different?' 
'For starters, she is not latching onto you. The Moon Goddess paired you up with her for a reason. Don't do anything stupid until you find out what that reason is. You can't deny yourself this.' 
Damon didn't respond. 
So far, he saw every woman as a nuisance. Not because he thought he will fall for a woman, but because they are needy, whiny, and they easily assume the role like they are the boss of everything. 
And this is mate. If he stays close to her, he WILL fall for her. Completely. She will manipulate him, and he will be happy to do cartwheels every time she feels like watching a circus. Isn't that dangerous? 
Damon decided to leave these thoughts for later. Or maybe for never. 
The best thing to do is to focus. He came here for a reason. Once he completes his task, he will leave and forget that he ever saw that copper-colored hair, and those big doe eyes. 
To keep himself busy, Damon grabbed his laptop and started working. 
He is a busy Alpha and there is always something that requires his attention. 
… 
Later that afternoon, Marcy came to Damon's room again. 
He was working and he acknowledged her presence with only a quick glance. 
Marcy understood that whatever he did, it was something important, and she didn't want to interrupt. 
Marcy sat on the sofa chair opposite Damon and observed him in silence. This gave her ample time to take in his features, and the more she looked at him, the more attracted she was. Damon is very handsome, and his stern expression while focusing on work left her breathless. 
She could literally feel the power radiating from him, and she was excited at the thought that she will be his Luna. Marcy will be able to walk with her head held high and no one will dare to look down on her because her possessive Alpha will grind them into a meat paste. 
Marcy found her favorite pastime: staring at Damon. 
She could do that all day and not get bored of it. Occasionally, the image of George would show up at the back of her mind, but Marcy suppressed it quickly. She is the princess. How can an Omega compare to an Alpha? 
Marcy wondered why Damon didn't ask about the girl who interrupted them earlier that day. 
She would tell him that she found out it's a lowly girl who hides in the attic and no one likes her. Omegas told Marcy that Talia is sneaky and skims at work, and Marcy went to deal with her only to find that the door of the attic was locked. Marcy used her sweet voice, and after a short persuasion, Talia opened the door, and then Marcy showed Talia her place. 
Marcy was confident that Damon would approve how she dealt with the scrawny girl who intruded on their time, but he didn't ask about it, so Marcy assumed that Damon already looked at her as his Luna, someone who would deal with issues within the pack and not disturb him. She liked that. 
'KNOCK! KNOCK!' 
The light knocks on the door sounded louder than normal in the otherwise silent room. 
"Alpha Damon, dinner will be served in ten minutes…", a female voice was heard from the outside. 
Marcy stood up and opened the door. 
"Thank you for letting us know…", Marcy said to the Omega who was flustered. "Tell mother that will be there on time." 
The Omega nodded fervently, like chicken pecking rice, and left with hurried steps. 
Damon smirked when he noticed Marcy's prideful posture. By answering the door, Marcy sent a message that she was in his room, and she spoke for both of them, like they are a couple. 
This confirmed his suspicion that Marcy is not a simple girl. 
'Caden…', Damon called his Beta through their mind link. 'We need to wrap this up quickly. We are leaving tomorrow morning.' 
'I thought…' 
'Tomorrow morning.', Damon interrupted Caden. 
Damon confirmed that both Alpha Edward and Marcy are scheming something, and he didn't want to stay longer than necessary. 
If all goes according to plan, by tomorrow morning he will tarnish Marcy's reputation and find out more about Alpha Edward's plans. After that, they will leave. 
The additional complication was the copper-haired girl. Her existence made Damon restless. That girl was an unexpected variable and for the first time in a long time, Damon was not sure how to deal with the situation. 
Dinner was similar to lunch, with the addition of Alpha Edward, his son James, and Beta Raymond joining them. 
The sitting arrangement was different, with Alpha Edward at the head of the table, Damon on his right, and Marcy sitting next to Damon. 
'What happened?', Maya asked Damon through the mind link. 
'Why do you think that something happened?', Damon responded with a question. 
'Because Marcy is talking to you and you are not acknowledging her presence.', Maya responded. 
Damon realized that she was right. Marcy was talking something, yet he was spacing out. He was not even sure what he was eating. 
Damon forced himself to focus. It's not like him to be absentminded. 
'What did you find on Marcy?', Damon asked both Maya and Caden. 
Caden responded. 'Nothing we could use. She came back a few days ago from Europe, and since then she is the perfect daughter of an Alpha.' 
Damon frowned. 'What does that mean?' 
'Marcy obeys her parents and does what she is supposed to do. She is not even bullying the servants.', Maya said. 'Alpha's daughters are usually haughty, but maybe life with humans changed Marcy's personality and she is kind.' 
Damon glanced at Marcy and smiled while talking to Maya and Caden. 'Keep digging. Contact our people in Europe and see what they can find out. Marcy is a white lotus, and I don't believe that she has no skeletons in her closet.' 
'Aye-aye, boss!', Caden responded jokingly. When he saw Damon frowning at him, Caden cleared his throat and said seriously, 'I'm on it. Don't worry. Our people are already working on it, from the moment Elder Parker sent his first request. I will tell them to prepare reports and by morning we will know exactly what this Miss was doing in Europe in the last ten years…' 
Their plan was to find dirt on Marcy and discredit her as Damon's Luna. In this way, they will slap Alpha Edward and Elder Parker as well. This strategy has yielded the best results so far. 
Sure, Damon can just reject Marcy and skip these silly games, but that will label him as a rebel, and other than, "Because I felt like it", he won't have any other explanation for his outrageous behavior while Alpha Edward can accuse him of being unreasonable and bullying Marcy. 
Alpha Damon is a powerful Alpha, and members of his pack respect him, but there are many who are lurking in the shadows and waiting for Damon to cross the line, to make a mistake, to provoke someone he shouldn't… and Damon is aware of this. 
Normally, Damon would be more enthusiastic about this play. After all, Marcy is a fine-looking she-wolf, and pretending for a day or two to indulge Alpha Edward will pay off several folds once Damon bares his teeth. But today, Damon was restless and he couldn't wait to get out of this situation where he doesn't have full control. 
---
###Chapter 13 - Resistance
After dinner, they all moved to the living room where desserts and drinks were served. 
Caden and Maya had a mission, and after one drink they went to take a stroll in the garden before heading to bed. 
Before calling it a night, Caden and Maya will roam through the packhouse of the Red Moon pack, looking for an opportunity to eavesdrop on some conversations from the Omegas, or maybe even join in and ask questions. 
Damon's wolf was fidgety, craving to inhale the sweet citrusy scent of freesia and locate its source, despite Damon telling him how that's not going to happen. 
After an unknown measure of time, Damon stood up abruptly. "I will retire for the night." 
Everyone looked at Damon with confusion obvious on their faces, but Damon pretended like he didn't notice. 
He turned to Alpha Edward. "I hope that after breakfast we can continue our discussion from this afternoon." 
Without waiting for Alpha Edward to respond, Damon went to his room. 
He opened the window of his room and took a deep breath. 
'Damn it. What's wrong with me?' 
'You know what's wrong, and you know how to fix it.', his wolf responded. 'Why are you resisting? This is a fight you can't win.' 
Damon rubbed his face forcibly. He knew that his wolf was telling him to find Talia (aka the girl with the coppery colored hair), but Damon had no intention of succumbing to this temptation. 
Damon is a stubborn guy who needs to be in control. He always hated when someone tried to manipulate him, and this time, his own nature was making him feel and do strange things. 
He will NOT give in! 
"May I come in?" 
Damon swiftly turned toward the door to see Marcy peeking in. He wondered if she even knocked, but then… even if she did, he probably wouldn't notice. 
He was never this distracted! 
What if that was an enemy? Damon would be a sitting duck! That copper-haired girl is already causing him to be weak, and he didn't even acknowledge their mate bond. 
For Damon, this only proved that the girl is dangerous, and he should stay away from her. No matter how tedious it is to fight against his urges, it's better than being dead. 
"Why are you here?", Damon asked Marcy dryly. 
His mood was sour and it showed. 
Marcy took his question as an OK to enter. She closed the door behind her and walked toward Damon, stopping when she was one step away from him. 
"You look tense…", Marcy said while reluctantly putting her palms on Damon's firm chest. "I can help you relax." 
Damon's lips lifted into a half-smirk. "And how would you do that?" 
Marcy licked her lips while remembering the velvety texture of him in her mouth. It was hot and firm and big, and she wanted to caress him with her tongue. 
"I know that nothing is confirmed, but technically, we are engaged.", Marcy said breathily. 
Damon observed her fingers as they moved slightly. She was feeling him out over the thin fabric of his shirt. 
He noticed a big ring on her right middle finger, it was an oval-shaped ruby with small diamonds surrounding it. One more luxurious accessory that matches the style of the Redmayne family. 
Damon looked at her almond-shaped blue eyes, straight nose, and full lips, and he confirmed that she is ively an attractive woman. 
'Don't do anything you will regret later!', his wolf growled. 
'Stay out of this!', Damon spat back. 
His wolf snorted. 'You will regret this…' And then he retracted at the back of Damon's mind. 
Damon could feel his wolf's anger and dejection, but he decided to ignore it. 
Unaware of the conversation Damon had with his wolf, Marcy inched closer to Damon and she smiled seductively. "I can…" 
Before Marcy could finish her thought, Damon's hand landed at the back of her head, and he pulled her closer for a kiss. 
His tongue plundered her mouth mercilessly, no one ever kissed her like that. Even with a kiss, Damon was exerting his dominance, letting her know what it means to face an Alpha and making her heady in the process. 
She had no idea at what point they reached the bed. 
They sank in the mattress with Damon on top and Marcy gasped for air for a brief moment before Damon sealed her lips again with his. 
His touch was not gentle or caring. Damon was venting his frustration as he searched for a way to release the tension that suffocated him, and the scent of Marcy's arousal hit him hard. 
Marcy's mind was in a tizzy. She felt his hand work up her thigh with urgency, all the way to her hip where he found the edge of her panties and she jolted when he ripped them in one swift move. 
Damon's hand moved toward the cradle of her thighs, and she moaned into his mouth when his finger glided between her drenched folds, teasing and prodding as he was closing in toward her tight entrance. 
Marcy snapped from her stupor and grabbed his hand. There was nothing wrong with touching and petting, but she had a feeling that Damon will not stop at that. 
"Not before…" 
Damon growled in frustration when he realized that Marcy changed her mind. "What happened with, we are technically engaged? Are you saving yourself for marriage?" 
Marcy was flustered and it took her a few long seconds to collect herself and respond, "Not necessarily marriage, but I at least need to know that we are going in that direction. We can do other stuff. I'm OK with anal or giving you a blow job." 
Damon shook his head in disapproval. He pushed himself off the bed and ran his hand through his hair. 
Damon would never force himself on a woman. A no is a no, and he respects that. But Marcy pissed him off. She came onto him and then she stopped him, and now she listed conditions? Who does she think she is? What kind of a game is she playing? 
"Get out." 
Marcy didn't get it. She clarified things she was willing to do, and he told her to get out? "What?" 
"I said… GET OUT!" 
Marcy looked at Damon's eyes which stirred with endless violence, and she swallowed hard. 
Other than being scared shitless by Damon's overwhelming Alpha's command, she was convinced that Damon will kill her if she doesn't obey right that instant. 
Marcy scrambled off the bed and dashed out. 
Damon returned to the window and leaned over the windowsill. He looked at the crescent moon and exhaled in frustration. 
"Is this what you planned for me?", Damon asked under his breath, even though he knew that the Moon Goddess will not respond. She never responds. 
They say that the Moon Goddess has a plan for everyone, that everything has a purpose, but Damon doubts it. 
What's the purpose of his parents dying unexpectedly? What's the purpose of him doing his best for the Dark Howlers pack only to be labeled as cruel? What's the purpose of him being the Alpha of the largest pack, when so many others want to manipulate him? What's the purpose of his power if he has to play by the rules others set? And finally… what's the purpose of him finding his mate? 
Damon didn't want any of it. 
If he had one wish, he would want to become a nobody, invisible, someone who could move without being noticed or coveted. He would live a modest life and do whatever he wants to do, when he wants to do it, and this… No matter how Damon looks at this, it seems that the Moon Goddess is set on torturing him. 
Damon often wishes to escape from everything, but those are only fleeting thoughts he knows will never come true. 
The responsibility for the Dark Howlers pack is ingrained into Damon and he will never be able to leave. Tens of thousands of people are looking up to him, their Alpha. They are relying on him that he will keep them safe and lead them to a better future and that's what Damon swore to do. 
'Hey… Can we talk?', Damon spoke to his wolf, only to be met with silence in response. 
Damon could feel that his wolf was sulking in disapproval of what just happened. Well, nothing happened, but if Marcy didn't stop him, it would happen. 
Damon threw his arms in the air angrily. 'Fine! Stay quiet!' 
---
###Chapter 14 - Dirt That Can’t Be Washed
Damon stared at the moon in silence for an unknown measure of time, when a knock on the door got his attention. 
'Did Marcy come to pick up what's left of her panties, or did she change her mind?', Damon mused. 
No one else would come at this hour. Caden and Maya use mind link to communicate, like always, so that others don't overhear them. 
Damon went to open the door and to his surprise, Nora's smiling face entered his vision. 
She took a deep breath of his masculine scent and her arousal swelled. She knew that he can smell her and she was not bashful about what she wanted. 
"Good evening, Alpha Damon…", she greeted him. "I noticed the light in your room, and since you left early wishing to rest, I wondered if you have trouble sleeping and if I can help you somehow." 
Even without the scent of her arousal, Nora's sultry look told Damon what's on her mind, but he still asked, "How can you help me, Miss Nora?" 
Nora smiled when Damon stepped into the room, silently giving her permission to enter. She closed the door behind her before answering, "I can make you calming tea, sing you a song, give you a massage, or offer myself. Not necessarily in that order." 
Damon nodded in approval. He likes when women are direct. No games. 
"What makes you think that your friend, Marcy, didn't help me relax already?", Damon asked with a smirk and his eyes darted to the side. 
Nora followed where he looked, and her eyes widened when she saw torn panties on the floor. 
After a moment of surprise, Nora was back to her smiling face. "It doesn't matter what Marcy did. You are still awake and I'm willing. The only question is, are you going to accept my offer?" 
"Won't your friend, Marcy, be upset to know what you are offering?" 
Nora cocked an eyebrow. "I won't tell if you don't." 
Damon's eyes flashed in agreement. "Undress." 
With haste, Nora removed her skirt and blazer. She was fumbling with the buckles of her bra because her fingers were shaking. 
Internally, Nora was screaming from excitement. She couldn't believe this was happening! 
Just yesterday she was still thinking that Alpha Damon will come and how it will be good if she can take a photo or two, but it seems she will get much more than just a photo. 
Nora wondered if she should undress him also. Domineering guys like Damon usually love when a woman serves them. She will remove his pants and suck him off and they will take it from there. 
Nora was still fumbling with her bra when Damon pushed her on the bed, face first. 
Damon tapped the insides of her legs, indicating for Nora to spread them. 
In one swift move, he tore her panties and Nora bit her lower lip while trembling in anticipation of what's coming. 
Nora was dripping wet and she thought of taking the initiative to touch and kiss him, but this was fine also. 
It was just a small nudge at her entrance and then Damon entered her in one swift move and Nora screamed into the mattress. No matter how wet she was, it didn't prepare her for his size. 
Damon wrapped her hair around his hand, pulling Nora's head toward him and her back arched. 
"Stay down.", he growled. 
With his free hand, he gripped her hip, holding her in place. 
Nora fisted the silky bed cover as Damon pounded himself inside her until she saw stars. He was like a beast, ravishing her from behind and she loved it. 
It was her first time with an Alpha and Damon blew her mind. 
Nora had no idea how long it lasted. She was sweaty and struggling to breathe when he released her after a groan. 
"Leave before I come back", Damon ordered breathily, and Nora nodded weakly as he went to the bathroom. 
A few seconds later, she heard the shower running, and she pushed herself to sit on the bed. 
Her insides throbbed in the aftermath of the wild ride she experienced. Nora touched herself, wondering if he came inside her because her back was dry, but there was no semen, which confirmed that he wore a condom. 
'Pity…', Nora thought while getting her clothes back on. 
Yes, she came with the hope for a steamy session, but now that she got this much, she couldn't help but wish for more. 
Damon was not gentle or caring. He was fierce and domineering, just how Nora imagined an Alpha would be. 
It was obviously just a hookup, but she still orgasmed twice. By any standards, it was amazing. 
Nora would love to brag about this to everyone. She knows that Alpha Damon would never make her his Luna, but having him inside her was still a big feat. However, if Alpha Edward or Luna Layla find out about this, she will be in big trouble, so she needs to keep it for herself. 
Nora doesn't care much about Marcy. How Nora sees it, Marcy is playing hard to get in the stupid role of an ice queen and even if Alpha Damon shagged Marcy earlier that evening, it was obvious that he was not satisfied and that's why he gave Nora this wild ride. 
Nora wondered if Damon enjoyed it as well. Well, he came, so it was good. 
A brilliant idea popped into Nora's mind. Maybe when Marcy marries Damon, Nora can move to the Dark Howlers pack also with an excuse of giving Marcy company as her best friend. 
Nora smiled at the possibilities. If Marcy didn't satisfy him tonight, there will be more chances when Nora can serve Alpha Damon. Guys like him always have women on the side. 
Marcy is not Damon's mate, so their bond won't be foolproof even after they mark each other. 
If Alpha Damon wants Nora's company, Marcy will need to suck it up. 
Nora giggled while making her way out of Damon's room. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author. Thank you! -- 
… 
Damon got out of the shower, and he was pleased to confirm that Nora left. He likes when they don't linger. 
He sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed his forehead forcibly. 
'I told you, but you don't listen.', his wolf said. 'Why do you always need to learn the hard way?' 
'Shut up!', Damon spat back. 
Banging a woman should help him relax, but now he was tenser. 
He was pissed and aroused after fondling with Marcy, and there was nothing wrong with Nora, but only after he imagined that the hair he is holding is copper-colored, he found his release. And after it was done, he saw that the hair in his hand was brown, and he felt dirty and no amount of scrubbing under the shower helped him feel better. 
'You can't wash a guilty conscience.', his wolf said. 
'Guilty conscience? It's not like I cheated!', Damon shouted mentally. 'I don't even know her name or if she is real! I'm a free man. Why would I feel guilt for touching a woman who came onto me willingly when I needed a release?' 
'Keep saying that, if it will make you feel better.' 
Damon was not willing to acknowledge that his wolf was right. For the first time in his life, Damon felt bad after bedding a woman. Well, maybe not bad, but not good either. 
It was like eating tofu. He got what he wanted, but his stomach was still empty and there was no satisfaction that a meal should provide. 
'How long will this last?', Damon asked dejectedly. 
There must be some expiration date on whatever craziness he was going through, and after that, he can return to normal. 
'It will last until you accept the reality.' 
Damon was frustrated. Is his wolf telling him that sex won't feel good anymore, or to accept the copper-haired girl as his mate? Or maybe those two are the same. 'What reality?' 
'Why are you playing stupid? You know I can feel everything you do. The bond is proof that the pleasure of flesh is not enough. To experience more, you need our mate.' His wolf snorted. 'There is no point in talking to you. Do whatever you want, but if you go against the order and mess up, don't ask for my help…' 
Damon shoved a hand in his hair irritably. 
His wolf always told him to follow his instincts. That's what werewolves do, and it helped him in many tricky situations. But this was not facing rogues or dealing with scheming enemies. This was an unknown scrawny girl with copper-colored hair that made him feel all kinds of uncertainties he didn't want to acknowledge. 
---
###Chapter 15 - Encounter In The Kitchen
It was past two o'clock in the morning, and Damon was unable to sleep. 
His room was facing the garden and there was a forest in the distance. Damon decided to go for a run. That should help him clear his mind. 
Ideally, Damon would shift into his wolf form. Feeling the soil and grass under his paws as the wind runs through his fur always feels good. However, he is in the territory of the Red Moon pack and if his wolf is seen, it will be perceived as a challenge, a threat. 
He came here to see what Alpha Edward is plotting, and not to start a war. 
Damon descended the stairs and reached the main floor. He took a turn toward the door that leads to the garden when the sweet citrusy scent of freesia got his attention. 
Without thinking, Damon's legs moved, and he found himself in the part of the packhouse he didn't visit before. The kitchen. 
The main light was off, but he could see the surroundings among heavy shadows because the fridge was open. 
And there he saw a small figure sticking out of the refrigerator. 
Looking from behind, based on her size he estimated that she can't be more than fifteen, maybe sixteen years old. 
Damon stalked toward her, and he stopped when he was only half a step behind her. 
He took a deep breath and her sweet scent made him dizzy, urging him to get closer and maybe lick or bite her. He wondered if her taste will be so addictive as well. 
"Mhm…", Damon cleared his throat, and she jumped in fright. 
"Aw!", Talia stifled a cry when her head bumped into the shelf of the refrigerator. 
She turned swiftly toward the source of the noise and her eyes widened in horror when her eyes met Damon's. 
She recognized him. It's the important guest. The same one whose private time with Marcy she interrupted. 
Talia cursed her luck. 
After Marcy visited her in the attic, Talia didn't dare to move until all the sounds in the packhouse died down. She thought that she should just stay there until Marcy and others forget about her, but she was hungry, and she searched for something cold to relieve her pain. 
If Talia knew that she will bump into this scary guy, she would stay upstairs hungry and endure the pain. It wouldn't be the first time; the only difference is that the previous injuries were from other Omegas, and this time princess Marcy acted. 
Before this afternoon, Talia thought that Marcy was a kind person, but she is not. 
Between Marcy and Anna, Talia prefers Anna who doesn't pretend to be nice only to bully Talia when she doesn't expect it. At least she knew to be wary of Anna, while Marcy smiled and said sweet words only to get close. 
Talia looked at Damon fearfully. 
Will he punish her also? Why is he narrowing his eyes at her? She felt the urgency to leave. 
Talia didn't know that Damon was squinting in an effort to identify her features clearly. The light was behind her, and heavy shadows veiled her face. 
"I'm sorry…", Talia said in a shaky voice and lowered her head before stepping to the side, trying to find her exit. 
Damon extended his arm, blocking her path. "What are you sorry for?" 
He was irked. Is she avoiding him? 
Every girl would do community service for some one-on-one time with Damon, and this girl wants to flee. 
Talia bit her lower lip. How is she supposed to answer his question? She reminded herself not to mention what she saw this afternoon in the guest bedroom. With any luck, he won't know that was her. 
"I'm sorry for getting in your way", Talia responded. "If you excuse me…" 
"Wait!" Damon called, preventing her from leaving. Wasn't she looking for something in the fridge? 
A side of Talia's face was illuminated, and Damon frowned. 
He grabbed her chin roughly and delightful sparks prickled his fingers and spread up his arm, confirming what his wolf said. Mate. 
He never felt anything like it. 
Damon could sense his wolf wagging its tail in delight, and Damon would enjoy this sensation if not for Talia's ragged appearance. 
Damon forced Talia to lift her head so that he can see her face against the light the open refrigerator provided. 
Talia's beautiful doe-like eyes blinked at him, but Damon's daze lasted only for a moment before his sight moved over her injuries. 
Her upper lip was busted, and she had a bruise under her left eye and even her right cheek had dark purple marks. 
"What happened to your face?" 
Talia's breath hitched. "I fell." 
Damon didn't buy it. He saw consequences of many falls, and this was nothing like it. "That must be some nasty fall." 
He took another look at her and noticed bruises on her neck that were in the shape of fingers. Did someone choke her? 
Rage rippled through Damon. The thought that someone hurt Talia infuriated him beyond belief. 
His urge was to protect her, to see her smiling and happy and this… just what is this? 
"Who did this!?", Damon squeezed through his teeth angrily and Talia's whole body shook in fear. 
There was no way that she would say anything. It will only bring more trouble. 
How can she say that it was princess Marcy? Aren't this scary Alpha and Marcy on good terms? If she speaks up, at best he won't believe her and there is a high chance she gets another beating. He was already angry, and she didn't want to be in the vicinity when he blows up. 
"No one. Please. Can I leave?" 
Damon released Talia's chin and held her shoulder. Even through the coarse fabric of her sweatshirt, Damon felt faint prickles on his palm that made him crave for more. Mate. 
Damon focused mightily on inspecting her face, especially the purple mark on her right cheek. It was oval with small dots around it and somehow it reminded Damon of the ring he saw earlier that evening… a ring on Marcy's hand. 
'Stop scaring the girl…', the wolf spoke in Damon's head. 
Damon looked at Talia and he pressed his lips into a line when he saw the horror in her eyes. 
Damon's attention moved to her shoulder under his palm, and he realized how small and fragile she was. He guessed that if he exerts a bit of pressure, he can probably crush her. 
Reluctantly, Damon released her shoulder, trying not to make any sudden movements in order not to scare her more. 
"I will not hurt you.", he said as calmly as he could, but her unchanged expression told him that she didn't believe him. 
Why would she believe him? So far, people either ignored her or bullied her. And those are people who live in this pack. Why would a stranger treat her better? And the stranger in front of her was intimidating. 
'She is probably abused.', his wolf said, and Damon's closed his eyes in an attempt to contain another rush of rage that swelled inside him. 
Abused. Someone abused his mate! 
Damon took a deep breath, the sweet citrusy scent of freesia made him lightheaded, like a drug that helped him relax. It was addictive. He greedily inhaled again and again, and it took him a few breaths to detect that the scent was getting fainter. 
Damon opened his eyes and realized that he was alone in the kitchen. She left, and he didn't notice. Was she even real or did he imagine her? 
'Imagine my foot!', his wolf grumbled. 'Use that nose of yours and track her down!' 
Damon snapped to his senses and followed his nose outside, toward the garden. 
---
###Chapter 16 - Understanding The Bond
Damon stopped in the middle of the garden and took a deep breath in search of Talia. 
The wind mixed in the scent of freesia with hydrangea and roses and scattered them in random directions, and… "Shit!", Damon cursed under his breath. "I lost her." 
'Why did she leave?', Damon asked his wolf. 
'Maybe because you scared the soul out of her.' 
Damon was confused. 'I scared her?' 
'The girl is abused and jumpy, yet you sneaked behind her. You prevented her from leaving, held her while demanding that she answers your questions, so yes. You scared her. And that was only the last five minutes. The first time you met, there was another she-wolf sucking you off and you shouted at this precious one to stop. It's not the best first impression, if I may say.' 
Damon cussed internally. He didn't want to think about the unpleasant things. 
He was unable to get Talia's image out of his mind. Damned mate bond! 
An idea hit him… 'Isn't she my mate? Why did she run away from me? If we are mates, she should have a need to get close to me, to touch me, yet I could see her desire to escape.' 
'I don't think she knows we are her mate.' 
'Is it because she is too young?', Damon guessed. 
'That's not the problem. She is small and skinny, but I'm confident that she is over eighteen years old.', his wolf paused, unsure how Damon will take this information. 'The thing is that… I can't sense her wolf.' 
'She is a human?', Damon asked with a frown. 
He never thought of having a mate, and he definitely didn't think that the Moon Goddess will arrange a human for him. They are weak and fragile, just like Talia. 
How can a powerful Alpha have a human for a mate? 
She would be like a crystal figurine in the middle of the room full of angry elephants. 
Damon's wolf was pleased to confirm how among all the emotions, Damon wished to keep Talia safe. It was a step in the right direction. 
'No, the girl is definitely a she-wolf. There are cases when someone was harmed or neglected, the wolf would sacrifice himself in order to protect the human part. Considering the injuries on her body, I could see that happening. And she was skinny and looking hungry.' 
Damon shoved his hand in his hair. 'I scared her away and she didn't get food…' He felt like crap. 'How do I fix this?' 
'What do you want to fix, your majesty?', his wolf asked sarcastically. 'Your plan is to shag Marcy and leave. Did that change? Do you want to find the girl, say sorry for being a jackass, and take her out for dinner?' 
Damon groaned in frustration and stared at the dark forest in the distance. 
He had no intention of dining and entertaining Talia or any other woman. He didn't want to get involved further. His mind was telling him to stay away from the girl with the copper-colored hair because with every second passing she was changing him in ways he didn't like. 
Damon craves control. He needs to be in charge, and Talia's existence is doing the opposite. 
He told himself to stop thinking about her and to move on. Can he stay away after getting a taste of her addictive scent? And the sparks upon touching her were phenomenal. 
Damon came out for a run, and now he didn't feel like running. He wanted to find Talia, but he had no idea where she disappeared. And even if he found her, Damon wouldn't know what to say. 
All this was super-confusing. 
… 
In the morning… 
'Are you guys up?', Damon spoke to Caden and Maya through the mind link. 
'We are now.', Caden grumbled. 
They have an understanding that nights are reserved for privacy between Caden and Maya, and unless it's something important, Damon will not disturb them. 
Technically, it was morning, but it was way too early. 
'The reports from Europe are still not ready. It's just past 5 in the morning.', Caden said, assuming that Damon was impatient to find out dirt on Marcy. 'We should receive them soon. I will call our men to confirm the status.' 
'That's not it.' 
'Did something happen?', Maya asked. 
'Caden, you come to my room?' 
'Coming…', Caden responded after a brief pause. 
… 
"What's going on?", Caden asked when he closed the door behind him. It took him a moment to realize that Damon doesn't look good. "Are you OK? Were you attacked?" 
Caden's eyes darted through the room and it took him a second to spot two pieces of torn fabric on the floor. Panties. 
Caden shook his head in disapproval. "I know you have good stamina. But don't get drained this much. You look like dog vomit." 
Damon was not in the mood to explain. He had other things on his mind. Things that kept him up the whole night. 
He tossed and turned in bed, and nightmares kept him awake. 
Damon dreamed about the copper-haired girl crying as dark shadows choked her. Damon wanted to help her but no matter how much he slammed into the invisible barrier between them, he couldn't get through. His shouts didn't do anything, yet he heard her every whimper clearly and he jolted out of his sleep every time the dark shadow hit her hard, drawing blood. 
Eventually, he gave up on sleeping and went to shower, trying to clear his mind but he was still restless so he decided to call Caden and try to get some answers. 
"How did you feel when you met Maya?" 
Caden's smile froze. What kind of a question was that? Damon always mocked the mate bond. Something was fishy. 
"Is Marcy your mate?", Caden guessed. 
Damon waved his hand impatiently. "Just answer my question." 
Caden puffed his checks while thinking. "Attraction, sparks, happiness. I needed Maya to be happy so that I can be happy. I mean… I thought I was happy before, but after I met Maya I realized that I was clueless." 
Damon shoved his hand into his messy hair. All this happiness talk didn't make sense. 
His wolf said that the girl is his mate, but the only thing Damon got was a fit of rage when he saw her hurt, inability to find her, and a sleepless night. None of them are happy. 
"Did you ever think about resisting it?" 
"Resisting Maya?", Caden asked in surprise. "Why would I do that? She was the best thing that ever happened to me. I waited for her, exactly her, for more than two decades. I would be an idiot to reject her." 
"Reject her…", Damon mumbled. 
"Yes. You can't resist the mate bond.", Caden explained when he saw Damon's perplexed expression. "The more time you spend with your mate, the bond is getting stronger. The only way to stop it is if you cut it at the root by rejecting your mate, and she accepts. But only idiots do that." 
"What if Maya is in danger because of you? What would you pick? Her safety or your happiness? What if the only way to keep her safe is to reject her?" 
Caden frowned. What's up with Damon? It looked like he lost his marbles. 
"What kind of nonsense is that? I can't be happy if Maya is harmed in any way. Her safety comes first. However, if we are apart we won't be happy. Rejection will harm us both so we might as well face that danger together." Caden scrutinized Damon. "I answered your questions, and now you answer mine. What's going on? Did you spend the night so deep in two pussies that they made you stupid?" 
"I don't know what's going on.", Damon responded irritably. "When I figure it out, I will let you know." 
"Alright.", Caden agreed. He knew that if Damon doesn't feel like talking, he won't say more. "We are leaving after breakfast, right?" 
Damon hesitated. Can he really leave without seeing the copper-haired girl again? Just one more time, to make sure her bruises healed, and maybe to touch her again and confirm that those sparks are real and he didn't imagine it. 
"Let me think about it. We might stay longer. I will talk to Alpha Edward after breakfast, and it will depend on that conversation." 
Caden exited the room, leaving behind Damon who was lost in thoughts. 
---
###Chapter 17 - Protecting Mate
'Are you thinking about rejecting the girl?', Damon's wolf asked. 
Damon let out a long breath. 'I need to protect her.' 
'If you want to protect her, you need to keep her close. Not reject her.', his wolf said sternly. 
They already talked about keeping Talia safe, but he was not close to finding a solution that will work. 
His wolf explained that without her wolf, Talia doesn't feel the bond, so she is not impacted by Damon's presence (or absence). 
At most, Talia will be attracted to him and if Damon wants to win her over, he will need to do it the human way: to romance her until she falls in love with him. Assuming that he succeeds, and she accepts him, it will not be a done deal. Without the mate bond, she can fall out of love at any time. 
Of course, if they go through the mating ceremony and he leaves his mark on her, the bond will be formed, but he would need to reach the point of the girl accepting him. What a mess. 
Damon has no idea how to court a girl, but he is confident that no one should know that Talia is his mate. 
Damon is aware that Alpha Edward is set on using Marcy in order to manipulate him, and Alpha Edward will have no qualms in using a lowly Omega against Damon. 
He can imagine that they will imprison Talia and blackmail Damon, and probably harm her as well. He won't allow it. 
It all went in circles, with every next scenario getting grimmer, and Damon was sick of it. 
Rejecting the girl or not, he had to ensure that Talia is treated better. 
Is she the only Omega to get a beating in the Red Moon pack? Probably not. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
After breakfast, Damon met with Alpha Edward in his office. 
Damon thought that his provocations from yesterday will be enough for Alpha Edward to lose his temper and reveal some information, but Damon realized that he underestimated Alpha Edward's patience. 
Other than, "I hope that if you need assistance of any kind, you will turn to me and you won't mind if I do the same", Alpha Edward didn't mention reaching out to Damon or to the Dark Howlers pack which left Damon wondering what's Alpha Edward's plan. 
Damon gave up on getting something directly from Alpha Edward. The old guy was too crafty, and Damon hoped that Maya and Caden found something useful because he was never good at this scheming business. 
Scheming aside, Damon had a serious topic to discuss. 
"Alpha Edward", Damon called seriously. "I wonder if you are aware of the treatment your Omegas get." 
Alpha Edward was visibly confused. "Can you elaborate on that?" 
"Are they getting paid? Fed? Treated well?" 
The old man frowned while turning defensive. He didn't like that Damon asked about the internal workings in his pack, it's no one's business, but he still responded. 
"I prefer strong warriors, but that doesn't mean I'm mistreating others. All Omegas have accommodation, three meals a day… actually, they have access to the kitchen and storage in common buildings, and they can make their own food whenever they are hungry. We don't bother with those, but I can assure you that no one is hungry. If you want to know about the compensation for their work, you can ask my Beta. I'm not clear what you mean about treating them well, but when they mess up related to their duties, we make them run laps or do pushups. It's good for their bodies. Is that what you would classify as a bad treatment?" 
"No.", Damon responded. "But when I see an Omega looking well, and a few hours later that same girl is all bruised up with a purple handprint on her neck, I get worried." 
More than worried. Enraged. 
Alpha Edward paused. "Maybe they had some dispute among themselves." 
Damon scrutinized the old man while wondering if he is really ignorant or just a good actor. Whichever it is, Damon wanted to make sure Alpha Edward knows Damon was not talking randomly. 
"Let's say I believe you and you have no idea about the mistreatment that happens under your roof. As an outsider, I don't want to meddle, so I suggest you talk to your daughter." 
"Marcy?" 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Alpha Edward. "Luna should watch over pack members and use soft skills to deal with challenges. Beating up my people will NOT be tolerated." 
Alpha Edward was visibly displeased. His main chip in pushing Marcy as Damon's Luna was that Marcy is flawless and if Damon found dirt on Marcy in one day that he was here, who knows what else he can find? 
Alpha Edward didn't know that Marcy harmed Talia, but he knew that Damon wouldn't make up stuff like this. Damon's words were too specific to be random. 
The old guy is collecting intel on Damon for some time, and he knows this tactic. Damon would find a trait that is clashing with a definition of a good Luna and blow it out of proportion. This is how Damon discredited many other women, and Alpha Edward had a bad premonition. 
"I will talk to Marcy about this.", Alpha Edward said solemnly. 
Damon smirked. "I'm counting on it." 
… 
Alpha Edward summoned Marcy to his study after Damon left. 
"How is your relationship with Damon?" 
Marcy had an idea that her father will ask about Damon, and she was ready for this. "We are getting along well." She had no intention to say that Damon chased her out of his room last night. 
"Do you think he has a good opinion of you? Did he invite you on a date? When will you move to the Dark Howlers pack? Did you discuss anything about your relationship and how things will work out once he leaves from here? Or will you go with him?", Alpha Edward was raining questions without giving Marcy chance to respond. 
"Alpha Damon had doubts if I can be his Luna, and I assured him how I'm perfect for the task. He was happy to hear that I'm proficient in handling the household, pack members, and finances." 
Alpha Edward was not happy with this response and he could see that Marcy was either avoiding something, or she and Damon didn't reach far. He decided to probe into the matter that was bothering him. 
"And how do you handle pack members?" 
Marcy didn't get it. "I talk to them and I'm approachable. I listen and…" 
"And then you beat them up?", Alpha Edward interrupted Marcy. 
Marcy frowned. "No. I don't beat them up." 
"Really? Alpha Damon thinks otherwise." His voice was rising. "He thinks that you beat them up black and blue and even choke them to the point of leaving handprints on their necks." 
Marcy paled. Why was her father angry? He is the one who says Omegas are a useless burden. 
Marcy is not a violent person, but what's wrong with teaching offenders a lesson? And who cares if one Omega gets hurt? 
She wanted to deny it, but the fury in her father's eyes told her that he already knows what she did in the attic on the previous day. Lying will only make things worse. 
"It's not as bad as it sounds, daddy.", Marcy said weakly. 
"And how is it?" 
"She barged into the room, and I had to teach her a lesson." 
Alpha Edward closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths to calm his nerves. "You taught an Omega a lesson by beating her because she forgot to knock?" 
Marcy wanted to say that it's not about knocking, but about the Omega seeing Marcy going down on Damon… but there was no way she will say that in front of her father. 
"What were you thinking?", Alpha Edward said in a strained voice as he struggled to contain his desire to give her a good beating. "Even if you want to play a sadistic game of hurting others, you don't do that when we have guests. And you DEFINITELY don't do that when the guest in question is an Alpha you are trying to impress as his future Luna!" 
---
###Chapter 18 - Whatever It Takes
Alpha Edward rubbed his temples and continued scolding Marcy, "Didn't you read the information on the Dark Howlers pack I gave you? Unless it's a serious crime, they don't resort to physical punishments. As a Luna, you need to be caring and gentle, not only toward your Alpha but toward every pack member. How will he take you in as his Luna if you are beating people for small mishaps? Only after you establish yourself you can do what you want, and until then you need to follow his rules." 
He looked at her grimly. 
"I hope, for your good, that you can fix this. If your stupid stunt ruins all plans I made, you will pay for it, Marcy." 
"Yes, father.", Marcy said submissively. 
'BAM!' 
Marcy jolted when her father smacked the desk. 
"Don't you, yes father, me! I want you to find Damon and make sure he accepts you as his Luna. Do whatever it takes. Do you understand?" 
Marcy nodded fervently and she was relieved when her father waved at her to leave. 
She rushed into her room, closed the door behind her, and released the breath she was holding. That was scary. 
Marcy washed her face, reapplied her makeup, and picked a fine dress that had just the right amount of cleavage before finding Damon. 
"Are you going out?", Marcy asked when she saw that Damon was in front of his room with Caden and Maya. 
"Your brother offered us a tour that includes observing warrior's training.", Caden responded. 
Marcy pursed her lips. She wanted to be with Damon and talk, but she doesn't want to get close to smelly soldiers. She hates all that dirt and sweat, and she stays away from the training grounds. 
"Can I help you, Marcy?", Damon asked dryly, and Marcy noticed that he was much colder to her than yesterday. 
Damon didn't pay attention to her during breakfast, and she assumed he was sulking because she told him to stop the previous night, but now she knew that it was also about the wretched girl who hides in the attic (aka Talia). 
Marcy was anxious. Was Damon thinking that she is violent in nature while wearing a smiling mask in public? Does he see her as a two-faced woman? That was a possibility. 
No wonder her father was angry. Who would marry a woman like that? She cursed internally. Instead of showing him her best and dazzle him, she ended up rejecting him last night and he found out about her little mishap. 
"I was hoping that we can have a word and clarify a few things.", Marcy said to Damon sweetly. 
Damon glanced at Caden who nodded in understanding. 
Maya and Caden left, and Damon and Marcy entered Damon's room. 
Marcy threw herself at Damon and hugged him tightly. 
After an awkward second, Damon pried her arms open and held her by the elbows one step away from him. 
"What are you doing?", he asked stiffly. 
"I'm sorry." 
"What are you sorry for?" 
"My behavior yesterday was not acceptable." 
Damon had a good guess that Marcy was scolded by her father, but he didn't know if she was talking about beating up Talia or about leaving his room. And there was also a possibility that Marcy did something else, and he didn't know about it. 
"You came here to apologize.", Damon summarized and released her arms. "Do it without physical contact." 
Marcy nodded. "I also want to fix it." 
Damon was confused. What was she talking about? How can she fix anything that already happened? 
The best thing was to ask questions and not jump to conclusions. 
Damon leisurely walked to the sofa chair and sat on it before asking, "How will you fix it?" 
Marcy took in a shaky breath. His domineering posture turned her on a little. 
"Last night… I was not thinking straight. I said some things and I didn't mean it." 
Damon smirked as he guessed which way this is going. "You didn't mean that you will give me a blow job, or you didn't mean that anal was fine?" 
Marcy swallowed down her embarrassment. "I mean… I said that we should at least know that we are on the path of marriage, and we are, so… I'm fine with whatever you want." 
"And what if I want to fuck your pussy?" 
Marcy's eyes widened. His choice of words caught her by surprise. It was direct. 
"I'm fine with that.", she responded. 
Damon felt a mix of rage and excitement. 
Marcy left him hanging and if she thought that offending an Alpha comes without a price to pay, she was up to a nasty surprise. 
"Good. Undress." 
Two front buttons of her dress came undone, and the dress slid down her body, bunching around her ankles. 
Marcy stood in front of Damon, wearing blue lacy underwear that didn't leave anything to the imagination. 
Damon's expression was unreadable as he observed Marcy's flawless body for a few seconds and then he pointed at her bra and panties. "All of it." 
She didn't hesitate, fearing that even one second will make one of them change their mind. 
Marcy kicked her panties to the side and lifted her gaze. She frowned at the sight of Damon pointing his phone at her. Is he taking photos or a video? 
"What are you doing?" 
Damon smiled wickedly. "Memories of our first time, baby. Turn around. Let me see you." 
Marcy didn't like that he was holding onto a phone, but she obeyed and slowly turned around, showing him her luscious curves from every angle. 
"Come here…", Damon instructed while pointing at the low coffee table. "Put your palms on it." 
Marcy realized that he wants her to bend. She hesitated. 
"Are we doing this or not? If not, there is a training ground for me to check." 
Marcy gritted her teeth in annoyance and walked to the coffee table before placing her palms on the cold surface. 
Damon stood up and circled around her until he got a good view of her from behind. 
"Spread your legs. More… more… good. Perk up that ass…", Damon instructed, and Marcy obeyed. 
She felt the coldness at the cradle of her thighs, and she couldn't believe that she got aroused by Damon bossing her around. There was even some wetness dripping down her leg. 
Marcy always thought that she is the domineering one, but Damon proved her otherwise. 
Marcy jolted when she felt his finger gliding between her drenched folds. 
"You are flooding, Marcy. You like this, don't you?" 
"Yes.", she responded breathily. 
"Yes, what?", Damon asked. 
"Yes, I like it." 
She started rocking her hips against his hand, and he pulled his hand away. 
"Don't move.", he ordered and when she nodded in understanding, he put his hand back there and continued teasing her. 
"What do you like, Marcy? Say it." 
Marcy moaned. It was difficult to talk while he was expertly toying with her clit. "I like when you touch my pussy." 
Damon hummed in approval. "Whose pussy is this?" 
She couldn't believe how good it felt. She was sprawled for him to see and touch and do whatever he wanted, and his domineering attitude with skillful ministrations set her body ablaze. 
"Yours." 
"What do you want me to do, Marcy?" 
"I want you to…", Marcy moaned. "Fuck me." 
"How do you want me to fuck you, Marcy? I need details. The more the better." 
"I want you to put your big cock in my pussy and fuck me hard. Make me scream, Alpha Damon." 
Damon removed his hand, and she missed his touch immediately. 
Without any warning, Damon slapped her buttcheek harshly and she jolted in surprise. The pink palm-print appeared immediately on her perfectly white skin. 
Marcy moaned wantonly as the sharp pain radiated through her body while morphing into pleasure. 
Marcy tilted her hips, exposing herself further in anticipation of what he will do next. 
She really wanted him to touch her down there. This mind-numbing level of arousal was new to her. But Damon's hand was not back there where she wanted it the most. 
Marcy thought that maybe he is removing his pants and she looked at the back only to see Damon with his clothes intact, keeping his phone away. 
"You are a slut, Marcy. Get dressed." 
His words were like someone poured a bucket of ice on her. "What?" 
"Me fucking you is a privilege you need to earn, Marcy. Get dressed and leave." 
Marcy stared in disbelief at Damon as he went to the bathroom, washed his hands with soap, and then left the room without looking at her. 
He. Just. Left. 
What the hell? 
---
###Chapter 19 - Hide And Seek
Damon used mind link to confirm where Caden and Maya were. 
The two of them were standing on the side and watching warriors train in a vigorous exercise of holding big logs above their heads and running an obstacle course. 
Whoever tripped or dropped the log, was punished into doing pushups before being allowed to continue. 
Damon was wondering where their guide (aka James) was, but then he saw him among the warriors. 
"That was fast…", Caden said teasingly when Damon joined them. 
"Shut up!", Damon growled. "What's the status here?" 
Caden gestured toward few warriors who were monitoring others. "Those are generals. They will finish this session in about ten minutes, and then we can meet with them before the next session starts." 
Damon hummed in approval and pushed his phone into Caden's hand. "Here. Don't let others hear the sound." 
Caden tapped his Bluetooth device, connecting it with Damon's phone. Maya huddled closer to Caden, her good werewolf hearing allowed her to hear the sounds that were flowing into Caden's ear. 
It took them a minute to hear Marcy saying how she wants Damon to fuck her hard while exposing all her private bits to the camera. 
Maya pinched Caden's arm. 
"Hey!", Caden protested. "I was only looking at the material Alpha gave me!" 
Maya snorted and responded through the mind link, 'And getting aroused!' 
Caden smirked. 'I was aroused because you are sticking to me, hotcake. You know that only you can get me hard.' 
Damon fake-gagged. 'Please make your mind link private. Do I need to listen to this?' 
Caden grimaced. 'You made me watch a video of a naked woman begging you to fuck her. What's wrong in hearing how my woman makes me hard?' 
Maya's face exploded in a bright smile. She likes whenever Caden claims her as his. And the talk about her making him hard was a bonus. 
"When did you take this?", Maya asked Damon. 
"Just now.", Damon responded coolly. 
Caden's eyebrows shoot up. "That was quick. Normally you take at least an hour." 
Damon made a sour face and continued through the mind link, 'I didn't go beyond what you saw.' 
Caden's eyebrows were so high that they nearly reached his hairline. 'You didn't go beyond this? She was willing. What happened?' 
Damon was not in the mood to explain. Actually, even he was not sure how to explain it. Yes, Marcy was hot and naked and willing, and he had a perfect opportunity to take advantage of her, but something seemed off, and that 'something' was more than just his hurt ego and desire to punish her. 
'Let's focus on what's important.', Damon reminded Caden and Maya. 'With this, we got Marcy as a slut, but I want proof that she fooled around with another guy, or she can spin it how this was only for me.' 
Caden and Maya nodded in understanding. 
'What do we have so far?', Damon asked and after two seconds of silence, he spoke again. 'Please, tell me we have something.' 
Ever since he inhaled that sweet scent of freesia, Damon was restless in the Red Moon pack and he wanted to end this farce quickly. 
'Marcy is careful…', Caden said. 'As much as there is a word that she was getting handsy with a number of guys, there are no photos or videos.' 
Damon exhaled in frustration. 'Find those guys. Someone kept a souvenir.' 
'I'm on it.', Caden assured him before adding, 'But it will take longer.' 
It was Maya's turn. 'The staff is talking about how their Alpha and Luna are strict, but there is nothing we can use to smear them publicly. It's all minor offenses.' 
Damon thought how this was odd. 'What about punishments? Anything on Marcy?' 
Maya shook her head. 'They make them come to the training ground and at most they end up with sore muscles.' 
'It doesn't make sense…', Damon said. 'Last night I saw a girl in the kitchen, looking for food. She was bruised up with a purple handprint on her neck. I'm confident that Marcy did that.' 
'We should talk to that girl.', Maya suggested. 
Caden didn't think that will work. 'That girl will probably be kept out of sight, at least when the guests are visiting. And even if we find her, there is a chance she will not talk against Marcy out of fear of getting punished again.' 
'We can offer her a refuge.', Maya said. 'So many werewolves come to our pack. One more or less won't make a difference.' She looked at Damon who had an unreadable expression. 'Let me talk to her. What's her name? Where can I find her?' 
Damon shook his head. 'I don't know. We didn't reach that far. I just saw that she was scared and beaten and then she ran away.' 
He didn't want to mention that he lost her scent. That's a big shame for any werewolf. 
'Considering your mood lately, you are the one who scared her away.', Caden said matter-of-factly. 
Maya giggled. 'Is this version of Damon grumpier than normal grumpy Damon?' She spoke to Damon, 'Don't tell me that Marcy is getting to you. I can name right now at least five women that were more excessive in coming onto you.' 
Damon rubbed his face forcibly. 'I'm sick of this shit and I want to be done with it. Let's wrap this up and head home.' 
Damon stood up and Caden said, "We are supposed to meet generals in ten minutes." 
"I will be back by then...", Damon said and walked away, leaving puzzled Caden and Maya behind. 
'What's got into him?', Maya asked Caden through mind link after ensuring that she blocked Damon from eavesdropping. 
Caden shrugged. 'I have no idea. Will you try to find that girl?' 
Maya made a face. 'I don't have much to go with. Omegas here are extremely submissive toward Alpha Edward and it won't be easy to make any of them talk against him. I can't go and ask around if anyone saw a girl with bruises, it will only attract attention to us.' 
Caden agreed with Maya. Asking random questions might bring trouble their way. 
They are here on a friendly visit that should end with two packs creating an alliance through marriage, and if they are caught snooping around, it might backfire big time. 
Just as promised, Damon was back in time to meet the generals, and after that, he went to roam the place with the hope to pick up the sweet citrusy scent of freesia. 
Damon knew that as a guest he can't go anywhere he wants, so he asked Alpha Edward to assign him an escort. 
"Can Marcy accompany you?", Alpha Edward asked. He obviously wanted to increase the time that Damon and Marcy spent together. He immediately contacted Marcy through the mind link and after a brief pause, he said, "Oh, sorry. She is busy right now. Can you wait a little bit?" 
Damon guessed that Marcy is sulking after he left her hanging in his room. That was one thing he felt good about. 
Damon didn't care who will accompany him. He had no clear goal in mind and as long as that person doesn't get in his way, it's fine. "I would like to start now if it's OK with you. You can tell Marcy to join me whenever she is ready." 
Alpha Edward wondered why Damon seems to be in a rush, but he didn't question it. Damon wanted to walk around, and he was even considerate to ask for someone to escort him. 
It took Alpha Edward two seconds to find his next candidate. A person who knows what's going on and won't embarrass him. 
Nora waited for Damon in front of the study with a big smile on her face. "Alpha Edward asked me to escort you and to answer any questions you might have." 
Damon hummed in understanding. "Take me to where Omegas are staying." 
"Sure." If Nora was surprised by this demand, she didn't show it. 
Damon observed the two-stories high building. The bottom floor had a kitchen, a common area that doubled as a lounge and dining room, and four bedrooms. The upper floor had ten bedrooms. 
Based on the information they received about the Red Moon pack, each room had six to eight people, so Damon estimated about one hundred people in each building. 
Nora didn't understand why Damon asked to visit this place, but other than walking through the hallways, he didn't stop. 
"Do you want to see inside rooms?" 
Damon refused. "That's not necessary. Is this the only building for Omegas?" 
"No, there are three more.", Nora responded. 
"I want to visit them." 
Three buildings later, Damon lost hope that he will find Talia. 
There was not a single whiff of freesia, no matter how much he searched. 
---
###Chapter 20 - Hide And Seek (cont.)
After four buildings without any hints of Talia, Damon was frustrated. 
"Are you looking for anything in particular?", Nora asked when she saw Damon spacing out in the middle of the hallway. 
Damon shrugged and shook his head. He was not sure himself. 
Nora stepped closer to him and spoke in a sultry voice, "Whatever you want, I can give you…" 
Damon frowned. "Keep your distance, Miss Nora, or people might get the wrong idea." 
She didn't move and his expression darkened. 
"Do you want to start the rumors about us? I wonder, what would Alpha Edward say if he thinks there is something going on between us? I'm sure you are aware of my reputation. One more girl won't make a difference, but for you who tried to ruin Marcy's chances of becoming the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack..." Damon clicked his tongue. 
Nora gave him a tight smile and increased the distance between them. 
She got the message to stay away. For now. 
Damon got immersed in his thoughts, completely ignoring Nora who fidgeted by his side. 
He was recollecting everything he knew about Talia and trying to come up with something that makes sense. 
Damon assumed that Talia is an Omega because she brought towels into his bathroom, and because of the poor treatment she received. 
If she has any standing, Alpha Edward wouldn't be oblivious that she is mistreated. Of course, there was a possibility that Alpha Edward knew about it, and he was pretending to be oblivious. However, if he was concealing the issue, he would deny it and not tell Damon that he will talk to Marcy. 
Damon spent the last decade among Alphas, and he learned a thing or two about reading them. He was confident that Alpha Edward didn't know that Marcy (and maybe someone else) is physically punishing Omegas. 
Damon wanted to ask Nora if she knows something about beatings or the girl with copper-colored hair, but he quickly decided not to. He didn't want to appear to be snooping into something that is not his business and if anyone suspects that he is specifically interested in one girl with poor standing, that can backfire big time. 
The last thing he wanted was to jeopardize Talia in any way. 
He had to connect the dots on his own. 
Anyone with such injuries will probably stay in bed, either in the pack hospital or in her room, and an Omega would help her out. Hell, even if she is an Omega, someone should take care of her and not let her search for food in the middle of the night. 
The fact that she was looking for food in the middle of the night while injured, means that she didn't have dinner, and her skinny appearance told Damon that she skipped many other meals as well. His heart ached. 
He thought that maybe she committed some crime and was being punished, but if she was imprisoned or tortured, she wouldn't be able to come to the kitchen, so he crossed off that as a possibility. 
If Talia is an Omega, she would live in one of these common buildings, and Damon could pick up her scent. 
Another mystery was, why would she look for food in the packhouse when there is a kitchen in each of these buildings? 
The more Damon thought about it, the less sense it made. It all felt like he was trapped in a game of hide-and-seek. 
He was exasperated and his mind was a mess. 
His life was so much simpler before he saw that girl sneaking out of his room while Marcy was sucking him off. 
Damon didn't want to think about Talia, and he couldn't believe that he spent so much time searching for her. The girl ran away, and she probably doesn't care about him. 
The smartest thing to do is to leave this pack and return to his routine. Eventually, her addictive scent will fade from his mind, and he will be normal again. 
Compared to this emotional turmoil, he will take Cassie's erratic screaming anytime. 
… 
Damon wanted to leave the Red Moon pack and go home. He really did. But as time passed, Damon realized that he couldn't leave without seeing the girl with the copper-colored hair again. Just one more time. 
He wanted to ensure that she is fine. At least that's what he told himself. 
Damon hoped that if he can inhale her sweet citrusy scent of freesia a few more times, he might get sated, or maybe he finds out that it's not affecting him anymore. And then there are those sparks that felt divine. Yes, he needs to feel those again also. 
Just once and then he will leave. 
Definitely. 
Damon came up with a million reasons to see the girl he couldn't get out of his mind, and he roamed around the packhouse and community buildings, but with no luck. 
It was like the girl simply disappeared. 
Damon was desperate. Was she a ghost who came to torture him? 
He was never this anxious. 
Caden and Maya realized that Damon is acting strangely, but he didn't explain anything, no matter how many times they asked. 
Damon was irritable and he said more than once how they are leaving, yet then he told them that they are staying longer. 
To say that Maya and Caden were confused, was an understatement. 
When Damon announced that they will stay another night, Caden and Maya started suspecting that Marcy or Alpha Edward drugged Damon or cast some mind-muddling spell on him because this was not Damon they knew. 
Damon was never indecisive, and he never refused a naked woman (like Marcy they saw on the video), and this was enough proof for Caden and Maya that Damon is losing it. 
Caden and Maya agreed that if Damon's behavior escalates, they will take him away by force. The plan was that Maya distracts Damon, and Caden whacks Damon in the head, and then they drag him into the car and drive away. 
Oblivious to Caden's and Maya's plans, Damon thought about his situation and realized that there was only one thing for him to do. 
He left his room around midnight and headed downstairs. 
Damon sat in the kitchen of the packhouse with the lights off and waited. That's where he saw the copper-haired girl, so he hoped that she will show up again. 
Damon didn't sleep the previous night, and he was not in his best shape, but his every muscle was tense, and he didn't feel like sleeping. 
His mind was going through numerous scenarios of what he will say when the mysterious girl shows up, and how she will respond. 
Will he play it cool and ask casually how she is doing? 
Or maybe he should show a stern expression and demand an explanation to why she disappeared last night without a goodbye? 
Or maybe he should make a pitiful expression and say how she hurt his feelings? Based on the internet, girls like it when a man exposes his vulnerable side. 
Damon was still not sure if he should embrace this madness or reject Talia, but he knew that he had to see her. 
His wolf would growl in displeasure whenever Damon thought about rejecting Talia as his mate, and whimper sadly when Damon worried why she is not there yet. 
What if she is hurt? Did she leave? Is she hungry? Damon shoved his hand into his hair. Maybe the girl is fine and sleeping and he is an idiot for spending the night in the kitchen. 
Seconds ticked into minutes that turned to hours, painfully slow, and Damon was exasperated when he saw dawn cracking through the window. She didn't come. 
Damon was about to give up and head to his room when footsteps from the hallway got his attention. 
He impatiently jumped to his feet, in hope that it's Talia. 
Damon's handsome eyebrows came together when he saw a woman with a duster in her hand. A blonde Omega in her late-twenties. 
Her eyes widened in surprise, and she stuttered. "Can… can I help you, Alpha Damon?" 
Damon rubbed his chin. Can she help him? Maybe. He looked around, making sure they are not overheard. 
"Can I ask you something, but you make sure it stays between us?" 
The woman nodded fervently in small jerky movements. 
"I'm trying to find a girl. I believe she is an Omega. This tall…", he gestured with his hand. "Skinny. Looks no older than a sixteen years old. Copper-colored hair this long…", he pointed below his shoulder. 
The woman shook her head, indicating that she doesn't know the person Damon was searching for. 
Damon remembered one more detail. "She wore old clothes that were oversized for her." 
The woman made a thoughtful expression. 
"You know her?", Damon asked in an urgent whisper while inching closer to the Omega who was now blushing profusely. 
"I… I…", the words were stuck in her throat. He was too handsome and too close, and all this was too sudden. "She… maybe…" 
"Yes? Yes!?", he asked impatiently. 
She blinked rapidly. "The attic. There is a girl living in the attic." 
---
###Chapter 21 - The Girl In The Attic
Damon climbed to the attic faster than the wind and his lips curved into a smile when he inhaled the scent of freesia he was craving for. 
The girl was there. 
He stared at the closed door in front of him and took a moment to compose himself. 
Damon thought how he went all around the Red Moon pack's properties in search of the girl. Why didn't he think of checking the packhouse thoroughly? 
He already knew that the girl was not in the common buildings because she came to the kitchen in the packhouse. 
Now that he was standing in the attic, he realized that obvious places would be to check the basement and the attic, as well as any isolated places where guests don't venture. It seems that his mind was muddled and he didn't think straight. 
Well, it doesn't matter. 
The time has come. She is right there. Behind that door. Hopefully. 
Damon knocked on the door lightly and waited. Nothing. 
He knocked again, this time with a bit more force. 
Damon thought that he heard some shuffling from inside, but he was not sure because his heart thundered in his ears. He was never this anxious. 
He gave it another knock and then turned the door handle. 
The dawn gave barely any light through the small windows, but Damon's Alpha sight was enough for him to see the scarce furniture and the girl sitting on the edge of the futon, in the corner, hugging her knees and looking at him with her big doe-like eyes. 
Damon stood at the door frozen, locked in some kind of a staring contest with Talia, overwhelmed by his emotions that were amplified by the joy of his wolf. 
Her head was buried in her knees, and he could see only her eyes between the strands of the copper-colored hair that fell over her face, but he knew she was watching him. 
'Say something!', Damon's wolf snapped, startling Damon out of his daze. 
"Hi…", Damon said awkwardly. "You are probably wondering why I'm here." 
Yes, she was wondering why he came to the attic. 
Did he come to hurt her? Or is this some prank? Since Olivia left the pack, no one came to the attic with good intentions. 
That's the scary Alpha who was the reason she got beaten twice. The first time because she peeped when princess Marcy was between Alpha Damon's legs, and the second time because she complained how princess Marcy hit her the first time. 
Well, the first time she was not peeping on purpose, and she definitely didn't complain to anyone, but it didn't matter. She still got beat twice and the only conclusion Talia had was that nothing good comes from being associated with this big scary Alpha. 
And now he is here, in the attic, bringing more misfortune with him. 
With every next second of Damon's presence in the attic, Talia sensed a calamity approaching, a calamity in the form of princess Marcy wanting to kill her. 
Talia didn't say anything and Damon stepped inside. 
She pushed with her legs, getting further into the corner while trying to increase the distance between them. 
'You are scaring the girl again…', his wolf growled in his head. 
Damon lifted his hands, palms facing Talia. "I won't hurt you." 
'Yeah, you won't hurt me, but others will because of you.', Talia thought. 
In slow movements, he closed the door behind him and approached her carefully until his feet touched the edge of the futon. 
He went down into a squat so that they are on the same level, but she was still much smaller than he was. 
"My name is Damon.", he put on his bestest non-intimidating smile, but she saw it like a beast showing teeth before devouring its prey. 
"What's your name?", Damon asked. 
Talia's eyes darted to the door and then went back to him. 
"Please, leave.", she said in a shaky voice, and his heart ached. 
He finally found her and there was no way he will leave just like that. 
Damon was not sure what to do. Why was she so scared? Why was she chasing him away? 
"I won't hurt you.", he assured her. "I'm here only to talk." 
"Say what you have, and leave.", Talia said and gestured toward the door, her hand moving enough for the sleeve to hitch higher and expose her swollen wrist. 
Damon grabbed her hand and pulled it toward him. 
Delightful sparks formed upon contact, catching him by surprise. The sensation was stronger than he remembered, and he inhaled a shaky breath. 
He focused mightily on inspecting her injury. 
"What happened? Don't tell me that you fell again." His expression darkened. "Is it Marcy? I will teach her a lesson." 
Talia panicked. "Please, don't. If you say anything, she will hit me more." 
Damon paused and observed her face which was now peeking above her knees, and he noticed a few more bruises compared to what he saw the previous night. 
Rage rippled thought Damon at the thought that Talia got hurt again, and he was right here, in this packhouse, oblivious to her sufferings. It happened on his watch! 
Damon was enraged, and his wolf was as well. One fury amplified the other and Damon radiated inexplicable violence that was tangible. 
At the sight of Talia shivering in fear, Damon forced his rage down. Settling scores will need to wait. 
"Did Marcy hit you again?", Damon asked Talia, and the way she avoided him made him suspect another thing. "Was it because of me?" 
Talia's eyes widened and that was enough for him to confirm how his intuition was right. 
He knew that Marcy was a white lotus. There was no way Marcy would forget that Talia saw her in a compromising position (between Damon's legs, sucking him off). And when Damon told Alpha Edward that Marcy is hitting Omegas, Marcy probably connected how his comment was about Talia. 
In a way, it was his fault that Talia got hurt. Twice. 
He clenched his teeth as another wave of rage swelled within him. "I will kill her." 
"Don't.", Talia pleaded. "Can you just leave and pretend that you didn't see anything? Don't come here and everyone will leave me alone." 
Damon's heart cracked. Even if everyone leaves her alone, how the hell was he supposed to do that? 
Doesn't she know that he went nearly mad when he didn't know where she was? 
Without a word, Damon sat on the futon next to Talia and wrapped her in his arms, pulling her to lean on his chest. 
The feeling of Talia against him made Damon's whole body hum in pleasure. Delightful sparks overtook his senses, and he was lost in a daze. 
Talia froze. She was not used to physical contact of any kind. It took her a moment to collect herself and start squirming to get out of his hold. 
"Shh…", Damon coaxed Talia to calm down, unwilling to let go of her. He is not a hugger, and he never cuddled with a woman, but this girl was different. He wanted to hold her, and her resistance hurt. "I won't harm you. Can I hold you like this, just for a minute?" 
No, not a minute. He wanted an hour, or at least until he gets immune to these sparks that are making him crave to devour her. But if he said that aloud, she would definitely freak out. 
Talia stopped struggling. Not because she agreed, but because she realized that he was too strong, and her struggle made her injuries ache more. 
Talia resigned herself to her fate. There was nothing she could do. Even if he wants to harm her, she could only endure it. She was weak to fight for herself and if she shouted for help, no one would come. 
Damon smirked when he felt that Talia relaxed. He wished to move her to sit on his lap, but he feared that it might be too much. 
With his arms around her, Talia appeared tiny and fragile, and Damon was confident that he can carry her around with ease. Or maybe he should stuff her into his pocket, so that she stays close to him all the time. 
Lost in the moment, Damon ran his fingers through Talia's coppery-colored hair and inhaled the sweet citrusy scent of freesia, and his world was at peace. 
Damon closed his eyes, his enjoyment amplified by the sounds of yips and whimpers his wolf made in pleasure. 
"Hey…", Talia called after some time. "When are you going to let me go?" 
"First, my name is Damon. Not, hey.", Damon said with amusement in his voice. It's been a while since he heard someone speak to him this casually (other than Caden), and the lack of respect didn't bother him. 
"And Second…", he drawled. "I'm thinking about it." If it was up to him, never. 
To make his point clear, he tightened his hold on her, making sure he doesn't crush her. 
Feeling that she was stiff again, he asked, "Am I hurting you?" 
Talia was absolutely confused with this development. "Well… no… but…" 
"Then, it's fine.", Damon cut her off. He didn't want to hear any buts. 
---
###Chapter 22 - The Girl In The Attic (cont.)
As much as Damon enjoyed this newfound feeling, he couldn't ignore Talia's injuries. The scent of dried blood disturbed the sweet citrusy scent of freesia, telling him that she was not OK. 
Damon took Talia's hand in his and observed a cut that was on top of a nasty bruise. It was scabbing, but it still looked fresh. 
'Mate's healing is slow because she doesn't have her wolf', Damon's wolf explained. 
Damon raised Talia's hand toward his lips and licked the cut. 
Talia jerked her hand away, but Damon's reflexes are top-notch, and he increased his grip, preventing her from doing so. 
"What are you doing?", Talia asked in panic. 
No one ever licked her before, and this is a scary Alpha! Will he eat her? 
"Shush! Don't you know that our saliva has analeptic properties? I'm helping your wound heal. You should say, thank you, and not complain.", Damon said and grimaced. Considering her sweet scent, he assumed that she will taste sweet also, but… "Why is it bitter?" 
"I applied an herbal paste, so it doesn't get infected.", Talia said in a small voice. 
Damon observed her face and noticed that she was beet red. Is she sick? 
He touched her forehead. It was not warm, but he still asked, "Do you have a fever?" 
"No.", Talia responded with urgency. She had no intention to admit she was flustered because a scary Alpha came, hugged her (and is still hugging her!), and then he licked her hand. 
Damon guessed that she didn't see a doctor. It was obvious that she didn't get proper first aid. 
"Did you make the medicinal paste yourself?" 
Talia confirmed with a nod. 
He was about to lick her hand again and paused. "Is it poisonous?" 
Talia was not sure if she should laugh or cry. "You should ask that before you put things into your mouth." 
"I was treating your wound and I didn't see that there is medicine…", he grumbled, and then he licked her again. 
"Can you stop doing that?", Talia protested. His coarse tongue touching her skin made her feel funny. 
Damon looked at Talia like he had no idea what she was talking about, and then he licked her again. 
Talia exhaled helplessly while wondering what game Damon was playing. 
He is an important guest, an Alpha, yet instead of mingling with the elite of the Red Moon pack, he was huddled in the corner of the attic, holding her close to him, and licking her hand. 
It didn't make sense no matter how she thought about it. 
Is this the part where Marcy barges in and they all start laughing at her? Actually, if they only laugh, that will be good. Maybe Damon will join Marcy and the two of them give her another beating? 
Talia was anxious and she wanted this charade to be over. 
"When are you leaving?" 
Damon was not sure if she asked him about leaving the attic or the Red Moon pack. In either case, his answer would be the same. "Why are you eager to chase me away?" 
"Because this is where I stay. You are in a fancy bedroom, with Alpha, and Luna, and your future wife." 
"My future wife?", Damon asked in confusion, like he heard about it for the first time. 
"Princess Marcy told me that you will get married when she came here and…", Talia didn't finish, but Damon understood. 
When she was hitting Talia. 
"She will NOT be my wife in this lifetime or in any next one.", Damon said grimly. 
Talia shook her head. "Maybe you should tell that to her, and not to me. Your relationship with her is not my business. Can you, please, leave?" 
Damon was lost in her big honey-colored eyes that looked at him pleadingly and he wondered if he can leave. Can he? Yes, but only in one case. 
"Come with me." 
Talia was sure that her ears malfunctioned. She asked him to leave the attic before anyone can see them in this inexplicable situation, yet he wants her to join him? "What? Where?" 
"I am the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. Come with me to my pack." 
Talia's brain paused. 
She thought that Damon invited her to his room, to clean up or maybe to make fun of her, but now it seems he was asking her to leave the Red Moon pack. With him. "Why?" 
"I will make sure you have a room, better than the ones downstairs. I will get you clothes that fit, and you can eat anytime you want and as much as you want. For every scratch and bruise, there will be a pack doctor to take care of you and if anyone gives you a hard time, I will deal with them. No one will bully you in my pack." 
'Our pack!', his wolf added eagerly. Unfortunately, only Damon heard him. 
Talia blinked. Now she was not wondering if her ears are tricking her, but if this last beating messed with her brain. 
Or maybe something was wrong with him. Did he ate a funny fruit and is talking gibberish? There are some herbs that can make people say things they don't mean. Or did he confuse her with princess Marcy? 
It's not that Talia didn't think about leaving the Red Moon pack. 
Every time Anna and her henchmen bullied Talia, Talia thought about escaping, but she didn't know where to go. 
And here was an Alpha, offering her a new home with all the luxuries she ever dreamed of. Assuming that this was real and both of them were sane. 
Talia wondered if this was a prank, or if she was imagining this whole conversation, or maybe she was sleeping and the Cinderella story mixed with her dreams because Damon definitely looked like a prince. A handsome prince that smells of the forest and dark chocolate. 
"Will you come with me?", Damon asked when his patience cracked. 
"Why do you want me to come?" 
"Because…", the words got stuck in his throat. 
Can he tell her she is his mate and that when he sees her harmed, his soul is aching? No. That would only freak her out. 
Can he tell her that staying away from her is practically impossible? If she doesn't come willingly, he will kidnap her or maybe move in with her into this attic. Ah! He sounds like a creep to himself! 
Damon was exasperated. All this would be simpler if she could feel the bond and the delicious sparks that make him feel alive. 
"Because…", he repeated. "I feel responsible. You got hurt because of me, and it's not right. Let me help you. It will make me feel better." This was the truth. Part of the truth, at least. 
"Do you take to your pack every girl who gets hurt?" 
Not really. But he is not the guy who would look away from injustice. However, he couldn't tell Talia that she is special either. 
"When you come to the Dark Howlers pack, you will see for yourself that we accept everyone who comes seeking help without bad intentions. I promise that if you don't like it in the Dark Howlers pack, I will help you resettle at the location of your choice." 
With his index finger, Damon made a cross over his chest where the heart is, to confirm his sincerity, but his silent promise had an additional clause how he will make sure she is treated well and she never wants to leave. 
Talia bit the inside of her cheek while considering her options. 
One was staying at the Red Moon pack. Anna's bullying was escalating, and Marcy started picking on her also. Yesterday Marcy came to the attic and Talia got a beating for something she didn't do. 
The second option was to go to the Dark Howlers pack. Alpha Damon said that in his pack people are accepted. Can it be worse than here? Probably not. 
Of course, there was also the third option for Talia to leave on her own somewhere, but that option was scary and uncertain, and it will exist even if she goes with Alpha Damon. 
Damon saw that Talia was considering it and he spoke with urgency before she could decline his offer. "Grab your things. You only need to say that you reject the Red Moon pack and Edward Redmayne as your Alpha, and the mind link will break. With that, you are free to go, and they can't find you." 
Talia shook her head. "I don't have the mind link. Alpha Edward's father brought me here as a child, and I never went through the ceremony." 
"Good!", Damon exclaimed louder than intended. She doesn't belong anywhere, and he was more than happy to give her a home. With him. "Get your things." 
"Just like that?" 
Damon nodded. "Just like that." 
Talia paused and decided to ask the question that was bothering her from the moment he came to the attic. "How do I know that you are not tricking me?" 
Damon stood up and Talia felt chills surround her when his body separated from hers. 
He extended his hand toward Talia, palm up. "Let me prove it to you." 
She looked into his icy blue eyes that stared at her with anticipation and… she believed him. 
---
###Chapter 23 - Leaving In A Hurry
"How come you are leaving so suddenly?", Alpha Edward asked while rushing to catch up to Caden and Maya who were descending the stairs with a suitcase each. 
'How am I supposed to know?', Caden grumbled in the mind link for Maya to hear. 
"Something unexpected happened and we need to leave.", Maya lied with a straight face. 
Actually, it was not a lie. Neither Maya nor Caden knew what's going on other than Damon telling them that they are leaving. 
Since they arrived at the Red Moon pack, Damon's mood was all over the place, like a woman on a period. 
Caden and Maya lost count of how many times Damon told them that they are leaving, only to change his mind shortly after that. 
However, they never reached the point of actually packing their things, so Caden and Maya believe that this is it and they will finally return home and find some sense of normalcy. 
Earlier that morning, Damon woke them up through the mind link, with instructions that Caden should park the car on the side of the packhouse, pack their things (Damon's included), tell Alpha Edward that they are leaving, and meet with Damon outside. In that order. 
Damon also included a clause about how all that needs to be completed within fifteen minutes. 
Maya and Caden agreed that Damon finally lost his marbles, but they were happy to return home with the hope that Damon's mood will stabilize because everything crazy started since they arrived at the Red Moon pack. 
Just as Caden and Maya reached the main door with Alpha Edward hot on their tails, Marcy dashed out of her room while pulling a robe over her nightgown. 
Her father told her to get downstairs as soon as possible, so she didn't have time to dress up. 
Damon waited for them outside, leaning on the car that was now in front of the packhouse. 
Just as Caden was going to the trunk to keep the suitcases, Damon told him through their mind-link, 'Keep the suitcases in the back seat and start the car.' 
Caden did as he was told without ions. He would never question Damon in front of outsiders. 
Damon turned to Alpha Edward. "Something came up and we need to return to our pack." 
"What about finalizing the marriage agreement between you and Marcy?", Alpha Edward addressed the point that was important (for him). 
Damon glanced at Marcy who looked at him anxiously while clutching her robe. 
Agreeing to a marriage with Marcy was out of the question, but Damon knew that if he says that, Hell will break loose, and he will need to do damage control. 
Damon wanted to leave this place as soon as possible, however, leaving without an explanation might cause problems as well. 
Luckily, he thought about this and his farewell speech was ready. 
"Alpha Edward…", Damon spoke solemnly. "Marriage is a commitment for life. We shouldn't decide after only a day or two. Miss Marcy and I met, and now we should take some time to think about our interactions, expectations, and decide how we will proceed from here. No matter how eager we are to conclude this matter, a successful Alpha and Luna should know that some things can't be rushed." 
Alpha Edward wanted to , but what should he say? That he wants to rush his only daughter to marry a guy she met two days ago? Ah, this is a nightmare! 
Without anything good to say at that time, that would solidify the marriage between Marcy and Damon, Alpha Edward responded with a stiff nod. 
Damon raised his hand, giving a sharp wave before going to the back seat, next to the suitcases. 
'Drive…', Damon told Caden as soon as he closed the door behind him. 
"Are we finally leaving?", Caden asked while driving down the driveway. 
"Get us out of here. Did you pack all my stuff?" 
Caden snickered. "All except two pieces of lacy fabric that used to be panties. I assumed you won't need those souvenirs, so I tucked them under the bed." 
Damon didn't want to talk about some strange fabric. The only thing on his mind was to get out of the Red Moon pack's territory. 
Caden and Maya were glad to leave as well, so they didn't question Damon's abrupt decision to pack and head out. They only feared that he will change his mind again and ask them to go back. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Back at the Red Moon pack, in Alpha Edward's study… 
"Are you sure that nothing happened? You didn't offend him?", Alpha Edward asked Marcy who looked at him helplessly. 
There was no way Marcy will admit how on the previous day Damon told her to strip and he was touching her, and she said outrageous things while he recorded all that only to leave her hanging. 
It's not that the scene itself was an issue. After all, werewolves are promiscuous by nature, and Damon and Marcy are to be married. Kinky games among couples are common. However, Damon barely acknowledging her existence after that, IS a problem. A big one. And Damon said that she needs to earn any further intimacy. What the hell was that supposed to mean? 
"I told you, daddy. After dinner, he said that he was tired, and he went to his room. He doesn't like to be disturbed, so I waited in the lounge on the first floor, in case he comes out, but he didn't, so I went to sleep. The next thing I know, you woke me up through the mind-link in order to come out because he was leaving. It must be that something happened at the Dark Howlers pack during the night." 
Alpha Edward exhaled in frustration. No matter how he looks at this, Damon escaped. 
He had issues bringing him here the first time, and getting him the second time will be even more challenging. 
He wanted to scold Marcy for incompetence, but it seems that she didn't do anything to offend Alpha Damon, so he swallowed it down. 
"I want you to stay in touch with Alpha Damon. He left, but the two of you are officially in a relationship. Act like a girlfriend. Text him, call him, make sure he doesn't forget about you and if he finds a way to get out of this marriage, it will be on you. Do you understand?" 
Marcy nodded. If marriage between her and Damon doesn't happen, she will be punished. 
She thought that this was it, but then Alpha Edward raised his index finger. 
"One week." 
"For?", Marcy asked reluctantly. 
"If in one week there is no progress, you will go to the Dark Howlers pack, and don't you dare return without a wedding date. If you do your moves right, you won't return at all, but we will come for the Luna ceremony." 
"Yes, father.", Marcy responded, and she didn't hesitate when Alpha Edward waved that she can leave. 
Marcy faked confidence in front of her father, but now that she was on her own, Marcy was deflated. 
If Damon ignored her in person, how is she supposed to get his attention long-distance? 
One week is too short. 
Does she really need to go to the Dark Howlers pack in order to seduce him? 
She had the home territory advantage and failed. Trying something at the Dark Howlers pack will only make it more difficult. 
Marcy wondered if she offended Damon somehow. 
He seemed interested, but then he wasn't. 
That evening, when she went to his room, Marcy was confident that Damon wanted them to roll in the sheets, yet she made a mistake and hesitated. The next morning, he told her that she needs to earn it. 
Marcy concluded that she probably hurt his ego. 
No woman rejected Alpha Damon, and even though she wanted to do some things, in a way, she rejected him. 
Marcy remembered that steamy session. His kiss was domineering, and his hands moved skillfully. He definitely knew what he was doing. And the way he ripped her panties… it was hot. 
Panties! 
Marcy dashed into the guest bedroom that Damon used. She needs to retrieve her panties before some Omega sees them. She was already seen sucking him off, and she doesn't want those blasted servants to have more gossip material. 
Marcy checked the floor, and she didn't see her panties. Did Damon discard them? She checked the trash can in the bathroom. 
Maybe he took them with him? No… he wouldn't keep a reminder of rejection. Where are they? 
Marcy got on her knees and looked down and her eyes lit up when she saw a bunched small fabric under the bed. 
Bingo! 
Wait a minute… Why are there two? 
Marcy recognized one as hers, but what about this other one? 
Reluctantly, Marcy sniffed unknown panties and her face turned ugly. Nora! 
---
###Chapter 24 - Kidnappers
Based on the strength of the scent that was still present on what used to be Nora's panties, Marcy concluded that they were recently worn. 
They can't be more than one-two days old, and that was the time when Damon was using this room! 
What are Nora's panties doing in Damon's room? 
With a single glance, Marcy spotted that both panties were ripped in a similar way. 
Marcy was sizzling with anger as the reality dawned on her. 
That bitch! Nora was pretending to be sweet and supportive, while sneaking into Damon's room when Marcy was not looking! 
Was Nora the reason why Damon ignored Marcy yesterday? 
Marcy remembered that after Damon touched (and recorded) her, Marcy went to steam her anger on Talia. Alpha Edward contacted her through mind link, but she brushed him off that she was busy. When Marcy finished with Talia, her father told her that Nora went to accompany Damon while touring the Red Moon pack. 
At that time, Marcy didn't think much about it, but what if Nora gave Damon a very personal tour? 
Marcy grit her teeth while cursing Nora. It's all her fault! 
Marcy stormed out of the bedroom and nearly bumped into Nora. 
"What are you doing here?", Marcy asked Nora. 
"Is it true that Alpha Damon left?" 
Marcy forced a tight smile on her face. "Something came up and he had to leave. I just escorted him. We will resume our marriage talks later." 
"I see…" Nora couldn't hide her disappointment. She came after hearing that Damon is gone, in order to retrieve her panties, but with Marcy here, she can't do it. Nora eyed Marcy who was still in her robe and nightgown. "I guess you will dress up for breakfast. I will see you there." 
Marcy looked after Nora's retreating back and fumed. 'You will pay for this, bitch!' 
Marcy gritted her teeth while coming up with various scenarios to make Nora suffer. 
Since she came home from Paris, nothing went right. 
Marcy found her mate, but he ended up being an Omega. Her father scolded her more times than she wishes to remember. Before she could recover from meeting (and rejecting) George, Damon showed up as her groom and played some game of hot and cold with Marcy while shagging Nora. 
Marcy didn't get anything other than insults and embarrassments, and she was confident that even Omegas are laughing at her because that filthy girl saw her sucking off Damon. 
'Yes… that girl in the attic…', Marcy's eyes shone maliciously as she made her way upstairs. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
It took Caden, Maya, and Damon about half an hour drive to get out of the Red Moon pack territory. 
"Stop the car.", Damon said and Caden pulled over reluctantly while silently praying to the Moon Goddess that Damon didn't change his mind and wants to go back to the Red Moon pack. 
Damon grabbed the suitcases that were next to him and went to the back of the car with urgency. 
Caden and Maya turned to see what Damon was doing, and they both gaped at the sight of a girl emerging before Damon put suitcases in the trunk. 
Damon held her hand, and even opened the door for her! 
'Since when is Damon such a gentleman?', Caden asked Maya through mind-link, and the latter shrugged in response. 
Of course, Damon is NOT a gentleman. Never was, never will be... at least that's what Maya and Caden thought. Until now. 
Talia and Damon sat in the back seat and Damon told Caden to resume driving. 
Caden didn't react. 
Both Maya and Caden observed Talia curiously. 
"Aren't you going to introduce us?", Caden asked Damon who frowned at him. 
After a second of hesitation, Damon glanced at Talia and gestured toward the front of the car. "That's Caden, my Beta, and Maya, his mate." He turned to Caden. "There you go. I introduced you. Now, can you drive?" 
Caden and Maya were both visibly confused. What about the girl's name? 
The truth is that Damon didn't know Talia's name, however, he didn't think that was important and he didn't want to waste time on pleasantries. The important thing was that the girl was next to him, heading to the Dark Howlers pack. There will be plenty of time for them to talk. Also, they were still close to the territory of the Red Moon pack, and Damon felt pressure to keep moving. 
Caden saw that Damon's mood was not good, so he resumed driving. 
Now that he saw Talia, Caden understood why all the rush to leave. Alpha Edward, Marcy, and others were jolted awake and too confused by the sudden development to notice the scent of the girl that was in the trunk. Heck, even Caden didn't realize that there was another person in the car and he wondered if something was off with his nose. 
When they were back on the road, Caden spoke to Damon and Maya through the mind-link. 'Is there a reason why we kidnapped a girl from the Red Moon pack?' 
'It's not kidnapping.', Damon responded. 
'She came out of the trunk.', Maya stated the fact. 'We are officially kidnappers.' 
Damon couldn't refute this. Talia came out of the trunk, but she was there only in order to avoid drama if Alpha Edward, Marcy, or someone else, sees her. 
'Why did you beat her?', Caden asked. 
Damon was outraged. Since when is he a woman-beater? Damon would never raise a hand on a woman, unless she is coming to kill him. 
'I didn't.', Damon responded grumpily. 
Before they could ask more questions, Damon quickly said, 'The girl is here out of her own will. She was badly treated, I offered her a way out, and she took it. Now, can you focus on the road? She doesn't have the mind link, but that doesn't mean someone won't come after us if they notice her missing.' 
Damon didn't want to explain more than that, and he was not ready to say that the copper-haired girl is his mate. He was still adjusting to that fact himself. 
He glanced at Talia who was looking out the window with her eyes half-closed. It was obvious that she was about to fall asleep at any moment. 
Damon touched Talia's shoulder, to get her attention, and then patted his, "Lean on me if you want to sleep." 
Talia shook her head while mumbling how it's not necessary. 
She was overwhelmed with all this and sitting so close to a scary Alpha made her uneasy. She wanted to go back in the trunk. 
Earlier that morning, in the attic, Talia was tired and achy and her mind was muddled, and she accepted this crazy idea of leaving the Red Moon pack. But now that she is actually in the middle of this escape adventure, she was not sure if leaving was a good idea. 
Talia was mentally and physically exhausted. She was used to doing her chores at night and sleeping during the day, and the last two days she was getting beaten, which means that she didn't sleep. 
"Aww…", Talia cried softly when her forehead bumped into the window. It seems that she fell asleep without realizing it. 
Damon put his arm around Talia's shoulders and pulled her to lean her back on him. 
She struggled to sit straight, but his grip increased, pressing her against him. 
"Don't be stubborn and sleep." 
Talia exhaled helplessly. Damon was more comfortable than the hard glass window, but she was not used to leaning on people no matter how warm they are, or how good they smell. 
And this was the second time in a day for the scary Alpha to pin her to lean on him. 
His sturdy arm was high on her chest, as he held her shoulder tightly without hurting her. 
Talia glanced at Damon and wondered if this was his way of being kind. Does he act like this with everyone? Probably. She didn't see a single reason why someone so powerful and handsome would single her out. 
"Thanks…", Talia said softly and relaxed against him. 
With slight vibrations of the car, Damon's warmth, and his scent of the forest and dark chocolate, Talia fell asleep in less than five seconds. 
---
###Chapter 25 - A Baby Monitor
Maya and Caden were throwing glances at Damon and Talia through the rearview mirror and observing how Damon cradled Talia in his arms gently, like she was made out of glass. 
'Since when is our Alpha so kind to victims of abuse?', Maya asked Caden through their mind-link. 
'You wanted to ask: since when is our Alpha so kind. Period.', Caden corrected her and asked, 'Did you know about this?' 
'Nope.', Maya responded. 'Damon was always fast in picking up women but bringing one home is a first for him.' 
Maya pointed at the rearview mirror, indicating for Caden to look. 
Caden's eyes shifted just in time to see Damon adjusting his position so that Talia is more comfortable as she slept while leaning on him. 
'It seems that Damon's taste in women changed.', Caden said. 
Maya agreed. 'I thought he goes for curvaceous mature women. I remember him saying how he gets a kick of seeing boobs bouncing in the rhythm he sets with his hips, and that the only good ass is the one that has ripples when spanked. For someone who emphasizes that he likes them experienced, it's strange that he chose a skinny teenager.' 
'I can hear you.', Damon grumbled and both Caden and Maya shrunk. 
'If you want to badmouth me, ensure the mind-link is just between the two of you.' 
Damon couldn't confirm if Maya and Caden stopped their gossip, or if they just tuned him out. He knew that they were not malicious. 
Their comments were not in good taste, but only because this was his mate. If it was any other woman, he wouldn't care. 
It was normal that they had questions about this unknown girl who suddenly popped out of the trunk, but Damon was not ready to talk about her. Actually, even Damon barely knew anything about her. 
However, he knew that she is his mate, her scent is addictive, and delightful sparks prickle his skin when they touch... She was badly treated, and Damon needed her close and safe. 
And that was enough for him. For now. 
Damon was pleased that Talia agreed to come with him to his pack (and he didn't need to resort to kidnapping or figuring out how to move in with her). 
In the Dark Howlers pack, no one will dare to mistreat her, and he will make sure that she gets whatever she needs and wants. 
Damon will never forget the fear in her eyes, and how pitifully she looked in that attic. 
Damon decided to take her with him on a whim, and he had no plans for tomorrow or the distant future, but he knew that he would make sure Talia's life going forward is a happy one. 
He observed Talia and frowned at her injuries. 
'Find us a hotel nearby. Something further from the main road.', Damon said through the mind link to Caden and Maya. 
'Are you so eager to shag her that you can't wait?', Caden asked with disapproval. They still have a long way ahead of them and the girl is hurt and tired. 
Damon grit his teeth in frustration. Why did Caden assume the worst? OK. Damon's reputation with women is not the best, but Talia is obviously in need of care and rest. He is not an animal! 
'She needs first aid, and we can have breakfast.', Damon responded while suppressing his rage. He didn't want to snap and wake up Talia. 
Maya and Caden agreed with this. Food was a good idea. They left in a hurry on empty stomach. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Per Damon's instructions, Maya booked two rooms. She assumed that it will be girls in one room and boys in the other one, so she asked for two rooms with two beds each. 
'Buy medical supplies for tending to cuts and bruises. Order breakfast in your room for me also. Let me know when it's ready.', Damon sent them a message through mind-link. 
Maya and Caden gaped at the sight of Damon who carried Talia princess style inside a room, and he closed the door behind him. 
Damon placed Talia on the bed gently, happy that she didn't wake up. 
She frowned a bit when her back touched the mattress and he wondered if she has an injury there also. 
He sat at the edge of the bed and looked at her sleepy face full of bruises and cuts. Her upper lip and left cheek were swollen, yet she still looked beautiful. 
He took her hand in his and smiled when delightful sparks prickled his skin. 
After an unknown measure of time, Damon asked his wolf, 'Now what?' 
'What do you want to do?', his wolf responded with a question. 
'I want to hold her and… I shouldn't.' 
His wolf snorted in disapproval. 'Why are you resisting?' 
'You know what will happen if others find out she is my mate. Everyone will target her. She is weak and she already suffered too much.' 
Damon's wolf didn't agree that Talia was weak. Anyone who can have so many injuries and not dissolve into sobs, must be strong. 
His wolf felt Damon's conflict and he decided to help Damon understand his current situation. 
'In that case, there is only one thing to do.' 
'Which one?', Damon asked. 
'Reject her.', his wolf said, and they shared a piercing ache in the chest area as the invisible bond between Damon and Talia was protesting the idea. 
His wolf spoke again. 'You can't do it because you know it won't do any good. That's why you couldn't leave her behind.' 
Damon released a slow breath. 'What should I do? I can't let her go, and I can't be with her either.' 
His wolf was already pleased that Damon didn't reject Talia in the spur of the moment. He knew better than anyone how much Damon craves control. That was Damon's way of dealing with the harsh reality, but this was one thing where Damon can win only by letting go and allowing the bond to guide him. 
'I can feel your anxiousness, boy. It will be fine. Don't rush this. For now, keep her close and keep her safe. In time, you will know what to do...' 
'Food is here', Caden's voice through the mind-link jerked Damon out of his thoughts. 
Damon checked the time and realized that he lost about half an hour. That never happened before. 
He was staring at sleeping Talia and lost track of time. He concluded that this bond is messing with his mind big time. 
'Damon?', Caden called after a minute. 
Damon knew that he should leave, but he found it difficult to separate from Talia. What if something happens? What if she disappears again? 
He got an idea. 
'Caden, answer the call and keep it on…', Damon instructed and took his phone to call Caden for a video chat. 
Damon placed his phone on the TV stand so that the camera points at Talia, and with this video call, he can keep an eye on her from another room. 
"Give me your phone.", Damon demanded from Caden as soon as he entered Caden's and Maya's room. 
He nodded in approval when he saw Talia sleeping on the screen of Caden's phone. 
Damon muted the call so that they don't wake up Talia accidentally. 
"That's called a baby monitor.", Maya said to Damon. 
"What?" 
"When you have a camera pointing at the baby while she is sleeping so that you can see her from other parts of the house. A baby monitor.", Maya explained. 
"Or stalking.", Caden added. "Will you tell us what's the deal with this girl?" 
Damon sat on the chair and took one plate that had eggs, bacon, and sausages. "Let me eat first. I'm starving." 
He was shoving food into his mouth while stealing glances at Caden's phone (aka the baby monitor). Knowing that Talia was there, sleeping, gave him peace. 
Damon narrowed his eyes and focused on the phone in order to confirm that Talia's chest is rising and falling as she breathed. Other than breathing, she didn't move a muscle, and he needed confirmation that she was alive. 
"We got the first aid supplies.", Maya said and pointed at the bag that was next to Damon who didn't respond. 
"Damon?", Caden called. 
"What?" 
"The first aid supplies are there.", Caden repeated what Maya said previously, and then gestured to the empty plate in Damon's hand. "You said that you will tell us about the girl after food." 
Damon didn't realize at what point he finished food. He spaced out again while staring at Talia. Whatever symptoms he has, it's getting worse. 
---
###Chapter 26 - A Cover-up Story
Damon thought about how to explain Talia's presence to Caden and Maya. 
"I'm responsible for her.", Damon said which got him raised eyebrows from Maya and Caden who obviously wanted more information. 
"Marcy was in my room and this girl… interrupted. Because of that, she ended up in her current state." 
Maya connected the dots. "Is she the Omega you mentioned, that got a beating from Marcy?" 
Damon nodded. 
"Why are you making it sound like you are responsible?", Caden asked. "If Marcy has a temper, it was only a matter of time before she snaps, regardless if you were involved." 
Damon raised his hand, indicating to Caden to be patient. "That was the first time. Then, I went to Alpha Edward and told him that some Omegas are being punished physically and that he should talk to Marcy about it, and after that, this girl got another beating." 
Maya and Caden exchanged looks, feeling that something is missing from the story. 
Sure, Talia got hit because of Damon twice and even though he was involved, he didn't do it on purpose. These are internal dealings of the pack. As an Alpha, Damon should know that any Alpha won't tolerate others meddling in how rewards and punishments are given to his people. 
Taking her away sneakily is stealing. Alphas consider their pack members like their belongings, because a pack builds strength with numbers. By taking away Talia, Damon indirectly weakened the Red Moon pack. Sure, she is not a warrior, but every member counts. 
"You know that Alpha Edward can turn hostile if he finds out that she is with us, right?", Caden asked. 
Damon rubbed his face with force. He knew that but… "You didn't see where she stays. I found her in the attic, bruised and bleeding among broken furniture and rags. No one cares about her." 
"And you do?", Caden snapped. "You are aware that our relationship with the Red Moon pack is tense, and that Alpha Edward is working in the shadows while trying to topple you, and you just gave him a reason to go openly against us. Is she worth jeopardizing the Dark Howlers pack? Are you aware that this might cause a war!?" 
Damon growled and his face contorted in anger. "What do you expect me to do? To leave her there to rot while waiting for another beating?" 
"That's not what Caden said.", Maya interrupted with urgency while her eyes darted from Caden to Damon. 
She can't go against her Alpha, but she didn't want her mate to end up fighting with Damon either. 
Seeing that she got both Caden's and Damon's attention, Maya resumed talking calmly. 
"We need to do this right. So far, Alphas who complained about us accepting their pack members were silenced by Elders after we provided them with testimonies of how they came to us willingly. We can't tell them that we smuggled her in a trunk. Only the three of us know how she ended up with us and we can't keep this under wraps because our pack members will see the newcomer. We need to come up with a cover-up story that will make sense because when Alpha Edward notices her missing, we will be the first suspects and he might send people to look for her." 
Damon frowned at the thought of anyone from the Red Moon pack coming and searching for Talia. What if they take her away? 
He got an idea. 
"She didn't have the mind-link. She was brought to the Red Moon pack as a child and she never went through the acceptance ceremony, so technically, she is a rogue. We can say that she grew up with her grandparents and when they died, she came to this area and we found her on our way home accidentally." 
"Who will believe that?", Caden asked. 
"Make it believable!", Damon snapped. 
"Alright, alright…", Maya said while waving her hands for Damon to calm down. "She is a rogue we picked up on the way. We will fill that with a few details to make it believable. How do we explain why she came to us and not to some other pack?" 
"Something is off with her wolf.", Damon said. "Not many packs will accept members who are not in top form." 
Maya thought that this is something they can work with. But… "Will she cooperate and confirm the story?" 
"If she doesn't, it will bring trouble for us, and she will go back to the Red Moon pack.", Caden said and looked at Damon with disapproval. "I wish you spoke to me before stuffing her in the trunk. Considering that she is just an Omega and that Alpha Edward doesn't find value in them, we could have made a deal to take her with us, without risking complications." 
"I didn't stuff her anywhere. She got in on her own.", Damon said irritably. Why are they making it sound like he kidnapped her? 
Damon was with Talia in the attic and he didn't want to stay there a minute longer than necessary, so he came up with the idea to leave right away while smuggling Talia with them. He didn't have time for strategy meetings, but it worked, they are out, and they only need to come up with a coverup story and things will be fine. Why is Caden raising a fuss? 
'THUD!' 
A sound came from Caden's phone and Damon's eyes widened in panic when he saw an empty bed. 
Talia disappeared! 
Damon dashed out and ran frantically to his room. 
He let out the breath he was holding when he saw Talia sprawled on the floor, sleeping. 
She fell off the bed. 
Damon shook his head helplessly because she was adorable while hugging a pillow, and he panicked like an idiot for no reason. Why did he think that she disappeared? 
He walked to Talia slowly and carefully pried the pillow from her hold before lifting her up. 
Talia stirred a bit while adjusting in Damon's arms to a more comfortable position, and he stood still like a statue as delightful sparks shoot through his body. 
Damon laid with Talia on the bed with a plan to leave Talia sleeping so that he can return to Caden's and Maya's room. After all, with Talia's arrival at the Dark Howlers pack, they needed to make necessary preparations so that she has a place to stay. 
However, Talia's head rested on Damon's shoulder and her warm breath fanned his neck as wonderful sparks overtook his senses, making him tense and relaxed at the same time, and he was unable to let go. 
Talia was exhausted, and Damon didn't sleep for two nights in a row either. 
Damon stared at Talia, engraving every curve of her face into his memory, and he didn't realize that his eyes were closing gradually. 
In Caden's and Maya's room… 
The couple stared at Caden's phone. 
"Did Damon develop a split personality, or did we bring an impostor from the Red Moon pack?", Maya asked. 
Caden chuckled. "Maybe they really drugged him with something that makes a man lovey-dovey and Marcy is now pulling her hair out because he left before drugs took full effect." 
"You are not worried about this?" 
Caden shrugged. "It seems that he cares about the girl. Why would I worry? That should be a good thing." 
"Yeah. It should.", Maya said thoughtfully. "But this is Damon. Remember, our Alpha Damon? The one who uses the word 'girlfriend' as a cussword. The one who doesn't get close to a woman if she has clothes on. Are you telling me that suddenly his tender side is showing? I'm not buying it. This is too sudden, and that girl is NOT his type. Something is not right." 
Caden had a thoughtful expression. "It's not sudden. This change happened shortly after we arrived at the Red Moon pack. I realized Damon's behavior is strange when he asked me how I felt when we met." 
Maya blinked rapidly. "Damon was interested to know more about mates?" She looked at the phone where Damon slept while cradling Talia in his arms and Maya's eyebrows went up in slow motion. "Call me crazy, but I think that girl is his mate." 
"You are crazy.", Caden said right away. "Damon hates everything about mates. If she is his mate, he would reject her and run for the hills, and not cuddle." 
Maya smirked knowingly and pointed at the phone. "And how would you explain THAT?" 
---
###Chapter 27 - Awake
Caden's mind was unable to accept that Damon found his mate, but Caden didn't have an alternate explanation for Damon's bizarre behavior. "If that girl is Damon's mate, why didn't he say something?" 
Maya rolled her eyes. "Because that's Damon. He will not admit it even if you ask him outright. But think about it. Erratic behavior. One moment he wants to leave, and the second one we are staying. Didn't he show us the video of Marcy naked, humping his hand while begging him to take her, and he left her like that? Since when is Damon the one who refuses a free meal? He requested a tour of the Red Moon pack, and you know that he always avoided those because when he saw things he didn't like, Damon never stayed quiet. And in the car, Damon was sticking to the girl and we both saw how gentle he was with her. The only explanation is that he found his mate." Maya pointed at the phone. 
"Caden, you know better than anyone how much Damon cherishes the Dark Howlers pack. He wouldn't risk provoking the Red Moon pack by smuggling a random girl. She is either his long-lost sister or his mate." 
Caden remembered how when he met Maya, the only thing he wanted was to be with her, and nothing could get in his way. Not even war. 
Everything Maya said made sense and pointed to the possibility that the girl who came from the trunk is Damon's mate. Maya was always the smart one. 
Caden chuckled with a hint of evil sparkling in his eyes. "Damon doesn't want to admit that the girl is his mate? Let's see how long he can pull that off." 
Maya had a bad feeling about this. 
She would never consider going against Damon, even if it's a joke. However, Caden doesn't have problems with it. 
"What do you have on your mind?", Maya asked reluctantly. 
"Let's observe, for now.", Caden said while rubbing his chin with the tips of his fingers. 
Caden didn't want to share too much with Maya, knowing that she will not approve and probably worry. But Damon is giving a hard time to Caden ever since he found Maya, and Caden thought how this is a great opportunity to get even. 
Caden noticed one more oddity. Assuming that Talia is Damon's mate, something was not right. She was indifferent toward Damon, is it possible that she doesn't know Damon is her mate? 
Damon said how something is off with Talia's wolf, but based on her scent, Caden knew she is definitely a werewolf and he concluded that nothing is wrong with her. She might be a late bloomer. 
If Talia IS Damon's mate, there are so many things Caden could do to rile up Damon, and if Damon is hiding the truth, it will only make things easier for Caden. 
Caden's smile widened while he thought of wicked ways to mess with his Alpha. He can try to separate them. Or to make Damon believe he has competition. Caden would pay big money to see Damon drowning in jealousy. Ha! This will be fun! 
Maya observed Caden's expression that was changing rapidly, and she knew that Caden was coming up with something Damon won't like. 
Damon and Caden are at the helm of the largest pack in North America, yet the two of them sometimes behave no better than toddlers. 
However, that childish and playful attitude Damon shows only toward Caden and for anyone else, Damon has a nasty temper. If that girl is really his mate, Damon will only be more irritable if anyone messes with her. 
Maya disconnected the video call so that Damon and Talia have privacy. 
Maya was happy for Damon. Finding a mate is wonderful for any werewolf. They give each other comfort and purpose in life, and she is aware of how Damon is lonely under that grumpy fa?ade. 
Will Talia be a good Luna? Well, if Damon and Talia are mates, Talia will be their Luna, regardless of her readiness for the job but Maya was not worried. Everything can be learned as long as there is a will, and Maya would be happy to hand over her current duties to Talia so that she can focus on helping Caden as a Beta. 
At the same time, Maya felt sorry for Talia. Damon is not an easy man to be with, and Talia will definitely have a hard time. 
"I don't think Damon will wake up the girl.", Caden said. "That gives us probably a few hours." 
He wiggled his eyebrows mischievously while inching closer to Maya in slow motion. 
Maya's expression lit up when she realized that Caden was talking about carnal pleasures. 
Ah, they will make good use of their time in this hotel. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia dreamt that she was in a forest. 
It was light and airy, despite the massive trees that surrounded her. 
She picked up a delicious scent of dark chocolate, and her tummy rumbled. She was hungry. 
Talia started moving about, trying to locate the source of that scent. It's been years since she ate chocolate the last time, and she really wanted to have some now. 
She walked slowly, at first, but then she broke into a run as the scent became more potent, inviting her to enjoy the smooth sweet delicacy. 
Suddenly, a tree appeared out of nowhere, and Talia slammed herself into it, just like in cartoons, with her arms and legs around it. 
"Aww…", Talia cried softly, and her eyes fluttered open. 
There was no forest and no tree. Damn it, it was a dream. A potentially tasty one. 
She wished that it lasted only a few more seconds so that she can get a bite (or two) of that delicacy that called for her. Maybe if she closes her eyes, she can resume that dream and find the source of that mouthwatering scent. 
Talia thought how something was not right. She ascertained that she was awake, however, she could still smell the forest and the dark chocolate, and she was definitely hugging something hard and big. 
Talia blinked and her drowsy state turned into panic immediately. 
She was in an unknown room and the thing she was hugging was not a tree, but a scary Alpha. 
What the heck!? 
Why are their legs one over the other? And why is his biceps her pillow? 
Talia carefully removed her hands from Damon's body and tried to move away from him, only to realize that she was stuck. 
Ah! His arm was around her and she couldn't budge! 
She felt like crying. This was the third time in the same day that the scary Alpha was pinning her against him. 
When Damon told her to come with him, he mentioned a room, and clothes, and food, and a doctor, and there was no mentioning of this… hugging. 
Talia wondered, how did she find herself in this situation? 
The last thing she remembered was dozing off in the back of a car. How did she end up in a room, in the bed, with a scary Alpha pinning her against him? 
Talia wanted to go back to her attic, or maybe into the trunk of the car. Anything was better than here! 
She noticed the even fall and rise of his chest and she concluded that he was sleeping, so she relaxed a bit. 
Talia looked up at the man beside her and her breath hitched at the sight of Damon's gorgeous visual. 
His unruly raven-black hair fell over his forehead… long eyelashes, full lips, strong jaw… everything about him was handsome, even the small bump at the base of his nose and a day-old stubble. 
'It should be illegal to be this attractive', Talia thought. 'No wonder princess Marcy was raging at the thought that Alpha Damon might think bad of her.' 
Talia shook those thoughts away and chided herself. She should not think of Alpha Damon as attractive. Actually, she should not think about him at all. 
Talia was painfully aware of her non-existent background and if she allows herself to see Alpha Damon as anything more than her benefactor, as someone who took pity on her, she will only deceive herself and end up hurting. 
---
###Chapter 28 - Awake (cont.)
Talia glanced around, how much her current position allowed, and she observed the hotel room. It was nice and clean. 
She spotted a second bed which added to the confusion of why she was sharing a bed with Alpha Damon. 
What about the other two people? 
She concluded that this was not the Dark Howlers pack. Did they make a stop along the way? 
Maybe this is the part where she finds out how Damon tricked her, and he is about to sell her kidneys and liver, and then discard her in the forest for beasts to eat her! 
She didn't dare to wake Damon up and she couldn't get out of his hold without big movements either. She was stuck. 
Talia resigned herself to the current situation and she slowly returned to her original position, with her head on Damon's arm, but this time, she kept her hands to herself. Just thinking that her arm was draped over his firm abs made her blush profusely. 
Talia took a deep breath and savored Damon's scent of forest and dark chocolate. It was nice and for some unknown reason, it relaxed her. 
She closed her eyes in the hope of falling asleep and dreaming of that chocolatey forest again. Maybe this time she gets to eat something. 
Talia let out a long exhale, and in the next moment, Damon shifted sideways, entrapping her completely in his arms and holding her so close that her face was stuck to his chest. 
His breath seeped into her scalp, making her hairs stand on ends. 
Talia couldn't see when Damon's lips lifted into a smile. He was content that she gave up on leaving. 
From the moment Talia woke up, Damon was awake as well, but he stayed still while waiting to see what she will do. 
Damon was aware Talia had wounds that needed tending, and that she was probably hungry as well, but he wanted to extend this moment in bed for just a bit longer. 
Damon cradled Talia in his arms, and he enjoyed the sweet citrusy scent of freesia that somehow got amplified by the sensational sparks wherever his body touched Talia's even through their clothes. 
His palm held onto her tiny waist, and he confirmed that Talia is delicate and fragile. 
He had an urge to feed her. 
It's not that he minds Talia's skinny frame, but he would prefer if she is stronger and not in danger of being carried away by the wind. 
Ever since she entered his sight, two days ago, other than cuts and bruises from Marcy's beating, Talia hit her head in the refrigerator, she bumped her forehead in the window of a car, and she fell off a bed, and those are only things he saw. 
Damon is convinced that Talia is prone to injuries. 
He never saw such a clumsy werewolf. 
Adorably clumsy. 
When he held Talia's hand, the sparks were more intense than over the clothes and he wondered how it would feel if they increased the skin-to-skin surface. 
Damon thought of removing his shirt. And her sweatshirt. 
Nudity among werewolves is not uncommon. After all, they end up naked whenever they shift into their wolf form, either because they undress or rip their clothes in the process, and anyone who is nearby, gets a good view of everything. 
But Talia seemed uncomfortable around Damon, and he had a strong feeling that if he removes his (or her) garments, she might freak out. 
His wolf was silent, but Damon could feel the happiness that radiated from the ancient creature. 
One excitement amplified the other, and Damon really-really wanted to touch Talia more. 
His hand which rested on her waist gradually sneaked lower while pulling the edge of her sweatshirt higher, bit by bit, just enough for his fingers to slip under her top. And then Damon's fingers crawled higher, in search of Talia's skin and he felt his heart thundering against his chest. 
Damon chided himself. Why the heck was he so nervous? His hand was on Talia's side, away from her private parts, and he touched many women everywhere. This was definitely not a big deal... but somehow, it was. 
His index finger brushed her skin, just above the waistband of her pants and he jolted upon contact. The sparks were like an electric current, catching him by surprise, and he cursed internally when Talia stirred. 
Talia was drifting in and out of sleep and she was not sure if she dreamed about his hand moving about in her waist area. 
Talia slowly lifted her head, and she froze when she spotted icy blue eyes which observed her intently. 
She thought that she might be imagining it, or that he was doing it in his sleep, but this… just what is this? 
Talia didn't think that she compares to any of the pretty girls, and a guy who is handsome and powerful like Damon will definitely have plenty of beauties around him. 
It never crossed her mind that Damon might be interested in her. 
Talia became painfully aware that he was holding her. They were both lying on their sides, facing each other, and his arms were around her… and he was watching her. 
She wanted to move away or to say something, anything, but her tongue refused to cooperate, and she felt the heat seeping into her cheeks. 
"Did you have a good sleep?", Damon's deep voice shook the silence away. 
Talia responded with a small nod. 
Damon hummed in approval. "How do you feel? Are you in pain?" 
"It's fine…", Talia responded in a small voice and forcibly inhaled, to get some oxygen in her system and snap out of her daze. 
Right! She is Talia, no one… She escaped the Red Moon pack, and she has no idea where she was heading, but she knew that at that moment she was in bed with a scary Alpha and she felt the urgency to increase the distance between them. 
No matter how handsome he is, or how good he smells, this was not proper. 
"Hey… Do you…?" 
"I have a name.", he cut her off sternly. 
Talia realized that she called him 'hey' again and that he didn't like it. 
She grew up in the Red Moon pack, but due to her special circumstances, Talia was not exposed to the strict hierarchy that werewolves follow, so those things were not ingrained in her, however, she was familiar with the protocols. 
"I apologize. Alpha Damon…" 
"Damon.", he interrupted her again. It didn't sound right when she used his title to call him. "Just Damon." 
Alpha is the title that represents strength while reminding others of respect and submission, and he didn't feel that was appropriate for her. 
"Damon…", Talia said awkwardly, and Damon smiled victoriously. 
"Can you let me go, please?" 
Damon's smile fell when he heard her question. 
"Why are you making it sound like I'm holding you against your will?", he asked with a slightly pitiful expression. 
Talia was confused. Did she give him permission to hold her? That could happen only if she did it in her sleep. Ah! Did she throw herself at him? 
Damon saw Talia's frantic expression and he chuckled. 
"You fell off the bed. I'm holding you so that you don't get another bruise on top of existing ones." 
"Oh…", a sound escaped Talia's lips. "Well, thank you. I'm awake now, so… can you let me go?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow and ignored her question. "Do you want to freshen up? While you shower, I can order some food." 
"Will you let me go if I agree?", Talia asked helplessly. 
"Not necessarily.", Damon responded with a straight face. 
Talia swallowed hard. "If you don't let me go, how will I shower?" 
"We can shower together." 
Talia's eyes widened in horror. How can he say that like it's a totally normal thing? 
Damon saw color draining from her face, and he cleared his throat while trying to salvage the situation. 
"I meant, if your injuries are bothering you, I can help you wash up." 
"No need.", Talia squeaked, and she scrambled off the bed clumsily the moment Damon released her from his hold. 
She dashed into the bathroom, closed the door, and locked it with a loud 'click' sound. 
Damon stared at the door with a complex expression on his handsome face. 
So many women would do community service to be with him, and this girl can't wait to escape. 
---
###Chapter 29 - Preparing For The Newcomer
Damon forced himself to stop staring at the bathroom door and called room service. 
He realized that he had no idea what Talia likes to eat so he decided to get everything from the menu. In his opinion, the hotel didn't offer enough options. 
After placing a massive order for food, Damon made another phone call. This was important. 
"Hi Steph…", Damon greeted Stephanie when she picked up the call. 
"It's good that you remembered me.", Stephanie said irritably. 
"Did something happen?" 
"Cassie is coming. Where are you?" 
"We are on the way home.", Damon responded. He didn't care about Cassie. 
"When will you reach here?" 
"Not sure. Something came up. That's why I'm calling." 
Stephanie was struck with concern. "Are you kids OK?" 
Damon smiled a little. Stephanie is always treating them like kids. "We are fine, but we are bringing someone with us. I want you to prepare a room for her." 
"Alright." Stephanie didn't think much about it. "I'm not sure if we have free rooms in the common building because that's Maya's jurisdiction, but I can ensure that one of single Omegas takes her in until we figure out something permanent." 
The possibility of Talia being with some random person (and away from Damon) was out of the question. 
"No! She will stay in the packhouse, in my old bedroom." 
Stephanie paused. The third floor was reserved for the Alpha and his family. Did Damon finally find a woman he was willing to marry? 
"Are you bringing Marcy with you?" 
Damon nearly choked on his saliva. "What? No!" 
Stephanie was confused. Did he have time to pick up another woman? "If not Marcy, then…" 
"She is just a girl, Steph!", Damon snapped. 
"If you say so…", Stephanie said suspiciously. 
Since Damon became Alpha, they took in many members who were rogues or from other packs and no one got to stay in the packhouse. And this was Damon's old room, on the third floor that's off-limits for anyone not related to Alpha. 
Damon rubbed his face forcibly. He had a good idea related to what Stephanie was thinking about. 
"Don't make a big deal when there is none. The girl is hurt, and she had a hard time. She is timid, and I believe that she doesn't have a wolf. I can't let her mingle with others until we ascertain her condition. Oh, and tell Travis to be ready to accept a patient. I want her to get a full checkup when we arrive." 
"I will…", Stephanie agreed. She didn't want to probe into this further. 
She sees Damon as her child, but she can't ignore the fact that he IS her Alpha, and she shouldn't question him. 
Anyway, there are other things for her to deal with. "Can you give me an estimate on when you will reach here?" 
"Probably tomorrow morning." 
Stephanie groaned in frustration. That's when Cassie will come, and Stephanie really-really didn't want to deal with her. 
"Please, hurry. And drive safely." 
Damon hummed in agreement and ended the call. 
He looked at the bathroom door and listened to the sound of the shower, wondering if Talia was naked. probably. 
Only one door separated them, and he could imagine water drops caressing her body. He swallowed hard. 
… 
The warm water of the shower allowed Talia to relax and forget about all the troubles outside of that bathroom. 
Most of her wounds were scabbed, so shampoo didn't sting, but the bruises still hurt when she moved or washed bruised parts of her body. 
She would love to stay under that trickling warm water forever, but alas, all good things come to an end. 
Talia wrapped herself in a towel and observed her bruised appearance in the mirror while wondering how long it will take to heal. 
Talia was delaying to get ready. Getting ready means stepping outside, and there is a scary Alpha waiting for her. 
Can she stay in the bathroom forever? 
Talia shook her head helplessly. What's the point of avoiding the inevitable? 
If she lingers longer than necessary, Alpha Damon will probably knock to check on her, or maybe open the door. After all, one flimsy lock can't stop an Alpha from getting where he wants. 
Talia couldn't help but wonder, why would he help her to leave the Red Moon pack? Is it true that he doesn't have bad intentions? 
Talia was not aware of Damon's reputation, but she heard that Alphas are strong and prideful, always chasing power and proving their dominance, and they don't go out of their way for anyone. 
Damon was… different. Confusing. 
Talia froze when she realized that she doesn't have clean clothes. 
She would put the ones she was wearing previously, but they had dried blood stains and were definitely not something she should put back on. 
Talia collected her few possessions from the Red Moon pack and bunched them into an overused bedsheet, but they were in the trunk of the car, and if Damon was nice enough to bring them, they are in the room, and not in the bathroom where she needs them! 
Now what? 
Talia saw a bathrobe hanging on the hook next to the shower and decided to put it on. It was providing better coverage than a towel. 
After a few deep breaths, Talia held onto the doorknob and opened the door ajar, just enough to peek into the hotel room. 
Part of her hoped that Damon is sleeping, or that he left and that there will be no one in the room, but she saw him sitting on the bed and fiddling with his phone. 
After a few exceedingly long seconds, Damon lifted his gaze from the screen and eyed Talia, "How long are you going to stand there?" 
Talia cleared her throat nervously. "Did you bring my things from the car?" 
He didn't. 
When they got into the hotel, Damon was carrying Talia, and Caden brought only Damon's suitcase. 
"What do you need?" 
"Clothes." 
Damon waved at Talia to come into the room. "First, let me check your injuries." 
He cocked an eyebrow when he saw that she was not moving, half-hidden behind the bathroom door. 
"Come here. I won't eat you." Yet. 
Gingerly, Talia moved, and she saw Damon patting the bed, indicating for her to sit. 
She sat on the edge, as far as possible from Damon, and clutched the edges of the bathrobe, holding it tightly closed. 
Damon shook his head helplessly. All the girls he knows would throw themselves at him, yet Talia was keeping her distance. Why is the only girl he really wants to touch rejecting him? Well, maybe not rejecting him, but she didn't look thrilled to be alone with him either. 
Damon moved closer to Talia and extended his hand, palm up. "Your hand." 
Talia put her hand into his and he took a moment to adjust to the sparks before inspecting it. It was the hand he licked earlier that morning. The bruise was significantly smaller, and the cut closed with a light pink color, without a scab. 
Damon ran his finger over the pink line that used to be a scab. 
He enjoyed the sparks and based on her stiff expression, he knew that she doesn't feel them. Pity. 
Damon wondered if Talia can sense the bond. A little bit? There should be at least an attraction, right? 
Every woman he met was attracted to him, either because of his looks, power, or position. It's natural for she-wolves. 
The fact that Talia didn't show any signs she was smitten, bothered him more than he wanted to admit. 
Damon shook those thoughts away. It's better like this. The fewer people know that Talia is his mate, the safer she will be. 
He is aware that Talia suffered in the Red Moon pack, and her timid personality told him that she won't fight for herself. She is not a fighter, and he doesn't expect her to be. 
However, if the word spreads that she is his mate, his enemies will target her and she will become his weakness. 
If he slips and fails to protect her, he will never forgive himself. 
Damon decided to keep Talia close and make sure she has whatever she needs. He will be her protector and provide for her, and that will be enough. Maybe. 
---
###Chapter 30 - Her Name Is Talia
Talia sat stiffly next to Damon and observed him while he held her hand, the same one he licked earlier that morning. 
She remembered his grimace after tasting the bitter herbal paste and she pressed her lips into a line while preventing a smile from showing on her face. It was comical. She never thought that a scary Alpha could appear so childish. 
"Look how well it's healing. I told you that saliva works." Damon said, obviously pleased with himself. 
Talia silently admitted that he was right. It healed much faster compared to other bruises and cuts she had. She wondered if her saliva would work, or maybe only werewolves who have their wolves produce saliva that heals. 
"Now, let me check the rest." 
Talia jolted at Damon's words. What 'rest' was he talking about? 
Damon extended his hand toward Talia, and she shrunk, making him halt his movements. 
"Is there a problem?", Damon asked with confusion obvious on his face. 
"Can I at least get underwear?", Talia spoke timidly. 
Damon didn't think if she had anything under the bathrobe, but the confirmation that she has no underwear made his jeans tight in the crotch area. 
Damon couldn't believe that he was so easily aroused. 
He cleared his throat and adjusted his position a bit. "Why?" 
Talia was not sure how to respond to this. What does he mean by, why? Why does she need underwear? She was only in a bathrobe, and he wanted to check her injuries which means removing the bathrobe here and there and potentially exposing her important parts! 
"Are you uncomfortable without underwear?", Damon asked with amusement in his voice. 
Talia nodded faintly. 
"Don't be.", Damon said like it's a totally normal thing. "I'm not wearing any either. Do you want to see?" 
He stood up and started unbuttoning his jeans and Talia thought she is going to pass out. 
"No!", she squeaked. "I don't need to see anything. I believe you." 
Damon chuckled. He never saw a girl being so bashful. 
Is it possible that she never saw a guy naked? A smile bloomed on his face at that thought. 
If she never saw a guy naked, that means no one saw HER naked, and that means she is untouched. 
His hands were itching from the desire to pull her closer and get under the bathrobe to explore her thoroughly while savoring the sweet citrusy scent of freesia that gets amplified by the sparks that make him feel alive. 
'What's wrong with you?', his wolf chided him. 
'What did I do?', Damon asked. 
As much as his thoughts were wandering, he kept his hands to himself. For now. 
'Wipe that grin off your face. You are scaring the girl again! And don't you dare bring up the point of how she saw you when Marcy sucked you off! No decent girl will be happy to be reminded that her mate is a man-whore!' 
'What!?', Damon asked back in outrage. Did his wolf just call him a man-whore? 
'Focus on the girl!' 
Damon realized that Talia was a nervous wreck with her eyes darting from windows to door, obviously contemplating exit strategies. 
He lifted his hands in the air, indicating that he will not remove his pants. "Sorry, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. I'm not wearing underwear for practical reasons." 
Talia looked up at him and he could see that she didn't believe him. 
"They tear whenever I shift. So, it's easier to go without. It saves a lot of money.", Damon said matter-of-factly. 
Talia still didn't believe him. She can't shift into her wolf form, but she saw a lot of laundry, and it contained underwear. If regular werewolves can afford underwear (or remove it before they shift), why can't a big scary Alpha? But she didn't want to argue. 
"Will you allow me to check your injuries?", Damon asked as he went back to sit on the bed, next to Talia. "At least on your arms and legs. If there is any other spot, let me know and I will make sure you are not uncomfortable." 
"Only to check, right?", Talia asked in a small voice. 
It took him a moment to understand that she wouldn't let him treat her and he realized… 'Ah, she thinks I will lick her again!' 
Well, Damon had no problems with that. He will gladly lick her everywhere, and probably bite also. 
He reached for the bag that was on the floor. "I got first aid supplies." 
It was Caden and Maya, but Damon told them to get it, so that counts. 
Talia's eyes widened in surprise. "For me?" 
Damon was pleased with her reaction. "We need to treat your wounds in order to make sure they don't get infected, and they heal properly. It's either this, or I lick you. I don't mind, how I see it, skin is skin regardless of which part of the body it covers." 
Talia was flustered again, and Damon chuckled. 
"Tell me, where does it hurt?" 
Talia gave him her other hand and he frowned while looking at her swollen wrist. 
"Let's see what we have for this…" He fished out of the bag a spray that eases up the pain and a few packs of bandages and started working on it. 
Two minutes later, Talia observed her wrist which had several layers of bandage more than necessary. 
Damon realized that he used too much. "I'm not an expert at first aid. When we reach the Dark Howlers pack, the pack doctor will tend to your wounds. This is just to make you more comfortable until we get there." 
Talia was moved. More than his words, it was his expression that showed concern and a hint of embarrassment. "Thank you." 
At the sight of Talia's smile, Damon was overwhelmingly pleased with himself. "Alright! Where is the next injury?" 
Before Talia could respond, there was a knock on the door. 
Three two-layered carts full of food entered the room. 
He wanted to treat the rest of her wounds, but he saw Talia staring at the food. 
"Let's eat first.", Damon said. "See what is here and pick what you want." 
Talia's eyes were open wide and she swallowed hard. The delicious smell reminded her how hungry she was, and she was embarrassed when her tummy rumbled loudly. 
Talia licked her lips, hoping that she was not drooling. 
"Anything I want?", she asked while looking at Damon apprehensively. 
Damon's heart cracked a little and he tried to suppress sadness and rage that swelled inside him. 
He couldn't imagine what she went through to be so happy about simple food items this shabby hotel was offering, and he wanted to return to the Red Moon pack and raze it to the ground. How dare they neglect his mate!? 
"Anything you want.", Damon confirmed, and his words applied to more than the food in front of her. He would give her whatever she wanted as long as he can see her smile. "Under one condition." 
Talia shrunk and clutched the edges of her bathrobe. She was not sure what the condition was, but it usually included her giving something in return, and other than her body, she didn't have anything else. 
Seeing that she was about to panic again, Damon quickly said, "Tell me your name." 
Talia blinked, wondering if she heard him right. "My name? Is that it?" 
"Is there something else you are willing to offer?", Damon asked teasingly, and he chuckled when Talia shook her head fervently. 
"Well? We are together since morning, and I don't know how to call you. Hey, is not appropriate, especially not since we shared the bed." 
Talia ignored that bed-sharing comment. Other than sleeping, nothing happened, and she didn't want to overthink it. 
She knew that he was referring to how she called him 'hey'. Twice. 
"Talia." 
"Talia", Damon repeated, pleased how her name rolled off his tongue. 
"Talia, Talia…", he said a few more times and he thought that it sounds delicate and elegant, just like the girl in front of him. 
Now that he knew her name, Damon felt that they reached an important milestone and he hoped that this will not be a sign of how everything else will go with Talia. 
If it takes so much effort just to get her name, who knows how much he will need to work for a kiss? 
Damon facepalmed internally. Why the heck was he thinking about kissing her? 
---
###Chapter 31 - Food And Medicine
Damon gestured toward the carts with the food. "What do you want to start with?" 
Talia was about to reach out for something but stopped herself. "Won't you pick first?" 
It was ages since she ate in a group setting, but Talia remembered that high-ranking members of the pack eat first. As a child, she always waited for others to have their picks before she could get food. And even if everyone had food in front of them, no one dared to eat before Alpha… and she was with one big scary Alpha in the room right now. 
Damon shook his head in disapproval. Talia was obviously hungry, and he ordered all this food for her, yet she wanted him to eat first. 
Sure, normally, in the pack, others wait for him, but this was not normal, and he didn't want Talia to feel that she was below him. 
He grabbed a fork and poked a finger-sized sausage and held it in front of Talia's mouth. 
"Eat", he ordered in a voice that didn't allow for further arguments. 
Talia was about to get the fork and hold it herself, but Damon prevented her from doing so. 
"You are hurt." Damon gestured toward her wrist. "Let me feed you." He really wanted to feed her. 
Talia was about to say that her other hand is fine, but something about Damon's expression told her to open her mouth and accept his offerings. And she did. 
"Mmm…", a small moan formed in her throat involuntarily a second after she bit on it. The sausage was warm and juicy, and it was a long time since she ate something so tasty. 
Damon watched her chew with her eyes closed and he swallowed hard. Why the heck was he getting aroused now? 
That sweet moan was the most seductive thing he ever heard in his life and mental images of Talia naked under him flashed in front of his eyes. What sounds will she release when he is sheathed deep inside her? 
Damon cursed internally. Damn it! This mate bond turned him into a horny teenager! 
He cleared his throat. "Do you like it?" 
Talia's eyes snapped open, and she nodded shyly. 
Damon smiled. "I will order more of those." 
"No need. There is so much food. Won't you eat also?" 
Damon was surprised. She was obviously starving, yet she was concerned about him. Silly girl. 
He put the fork in his mouth, and finished the half of the sausage that was there. 
Damon scooped some scrambled eggs and fed Talia, and then he got scrambled eggs for himself. 
"I can eat on my own.", Talia said, and Damon shook his head in disapproval. 
"Let's not make your injuries worse. Take it easy until my pack doctor says you are fine." 
Talia exhaled helplessly, but she was touched by his concern. 
She wanted to bring up the point that there is no need for them to share a fork, but she didn't want to appear whiny and complain. 
Bite by bite, Damon fed them in turns, and they ate in silence. 
He had a million questions he didn't know how to ask. Who is she? How did she find herself in the Red Moon pack? How did she end up in that attic? 
But Damon kept those questions for himself, content that Talia was with him and that he could take care of her. The only thing that could make this better (in Damon's opinion) is if she could sit in his lap. 
Talia had a million questions she didn't dare to ask. Why did he help her escape? Why was he treating her kindly? Is he really taking her to his pack? He promised her a room and food and a doctor… is it really that easy? 
But Talia kept those questions for herself, content with all the food that entered her system. The only thing that could make this better (in Talia's opinion) is if she could put some clothes on. 
Eventually, she reached her belly's capacity. 
"I'm full." 
Damon frowned. "Really? You barely ate." 
He held a piece of bacon in front of her mouth. "Come on. You can have this much." 
Talia put her hand over her mouth because Damon looked ready to force-feed her. 
Damon continued persuading her. 
"You are eating like a mouse." An adorable mouse. "You will remain skinny forever." Not that I mind. "There is no need to hold back in front of me." Please don't hold back anything in front of me. "Or is it that you don't like it?" I will order something else. 
She was not sure why he would care about her weight, as for the rest, "I'm not holding back. This is the most I ate in years. Any more and I might have a tummy ache. It was delicious and warm, and I thank you for everything." 
Damon exhaled helplessly and placed the bacon piece back on the plate. "It's OK. You will put some meat on those bones, little by little." 
Talia was alarmed. Why did it sound like he was planning to make her gain weight so that he can eat her? Is he a cannibal? Well, that would explain a thing or two why they took her out of the Red Moon pack in such a secretive way. If they eat her, no one will notice her missing. Talia felt like crying. 
Unaware of Talia's internal turmoil, Damon pushed the carts with food further away, and he kneeled in front of her. 
"Let me check your legs." 
Talia was flabbergasted. A big scary Alpha was on his knees in front of her! Isn't this like when the prince brought the glass slipper for the princess? And then they had their happily… Talia cut off that thought. 
She is not a princess, and he is not holding a glass slipper, but a pack of bandages. 
By now, Talia understood that Damon will do what he wants, and he wanted to see her legs. 
She clutched the bathrobe at her thigh level and extended her leg toward him. 
Damon was pleased that she didn't resist or try to negotiate. 
Damon's hands landed just above her ankle, and he held his breath while savoring the sparks that made him tingly from the inside. Every time he touched her, it got more intense. 
After covering up a few spots with cream, he looked up at her, and Talia's eyes widened in horror. 
"I'm fine. There are no other injuries." 
Damon rolled his eyes. "I will believe you for the front. However, I want you to turn around and show me your back." 
Reluctantly, Talia turned and loosened the bathrobe, allowing it to fall from her shoulders. 
The sweet citrusy scent of freesia assaulted Damon's senses and he swallowed so hard, that he was confident she heard him. 
By looking at Talia with her clothes on, Damon thought that she was skinny, but now that he looked at her exposed back which elegantly narrowed from her shoulders toward her waist, he realized that she was perfect. Beyond perfect. 
He really wanted to lick her. 
There were a few bruises on her back, and he focused mightily on them in order to stay present. 
Damon squeezed medicinal ointment on the tip of his fingers and started softly massaging it into the area of Talia's back where the bruises are. 
The sparks flew through his fingers into his arm, like a gentle current that shook his pleasure centers. 
It didn't take more than a few seconds when Talia inched away from him. "I think that's enough." 
He didn't want to stop. "Let me rub it in, otherwise it will ruin the clothes. The surface is too big for a band-aid and the other option is to wrap you in a bandage. You don't want to look like a mummy, don't you?" 
Talia let out a long breath. She was not used to anyone touching her and the fact that the bathrobe was loose, it made her feel exposed. 
It was just the two of them in the room, and suddenly the atmosphere became intimate. 
Talia closed her eyes and tried to think about something else. Anything would be fine, other than the feeling of his fingers moving in circular movements over her skin. But the sensation was impossible to ignore, and she felt her cheeks heating up as her heart thundered against her chest. Can he feel it? Or hear it? That would be embarrassing. She didn't want him to get the wrong idea. 
Damon was as possessed. He started with tips of his fingers, and then with pads, and then with the whole palm, and even though he didn't roam away from her back, the sparks he felt were divine and urged him to keep on touching her. 
Damon noticed Talia's increased heart rate and his lips lifted into a smirk when he picked up the scent of her arousal. 
He was glad that he was not the only one affected. 
---
###Chapter 32 - Getting Ready
Damon leaned closer to Talia, his face hovering an inch away from her left shoulder blade. 
"Some of these bruises are quite bad and might need a second layer of cream." 
Talia flinched when his hot breath splashed against her skin, and she swiftly pulled the bathrobe back up while cursing internally. Why did she allow herself to get carried away like this? 
Her face was on fire and she was confident that she was blushing profusely. 
"This is more than enough. Thank you.", she said in a whisper. 
Damon was disappointed at the loss of that addicting touch, but he saw that Talia was uncomfortable, so he didn't want to push for it. 
He shook his head. What was he doing exactly? 
They stopped for some food and first-aid, and they need to head back on the road. 
Besides, didn't he decide to bring her with him and keep her safe, and there will be nothing more to it? 
He reached into his suitcase and got one t-shirt and shorts with a string at the waist. 
"Wear these for now." 
Damon tossed clothes on the bed and left the room. 
He needed some air and distance between him and Talia, before he loses his control, and possibly his mind as well. 
There were times when he was attracted to a woman, but never to the point of not being able to control himself. 
'Maya…', Damon called through the mind-link. 'Can you check on the girl? We are leaving in half an hour.' 
Damon didn't wait for Maya to respond, knowing that she is probably busy with Caden. He went to take a walk and clear his head. 
Every cell in his body screamed for Talia's proximity, but Damon was resisting it because this uncontrollable attraction was foreign, and he didn't like it, yet when Talia was nearby, her addictive scent increased his madness. 
Back in the hotel room… 
Talia was confused, unsure what to think about this. 
First, she woke up with the scary Alpha in bed, who was holding her tightly. Then, he fed her and tended to her wounds, and then… he left without sparing her a glance. Did she do something wrong? 
Talia didn't expect Damon to be loving or caring, but when he left, he appeared angry. 
This only confirmed that Alpha Damon is an unstable person and that staying close to him won't be good. 
Talia told herself to stay calm and obedient. Soon, they will reach the Dark Howlers pack and she will see what waits for her. 
Hopefully, she can find a small corner for herself; a bed that comes with food and a set of duties, and no beatings or any other type of bullying. She wishes that people leave her alone, and maybe she could make a friend or two. 
If it doesn't work out, she can flee and try to make it on her own. 
Talia was reminded by Alpha Damon that joining a pack is a big deal because, with that, Alpha can track her down. She took a mental note not to join the Dark Howlers pack unless absolutely necessary, or at least until she confirms that she actually wants to stay there. 
It was vague, but it was the best plan she could come up with, and she decided to refine that plan as she gets more information. 
A knock on the door got Talia's attention. 
"Who is it?", she asked. 
"It's Maya. Can I come in?" 
Talia opened the door and saw that it's only Maya. 
Maya entered the room and eyed Talia who was in the bathrobe. When Damon told her to 'check on the girl', Maya was not sure what to expect, but Talia seemed fine. 
Maya also took note of carts with food, which were obviously too much for two people. 
It only further confirmed Maya's theory that Talia is Damon's mate. When Maya and Caden found each other, for the first few months, Caden was obsessing about feeding Maya, and even now he often worries she might be hungry. It's something about male werewolves and their instinct to provide for their mate, food included. 
"We didn't get a chance to introduce ourselves properly. I'm Maya." 
Talia shook Maya's hand. "Talia." 
After introductions, Maya explained her presence. "Alpha Damon told me to check on you. You should get ready so that we can go back to the road. We are a long way from our pack." 
Talia was not comfortable with the idea of putting Damon's clothes on. The shorts he gave her were loose and there was no way she could wear them without panties. Just thinking about his clothes touching her private parts made her cheeks flush. 
"Can you, please, get my stuff from the car?", Talia asked Maya. "It was in the trunk, wrapped in a bedsheet." 
"Oh…", a sound escaped Maya's lips when she remembered the bundle that was half-open, just enough for Maya to see worn-out clothes. "Give me a minute and I will get you something." 
A few minutes later, Maya was back with jeans, a t-shirt, panties, a sports bra, and a pair of shiny flip-flops. 
"I'm not sure if these will fit you, but it will be fine until we reach our destination. I know that I'm a size or two bigger than you, but I've got a belt for the jeans, to hold them in place.", Maya spoke quickly while stuffing clothes in Talia's hands and pushing her into the bathroom. "Change quickly, we leave in a few minutes, and Alpha Damon doesn't like waiting." 
"Thanks…", Talia mumbled and closed the door behind her. 
Maya glanced through the room and saw on the bed the t-shirt and shorts that Damon gave to Talia. 
Maya shook her head in disapproval. Other than shorts being the meshed ones for the gym, the t-shirt would probably look like a sack on Talia who has a small frame. 
What was Damon thinking? To bring Talia into the pack looking like a hobo? Doesn't he know that first impression is important? 
Forget about the image of a respectable Luna. Whoever sees Talia in those clothes, will never see her as a decent girl. Werewolves maybe have scandalous lifestyles, but their dressing is on point; especially the she-wolves who are hovering around Damon. 
Once Talia establishes herself, she can wear whatever she wants. 
Thinking about appearances, Maya dashed back into her room and returned with several accessories. 
"Thank you for the clothes.", Talia said shyly when she peered out of the bathroom. 
The sports bra was not super tight, but it provided support. The T-shirt and jeans were good, nearly new. 
Talia was really grateful but also embarrassed as well because she knew that those are Maya's clothes. 
"These are a bit big for you. Once we get you clothes that actually fit, you will be a stunner.", Maya said with a wink and gestured toward the chair. "Sit there, let me do your hair." 
Talia sat on the chair obediently and let Maya comb her hair. 
"Are you excited to come to the Dark Howlers pack?", Maya started small-talk. 
"I'm not sure what to expect.", Talia responded honestly. 
"It's busy, lively, and there are all kinds of people. But Alpha Damon makes sure things run smoothly. Rewards and punishments are given fairly, and no one undermines his position." 
"You speak highly of him." 
Maya hummed in confirmation. "I joined the pack when I met Caden, but I know the story of young Damon who lost his parents before he came of age. Alpha Damon was forced to take over the pack, or to give it up for other Alphas to tear it apart. Only he knows what hardships he endured, and he fought many official battles before turning twenty years old. There is a reason why other Alphas don't dare to provoke Alpha Damon, even though he is half their age. Alpha Damon will do anything to keep us safe and thanks to his strength and dedication, the Dark Howlers pack prospers." 
Talia listened carefully and she felt sorry for Damon. The scary Alpha became a bit pitiful in her eyes because she knew very well what it means to lose parents at a young age. 
Talia grew up on her own, and she thought that maybe she had it better compared to Damon because she was able to hide in the attic, while Damon was forced into the limelight. 
"He sounds like a good Alpha.", Talia said. 
Maya smiled. "He is the best. Alpha Damon protects his own. As long as you are loyal to him and to the pack, he will make sure you are fine. No one will harm you, Talia." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line while telling herself not to get carried away. Everything so far appeared to be good, but she feared that it might be too good and she was not ready to drop her guard yet. 
Maya didn't say more, knowing that Damon's interest in Talia went beyond the one of a pack leader, and his reputation in that area was horrible. 
---
###Chapter 33 - Sharing Snacks
Maya hummed in satisfaction at the sight of Talia's hair that was parted in two neat braids. 
"All done.", Maya announced. 
Talia touched the braid that fell over her left shoulder. "Thank you, this is wonderful." 
"You are welcome.", Maya responded and inched closer. "You have beautiful eyes. Will you let me put some makeup on you?" 
Talia blinked. Unsure how to respond to the compliment or to the makeup offerings. 
Seeing that Talia was flustered, Maya patted her shoulder. "We will do makeup next time. We need to head out now." 
Maya told Damon through the mind-link that they are ready to go, and it took him a minute to reach the hotel room. 
Damon stood frozen at the door and stared at Talia who was collecting fruits, cheeses, and granola bars from the food carts, wrapping them in napkins and arranging them in a paper bag Maya gave her. 
Eventually, Talia noticed Damon and paused. 
He didn't say anything, and she started squirmed under his unreadable gaze. 
Did he not approve that she was packing food? Or was it because she didn't wear the clothes he told her to put on? Or maybe it was something else? 
She touched her hair and straightened the t-shirt nervously. "Is something wrong?" 
Damon cleared his throat. "No. Everything is fine." More than fine. 
Now that her hair was tidy and she wore good clothes, Talia was a stunner, even with those bruises. Her citrusy sweet scent of freesia made Damon slightly dizzy, amplifying his visual enjoyment, almost like he was intoxicated. She was intoxicating. 
Damon barely registered Maya giggling and patting his shoulder. 
"You are welcome…", Maya said to Damon, before walking out with, "We are going to check out and meet you by the car!" 
"Maya kept things in your suitcase.", Talia said. "I hope that was OK." 
Damon nodded absentmindedly. 
"Is it OK if I pack leftovers? There are plenty and you already paid for them. It would be a pity to let them go to waste. We can have them on the road." 
Damon nodded again and gestured for Talia to go ahead. "Take your time, we are not in a rush." 
He leaned lazily on the doorframe and watched her without a word. 
Talia was confused. Maya said that they are in a rush and that Alpha doesn't like to wait, yet Alpha told her to take her time. But it was not her place to question Alpha or Beta, and she was grateful that he approved her request, so she got busy. 
Damon noticed how Talia handled the food carefully. So far, none of the women around him would pack leftovers. 
Of course, Damon is loaded, so paying for a meal that won't be consumed is not a big deal, but only now he realized how those women took him (and his money) for granted. 
Those women would always order the most expensive dish and be super-picky about what they eat, while Talia ate whatever he gave her, without any complaints. Actually, Talia treated every bite like it's a scrumptious treat and Damon loved it. 
When Talia finished packing, Damon grabbed the suitcase and headed out, with Talia two steps behind him. 
They were halfway through the hallway when he stopped abruptly and snatched the bag with leftovers from her hand without an explanation, and she wondered if she should say 'thank you' or not. 
Talia decided to keep quiet because Damon was acting strange again. 
They sat in the car and this time Talia didn't fall asleep. 
She was looking through the window and listening to the music from the radio, occasionally finding something in the bag to munch on. 
They were driving through the night with stops on every few hours. 
Damon was frustrated. Talia was mostly keeping to herself and a few times when she spoke, it was with Maya. 
He felt neglected. 
Damon wanted to hold Talia's hand or maybe to make her lean on him, but without her dozing off, he didn't have any excuses to get closer without appearing like a creep. 
After the second stop, Caden and Damon switched places so that Caden can get a shuteye. 
Damon took the driver's seat, and he was visibly disappointed when Maya moved to the back, leaving Caden on the front passenger's seat. 
Maya snickered and spoke to Caden through mind-link. 'Can you believe that he is so prideful that he doesn't want to ask Talia to join him in front?' 
'Hmm?' Caden yawned. 'I wanted to go in the back with you, but the girl seemed uncomfortable so…' 
'She wouldn't be uncomfortable if Alpha Damon asked her nicely to come to the front.', Maya responded. 
'You think so?', Damon interjected into their conversation and Maya's eyes widened in horror while cursing herself for not triple-checking that the mind-link was only between her and Caden. She scrambled her brain while thinking if she said anything inappropriate. 
After a few exceedingly long seconds of stiff silence, Maya responded, 'She is obviously interested in looking outside, and the front seat gives a better view.' 
Damon nodded at this. 
"Why did we stop?", Caden grumbled while checking the time. 
They had a stop less than half an hour ago. Everyone used the restroom and stretched their legs. Unless something went wrong, he should be able to nap at least two-to-three more hours. 
"I need to get something…", Damon said and dashed into a small store by the road. 
He came back with a bag of chips and a container with mixed nuts. 
Maya noticed that the top two buttons of Damon's shirt were undone, and she wondered what he was doing inside. It was not that warm. 
Instead of going to his seat, Damon knocked on Talia's window. 
"Do you want to sit in front? The view is better and Caden can sleep in the back." 
Talia hesitated. Sitting next to Damon was not the most appealing offer, but she understood that it will be better for Caden to rest in the back with Maya, so she agreed to switch places. 
Maya watched as Damon gave newly purchased snacks to Talia while saying, "I feel like eating these, but my hands are busy driving. Can you feed me?" 
"What happened with, my hand is hurt?", Talia asked Damon and showed her bandaged wrist. 
"That was for using utensils. You can put food in my mouth. Right?" 
Maya couldn't believe that Damon was this cheeky. But it confirmed that Damon wanted to be close to Talia. 
Caden didn't miss this exchange. He pushed himself forward, sticking his head between Damon and Talia. 
"I want to have some also. Aaa…" Caden opened his mouth wide, waiting for Talia to put some chips inside while ignoring Damon's glare. 
"Don't you need to sleep?", Damon grumbled. "If you are energetic, how about you drive some more?" 
"It's just one bite. Why are you making it a big deal?", Caden asked innocently, and his eyes flashed in approval when Talia put a handful of chips in his mouth. 
"Tfank ou…", Caden mumbled his thanks to Talia before leaning back into the seat with a big grin on his face. 
"Stop feeding him.", Damon said impatiently to Talia and then glared at Caden. "That's for me." 
His expression softened as he turned to Talia. "You can have some also, if you want." 
Maya and Caden exchanged knowing looks. 
It's not uncommon for Damon not to share, but he was willing to share with Talia. And it looked like Damon was more upset that Talia was feeding Caden compared to Damon losing his snacks. 
Damon would open his mouth occasionally, and Talia put chips without a word spoken. 
"I dropped it. Can you get it?", Damon said to Talia. 
"Where did it go?" 
"In my shirt." 
Talia stared at Damon. "What?" 
Maya's eyebrows shoot up. Is it possible that Damon planned for this and that's why he unbuttoned his shirt when he bought snacks? 
"Come on. The longer it takes, the deeper it gets. It's itchy and I can't drive properly. You can undo a button or two to get it, if needed." 
Talia was visibly flustered while thinking about how to fish out the chip from Damon's shirt. 
Damon was disappointed when Talia pinched the shirt in the area of his navel, pulled it to untuck the shirt from his jeans, and gave it a shake. The chip fell on the floor. 
"There. You shouldn't be itchy now.", Talia said victoriously. 
Maya hid her laugh behind a cough. She never saw Damon sulking before. 
By now, Maya's theory that Talia is Damon's mate was solid, and they also understood that Caden's hunch was right. Damon wanted to keep it a secret. 
---
###Chapter 34 - The Dark Howlers Pack
~ The Dark Howlers Pack ~ 
The sun was rising from the East when our group of four reached their destination, and Caden announced, "Home sweet home. Welcome to the Dark Howlers pack, Talia!". 
Talia observed the dense forest through which the road snaked, and Caden slowed down the car as they passed through a town. 
"This is Darkbourne.", Maya said. "Every person living and working in this town belongs to the Dark Howlers pack." 
Talia nodded in understanding while observing the residential buildings with nice backyards that gradually turned into densely packed two-story-high buildings. 
"We are getting closer to the center of the town.", Maya continued her tour. 
The two-story-high buildings had various shops on the ground level. Talia spotted a bakery, a coffee shop, a clothing boutique, a shoe store, a restaurant, a butcher's shop, a tattoo parlor, a bookstore. There was something for everyone and quite a number of pedestrians filled the sidewalks. 
On the left, the road opened into a wide street and Talia spotted a cobblestone town square with a clocktower in the middle. There were trees and several benches, and other than a coffee shop with outdoor seating, Talia also saw two street vendors. One selling popcorn, and the other one ice cream. Based on the number of people there, it was obvious that the town square is a popular hangout spot. 
"We will have a fair in ten days.", Maya explained when she saw Talia's eyes lingering toward the town square that was now out of sight. "There will be music, performances, sweet treats, and everyone will come. You will love it." 
Talia smiled a little. She never attended a fair and she couldn't imagine how it will look like, but it sounded fun, and based on Maya's words, it appeared that Talia can go as well. 
She never attended events at the Red Moon pack, no matter how lively it was downstairs, and this almost sounded like an invitation. 
After leaving the town, they drove for another few minutes before stopping in front of a large three-stories-high building that was surrounded by forest. 
"This is the pack hospital.", Maya said. "When you are done with the checkup, you will join us at the packhouse. I will ask Stephanie to prepare something tasty for everyone." 
Talia didn't know who Stephanie was, but she understood that this was her cue to leave the car. 
Talia was surprised that Alpha Damon alighted the car as well. 
'Make sure her room is ready.', Damon told Maya through the mind link. 
'Where will she stay?' 
'In my old room on the third floor.', Damon responded. 
Maya didn't think much about it. 'OK.' 
Maya turned to Caden, and asked, "Which one is Alpha's old room?" 
They have a mind-link, but Maya prefers using her mouth to speak when no one can overhear them because there are always chances that someone might eavesdrop on the mind-link (like Alpha). 
It's not that Damon wants to eavesdrop, but as the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, the strength of his link with the pack members is extraordinary, and unless they take extra steps to block him, he can hear them. 
"It's across the hall from his current room. Why?", Caden responded. 
When Damon became the Alpha, he moved into the master bedroom that his parents occupied previously. 
"He just told me to make sure THAT room is ready for Talia." 
Caden smirked. "So, he will put her in a room that is right across the hallway from him." 
Maya shook her head. "What is he thinking? If he wants to hide that she is his mate, he shouldn't keep her on the floor that is reserved for the Alpha. No outsiders ever stayed there before." 
Caden chuckled. "He probably knows that he should get Talia to stay like any other single Omega, or at least on the first floor with Stephanie. However, the bond is messing with his mind, and he is not thinking because the only thing on his mind is that he wants to be close to her. I can bet that in a week from now, they will share a room. His room." 
"No way.", Maya was confident. "Damon is clueless about romancing a woman, and that girl is petrified. The only way to win her over is to move slowly. If he goes his usual Damon on her, she will run away." 
"Do you think he will let her leave?" 
Maya didn't have an answer to this question. But Damon wouldn't keep a girl against her will. Right? 
In the pack hospital… 
"Talia, this is Dr. Travis Arzt…", Damon introduced the doctor who was expecting them. "He is the best doctor around." 
Talia watched the tall blonde man whose friendly smile reminded her of Olivia, and she wondered if all medical people have that comforting expression that makes one believe everything will be alright. 
Dr. Arzt bowed his head submissively. "You flatter me, Alpha." He turned to Talia. "And you are…?" 
"Talia, Dr. Arzt." 
"Please, call me Travis. Dr. Arzt is my father and when someone calls me like that, it makes me feel old." 
"OK. Travis.", Talia agreed and Damon was irked that she agreed so easily. He remembered how much she hesitated to address him as just Damon. 
"If I understood correctly, we are to give you a full checkup. Please step inside and Jill and Cathy will help you change into a hospital gown. I will join you when you are ready." He gestured toward the door on the side that was open, and Talia saw two women waving at her. 
Talia glanced at Damon who gave her an encouraging nod. He liked that she silently asked his permission. It made him feel important. 
"This will take at least one hour, Alpha", Travis said to Damon. "Who should I notify when we are done?" 
Damon frowned. He was not happy that the doctor was sending him away. 
Is Talia going to undress and Travis will get to watch and… touch? Damon didn't like it. Not even a little bit. 
There should be a woman doctor. Or even better, Damon should be the doctor. 
But he knew that there is no woman doctor in their pack, and Travis is the best they have while he (Damon) can't even bandage a wrist properly. But can he really leave? 
"I will attend the exam." 
Travis was visibly confused. "Is there a reason for it?" 
Damon scrambled how to answer this and not to say something like, 'I want to make sure you keep your hands to yourself!' But how can he explain his need to stick to Talia without revealing that she is his mate? 
"Talia was treated poorly, and you are a stranger. I want to make sure she is comfortable." 
Travis nodded knowingly. "I understand your concern, Alpha, but she seemed fine so far. Jill and Cathy know what they are doing and having more guys present when she needs to undress will…" 
"WHAT!?", Damon roared, and Travis shrunk, unsure why Damon flipped from polite to raging within a split second. What's with that murderous glare? The Alpha's pressure was suffocating. 
Damon grit his teeth. "She will not undress. Is that understood?" 
"How am I going to examine her?" 
"Do what you can without Talia undressing.", Damon said sternly. The idea of Travis ogling at Talia was NOT acceptable! 
Travis was flabbergasted. "With all due respect, Alpha... I am the doctor, and she needs an exam. I will appreciate it if you step outside and let me do my work. I will keep your words on my mind and minimize her exposure. Is that fine?" 
Damon nodded stiffly. 
"Is there anything else?", Travis asked, seeing that Damon was not leaving. 
"I think that she doesn't have her wolf." 
Travis thought how that makes sense. "That would explain the bruises. Don't worry, Alpha. This is not my first time examining a person without a wolf. I did my residenship in a human hospital." 
Eventually, Damon left Travis's office with, "I will wait in the hallway." 
Travis gave Damon a strange look. Shouldn't Alpha be busy? Damon has a reputation as a workaholic, yet now he will dawdle in the hallway for (at least) one hour. 
Travis guessed that Talia is someone important. Maybe she is a spy or a relative. There was no other explanation why Alpha would bring her here (and wait for her) personally. 
---
###Chapter 35 - Travis Arzt
Author's note: see Travis's photo in the comments. 
- - - 
When Travis entered the exam room, Talia was wearing the hospital gown. 
While Jill was drawing Talia's blood for the lab work, and Cathy collected swabs from Talia's mouth and nose, Travis observed Talia's bruises. 
Damon told him that Talia doesn't have a wolf, and that would definitely impact her healing, but it was a long time since Travis saw so many cuts and bruises on a person. 
They would be nothing much for a werewolf and would heal within a day or two, but for a human (or a werewolf without a wolf), it can take a week or two until they completely fade. 
Travis's sight was drawn to Talia's bandaged wrist. Considering that most of her injuries were exposed, he had to ask, "Who did this?" 
"Alpha Damon.", Talia responded. 
"That was very…", Travis paused while choosing his words. 
Talia smiled a little while remembering Damon's intense expression while bandaging her. 
"I know. That was very kind of him." 
Travis cocked an eyebrow. "I wanted to say, unskilled, but we can go with your version." 
Talia looked at the closed door nervously. "Will Alpha Damon punish you if he hears you badmouthing him?" 
Travis waved his hand, indicating that it's not a big deal. "Since when is telling the truth, badmouthing? And besides, Alpha will not harm me. Didn't you hear when he said that I'm the best doctor in the area?" He made a cocky expression and Talia put her hand over her mouth while laughing. 
The more Talia looked at Travis, the more he reminded her of Olivia with his easy-going personality and a smile that tells people how everything is going to be OK. She liked him already. 
Travis saw that Talia relaxed and that was exactly what he was going for. He needed information and if she is stiff and silent, they wouldn't reach far. 
Travis pulled a chair next to the bed where Talia was, and he held onto a notebook. "Let's start with your medical history…" 
… 
Outside Travis's office, Damon was pacing. There is a waiting area further down the hallway, but Damon couldn't sit. 
He was imagining Travis touching Talia's back, just how Damon did in the hotel room on the previous day. What if Talia likes it? 
The side door opened, and Jill and Cathy exited. 
"Is the exam over?", Damon asked, catching Jill and Cathy by surprise. 
The two nurses didn't expect to see their Alpha there. 
He was too close and too handsome, and it took them a moment to recover. 
"No. Alpha.", Jill responded. 
"Then, why are you out?" 
"We are taking these samples to the lab.", Cathy said while gesturing toward the cart with several containers and sealed cotton sticks. 
"Does that mean that Travis is alone with Talia?", Damon asked with urgency. "Do both of you need to take this? One is enough." 
How Damon saw this, at least one of the nurses should stay in that exam room so that Travis and Talia don't have privacy. 
Jill and Cathy exchanged confused glances. 
"I'm taking these to the lab, and Cathy will prepare room in radiology so that we can take x-rays once Dr. Arzt finishes discussing Miss Talia's medical history.", Jill responded. "Why don't you find a seat in the waiting area, Alpha? This area is reserved for medical workers and patients." 
Damon frowned and stepped to the side, to let them pass. He had no intention of moving from that spot. What if Talia cries for help and he can't hear her from there? The lack of the mind-link with Talia was making him anxious. 
Damon knew that the mate bond was making him unreasonable, but there was nothing he could do about it. The fact that Talia was not in the visible range was unsettling and the knowledge that another guy was with her, and it was just the two of them, was making it worse. Damon was unable to snap out of it. 
The stories go that the mate pull is getting stronger by the day, and the werewolves can find peace only after they mark each other. The sealed mate bond allows them to exchange feelings no matter the distance, and because of that, mates can function when they are apart. 
Damon tried to distract himself by checking emails, but it didn't work. 
He halted his steps and pressed his ear on the door of Travis's office. Nothing. 
How is it possible that he couldn't pick up any sound with his Alpha hearing? Are they doing something sneakily? What if Talia left? 
Somehow, he feared that she might disappear. 
Jill returned after a few minutes, and Damon was a bit at ease, knowing that Travis is not the only one inside with Talia. 
Damon was alerted when the door opened, and Talia was pushed out in the wheelchair by Jill. 
"What happened with your legs?", Damon asked Talia. 
"Nothing." 
"Why are you in a wheelchair?" 
Jill responded, "It's just the protocol, Alpha. I'm taking her to radiology so that we take x-rays. Miss Talia is wearing a hospital gown that is opened at the back and if she walks, there is a danger of her being exposed." 
Damon approved. No one should see Talia exposed. Except for him. 
… 
Talia and Damon sat together with Travis to hear the results of her exam. 
Her swollen wrist was not broken, so they gave her one of those thick wraps with Velcro to secure it without using bandages until it heals. 
"The injuries are superficial, and I will prescribe you some ointments and painkillers. You can do any activity that your body allows you to. If you feel pain, stop.", Travis said to Talia. "The more concerning is that you are underweight, and your bloodwork shows several deficiencies." 
Travis didn't ask much about her eating habits because just from the bloodwork, he could see that she was eating unhealthy and not regularly. 
"Is it serious?", Damon asked. 
"It doesn't need to be. Miss Talia will need to take vitamins and I want her to meet with a nutritionist to discuss a healthy meal plan. We don't have a nutritionist here, so she will need to go to a human city. I will give you a referral…" 
Travis said that until they meet with the nutritionist, Talia should eat a variety of foods; healthy options, in at least three meals and two snacks. 
Talia's eyes widened at the thought of three meals and two snacks. She doesn't remember if she ever ate so many times in a day. 
She looked at Damon apprehensively. Will he allow her to eat that much? What if he thinks she is too much maintenance and sends her away? Can she wash enough bathrooms to earn five meals a day? 
"Will it be OK if she eats more than that?", Damon asked, making Talia's thoughts stop in their tracks. She thought that he will ask if it's OK to feed her less, yet he insinuated that he will give her more food! 
Travis shrugged. "She is underweight, and she should eat as much as she can. However, I don't recommend big meals, split it into more frequent smaller ones, and it won't be good if she starts living off junk food like chips and chocolates. Those will help her gain weight, but it's not healthy. Remember these three: meat, fruits, and vegetables, and you can't go wrong. The nutritionist will give you more details." 
Travis said that he wants to see Talia back in one week, to ensure her wounds are healing well and that if anything gets worse or she has questions, to give him a call. 
Talia was dazed with all this. She doesn't remember the last time she was in so much company of people who smiled and didn't ignore or bully her. 
---
###Chapter 36 - Walk In The Woods
"Are you alright?", Damon asked Talia when they exited the pack hospital. 
"Yes, thank you, Alpha Damon.", Talia responded. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "Did you forget already?" 
She looked at him questionably, and he said, "Just Damon. Say it." 
Talia glanced around, to make sure no one overhears them. He is the Alpha, and she should listen to him, but if anyone else hears that she is addressing him casually, she might end up in trouble. 
Everyone they met so far addressed Damon respectfully with his title, and Talia learned a long time ago that standing out is not a good thing. 
"Damon." 
He smirked victoriously. "Do you want to walk, or should I get a car? The packhouse is about fifteen minutes walking from here if we cut it straight through the forest." 
She was not sure why he was giving her a choice. "Anything is fine." 
"Then, let's take a walk. I got stiff after so much time in the car, so it will be good to stretch legs…" 
… 
Talia followed after Damon, elated to be surrounded by the trees during daylight. 
At the Red Moon pack, she would come out, but only during the night, when everyone was sleeping. 
Alpha, Beta, and their families had a routine of sleeping at a regular schedule, so only the pack members on patrol would be awake at that time. The patrols ran only around the borders of the Red Moon territory, so after completing her chores, Talia could venture into the forest next to the packhouse to get a breath of fresh air and find medicinal herbs for her concoctions. 
Other than for treating injuries, preventing infections, and easing up the pain, Talia knew that some plants are edible, and she personally came up with a mix of plants that diminishes one's scent; unless someone is really close, they couldn't pick up Talia's scent at all. 
Talia's knowledge about various herbs was one of the main reasons why Talia could conceal herself while living in the Red Moon pack packhouse. 
Indirectly, that was all thanks to Olivia who taught her the basics. 
Olivia invokes pleasant memories for Talia, and seeing how Travis, Jill, and Cathy were nice as well, Talia was confident that people who practice medicine are good people and everyone likes them. 
She wondered if one day, she can be like them as well. Can she work in the pack hospital? She could start as a cleaner and in her free time help out nurses and learn. 
Talia took a mental note to discuss this with Damon, or maybe with Maya, once the topic of Talia's future comes up. 
Talia wanted to talk about it right now, but she just arrived, and she didn't want to appear too needy. 
Damon observed Talia and he was vexed that she was absentminded. Occasionally, she would stop and look at some plant, but then she would just continue following him. Damon slowed down his steps so that they can walk side-by-side, but a few steps later, Talia would trail behind him again. 
He didn't mind going slow. Reaching their destination meant re-entering reality where a pile of paperwork and unread emails are waiting for him. After a few days away from the pack, that was inevitable. 
Damon hoped that Talia would pay more attention to him. 
Every woman swoons after Damon, making him feel like he is the king of the galaxy, yet with Talia, Damon felt invisible. 
What's so interesting about that scrawny purple leaf? 
Doesn't she know that once they reach the packhouse, he will have so much work, that they will barely see each other? 
Talia was startled when Damon grabbed her hand. 
"What…?" She was not sure how to finish that question. 
"The ground is uneven. I don't want to risk you tripping and making your injuries worse.", Damon said with a straight face. "Besides, you are wandering around, and you might get lost." 
Talia wanted to say that she is careful, and she will not get lost. She is not a baby! Even if she loses sight of Damon, she can just follow the scent of dark chocolate, but Damon's grip on her hand tightened and she understood that he will not let go no matter what she says. 
Talia decided not to argue. Besides, this was better than Damon pinning her against him. 
"I noticed you observing some plants.", Damon broke the silence between them. "Do you mind telling me, why?" 
Talia paused for a moment before agreeing shyly. 
She pointed at the tall plant with clusters of tiny white flowers. "That is boneset. Its leaves and flowers help reduce fever and pain." 
Damon was surprised to hear this. He didn't really pay attention to plants but was confident that he saw this type of flower many times. "Sounds useful. Should we harvest it?" 
"This one is not ready, so it would be wasting precious resources if we collect it now. When flowers bloom, they appear to be spiky, then they are the most potent.", Talia said, and she was pleased to see that Damon was interested in what she had to say. 
Damon was amazed that she spoke about not wasting things that can be freely found in the forest. It reminded him of how she packed leftovers in the hotel, and he concluded that Talia is frugal, and that's not a bad thing. 
Next, Talia stopped next to a bushy plant with massive green maple-like leaves. "This is goldenseal. It's good against infections." 
Damon's face scrunched with an unpleasant memory. "Is that the bitter thing I tasted when I licked your wound?" 
Talia confirmed and she bit the inside of her lip to suppress the incoming laughter. His expression was comical, but she shouldn't laugh at the scary Alpha. He might punish her. 
Little by little, Talia relaxed, and three plants later, she was tugging Damon's hand while navigating randomly through the forest as she followed the trail plants of interest formed. 
She didn't notice at what point their fingers interlaced, but Damon noticed it very much. He noticed every little thing about Talia. 
Damon was amazed that even with all the scents that are wafting through the forest, he could clearly identify the sweet citrusy scent of freesia like the whole ground is covered with colorful blooms and each of them whispered Talia's name. 
Yup. Damon was lost in a daze of Talia's scent and the sparks which started from the hand which held Talia's and he would follow her no matter where she wanted to go. 
Of course, they strayed from their original destination, but Damon didn't mind. He didn't mind at all. 
After talking about a plant with black bead-like spots on its stem, Talia looked at Damon. "Shouldn't we go to the packhouse? Aren't you busy?" 
Damon said that the walk will take about fifteen minutes, and Talia didn't have a watch, but she was confident that they are in the forest for at least one hour. Probably longer. 
He wanted to say that he is not busy, but he didn't want to lie. Caden already mind-linked him thrice saying that the food Stephanie prepared is cold and that there are issues that Damon needs to address. 
"We are going there.", Damon said and led the way. "Where did you learn so much about plants?" 
"Olivia taught me.", Talia responded. 
"Your friend?", Damon guessed. 
Talia smiled a little. "I like to think so. Olivia is the daughter of the pack doctor at the Red Moon pack. She found her mate and left the pack some time ago. Olivia taught me a lot about plants, and sometimes I would sneak into the library and take a book to read. No one reads these books, so they didn't notice them missing…" 
Damon listened with interest, happy that Talia finally revealed some bits of her pasts. From Talia's expression and tone, he deducted that she was fond of Olivia, and he wondered if there are other people that have a place in Talia's heart, and he also wished to be one of them. 
He picked up hints that Talia did things on her own, secretively. 
Talia was talking freely and smiling, and there were no traces of the timid and scared girl from the attic. 
Damon concluded that unless Talia feels threatened, she is an outspoken girl with a sharp mind and cheery personality. He liked that. He liked that a lot. 
---
###Chapter 37 - Welcome Home
Damon and Talia emerged from the last line of trees and Talia shrunk at the sight of the neat lawn and the mansion. 
Little by little, her steps became smaller, and her face was filled with reluctance. 
Talia understood that this is the packhouse, and things like a packhouse didn't bring happy memories. 
The packhouse at the Red Moon pack was a place where she was fine only while hiding. In the forest, she was happy, and she didn't want to go back to the attic. 
"This will be your home, Talia.", Damon announced and tugged her hand to start moving. 
'Her home?', Talia wondered if she heard him right. 
She knew that Damon lives there, and probably Caden and Maya and any other high-ranking members of the pack. But what about her? She is a nobody. 
Talia forced herself to stay present and to observe her surroundings. It will come in handy if she needs to flee. 
In terms of size, the packhouse was bigger than the one at the Red Moon pack. 
They came from the side, but Damon led the way toward the main entrance, so Talia saw the circular driveway and the lawn that had low green plants along its edges and several topiary trees that were cut in spiral shapes. 
It was simple and elegant, and she liked it better than the lavish front of the packhouse of the Red Moon pack that had colorful fragrant bushes and small ponds. 
They were approaching the main door, which was open, when Stephanie's voice reached them. 
"Any longer, and we would send a search party…" 
Talia panicked at the realization that she is holding Damon's hand. 
She tried tugging her hand free, but Damon tightened his grip. 
At the sight of Stephanie emerging from the door, Talia swiftly stepped behind Damon in an attempt to hide their connected hands. 
"Let go…", Talia pleaded while trying to pry her hand free. 
Damon enjoyed Talia's predicament. His grip was tight enough so that she can't get free, yet not strong to cause pain. 
Talia couldn't believe this. He is the Alpha, and she is nobody. How can they hold hands? It's not appropriate! If anyone sees them like this, she will become a target. Is that what he wants? 
"You said that this is only if I trip or get lost.", Talia spoke in an urgent whisper. "We are out of the forest, and we reached the packhouse, so…" 
At this point, Stephanie was looking at the duo and waiting for them to acknowledge her presence. She didn't see that Damon was holding Talia's hand, but she saw a girl struggling over something behind Damon's back and Stephanie didn't know what to think about the scene in front of her. 
Reluctantly, Damon released Talia's hand. 
He felt the loss of Talia's touch and balled his hands into fists in an attempt to stop himself from reaching for Talia again. 
"Stephanie, this is the girl I mentioned. Talia." 
Stephanie looked at Talia who was still half-hidden behind Damon, and she did her best not to frown at the sight of bruises on Talia's face. 
"Hello, Talia. I'm Stephanie. Welcome." 
"Hi", Talia said apprehensively, and Stephanie waved at them to enter. 
"Come on. The food is ready. We can talk inside." 
Talia observed the interior which was clean and neat with just the right touch of elegance. Large windows allowed ample light, giving it an open feel and she could pick up Damon's scent of the forest and dark chocolate lingering everywhere. 
If she closed her eyes, she could easily mistake this place for a forest. Probably because of the scent and all the fresh air. 
Somehow, she didn't imagine that this is the place where a scary Alpha would live. 
A few young ladies peeked at them from behind the corner. Talia didn't miss hearts in their eyes as they looked at Damon. Talia concluded that those are Omegas. If they have any standing, they would approach Damon and talk to him. 
The dining room had a rectangle-shaped dining table in the middle, big enough to fit twenty people. 
The furniture was light gray in color, and chairs were cushioned in deep red, but Talia's attention was on the food that smelled divine. There were fruits and waffles and several different spreads. 
"I will get fresh coffee…", Stephanie said and disappeared through the door on the left. 
Damon went toward his usual seat, at the head of the table, and he gestured for Talia to sit on his left. 
"Do you want orange juice, milk, or coffee?", Damon offered to Talia. 
She picked the orange juice and Damon poured her a glass. 
Caden and Maya joined them at the table. 
Stephanie entered the dining room with a silver kettle that released steam from the top. 
She poured the hot beverage into Damon's cup, and the aroma of fresh black coffee reached Talia's nose. It mixed well with Damon's scent of dark chocolate. 
"Did you come here for second breakfast?", Stephanie asked Caden and Maya. 
"How can I allow my Alpha to eat alone?", Caden said with a straight face and beckoned Stephanie with his empty cup, indicating that he wants coffee also. 
"Well, he is not alone…", Maya said and the three of them looked at Damon who was putting a waffle into Talia's plate. 
Damon felt their gazes on him and grumbled. "Talia's hand is hurt, and I'm helping. Stop staring like a circus came to town." 
Talia lowered her head in embarrassment. She told Damon that she can manage, but he insisted and now everyone was looking at them. 
"Ignore them.", Damon said. "Do you want a jam or syrup with that?" 
"I'm not sure.", Talia said honestly. 
It was a long time since she ate fresh waffles, and things like jams and syrup were luxury items. 
Another odd thing was that she was seated at the table, in a dining room, with people. 
A lot of new things to process. 
Talia noticed the absence of Omegas. At the Red Moon pack, Omegas were always around, ready to serve Alpha, Beta, and their guests. It's not that Talia wanted someone to serve her, but Stephanie going to get coffee and everyone getting food on their own was unusual. 
After Stephanie poured coffee to everyone who wanted some, she also joined them at the table and grabbed a handful of grapes to munch on. 
Without Talia's input on waffle toppings, Damon placed a few strawberries next to the waffle and a dollop of whipped cream, and then he drizzled syrup over half of the waffle, and he applied plum jam on the other half. 
Talia rejected Damon's offer to feed her. "You already prepared everything. Please, don't…" 
She stopped talking when Damon started cutting the waffle into bite-sized pieces. 
"Talia…", Damon called, and she looked at him who was totally focused on cutting the waffle. "These are Caden and Maya, Betas of the Dark Howlers pack. And that is Stephanie. She takes care of the packhouse. If you need anything, you can ask them. They might be nosy, but the three of them are here to help me run this pack and they are doing a great job. Neither of them will tease or bully you, but if they make you uncomfortable, you should let them know. In time, you will get used to their sense of humor." 
Damon pushed the plate with a cut waffle in front of Talia and gave her a fork. "Now, eat." 
Damon's tone didn't allow for ions. Not that Talia had any. She was happy that he didn't feed her how he did in the hotel. That would be super embarrassing. 
She mumbled a thank you and started eyeing the food on her plate, silently deciding from where to start. 
Maya and Caden exchanged knowing looks, but they didn't say anything, not even through the mind-link, because they didn't want to risk Damon overhearing them (again). 
Damon's expression was stern, and he sounded bossy, as usual, but it was undeniable that he was giving extra attention to Talia. It was something no other girl received so far. 
---
###Chapter 38 - Late Breakfast
A blissful smile appeared on Talia's face as the buttery waffle with a hint of vanilla melted in her mouth together with the sweetness of the plum jam. 
'Caden told me that this girl is different, but only now I realized how much…', Stephanie's voice reached Damon through the mind-link. 
Damon guessed that Stephanie was alluding to the way he helped Talia with food. 
'There is nothing wrong with me helping the girl out.', Damon said and took a sip of coffee nonchalantly. 
'I never said that it's wrong.', Stephanie immediately responded. 
It was not wrong, but Damon never took a personal interest in any of the new members. 
Stephanie knew that Damon waited for Talia at the pack hospital, gave her his old room on the third floor, and now served her food. This was unheard of. 
Stephanie was not considering the possibility that Damon had romantic feelings toward Talia. 
She thought of Damon as a child, and compared to him, Talia looked like a little girl, innocent, in need of protection, and not romancing. 
On top of that, Talia was shy, timid, and less flashy than many who were after Damon, definitely not a seductress. It's like her presence was small and she was forgettable, even though her face had pretty features. 
Talia was bruised, and overall, Stephanie thought how Talia was pitiful which reinforced Stephanie's belief that Talia invoked the protective side in Damon. 
Damon might be crass and rough around the edges, but he suffered when his parents died, and since then, Damon never refused a person in need and that's exactly who Talia is. 
Stephanie's daughter, Lisa, is about that age, and Stephanie's heart ached at the thought that someone would be heartless to mistreat a girl like that. 
Talia's big, honeyed eyes were clear and bright, even though she was visibly apprehensive in the new environment. 
Stephanie didn't know how long Damon will allow Talia to stay in the packhouse; he didn't tell her anything other than to prepare a room. But she thought of helping Talia relax. 
"Talia…", Stephanie called. "Is there something you enjoy doing?" 
Talia blinked. Something she enjoys? No one ever asked her such a question. 
Seeing that Talia didn't know how to answer, Stephanie asked her next question, "Do you like cooking?" 
Talia understood the question as Stephanie's attempt to give her a job. Kitchen duties sounded much better than washing bathrooms and emptying trash. She could learn from experienced cooks and hone her skills and learn from the cookbooks also. 
Who knows... maybe one day she becomes a famous chef? 
As a great chef, she can cook for herself many delicacies she missed while hiding in the attic. That sounded like an amazing plan! 
All girls in the Red Moon pack get to help in the kitchen until the age of sixteen when they are assigned duties based on their position, but Talia didn't get a chance to cook since she moved into the attic which was more than a decade ago, so her cooking skills were limited, but she didn't let that stop her from grabbing the opportunity. 
"I can help in the kitchen.", Talia said with sparkles in her eyes that reflected her dreams of the scrumptious feast she will make for herself. Someday. 
Stephanie smiled. "I would love that. How about you help me prepare dinner today?" 
"Talia's hands are injured.", Damon said sternly. 
"I was thinking that she can help a bit and we can chat and get to know each other.", Stephanie explained. 
How Stephanie sees it, if Talia can hold a fork, she can pass an onion. It's not like Stephanie expected Talia to be involved in hard labor. 
Damon didn't like it. "With that thing around her wrist, Talia can't help with washing, chopping, or mixing. I want her to rest and focus on getting better. Talia will not have any tasks until she completely heals." 
"Of course…", Stephanie quickly said and looked at Talia. "After your hands heal." 
Talia nodded in agreement. 
Talia didn't think much about cooking before Stephanie brought it up, but it's a skill everyone should have, and this looked like a great opportunity to learn. 
Damon could see that Talia's wheels were rolling as she was coming up with some ideas, so he had to ensure she heard him. "You are not allowed to work until Travis and I say that you can. Until then, I want you to take it easy and rest." 
Talia wondered how far that 'take it easy and rest' will stretch. "Can I go to the forest?" 
Damon frowned while thinking about how to answer this. He didn't like the idea of Talia wandering who-knows-where. He needed her in the visible range. Or closer. 
"You can go to the garden.", Damon said after some time. "If you want to go beyond that, let me know. I don't want you to get lost." 
Talia exhaled helplessly. Why does Damon think that she gets lost easily? 
She didn't want to appear needy or ungrateful, but this sounded like limiting her freedom. She took a mental note to bring this up again later when scary Alpha is in a better mood. 
With Talia's stomach getting filled, fatigue took over. After a night awake in the car, and a morning in the packhouse hospital, she was ready to sleep. 
Talia yawned. 
"You must be tired.", Stephanie stated the obvious. "When you are done with food, I will show you to your room." 
Talia was full, but there were a few more delicious bites that included strawberries and whipped cream which she saved for the end, so she decided to finish those, even if it means that she will get a tummy ache later. 
"Careful with that!", a shrill scream drifted from the hallway. "That's Louis Vuitton! If you damage it, even if you sell a kidney, it won't be enough to fix it. How can you be so useless? Take it to my room!" 
Talia glanced around at the faces around the table. 
Damon was busy with his food, Caden and Maya frowned, and Stephanie shook her head for a second before she locked eyes with Talia. 
"You are done, right?", Stephanie said with urgency while standing up. "Let me show you to your room." 
Before Talia could respond, Stephanie helped her up and was practically pushing her toward the side door. 
"Let's go through the kitchen, so you see where it is…", Stephanie said while beckoning Talia with her eyes to hurry. 
Talia glanced at the back to see the last two strawberries in her plate that she didn't get a chance to eat, and she saw Damon looking her way with a small frown on his handsome face, and then his head whipped to the door which connects to the hallway. 
"Damon, baby!", a curvaceous brunette said with a big smile. "You need to teach those Omegas how to treat their Luna…" 
'Luna?', Talia was flabbergasted. 'How many Lunas can one Alpha have? Didn't he come to the Red Moon pack to marry Marcy?' 
Talia was distracted because Stephanie was leading the way through the kitchen and then into a hallway before they started walking upstairs. 
"I thought you will show me my room.", Talia said to Stephanie with confusion obvious in her voice. 
"Yes. We are going there." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line, and her heart started racing uncontrollably. They just passed the second floor. Why are they still going up? Is she going to end up in an attic again? 
"Here we are…", Stephanie said in a singing voice while opening the door of the room on the third floor. 
Talia glanced inside, not daring to take a step over the threshold. 
A big four-poster bed, a work desk, sitting area with a low coffee table, a sofa, and two sofa chairs… there was a reading nook with big pillows under the window on the left, and a full bookshelf next to it… and two doors on the right wall were open, so Talia could see a bathroom and a closet. 
She blinked a few times and then looked at Stephanie. "Are you sure we are in the right place?" 
"Yes.", Stephanie confirmed with a smile. 
---
###Chapter 39 - New Room
"Based on your reaction, I can guess Alpha Damon didn't tell you that you will be staying in his old room." 
"His old room?", Talia repeated robotically. "Don't you have any other room to give me?" 
Stephanie shrugged. "Don't look at me, girl. I'm just following orders. Come inside and see how you like it." 
"You traveled the whole night, and then went to the hospital. I guess you want to shower and rest, right?" 
Talia nodded at Stephanie's words while observing the room and her sight stopped at the intricate woodwork on the mantle that surrounded a massive fireplace. 
"Uhm… they didn't bring any suitcase for you. Do you have any clothes?", Stephanie asked. 
"I had clothes wrapped in a bedsheet. That was in the trunk.", Talia said. 
"Give me a second.", Stephanie lifted her finger, indicating to Talia to wait, and she mind-linked Maya. 'Did you bring Talia's things inside?' 
'What things? Other than one book and a few trinkets, Talia has only a few items that are worn out and don't fit her. I will take her shopping as soon as I finish a few tasks here.' 
Stephanie pressed her lips into a line, and she felt her eyes stinging from the unshed tears. She couldn't imagine how bad were Talia's living conditions before coming here. 
She got an idea. 'Don't worry about shopping for now. I have a few things from Lisa that are in good shape. I'm sure they will fit her.' 
'Oh, great.', Maya responded enthusiastically. 'Since it's not urgent, I will still take Talia shopping, but not today. Can you go into my closet? The second drawer on the left. There are few boxes of unpacked underwear that Caden got for me when we started dating. I think they are still in the gift bag as I kept them for memories, but it's not important. They are small for me, so I never wore them, but they should be good for Talia.' 
Stephanie was happy with this solution. 
"Maya mentioned that she will take you shopping, but not today because everyone is busy after being a few days away. Let me get you something." 
Stephanie quickly left the room, leaving Talia behind. 
Talia moved to the middle window and saw the circular driveway and the road that disappeared among the trees. 
She remembered the plants she saw in the forest while walking here, and she was eager to return to the forest and harvest some. She never had a stockpile, and she knew that she needs to take the mixture for diminishing her scent soon, because the effects of the previous dose will wear off within two days. 
It was a trial and error, but Talia confirmed that as long as she takes them once a week, no one can pick up her scent unless she is close. It's not that Talia planned to hide or sneak around, but the fact that no one could track her was a layer of protection she craved for. 
Talia took a moment to absorb the fact that this luxurious room was given to her, and even though she didn't know for how long, she was grateful even if it's just for one day. 
Talia remembered that when Damon spoke to her in the attic, he told her that if she comes with him, she will have a room better than the ones downstairs at the Red Moon pack, plenty of food, a doctor to tend to her wounds, and no one will bully her. 
She just arrived and she already saw a doctor, filled her stomach, and got a fancy room. And so far, no one bullied her, and people seem nice. She will take it. 
Talia smiled a little. It seems that scary Alpha Damon is a man of his word. 
After a brief knock, the door opened, and Stephanie entered the room with a big suitcase that swelled how full it was. 
Stephanie opened it and some things flew out of it. 
"These belonged to my daughter, Lisa, before she left the pack. I had no idea why I was still holding onto them, but now I think they will come in handy. If you can find a few things, then there will be no rush to buy new clothes. Take whatever you need." 
She gave Talia a small gift bag. "Here is underwear. I hope it will fit." 
"Thank you…", Talia accepted the underwear without looking at it and started going through clothes. 
There were many colorful items with pictures of kittens, rainbows, and unicorns. 
"Did your daughter leave when she found her mate?", Talia guessed. 
"No. Lisa was twelve years old when she left." Stephanie felt awkward that she is giving Talia clothes that belonged to a preteen, so she explained, "Lisa was a chubby child, and considering that you are on the skinny side, something should fit you." 
"Why did she leave?", Talia continued probing. 
"At that time, the Dark Howlers pack was unstable. I sent Lisa to stay with my sister temporarily, while I helped Damon and Caden here. After some time, Lisa made friends and asked me if she can stay longer. That longer turned into years, and already seven years passed." 
While listening to Stephanie's story, Talia found several leggings and t-shirts that were acceptable. There were even cute jeans shorts and one oversized tank top that could easily pass for a nightgown. 
Talia and Stephanie re-packed the suitcase together. 
"Lisa is about your age. She will visit soon, for the fair. I'm sure you will get along well.", Stephanie said. 
Talia didn't comment on that. Other than Olivia, she didn't have friends, so Talia didn't feel comfortable committing that things will work out between her and another person. 
"Can I ask you something?", Talia spoke reluctantly. 
"Sure." 
"Can you bring my stuff to me? I know it's not much but it's all I have." 
Stephanie nodded in agreement. "Go wash up and rest. Do you want me to wake you up for lunch?" 
Talia was confident that she will sleep through the day. "No, please. Is it OK if I go to the kitchen and grab something when I get hungry?" 
"You are free to go anywhere.", Stephanie assured her. "If the door is closed, you can assume that it's either a bedroom or someone is inside. You are free to knock and check. If it's anything important, it will be locked. Alpha Damon said that you can go to the garden, and if you plan to leave the packhouse beyond that, notify someone so that we don't worry." Stephanie paused and her expression turned sour. "If you bump into Cassie, just ignore her." 
"Cassie?" 
"The noisemaker who arrived when we left the dining room." 
Talia remembered the brunette. "You mean, your Luna." 
Stephanie frowned. "Goddess, I hope that doesn't happen." 
"You don't seem to like her." 
"No one likes Cassie.", Stephanie said. 
Talia was confused. That brunette made a noisy entrance and called herself Damon's Luna. How can she do that if no one likes her? 
"Does Alpha Damon tolerate people he doesn't like?" 
"Alpha Damon is complicated. Many women are swarming around him and wanting to be his Luna, yet he can't pick one." 
"What about Marcy?" 
"From the Red Moon pack? You know her?", Stephanie asked, and Talia nodded. 
Well, she knows who beat her up, twice. 
"Are you from the Red Moon pack?", Stephanie continued asking and Talia confirmed. 
Stephanie let out a long breath and shook her head. "I heard that Marcy is not the one either. I really don't know what that child is thinking. Damon has so many candidates to be his bride, and he is not accepting them, or pushing them away…" 
Talia understood that Damon's love life is complicated. 
Considering how Marcy reacted because of Damon, Talia took a mental note to stay away from Cassie. Or even better. She should stay away from Damon. 
After a brief chat, Stephanie remembered, "These arrived for you from the pack hospital." Stephanie gestured toward the medicines on the bedside table. "Capsules are for the swelling and pain management. Take one in the morning and one in the evening for a week. The little white ones are additional painkillers which you should take if the capsules are not enough, but no more than four a day. And cream is for the bruises… You can call me or Maya to help apply it on areas you can't reach…" 
Talia listened carefully and she was touched because this was the first time that she had a doctor giving her medications and such instructions. 
It was a day of many firsts. 
Stephanie left so that Talia can get ready and rests. 
Talia took her time in the bathroom. 
Before washing herself, Talia quickly rinsed in the sink the bra and panties she was wearing previously and hung them at the top of the shower door to dry. 
The shower was hot and relaxing, and the towels were fluffy. 
Talia peeked into the bag that had her new underwear and her eyes nearly bulged at the sight of a dark red lacy bra and a matching thong. There were three sets; one hot red, one dark red, and one black. 
The panties were thongs, while bras were slightly different. The dark red one was lacy, the hot red bra was mesh-like, and the black one had strings weaved like spiderwebs. At the bottom of the bag, Talia found two small tassels that had attachments, and she guessed that they go on bras. 
She was grateful for the new underwear, but she never wore something so racy, and the idea of a thong getting between her butt cheeks didn't seem comfortable, not even a little bit. 
She will sleep anyway, and she decided to go commando (aka without underwear). By the time she wakes up, the underwear she wore previously will dry, and she can wear them again. 
Talia put on an oversized tank top that reached half of her thighs. It was a bit breezy down there without panties, and loose around arms so if she moves about, her breasts might peek from the side, but she was going to bed, so... it was fine. 
When she got out of the bathroom, Talia spotted on the bed things wrapped in a worn-out bedsheet and she smiled a little. She took the Cinderella book and placed it on the bedside table, next to the medicines. Talia didn't care much about the clothes, but that book was precious. 
Seeing the big bed waiting for her, Talia couldn't resist the temptation, and she jumped on it. 
She enjoyed the bouncy mattress, giggling like a child for a few minutes before going under the cover. 
The mattress was just right, and the pillow was like a cloud, and the cover was warm and fuzzy, and Talia fell asleep the moment her eyes closed. 
---
###Chapter 40 - A Way Of Protecting Talia
In the dining room, ten minutes ago. 
Damon was caught by surprise when Talia left with Stephanie. He wanted to go after Talia, and his wolf agreed, but then Cassie appeared at the door and Damon paused. 
If he goes after Talia, Cassie will notice and target her. 
'You were supposed to get rid of Cassie a long time ago!', Damon's wolf growled in his head. 'Sent her packing and go after our mate!' 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose. 'Cassie is just a fly. But a fly with a hurt ego and big mouth can cause damage. Even if she doesn't know that Talia is my mate, just the fact that I'm treating Talia differently will put a target on her back.' 
'So, what is the plan, wise guy?', his wolf asked sarcastically. 'You will pretend that mate is not here until this annoying she-wolf leaves?' 
'I can't act differently. Talia's safety comes first.' 
His wolf snorted in disapproval. 'How about you go and shag every she-wolf in ten miles radius? In that way, no one will suspect you have a mate.' 
Damon gritted his teeth in annoyance. 'If you don't have anything useful to suggest, then go back to sleep!' 
By this time, Cassie was next to Damon, grinning at him. 
"Why are you here?", Damon asked Cassie grimly and pointed at the door through which she came in. "Who gave you the right to reprimand my pack members? And who allowed you to stay in a room?" 
"Damon, baby…", Cassie leaned to hug him, and Damon stood up, dodging her by a hair. 
"It's Alpha Damon!", Damon snapped and released his Alpha aura, making her lower her head in submission. 
Did she ignore his questions, thinking that getting chummy will fix things? Since when was he easily coerced by pleasures of the flesh? 
Damon's rage was directed at Cassie, but Caden and Maya also lowered their heads. No one could deny that Damon can suppress them easily without lifting a finger. 
This was not supposed to happen. 
Normally, Damon would let Cassie greet him with a hug and a kiss. Yes, he would always reject Cassie as his Luna, and he told her that she can't call herself his girlfriend (or anything related to him), but Cassie was fine for a temporary release. She was pretty and available, and willing. From Damon's point of view, it was perfectly fine. 
However, this time, just the thought of Cassie's touch made his stomach tie into knots and he couldn't make himself go through it. 
"Miss Cassie…", Damon called stiffly. "Even your father can't come here without an appointment. Don't mistake my politeness for weakness." 
"You can't treat me this way…", Cassie said through her teeth. "I gave you my first time and many others. You owe me." 
"That's why I didn't snap your neck so far, but there must be a limit to how much one's virginity costs. I believe I paid for yours several folds so far. But if you think you are worth more, give me a number, and we will negotiate. ", Damon responded, and Cassie's face contorted with anger as he spoke. 
"We should write up a contract so I know that the final payment will prevent you from bringing up that point again. Maybe your first time was important to you, but for me, you are just one of many." 
Cassie was never so insulted! 
Did he just treat her like a hooker? 
And he was not done talking! 
"I will let my Betas explain to you about rules we follow here and if I see you again without an appointment, don't blame me for being impolite." 
Damon walked out of the room, and only when he was out of sight, the three people resumed breathing. 
Caden and Maya exchanged glances. That was intense. 
Yes, Cassie is irritating, always was, and always will be. However, Damon didn't pay attention to her so far. If he was busy, he would ignore her, and if he was willing, he would play with her. But he never snapped like this. 
Cassie would play various games to get Damon's attention which sometimes worked more or less, and she would boss around Omegas in the packhouse, imagining that she is the Luna, and leave after a few days, but this was the first time for Damon to reprimand her like this. 
Cassie was in shock. 
Maya glanced at Cassie who stood in place like her feet grew roots. Her hands were balled into fists, and she was shaking profusely either because of fear or anger. Probably both. 
'Why is he letting us deal with his trash?', Maya asked Caden grumpily through their mind-link. 
'You saw him. If he deals with her, we will have a task to come up with an explanation of how Cassie died on our territory.' 
'He must be grumpy because Talia left.', Maya said and Caden nodded in agreement. 
'And that confirms that Damon is set on keeping Talia a secret…', Caden responded in a singing voice. 
Cassie lifted her head and glared at Maya and Caden. "Damon can't treat me like this!" 
"It's Alpha Damon, Miss Cassie.", Maya spoke in her official tone. 
Cassie sneered. "When I become Luna of the Dark Walkers pack, you will need to answer me." 
Maya shook her head. "I suggest you get your act together, Miss Cassie because this was just a warning. No one disrespects our Alpha and gets unpunished." 
Cassie didn't get it. "Disrespect?" 
Caden responded instead of Maya. "Miss Cassie, if you didn't understand so far, Alpha Damon has no intention of making you his Luna. He was tolerating your presence because of your father. For the same reason, he didn't summon our warriors to escort you to the border of our territory, but he gave you a choice to leave on your own. Don't test him." 
… 
Damon went to his study and powered on the computer. 
He shoved his hand in his hair angrily. 
Why did he snap like that? 
He was supposed to let Cassie do her usual routine, and she would leave in a few days without suspecting anything. But he ruined it. 
Actually, he forgot that Cassie was coming. 
Damon was so focused on Talia, that he neglected everything else. 
Now that he thinks about it, if Cassie figures out that Talia is here, it won't take her long to assume how Talia is important to Damon, and that will be more than enough to start rumors. Rumors spread faster than a wildfire and it will be only a matter of time before someone comes for Talia. 
What if he can't protect Talia? 
What if he ends up in a situation where he needs to pick between Talia and his pack? 
Damn it! 
He took a deep breath and looked at the screen which flashed with notifications. 
Just as he expected, his inbox was flooding with unread emails. 
Damon didn't feel like working. What he really wanted to do was to go to the third floor and snuggle with Talia or at least confirm how she is doing. 
Ah, if he thought about this earlier, he would install cameras in that room, so that he can watch her. 
Damon mind-linked Stephanie. 'What is Talia doing?' 
'She is picking clothes from the stash that Lisa left behind.' 
Damon frowned. 'Why are you giving her secondhand items?' 
'Because she has nothing else to wear, Alpha. Maya will take her shopping, but until then, these will do. There is nothing wrong with these clothes. Lisa barely wore them, and some still have tags on.' 
Damon grumbled internally. He wanted to dress Talia in Chanel, Dior, Versace, and Valentino, and not some no-name labels from the mall that someone else left behind. 
Why would she wear shabby clothes, if he is loaded with money? Damon's money is made for Talia to spend! 
Damon decided to take Talia shopping, and he will personally pick clothes for her. 
He could imagine himself sitting in front of the dressing room, and Talia would come out and strike a pose to show him how the dress he picked fits… and then she will need help with the zipper in the back, so he will join her in the dressing room, and help her out with more than just a zipper. Ah, the possibilities! 
Damon remembered the feeling of applying cream on her back, and his palm tingled in response. 
He really wanted to touch her. 
He will definitely take her shopping. 
Damon regretted that he didn't get to show Talia her room personally, so he had to ask, 'Does Talia like the room?' 
'Talia is a quiet girl. She didn't say anything, but I think she likes it.', Stephanie responded. 
Damon remembered that when it was just the two of them, in the forest, Talia was talking and smiling, and she didn't make a big deal about them holding hands until Stephanie showed up. 
It told him that Talia was comfortable with him, only him. It made him smile a little. 
Damon concluded there is a good chance that in the right environment, Talia will come out of her shell. 
'How long is Cassie staying?' 
Stephanie's question which came through their mind-link pulled Damon out of his thoughts. 
'I don't know. Probably as usual.', Damon responded honestly. 
He wanted to chase Cassie away, but he already snapped at her, which is something he never did before, and if he does anything more drastic than that, Cassie will definitely be suspicious. 
'Can you tell Talia not to pay attention to Cassie?', Damon asked Stephanie. 
'I will.' 
'Did Talia say what she plans to do later?' 
'Rest.' 
Damon wanted to ask more, but it would risk exposing himself more than he already did, so he decided to stop. 
Talia will rest, and he had a lot of emails to go through. 
He will check on her later. 
---
###Chapter 41 - Cassie’s Act
Author's note: see Cassie's photo in the comments 
- - - 
Cassie entered her room (aka the guest bedroom on the second floor where she usually stays when she visits the Dark Howlers pack), and she paced while biting her nails. 
She understood loud and clear that Damon wanted her out of here, but how can she leave? She just got here! 
Damon was never ecstatic to see her, but she always played her role of an airhead perfectly. She would ignore his grumpiness and accept any affection, and he never told her to leave. What changed? 
Cassie got her phone and called her father. 
"Hi, pumpkin…", her father said in a singing voice that doesn't sound like it should belong to a vicious Alpha Richard of the Steelbite pack. 
"Hi, daddy…", Cassie spoke in a whiny voice which told him that something is not right. 
"What happened?" 
"Damon told me to scram." 
He snorted. "What did you do?" 
"Nothing. Really. Absolutely nothing. I arrived and I wanted to greet him, but he acted like I have a plague or something. He used his Alpha pressure to make me submit and told me not to appear unless I have an appointment. I'm not sure what to do now. I don't want to leave. He just returned after spending two days with Marcy and I need to find out how far they went. But if I insist, I might irritate him more." 
"Relax, dear", Alpha Richard said. 
"How can I relax?" 
"Nothing happened with Marcy. I spoke with Alpha Edward and he said that things are looking good, but he didn't say that they sealed the deal either. It doesn't matter how far he went with Marcy or with any other woman, as long as he didn't agree to the Luna ceremony." 
"But if he didn't fall for Marcy, why did he avoid me?" 
Alpha Richard thought for some time before responding. "It sounds to me that he is under stress." 
Cassie snorted. "If he is under stress due to some random thing, he doesn't need to vent on me." 
"Don't you want to be his Luna?" 
"Yes, yes!", Cassie confirmed enthusiastically. 
"Then, you should learn to read his mood. Alpha's job is not easy. Other than managing his pack, Damon needs to handle relationships with other packs also. It's a job that never ends. When things are good, it's easy. But when he hits a rough patch, as his Luna, you need to observe and listen, and help him if you can, and if you can't then don't bother him." 
Cassie pouted while thinking about her father's words. "But… how can I observe and listen if he doesn't let me come close?" 
"He was probably irritable, and you came suddenly. I know you are a ball of energy, but you need to do it gradually so that he doesn't notice you coming. It's all about the right approach." 
Cassie smiled. "Thank you, daddy. You always know what to say." 
"Of course, pumpkin. Give him some time to cool off and try again but be more subtle. If all fails, be vulnerable. Real men love helping a lady in distress. And don't forget to pretend that you are clueless. If he suspects that you are putting on an act, he will really kick you out." 
"Got it, daddy." 
Cassie sent a smacking air kiss to the phone before ending the call. 
She plopped on the bed and stared at the ceiling. 
Right. She needs to give time to Damon to cool off and then she will try approaching him again. Later. 
But what should she do until later? 
… 
In the study room… 
Damon was still going through his emails when Caden entered after a brief knock. 
"I've got you these to check and sign.", Caden said while putting a stack of papers on Damon's desk. 
Damon frowned at Caden's gifts. "Did Cassie leave?" 
"Not that I know of, and I have no intention of going to her room to check." 
Damon's frown deepened. "That's not her room." 
Caden chuckled. "You know that she always stays in that room, and no one else uses it, so… it's Cassie's." 
Damon rubbed his forehead and Caden observed him curiously. "What's got into you?" 
"She is annoying." 
Caden agreed. "Cassie was always annoying. But what I don't know is what changed with you to suddenly tell her that she can't come without an appointment. You used your Alpha on her." 
Damon paused. How is he supposed to answer this? "Cassie is acting like she owns the place, bossing Omegas around and upsetting Steph." 
Caden nodded in slow motion. "Cassie always did that, but you never cared. When I asked you why we are allowing Cassie to stay, you would always give me a half-smirk and say how she has her uses. Did her pussy go bad or something?" 
Damon exhaled irritably. "Maybe I'm tired of her shit." 
He really didn't want to explain. 
Damon knew that Caden was suspicious, and he knew that Talia being his mate can't be hidden at this rate, but he didn't have a solution. 
Before anyone finds out that Talia is his mate, Damon needed to prepare himself and Talia for those who will come after Talia in order to get to him. She will be put on the spot, scrutinized, hunted. Some will come openly, and some will act from the shadows. 
Damon didn't want to see that. He wanted to see Talia energetic and happy, just how she was in the forest, earlier that day. 
The other option was for Damon to get his act together and to convince everyone that Talia is just a girl who doesn't mean anything. But how can he do that when every woman he met so far is just a vague outline, while he can remember every speck of golden in Talia's honeyed eyes? 
Damon would need to be indifferent toward Talia and allow women like Cassie to get close to him. 
He didn't care for Cassie. Her or any other, it didn't make much difference for Damon, but now just the thought of contact with any other woman was repulsive. 
Damon stood up abruptly. 
"Where are you going?", Caden asked. 
"I need a break. I'm going to shower…", Damon responded without halting his steps. 
… 
When he approached his room, Damon paused, and he fought a mighty internal battle while deciding which door to take. 
On his right was his bedroom, the master suite on the third floor. 
On his left was his old bedroom, and a faint scent of freesia told him that Talia is inside. 
Damon cursed under his breath and took the right. He needed a shower. A cold one. 
Shower didn't help to calm down Damon's raging emotions, and after dressing up, he went straight across the hall to find a cure for this newfound madness. 
Damon placed his ear on the door and listened intently. Nothing. 
He knocked gently a few times and waited. Nothing. 
Damon told himself to leave. Just keep on moving. But the only thing that moved was his right hand which held onto the doorknob, and he peeked into the room through the gap. 
"Talia?", he called. Nothing. 
Damon opened the door so that his head can fit, and he smiled when he saw Talia on the bed. 
He knew that he should leave. What will he say if she wakes up and finds him in her room? 
'Say that you were worried about her, so you came to check if she is OK', his wolf gave him an idea, and that was the last straw Damon needed to get into the room and close the door behind him. 
He slowly inched toward the bed, each step bringing him closer to the girl and her addictive sweet citrusy scent of freesia. 
Damon had no idea at what point he got close enough to sit on the edge of the bed. 
He reached for Talia's hand that was peeking from under the cover and he inhaled a shaky breath at that initial surge of sparks when his finger touched the inside of Talia's palm. 
He will never get bored of it. 
A second later, Talia's fingers curled around Damon's, and he smiled. Technically, she was holding his hand. He liked that. 
Talia rolled on her side, and the cover slipped lower, revealing her shoulder and upper arm. 
Damon held his breath when he spotted that the loose tank top shifted sideways, and Talia's breast was almost exposed. Almost. 
That was definitely a side-boob view! And it was a beautiful view. 
Damon stared at that area and chanted silently for Talia to move just a bit more. 
He really wanted to suck her there. 
Damon felt the pressure in his groin area increasing and cursed internally. 
Does she need to tempt him even in her sleep? 
Doesn't she know how hard was for Damon to keep his hands to himself? Probably not. She is innocent and gorgeous, and all the dirt is coming from him. 
Damon cursed again. Since when is he thinking about touching a woman as something dirty? 
A woman as wonderful as Talia is made for touching. His. Only his. 
If any other guy thinks about touching Talia, Damon will bestow him a marvelous death. 
Damon released a long breath while controlling his urges. 
Slowly, very slowly, Damon grabbed the edge of the cover and pulled it higher to conceal the source of visual temptation which sent pulses of need into his throbbing cock. 
He didn't trust himself that he will not start feeling her out the moment his shaky restraints snap. 
Damon observed Talia's sleeping face and fought mightily against his urge to lie next to her, aware that the pull of the bond was getting stronger by the minute, but there was nothing he could do about it. 
Damon held Talia's hand and closed his eyes while allowing the scent of freesia to fill his system, and everything faded. 
There were no sounds, no people, no Caden or Maya or Stephanie, and definitely no Cassie. It was just the two of them, Damon and Talia, and it felt like this room provided a sealed dimension that keeps everything else out, or maybe it was keeping Damon and Talia in. He didn't mind, as long as no one interrupted this peace that came over him. 
---
###Chapter 42 - A Thief In The Kitchen
Talia blinked herself awake and the first thing she noticed was the darkness. 
It was definitely past dinner time, but Talia didn't mind. 
She buried her head deeper into the pillow, indulging in the softness and warmth that came with the scent of the forest and dark chocolate. 
Talia paused and took a few sniffs to confirm that her nose is not playing tricks on her. 
Talia looked around to ascertain that she was on her own. 
She was confused. The room didn't smell like Damon before she fell asleep, but now it did. 
She liked his scent; it was a mix of her two favorite things: forest and a sweet treat. Talia wondered if Damon came to check on her while she was sleeping. 
Talia shook that thought away. Why would a scary Alpha come to check on her? 
It's more probable that Stephanie or Maya brought something that had Damon's scent on it. But she couldn't see anything different. 
Talia decided to stop thinking about it. It doesn't matter. 
She listened carefully, and there were no sounds she could pick up. Considering that it was dark and late, Talia thought of one pressing matter which included her going to the forest. 
Talia was happy that the underwear she washed earlier dried off. 
Putting those thongs on or going without would be uncomfortable. 
She got black leggings that reached just below her knees, and a dark blue t-shirt with a picture of two kitties sleeping in Talia's chest area. 
Unfortunately, other than shiny flip-flops that Maya gave her earlier and running shoes with cracked soles, Talia didn't have any other footwear, so she opted for flip-flops. 
The packhouse was quiet, with only dim lights along the hallways. 
When Talia reached the main floor, she remembered that Stephanie told her how she can go anywhere, kitchen included, so Talia decided to find a snack before heading out. 
… 
Damon spent most of his afternoon coming up with various scenarios related to handling his relationship with Talia. 
He didn't know if he can pretend that Talia is not important. Her scent was addictive and the sparks amplified it, and considering Damon's uncaring nature, it would be only a matter of time before people notice that he is acting differently around Talia. 
But maybe if he keeps his distance from Talia when others are around, it might work. 
No matter what happens, he was confident in one thing: he needs to keep her safe. 
Maybe later, when Talia's physical condition improves and she gains confidence, he will reconsider, but for now, it's better to keep her importance a secret. 
People close to him will probably notice, but those are only a few that Damon trusts anyway, so when they ask him about it, he will explain, but not sooner than necessary. 
Dinner was a lonely event without Talia, but Damon wanted to let her rest, remembering her sleeping face and the way she held onto his hand. 
Damon barely noticed Cassie's presence. She was quiet and didn't try to get close, so it was easy to ignore her. 
After dinner, Damon met with Maya and Caden in his office. 
They normally do this status meeting once a week, but since they were away for a few days, they decided to have one before calling it a day. 
They discussed ongoing issues and made decisions when needed, they finalized their story about Talia's presence in the pack, and of course, there were a few random topics at the end. 
"How is Talia doing?", Maya asked Damon. 
"She is resting.", Damon responded. He was not sure if Talia was still sleeping, but she was when he left her room, and he assumed that she would come down after she wakes up. 
"What are we going to do about Cassie?", Caden brought up the topic. "You told her to leave, but she is still here. Based on disobedience, we can escort her out of our pack's territory." 
Damon puffed his cheeks while thinking about the best solution. "Let's ignore her. In a day or two, she will get bored and leave. I believe that she understood I'm not going to put up with her antics and that's why she was quiet over dinner." 
Caden and Maya both frowned at this. 
"I think that Cassie was quiet because she is up to something.", Maya said. 
Damon didn't disagree with this, but... "I would love to kick Cassie out. Unfortunately, I can't do it without her committing a serious offense because I need to think about the pack. Based on Cassie's behavior so far, she is only after me, and saying that she is annoying is not a good reason to risk straining the relationship with the Steelbite pack. After Cassie leaves, we will send a memo to the Steelbite pack and any other in the area, that outsiders can't come and go as they please. Let's come up with a story that due to increased attacks, we raised our vigilance, and non-members can't come without previous approval. That will allow us to stop Cassie at the border next time." Damon spread his arms toward Caden and Maya. "If you have a better idea, I'm all ears." 
There were no better ideas. They all knew that Damon was right. 
They were in charge of a pack, and they had to put their personal feelings aside, even if they are backed up by facts. Unless there is firm evidence against Cassie, they can't just kick her out. 
But this was progress. 
Damon never considered preventing Cassie from coming to the Dark Howlers pack and the fact that she could come and go freely, emboldened her. 
Maya would love to be there when Cassie finds out that she can't come again because she doesn't have approval from Damon, Caden, or Maya. And Cassie will never get approval, unless it's official business and Alpha Richard (aka Cassie's father), sends her as pack's delegation. 
Of course, they all knew that Cassie is not coming here without someone supporting her, and that is probably her father. 
A girl with self-respect wouldn't allow repeatedly to be used by Damon when he feels like it. She definitely has an agenda. 
After the meeting, Caden and Maya left for their room and Damon went to get himself a drink; a glass of water or maybe orange juice, the same one Talia drank that morning. 
Damon planned that after having a drink, he will go and check if Talia is awake. 
"Alpha Damon?", Cassie called when he passed by the living room, and his steps halted. 
"Can I help you, Miss Cassie?" 
Cassie waited for Damon the whole afternoon, and she even looked in the common areas, but he was nowhere to be found. 
Over dinner, Damon acted like Cassie was not in attendance, but he didn't chase her away either, so Cassie was confident that whatever made him upset earlier that morning, passed. 
This was her chance to get closer to him. 
She bit her lower lip and gave him a coy look. 
"Alpha Damon, I apologize for my behavior this morning. I was not sensible of what's going on, and I acted recklessly." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "And what do you think is going on?" 
"You were stressed and instead of being mindful of your needs, I acted on mine. I didn't mean to be disrespectful. I was only excited to see you again." 
Damon didn't buy it, but he was curious what she was up to and if he just calls her a liar, there was no way she would admit it. 
"Apology accepted.", Damon said and made a step to the side. 
"Where are you going?" 
"To get a drink.", he responded. 
"Can I join you?" 
'Why are you considering it?', Damon's wolf grumbled. 
'This is a good chance to be with another woman.', Damon said, and when his wolf started growling, he quickly added, 'It's to protect our mate. This will be a test to see how far I can go without exposing myself and mate. It's better to check these things without an audience, and no one is around now.' 
His wolf didn't respond, but Damon sensed the resistance fading. 
Cassie's expression lit up when Damon told her that she can accompany him, and she was quick to latch herself onto his arm. 
Damon gritted his teeth and forced himself not to push Cassie away. He is a mighty warrior, and he can endure this. 
He was so focused on examining his emotions and containing his impulse to shake Cassie off, that he didn't notice another presence in the kitchen. 
Cassie turned on the lights and Talia froze with an apple in one hand and a broken chunk of bread in another. 
Looking at Talia's clothes and bruised unknown appearance, Cassie assumed that she is looking at an Omega. After all, if Talia has any standing, Cassie would remember her. 
Cassie frowned at Talia. "Are you stealing food?" 
Talia's eyes widened and her heart thundered in her chest at the unpleasant memories that resurfaced due to Cassie's expression and way of speaking. 
On instinct, Talia swiftly placed the bread and the apple on the kitchen counter like they burned her hands. 
Talia saw Damon glaring at her like she shouldn't be here, and her heart cracked a little. 
Talia lowered her head and closed her eyes while trying to suppress the swelling of negative emotions. 
Why did she think that this place will be any different? 
---
###Chapter 43 - Broken Trust
Seeing that Talia was not responding and that Damon didn't react, Cassie was emboldened. 
"Answer me!", Cassie hissed at Talia and spoke to Damon without removing her gaze from Talia. "Is this how your Omegas are acting? You really need a Luna to teach them some manners. Sneaking in the dark and stealing food, and then they even refuse to respond…" 
"That's enough, Cassie!", Maya said sternly from the door. 
Maya's heart cracked when she saw Talia's submissive stance. It's not that Cassie had any aura, but Talia was a broken soul who needed supportive environment. 
Maya walked to Talia and asked softly, "Are you OK?" 
Talia nodded faintly, but Maya knew that Talia was lying. 
Maya narrowed her eyes at Damon and spoke through the mind-link. 'Is this why you brought her here? I thought you promised her protection and not another type of hell.' 
"Come, let's get out of here…", Maya said to Talia while wrapping her arm around Talia's shoulders. 
"We are not done here", Cassie said stiffly, hoping that Damon will back her up. 
"What do you want, Cassie?", Maya snapped. "Do I need to remind you that you are a guest? You have no right to boss around or bully members of our pack. If they did something you don't approve of, you can report it. Do not act like a judge and executioner. If you have any problems with this, you are welcome to challenge me to a match. In case you win, I will gladly give you my position as the Beta of the Dark Howlers pack. And if you don't have the guts to face me, then stay out of my way." 
Damon watched as Maya led Talia out and rage bubbled inside him that was immediately extinguished by the feeling of guilt because he was angry at himself. This was his fault. 
Damon was surprised to see Talia in the kitchen, and he told himself to stay out of it because he shouldn't expose that Talia is important. After all, Cassie can flap her mouth, but Damon would never let her really harm Talia. 
Talia's defeated expression created an agonizing hole in his chest. 
He could see her disappointment and the moment when that little trust she had in him vanished. 
The pain was unbearable. 
'Talia is upset because of me.', Damon said to his wolf. 
'You stood and did nothing while that she-wolf disparaged our mate, and you broke the promise of giving her food because our mate left without eating anything. Again. And let's not forget that the same nasty she-wolf is attached to your left.', his wolf said with disapproval before retracting to the back of Damon's mind. 
'Maya, can you make sure that Talia gets something to eat?', Damon asked through the mind link. 
'Oh, so now you care about Talia?', Maya snapped at him. 'If you cared a minute ago, Talia would pick her food and not be chased out like a thief!' 
'Don't talk to me like that!', Damon growled. 
'Oh, I apologize, Alpha Damon. Where are my manners?', Maya responded sarcastically. 'I suggest that you stay away from Talia. Stick to Cassie, that's what you are good at, and leave this poor girl alone. She suffered enough. As your Beta, I will take the responsibility of arranging a different accommodation for Talia.' 
'No!', Damon shouted into the mind-link, but his message hit a wall which told him that Maya shut him out. 
… 
"Don't pay attention to Cassie…", Maya told Talia when they exited into the garden. "Cassie talks big, but she is no one. She wouldn't dare to harm you." 
Talia didn't respond. 
If Cassie is no one, why didn't Alpha Damon say something? 
Why didn't he clarify that Talia lives here? 
Why did he act like he doesn't know who she is? 
"I was not stealing.", Talia said after some time. "The lights were off, and I assumed that everyone was sleeping. I didn't need lights, so I didn't turn them on." 
"Our Omegas don't linger in the packhouse.", Maya explained. "They come once a week to clean and do laundry. They help with food preparations when we are hosting a party, and you might find one or two of them in the evening hours, helping Steph with dishes, and they turn off the lights when they leave because we don't have visitors after dinner hours." 
Talia thought how that was different. In the Red Moon pack, they had Omegas around until midnight, and the first ones would start their duties at dawn. 
That's why Talia assumed it was very late and no one was awake. 
If she knew, she would turn on the lights, and maybe that would allow her to avoid this all-too-familiar uncomfortable situation. 
"You were in the kitchen.", Maya said. "Are you hungry?" 
"No.", Talia denied it. 
It's not that she was not hungry, but she had a good meal that morning, and that's more than what she usually had. She was used to skipping meals and she didn't want to go back to that kitchen and risk meeting Cassie or anyone else. 
Talia remembered that Stephanie said how Cassie wants to be the Luna, and the way Cassie clung onto Damon's arm, it looked like she has good chances of accomplishing it. 
Talia decided that if Cassie becomes the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, Talia will leave. There is no way that a woman who immediately accuses a person of sneaking and stealing could be a good Luna. Talia already saw one which is selfish and heartless, and she didn't want to see another one. 
On the other hand, maybe she should just leave without waiting to hear how the matter between Cassie and Damon will conclude, because an Alpha who can watch while another is being wrongly accused and say nothing about it, is not a righteous Alpha. 
Somehow, Talia thought that Alpha Damon was different. 
"Do you want to go inside?", Maya asked Talia. 
Talia wanted to go into the forest, but she feared that if she says that to Maya, she will prevent her from going. After all, Alpha Damon told Talia that she can't go beyond the garden without notifying him. But then… he said that no one will bully her either. 
"Feel free to go back.", Talia said with a small smile. "I'm sure that Beta Caden is waiting for you. I will stay here a bit. I will be fine." 
"OK. Let's go shopping for clothes tomorrow afternoon.", Maya said and continued without giving Talia time to respond, "Talia, think about what you want. The packhouse is usually quiet and we don't have many guests, but if you stay here, you will attract attention. I'm not saying this to sway you one way or another, but I want you to be aware of your surroundings. I can arrange for you to stay with the Omegas, that will help you blend in. Or if you prefer on your own, we have apartments." 
Talia was unsure what to say. 
She didn't want to stay in the packhouse. Yes, the room was nice, and the bed was warm, and the towels were fluffy, but the scary Alpha only brought trouble with him, and based on tonight's episode, it seems that whatever protection he had for her, it ran out. But she was anxious at the thought of living with Omegas because those were her bullies from the past, and she never lived on her own so that was a completely foreign concept. 
Maya saw that Talia was on the verge of panic, so she quickly said, "There is no need to decide now. I advise you to stay here at least until your bruises heal. But think about it. OK? There are options for you. No one will force you to stay here or anywhere else, I will make sure of that." 
Talia relaxed a bit. "Thanks." 
"My room is on the second floor. When you climb the stairs, take right. It's the last room on the left.", Maya said and pointed at the last three windows on the second floor. The light was on. "If you need anything, anytime. Come and find me." 
With that, Maya left Talia in the garden. 
Talia was surrounded by silence that was broken by the occasional rustling of leaves under the breeze. 
It was a familiar feeling, yet somehow, she felt empty… like she lost something. She lost hope. 
Talia exhaled softly and shook her head. 
It's her fault. 
Since she accepted Alpha Damon's offer, she allowed herself to hope that things will get better, and this was not better. 
It was the same but wrapped in a different container. 
Just like many times before, Talia was alone in the darkness, hungry, bullied, and wearing clothes that used to belong to someone else. 
The kind face in the Red Moon pack was Olivia, and here is Maya, and maybe Stephanie also. But just like Olivia, Maya and Stephanie will leave her at the end because they have their lives and it's not their job to take care of Talia. 
Talia sucked in a sharp breath. There was no point in dwelling on what happened, other than to acknowledge that people are the same regardless of the pack, and unless she takes charge of her life, someone will always treat her like a doormat. 
Talia peeled her eyes from the three lit-up windows on the second floor and turned toward the forest that was shrouded in the darkness. 
Steeling her resolve, Talia started walking. 
No matter what the future brings, she knew that she will need her herbs. 
Talia relaxed the moment she entered the protection the trees provided. 
She didn't fear the darkness or the creatures of the forest, knowing that the biggest monsters are people themselves, werewolves included. 
Step by step, Talia made her way deeper into the forest and she carefully placed collected plants in the few sheets of paper towels which she took from the bathroom and concealed under the elastic of her leggings. 
Bunchberry, fringecup, moonflower, alumroot… they were all there, offering to Talia their leaves and petals like they knew she was coming. 
---
###Chapter 44 - Missing
In the kitchen… 
Damon pried his arm free from Cassie's hold and her eyes widened in surprise. 
Why did he back away? Why was he frowning? Things were going well, damn it! 
She composed herself and called sweetly, "Alpha Damon, do you think I was out of line?" 
"Cassie, you accused a teenage girl of being a thief. Do you really think that my pack members have a need to come here and steal food?" 
Cassie pressed her lips into a line, feeling wronged. "But she was in the dark which is proof that she was up to no good. How could she see anything with the lights off?" 
Damon took a moment to process what Cassie said, and he realized that Cassie was right: Talia was in the dark. 
The light in the kitchen was off and so was the one in the hallway. The visibility was close to nil. 
Werewolves have enhanced senses, proportional to the strength of their wolf. 
Cassie is a weak werewolf and the boost her wolf provides her is negligible when compared to other werewolves. 
However, Talia was able to move freely in the completely dark kitchen, which she was unfamiliar with. Doesn't that mean that the power her wolf is giving her is significant? 
An even bigger revelation would be that Talia has a wolf because if her wolf is gone, she wouldn't have any boosts. 
Talia's healing is low, but if her vision is sharp to the point of seeing in the dark, then she definitely has a wolf. 
There is a possibility that her wolf is weak and that's why is enhancing only her vision while other things are blocked. 
'What should I do?', Damon asked his wolf. 
If this was facing rogues, or determining a budget for the next quarter, he would know what to do, but right at that moment, Damon was lost. 
His wolf didn't respond, and Damon cursed under his breath. The old guy was still ignoring him because he allowed things to escalate. 
"Damon?", Cassie called while rubbing his forearm. 
He was spacing out for a minute, and it made her nervous. 
Damon yanked his arm away. "It's Alpha Damon. Don't forget that!" 
Absolutely confused, Cassie gaped at Damon as he took a big plate and placed in it the chunk of bread and the apple that Talia left behind. He looked into the fridge and grabbed some grapes and cheese and headed out of the kitchen, without paying any heed to Cassie. 
Damon took two steps at the time all the way to the third floor and paused in front of the door of Talia's room. 
The lack of her scent told him that she was not there, but he still knocked before entering the room. 
Damon placed the plate on the coffee table and tried contacting Maya on the mind-link, but she was unavailable. 
'Caden…', Damon went to the next person. 'Are you with Maya?' 
'No. She felt like sweets and went to grab something from the kitchen.' 
Damon exhaled in frustration. 'I just came from the kitchen. Do you know where she is?' 
The response came a few seconds later, 'She is in the garden.' 
Damon told himself to calm down. After the incident in the kitchen, Talia probably needs some air, and that's good because it will give him time to figure out what to say to Talia when she returns to her room. 
Damon couldn't leave it be and allow Talia to think that he doesn't care. 
He can't tell Talia how much she means to him, but he can tell her that Cassie is nobody. 
Minutes trickled slowly, and Damon switched between sitting on the sofa, to bed, and in-between, he paced through the room. 
He realized that more than an hour passed. 
Where is Talia? 
His heart ached and it was suffocating, and he was unable to stay still, so he went to the second floor and started pounding the last door on the left with his fist. 
"Is your mind-link broken?", Caden asked with a frown when he opened the door wearing only a bedsheet bunched around his waist. 
It was obvious that Damon interrupted something, but Damon didn't care. 
"Is Maya here?" 
"Yes. She is.", Caden responded dryly. 
"What do you want, Alpha Damon?", Maya grumbled while exaggeratedly dragging the last two words. 
"Where is Talia?", Damon asked while trying to make his way into the room, but Caden didn't move and his deep frown told Damon to give up on that idea. 
Caden knew about the incident in the kitchen. Maya told him that Cassie was doing her Luna-act while holding onto Damon and accusing Talia of stealing food. 
Seeing that Damon was on the verge of panicking, Caden enjoyed Damon's predicament. 
If Damon acted like an ass, he should pay for it. 
No matter the circumstances, Caden couldn't imagine the situation where Maya was in distress and he just watched. 
As an Alpha, Damon's animalistic instincts (mate bond included) should be much stronger than Caden's, and Caden had no idea how Damon was able to sit this one out and allow Cassie to disparage Talia. 
Caden narrowed his eyes at Damon. "You came at this hour, banging on the door. First, you ask about Maya, and then about Talia. Do you think that Talia joined us for a threesome?" Caden paused and glanced at himself, obviously making a point about his naked self. "Or did you start spot-checking every pack member in the middle of the night?" 
Maya was frustrated with how Damon allowed Cassie to bully Talia, and she didn't want to make his life any easier, but she had a strong feeling that he will not give up until he gets his answers. 
"Talia said that she needs air, so I left her in the garden. Maybe she is still there…" 
Damon didn't hear more than that, as he dashed down. 
"Why did you tell him?", Caden groaned at Maya while closing the door behind him. 
"Because he needs his mate just how I need mine.", Maya responded in a singing voice and bit her lower lip seductively. 
Caden had no ions. The bedsheet that was around him fell on the floor at the same time he jumped on the bed and pounced on Maya. 
… 
Damon frantically sniffed the air in the garden. There was no hint of freesia. 
He rubbed his face with force. 
This situation reminded him of the evening when he lost Talia the first time. They were in the kitchen of the Red Moon pack, and he was an ass… and she left… and he couldn't track her. The next time he saw her, she had additional injuries on her body. 
Damon told himself not to panic. 
Maybe Talia went to her room while he was talking to Caden and Maya. 
Damon dashed back to the third floor and his stomach sunk when he realized that Talia was not there. 
He went back to the kitchen, only to find it empty. He checked the living room and the dining room and the entryway, and he went through all the hallways, and even into the basement, with the hope of picking up Talia's scent. Nothing. 
Eventually, he returned to her room. 
A whirlwind of negative emotions crashed on Damon. Anger. Dejection. Guilt. Worry. Fear. They switched so quickly and amplified each other that he was unable to breathe. 
And he was caught unprepared when a gush of loneliness overtook his senses. 
Did she leave? Did he lose her? 
If she stayed in the garden, everything would be fine! Didn't he tell her not to go beyond the garden!? 
What if someone kidnapped her? 
What if she wandered off, and someone mistook her for a rogue? 
She was already hurt, what if she got hurt more? 
He was angry at Cassie for bullying her. 
He was angry at himself for letting it happen. 
He was angry at Talia for leaving. 
But she couldn't leave. Not yet. His territory is huge, so even if she was running, she was still within borders. 
'I want extra patrols around the border!', Damon shouted into the mind-link of warriors. 'Search for a she-wolf in her teens, wearing a blue t-shirt and black bottom. She is in her human form. The girl is not an enemy; however, she might be frightened. When you spot her, don't engage, and notify me immediately!' 
Damon could feel the commotion of his warriors stirring into action. They did this many times, whenever they have rogues attacking. 
With this, he had extra eyes and paws searching for Talia and he told them that she is not an enemy, so they will not attack. 
Damon wanted to go after Talia, but he didn't know which way she went. What if he takes the wrong direction? What if she comes back and he is not here? 
Damon sat on the bed and grabbed the pillow on which Talia slept. He buried his face in it and took deep breaths, inhaling the lingering citrusy sweet scent of freesia. 
The scent calmed him a little, but it also reminded him of the girl that went missing. And this was not any girl. This was his mate. 
Damon couldn't believe that this was happening. 
He didn't want a mate. 
He didn't want to meet her or acknowledge her. 
He hoped that all these foreign feelings will disappear, and he contemplated leaving Talia at the Red Moon pack and forgetting about her. 
Damon took the plunge and brought her with him, risking the exposure and endangering his pack because he couldn't leave her behind. Not like that. 
He decided to keep her close and safe, to feed her and buy her clothes and give her whatever she wants but he messed up and now she was missing, and he was on the verge of losing his mind. 
She was somewhere out there, in the cold, hungry, hurt, scared… and it was his fault. 
"Damn it!", Damon cursed loudly. 
---
###Chapter 45 - Back In The Room
"AWOOOOO!" 
A sky-piercing howl shook all the windows in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack, threatening to shatter them. The powerful sound echoed far into the distance, stirring every pack member with the might their Alpha possesses. 
"Will Damon be OK?", Maya asked Caden while blinking at the dawn which cracked through the windows. 
They heard four rapid thumps when Damon landed in the garden after jumping from his balcony on the third floor. 
"He will be fine.", Caden assured Maya and pulled her closer to him. "The border patrol just notified Damon that they found Talia." 
Maya wanted to ask for more information, but Caden was snoring softly already, so she gave up. 
Normally, warriors and patrols can't contact Damon through the mind-link. That is reserved for Caden, Maya, and Stephanie, and even those three know not to disturb him unless it's important. 
Warriors, scouts, and other pack members follow the chain of command which allows only a handful of people to contact Caden or Maya, and Betas will decide if they will handle the matter or inform the Alpha. 
Things related to warriors and security will reach Caden, Maya will be contacted on issues related to the pack members, and anything that involves the packhouse will go to Stephanie. 
These channels of communication are not very efficient, but without them, Damon would go crazy with everyone speaking into his head. 
In this case, since Damon asked them to look for the girl, the patrol who found her contacted their supervisor. The supervisor notified Damon directly and Caden was also included in the exchange. 
Back to the present… 
Damon ran through the forest, and he felt his muscles tensing to the point of aching, but he still kept on pushing. 
Normally, Damon enjoys the feeling of his paws digging into the forest's floor and the wind sweeping through his fur, but this time he was too focused on his destination. 
They told him that a girl matching the description he provided was found, and Damon felt the urgency to confirm that is Talia. 
Damon's steps paused when he saw four werewolves, in their wolf form, standing nearby. 
The four warriors stiffened when they spotted a massive black wolf approaching them and they all lowered their heads in submission. 
Damon whipped his head to the left and a low growl escaped him when he saw Talia sitting on the ground, with her back against the tree and her eyes closed. 
'Who was the first to find her?', Damon asked through the mind-link grimly. 
'It was me, Alpha…' 
Before the warrior could finish, Damon pinned him on the ground and snarled at him. 
'What did you do to the girl!?' 
The warrior whimpered. 'Nothing, Alpha.' 
'What do you mean, NOTHING!?', Damon raged with his teeth dangerously close to the warrior's neck. 'Why is she unconscious?!' 
'She is sleeping.', one of the other three warriors said, because the one under Damon was nearly paralyzed with fear. 
Damon snorted and glanced at Talia again. 
Her expression was relaxed and the slow rise and fall of her chest confirmed that she was sleeping. 
'You are dismissed.', Damon said curtly. 'Call off the search. The girl is found. I will take it from here.' 
The four warriors slowly backed away with their heads lowered. Once they confirmed that they've put enough distance between them and Damon, they swiftly disappeared among the trees. 
Damon sniffed the air, to ensure no one is around before he slowly approached Talia. 
He couldn't believe that she just fell asleep. 
How careless! 
Doesn't she know how many guys saw her relaxed sleeping face? Damon felt like gauging their eyes out. No one should see Talia like this with her guard down. No one. That's only for him to see. 
He nuzzled her neck with his nose and inhaled the sweet citrusy scent of freesia that came with a huge sense of relief. 
Talia was safe and at that moment, nothing else mattered. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia woke up in confusion. 
How did she find herself back in this room? 
Didn't she go into the forest? 
Talia remembered that she followed the invisible trail the plants created. She collected necessary ingredients for her to conceal her scent and once she ingested that mixture, Talia continued exploring goodies that the forest provided. 
Talia didn't feel like returning to the packhouse. She lost track of time and she stopped only when her aching legs reminded her that she was walking for too long. 
The painkillers wore off, and her injuries were aching all over, and she sat next to a tree to rest a bit, but then she fell asleep. 
Talia had a weird dream. It was about a massive black wolf with icy blue eyes. He was sniffing her neck and licked her cheek a bit, and the dream ended with Alpha Damon carrying her in his arms. 
Talia shook her head, rejecting to accept how any of that was real. 
Why would Alpha Damon bring her back while carrying her princess style? 
Ah, Alpha Damon! He told her not to go beyond the garden, yet she disobeyed him. She is definitely in trouble. 
Right, that was definitely a dream, because if he found her for real, he would scold and punish her, and not bring her back like a knight in shining armor. 
Talia blushed. In her dream, Alpha Damon didn't wear any armor. His torso was completely bare, and her cheek rested on his firm pec. Talia was not sure if Alpha Damon was wearing anything on his lower half, but she clearly remembers his scent that helped her relax and his every step rocked her back into sleep. 
Yup, that was a dream. 
The only explanation that made sense was that Talia went into the forest and was so tired that she doesn't remember how she returned. 
But, if that was a dream, why was her room smelling of the forest and dark chocolate again? It was not very fresh, but it was there, lingering in the air and in the cover, and some of it was in her pillow as well. 
Strange. 
Talia observed the room and saw a plate with bread and fruits and there was some cheese also. 
Her stomach rumbled, and in response, Talia scooted out of the bed and went to attack the food. It was more than twenty-four hours since she ate last time, and everything else could wait. 
The bread was hard, but Talia didn't mind. She would squish a grape and use its juices to moisten the bread. It was good. 
Talia jolted when someone knocked on the door. 
"Yes?", she called apprehensively. 
The door cracked open, and Maya's smiling face peeked in. 
"This is the third time for me to check on you.", Maya said and when she saw Talia's confused expression, she reminded her, "We are going shopping. Remember?" 
"We can leave when you are done with food." Maya frowned when she saw that Talia was eating hard bread. "Do you want me to bring you something else?" 
Talia didn't think about more food because what she had was enough. 
She pressed her lips into a line while thinking how to dodge shopping. She really didn't want to go outside this room, and shopping meant leaving not only the room but the packhouse as well. The people in the town will see her, and the ones working in stores as well… and there is a possibility that she might bump into Cassie or Damon, and Talia didn't want any of it. 
Her eyes fell on her wrist that had a firm wrap with Velcro on it, and she got an idea. 
"I'm sorry, Maya, but I don't feel well." 
Maya's smile fell. "Should I call a doctor?" 
A pang of guilt swelled in Talia's chest, but she kept on talking. "No need. It's just my injuries from before. As long as I rest, I will be fine." 
Maya was not sure if Talia was really hurting but she couldn't blame her for wanting some peace and quiet and Maya definitely didn't want to call Talia out. 
"Alright.", Maya said with a smile. "Take rest and we can go when you feel better. There is a nice sweet shop in town, so when we are done with shopping, I will introduce you to the best lime pie in the world." 
Talia's eyes sparkled and she nodded happily. If she knew that there will be pie involved, she wouldn't be so hasty to come up with an excuse. 
"Do you want to come downstairs to eat, or should I bring you something here?", Maya repeated her offer for food. 
Talia shook her head, rejecting the offer. "Don't trouble yourself for me. These are fine. I will wash up and rest." 
By now, Maya understood that Talia prefers to stay low-key and not attract attention in any way. 
Maya didn't know what Talia went through but seeing all the bruises and knowing that she lived in the attic told a heartbreaking story. 
Maya wanted to help Talia, but Talia was shrinking and closing in. 
A mate would be able to help her out the most because their bond draws the best in each other but considering that the other person for Talia is Damon, he would only make more damage. And he already did. 
---
###Chapter 46 - Restless Uncertainty
"Oh, before I forget…", Maya stirred the conversation the other way. "Don't tell anyone that you are from the Red Moon pack. The official story is that you grew up with your grandparents somewhere North and that after they passed, you came here with the goal to find a pack and we bumped into each other accidentally. Do you remember the gas station where Alpha Damon went out to purchase snacks on his own? It's the stop where you switched places with Caden." 
Talia nodded. 
"That's where we met. Feel free to fill in any gaps about your background.", Maya said and observed Talia who was listening intently with a hint of confusion on her face. "Do you know why this is important?" 
Talia shook her head, indicating that she doesn't. 
"If Alpha Edward suspects that we took you secretly, he might accuse us of kidnapping or stealing." 
Talia's eyes widened. "I agreed to come with you." 
"You did, but Alpha Edward is not on friendly terms with Alpha Damon, and he might use this incident to stir trouble." 
Talia didn't understand. If they are not friendly, why would Alpha Damon marry Marcy? 
She told herself not to think about Damon and his complex marital life. He had one Luna called Cassie, and he was about to marry Marcy, and she heard that there were numerous other she-wolves around him. Talia was not aware that polygamy was allowed in these times. 
But no matter who warms his bed, Alpha Damon brought Talia to the Dark Howlers pack, and she accepted without considering that it might have some consequences for him. 
"I didn't mean to make trouble for Alpha Damon or for his pack. What should I do?" 
"There is nothing for you to do, Talia." Maya put her hand over Talia's and gave it a few reassuring gentle taps. "Trust in Alpha Damon. He knew what he was doing when he invited you to come. There is a possibility that nothing bad will happen, but just to be on the safe side, if anyone asks about your background, don't mention the Red Moon pack. OK?" 
Maya was not sure if Damon had a plan when he snuck Talia inside the trunk, and it didn't seem that Damon knew what to do with Talia two days later, but Maya couldn't tell her that they are mates. It was not her to tell. 
After Maya left, Talia laid on her bed and stared at the ceiling while thinking about Maya's words and things that happened in the last few days. 
There was a mixture of feelings Talia couldn't identify as anything other than uncertainty which came with restlessness. 
She didn't know that her coming here could cause trouble for Alpha Damon or his pack. 
No one cared about her at the Red Moon pack. It will take them some time to notice that bathrooms are not being cleaned, but they will probably realize soon that trashcans are not magically emptied every night. But even if they notice, no one will know it's Talia who is missing; they will think that some of the other Omegas are slacking because Talia was practically invisible. 
Maybe Anna will miss a person to bully, but that's it. They called her a slave, a roach, a rat… no one called her by her name since Olivia left, so they probably don't know her name. And now that her hair is neat and she is wearing decent clothes, even she would have difficulty recognizing herself. 
Princess Marcy knew that Talia was in the attic, but she returned to the pack recently and she might think that Talia is not there because she hid in the common rooms with Omegas. Someone of Marcy's status won't lower herself to search for one lowly Omega. At least that's what Talia hoped for. 
But there was a chance that Omegas won't pick up Talia's duties, and Luna Layla and Alpha Edward might find out that the girl from the attic is missing. If that happens, what will Alpha Edward do? Will he really cause issues for Alpha Damon? In that case, what would Alpha Damon do? 
Alpha Damon is eccentric, and Talia was not sure if he was a good person or not, but the fact that he took her with him from the Red Moon pack, regardless of the risks, confused Talia. 
No matter what his personality is, she was confident that if he needs to pick between his pack and her, he will discard her in a heartbeat. 
Why would he risk anything for her? She is a nobody. 
He is an Alpha and he has the right to act and behave any way he wants. His status allows him to treat people based on his mood, and Talia found that nerve-wracking. 
One moment he was sharing a bed with her, pressing her against him, applying medicine on her wounds, feeding her… and then he looked at her like she was dirty while Cassie accused her of stealing and he did absolutely nothing. Actually, by staying silent he supported the bully. 
That confirmed her theory that Alpha Damon extended his hand to help her, but if he needs to pick between her and someone more important, she will be left behind. 
Maybe Alpha Damon has an identical twin. One is kind and uncomfortably clingy, while the other one is distant and heartless. That would explain Talia's interactions with Damon perfectly, but she knew that there was no second Damon. It was only one and he was extremely unstable. 
Talia firmed her resolve to leave as soon as she can, and she didn't know where to go, but she was confident that staying in this packhouse was not healthy. 
Maybe no one will beat her, but at this rate, she will die of stress. 
Talia didn't want to bump into Cassie or Damon, but hiding in this room was not practical. 
Even if no one chases her out, eventually, hunger will force her to find food and she didn't want anyone to accuse her of stealing again. 
More than beatings and name-calling, Talia was hurt by injustice. She was not stealing. She only did what they told her it's OK and Stephanie said that no areas of the packhouse are off-limits and that Talia can come to the kitchen and eat anytime. 
Talia's eyes were burning, but she refused to cry. 
Talia is not a crybaby. 
Her current situation didn't look good, but Talia knew that she will come up with something as long as she calms down and thinks rationally. 
She will take advantage of staying here until she heals, and by then, she will have a plan ready. 
Her current tasks: eat and sleep. 
She ate before showering, so now it was time to rest, and everything else will come later. 
Talia hugged a pillow and drifted off to sleep. 
… 
Damon spent most of the day with his warriors, training. 
After last night's call to find Talia, Damon wanted to ensure that no gossips are spreading, and he knew that his presence would assure them how everything is fine. 
While sparring with his best warriors, Damon took his time to reflect on the events from last night. 
He didn't know if Talia just got lost, or was really planning to leave, but he knew that she went into the forest on her own, even though he told her not to. 
How dares she defy him!? 
"Ugh…", a muffled cry reminded Damon that he was sparring with a warrior, and he nearly choked him. 
Damon loosened his hold. "Good job. Keep on practicing. Next!" 
Damon was going through the report in his head over and over again. He was anxious to the point of madness because the search took so long. His warriors have amazing skills not just in fighting, but in tracking as well, yet no one was able to pick up Talia's scent. 
The patrol who found her nearly tripped on her. If they were a few steps away, they would pass next to her. 
Damon concluded that if Talia didn't stop on her own, she could easily escape his grasp. 
Part of him was curious how is that possible, and part of him admired Talia's skills, but mostly, he was dejected and frustrated because he was so close to losing her. Damn it! 
How can one skinny girl escape his packhouse and avoid so many patrols like it's nothing! 
"Ahh!", a cry pulled Damon out of his thoughts, and he realized that he dislocated the shoulder of his sparring partner. 
Damon glanced to the side. "Medic! Get him out of here. Next!" 
Warriors are usually eager to take pointers from their Alpha, but today, they were reluctant to get on the mat with him. Something seemed off. 
Unaware of the wary gazes of his warriors, Damon continued sparring with his next victim… cough, cough… with his next partner, while his mind was stuck on the girl with copper-colored hair. 
Damon couldn't believe that he was anxious while thinking about Talia's safety, yet he found her sleeping in the forest like everything was fine. 
He was confident that Talia was sending him a message, how she can't be controlled or manipulated. He has no intention of controlling her, but he needs her to be close, in the visible range... preferably in touching distance. 
Damon was infuriated. From the moment he saw Talia in the forest, he wanted to teach her a lesson in obedience. No one defies him and gets away with it. No one! 
But he couldn't make himself wake her up. She was sleeping so peacefully in his arms, and she even rubbed her cheek on his chest. The sparks made him dizzy, and he exhaled helplessly. 
And then he placed her on the bed and covered her up and he sat next to Talia while holding her hand until late morning. 
---
###Chapter 47 - The Devil Himself
Between sparring sessions, Damon was contacting Maya through the mind-link, reminding her to take Talia shopping, but Maya told him that Talia was sleeping and that she shouldn't be disturbed. 
'Talia is sleeping. Considering her wounds, it's important that she rests. We can shop tomorrow.', Maya tried to reason with Damon. 
'No. Do it today.', Damon was not relenting. 
The truth is that he felt guilty. 
He knew that Talia left because of the incident in the kitchen, and he thought that if Maya takes her shopping, Talia will feel better and not try to leave again. 
The thought of Talia leaving was creating knots in his stomach. 
She nearly escaped, and next time, he might not be so lucky to find her sleeping in the forest. 
It was late afternoon when Damon finished training and returned to the packhouse. 
His shorts was sticking to his body, and his bare chiseled chest and abs were glistening due to all the sweat and he was itching for a shower. 
Damon heard Maya's voice coming from the kitchen, so he took a detour, completely ignoring Cassie who was ogling at him. 
"How did the shopping go?", Damon asked Maya, interrupting her talk with Omega who was stealing amorous glances at Damon. 
"We didn't go.", Maya responded. 
Damon frowned and continued through the mind-link, 'I told you to go today.' 
Maya was irked, but she knew better than to show it, so she plastered a smile. 'Talia would not enjoy it if I dragged her against her will.' 
'Against her will?' Damon was confused. Every girl loves shopping. 
'Talia doesn't want to leave her room and I don't blame her.' 
Damon snorted and went to his room. 
His steps halted in front of the door, and he went left instead of right. 
Before opening the door, he listened carefully. Nothing. 
He took a few sniffs and his anxiousness mixed with anger when he couldn't pick up Talia's scent. 
Did she leave again? 
Damon opened the door abruptly and froze at the sight of Talia who was sleeping on the bed, curled around the pillow. 
A slow breath escaped his lips and he backtracked out of her room. 
Before closing the door, his sight fell on the empty plate where bread, fruits, and cheese were. He left them there last night. 
The fact that Talia ate the food he left, made him feel a bit better. 
Damon went to his room and took a quick shower. 
He returned to Talia's room, but this time, with another plate of food that had fruits and croissants and it was wrapped in plastic wrap so that pastry doesn't dry off. 
Damon sat on the bed and reached to hold Talia's hand. 
He really needed to touch her, the sparks confirmed that she is there and that she didn't leave. 
He looked at her sleepy face and didn't move for a long time. 
… 
Cassie was irritated. 
Dinner passed, and Damon didn't come down. 
She saw him take a plate of food upstairs, the same how he did last night, and she knew that he took it to the third floor, but she assumed that it's for him, because she was not aware that someone else is on Alpha's floor (how Cassie calls it). 
Only once Cassie made her way to the third floor, and Omegas told her that it's not allowed, but when she ignored them, Alpha Damon showed up and chased her away saying that only his Luna will get to climb there. 
Well, isn't that her? It's only a matter of time, how Cassie sees it. 
There are numerous she-wolves coveting Alpha Damon, but Cassie is the only one who can stay in his packhouse. Doesn't that make her special? 
Cassie went to her room (on the second floor) and called her father. 
"Daddy", she whined. "Alpha Damon is ignoring me again." 
"What did you do, pumpkin?" 
Cassie pouted while trying to think about what she did to offend him. "I really have no idea. Last night, I apologized and he was fine, but then he was not." 
"Hmm…", Alpha Richard hummed. "Did something happen while he was fine?" 
"We went together to get drinks in the kitchen, and there was a girl stealing food. I called her out and she left with that pesky Beta." 
"What did Alpha Damon do?" 
"He asked me if I think that his pack members need to steal food." 
"And? Do you think they need to steal?" 
"No, I don't. But that girl was sneaking in the dark. If she was not stealing, what else was she doing?" 
"Sweetie, you are looking at this wrongly." 
"Huh?" Cassie was confused. 
"You want to be the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, right?" 
"Why are you always asking me that, daddy?", Cassie groaned. 
"I'm reminding you why you are there.", Alpha Richard responded. "If you want to be his Luna, you should act like one." 
"I don't get it.", Cassie admitted. "Alpha Damon prohibited me from calling myself his Luna." 
"This is not about titles but about behavior, pumpkin. Luna is the mother of the pack. If her children are hungry, she will provide for them, and not call them out on stealing. You need to be compassionate and gentle. Show him that you can be a good Luna for his pack…" 
Cassie listened intently. 
She knew what her father was saying, but she didn't want to be the Luna in order to pamper others. 
She is after the power and prestige which comes with that position. She dreams about standing proudly next to Damon. 
Omegas should have their duties and their mealtimes, and that doesn't include eating from the packhouse because that is for high-ranking members. Any Omega in the packhouse is there to work, and not relax and have snacks. 
But she knew that her father was right. No matter what her end goal is, she needs to put on a good fa?ade. After she secures her spot, she can do whatever she wants. 
… 
Damon stayed in Talia's room until she started stirring. 
He knew that she will wake up and he wanted to talk to her, to ask for an explanation. 
Why did she go to the forest? Didn't he tell her to stay put? 
Was she running away, or warning him that she can leave without him noticing? 
A part of him feared the answers. 
He didn't want to hurt her, but if Talia says that she wants to leave, Damon was not sure how he would react. 
While she was missing, he was spiraling into insanity while anger and fear consumed him, and if she says that it was on purpose, he might snap. 
And why did she refuse shopping? Was she punishing him by refusing him the chance to repent? 
At that moment, Damon decided to leave. 
They will talk tomorrow. 
By then, he will cool off and the risk of him snapping will be significantly lowered. 
But Talia didn't show up for breakfast, and she didn't show up for lunch either and he was back to being irritated. 
What is her game? To starve herself? 
Talia was either harming herself or defying him, or both, and neither of those sat well with him. With every passing minute, his impatience morphed into fury until he couldn't take it anymore. 
Damon filled a plate with food and stormed toward the third floor. 
What Damon didn't know was that Maya noticed how Talia was cooped up in her room, so besides bringing her food, Maya brought Talia a tablet and showed her how to go on the internet and browse. Talia spent quite some time reading news and looking at local maps to familiarize herself with the world and surroundings. 
Talia shrunk when she heard someone rapidly slamming on her door. 
She was sitting on the bed with a tablet in her hand, looking at the local map and figuring out nearby towns. It was nice and calm, and whoever was on the other side of that door made her anxious. 
Is the house on fire? Or did Alpha Edward find out where she is and something horrible happened because of her? 
The door swung open, and Talia's eyes widened when she saw Damon's dark expression. Did he come to punish her because she went into the forest without permission? 
"Why are you not coming down to eat?", Damon asked grumpily. "Do you think this is a hotel, and we should serve you?" 
Talia shook her head frantically, unsure why he was asking her that. Just the other night he stood and watched as she was being accused of stealing food. It seems that he changed his mind, and she was allowed to eat again. 
"Doctor told you that you are underweight. Did you forget that you need to have regular meals? Or are you starving yourself on purpose? I didn't bring you here to have you hospitalized." 
Talia realized that Damon was concerned about her weight. Did the kind doctor Travis call to check on her? Probably. Talia couldn't imagine that Damon would care about Talia's weight. Unless he was fattening her up so that he can eat her later. 
Only then Talia noticed that Damon was holding onto a plate filled with food. Was that for her? 
When she woke up last night, she found fruits and croissants, and that morning Maya brought her a nice sandwich and orange juice. 
Talia was not hungry, and she didn't want to risk seeing Cassie or Damon again, so she decided to stay in the room and avoid trouble, yet the devil himself was at her door. 
She was not sure what to think about Damon other than he was mentally unstable. 
---
###Chapter 48 - Bossy Damon
Seeing that Damon was looking at her grimly from the door of her room, Talia didn't dare to provoke him. 
Talia didn't have the faintest clue what caused his current mood (or what that mood was), but she decided to play it safe, and she lowered her head. 
"I apologize, Alpha Damon.", she said in a small voice. 
'BAM!' 
Talia jolted when the door closed loudly, and she inhaled sharply at the realization that Damon was only half a step away from her. 
It took him only a second to cross the distance between them. 
Damon grabbed her chin with his index finger and thumb and forced her to lift her head and look at him. 
"What did you call me?" 
He was leaning above her, and his angry words splashed on her face. Talia blinked rapidly, unsure what he was getting at. 
Seeing the horror in her eyes, Damon let go of her chin and put his palm on her cheek. 
"I told you to call me by my name. Damon. Just Damon. Say it." 
His tone was much gentler, but his gaze was unwavering. 
"Damon", Talia said quickly, hoping that this will pacify the unstable scary Alpha. 
Damon smiled and his eyes fell on her lips. 
He really wanted to kiss her. 
But he knew that if he makes his move now, it will look like he is forcing himself on her. 
Why can't she have hearts in her eyes like all other women in his proximity? That would make things so much simpler. 
Damon took a step back, and then another, and another… and he placed the plate with food on the coffee table. 
"Eat, Talia." 
Seeing that she didn't move from the bed, Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. 
"Should I feed you?" 
Within a second, Talia was on the sofa with the plate in her lap. 
Damon smiled victoriously and took a seat next to her. 
Talia observed the plate. There were roasted potatoes, rice with finely chopped vegetables, chicken drumstick and a thigh, two thin slices of chicken breast with gravy on top, a dinner roll, and a smidge of cranberry sauce. Talia thought that this must be some feast. 
Damon propped his chin on his palm and looked at Talia with a smirk. 
"If you came down for lunch, you would get to enjoy fresh salad and chocolate pudding for dessert, but you missed those." 
"This is more than enough.", Talia responded honestly. "I don't remember if I ever ate something like this in one sitting. Thank you." 
Damon's heart cracked. He remembered Talia's appearance when he found her in the attic and he let out a long breath to calm his emotions. 
Talia started eating and she was extremely uncomfortable that Damon was watching her every move, but she didn't dare say anything other than, "Aren't you busy?" 
Damon nodded. "I am." 
"You can go about your business. I will finish the food." 
"My business is to wait for you to clean up that plate, and then I will take you shopping." 
Talia swallowed hard, unsure if she heard him right. "What?" 
"You are refusing to go shopping with Maya, so I will take you." 
Talia paled. She rejected Maya so that she doesn't attract attention, but if she goes with Alpha Damon, it will be a hundred times worse. 
"I don't have any money.", Talia said weakly and Damon frowned. 
"Did I say that you need to pay for anything?" 
"There is no need for shopping. These are fine.", Talia said weakly. 
Damon hummed ambiguously and his eyes moved over her body, from her head down to her toes. He liked what he saw, she looked good in anything, even though he would prefer her without any clothes. 
Talia shrunk under his gaze. Somehow, he made her feel naked. What the hell? 
"You have an appointment with the nutritionist tomorrow. It's in the human city. Will you go in that?", Damon asked, and Talia glanced at the white t-shirt on her. It had a rainbow unicorn on it that said, 'Unicorns are awesome'. 
"Don't answer that.", Damon said curtly. "I was not asking you to go shopping. I was informing you." 
He got his phone and started fiddling with it, and Talia understood that this conversation was over. 
Damon was back to his bossy mode. Actually, Damon is always bossy. 
But he said that she needs to eat and go shopping, and maybe after that, he will leave her alone. 
… 
A black armored Lexus SUV with tinted glass stopped in front of a clothing boutique in Darkbourne. 
Talia fidgeted in the front passenger's seat. 
She thought that this will be easy, but now that they were here, she was reluctant to get out. There were people on the street, and some of them were already looking at the car, probably recognizing it as Damon's. 
Damon glanced at Talia and got out of the car. 
Talia clutched the seatbelt and closed her eyes. Maybe he will do the shopping himself and leave her in the car? 
The door on her side opened, crushing her dreams of staying hidden. 
"Do you need help unbuckling?", Damon asked, and Talia scrambled to undo the buckle when he started leaning over her. 
Seeing that she can't stay in the car, Talia wanted to dash into the boutique, but Damon was in her way, with his hand extended, palm up, to help her out of the car. 
Talia released a slow breath and put her hand into his. 
She lowered her head while following Damon into the boutique, and the only good thing was that he released her hand the moment her feet touched the ground. 
Talia could feel numerous gazes on her, and if Damon forced handholding, it would be too much. 
'Ding-Dong!' 
An electric chime sounded when the door of a clothing boutique opened. 
Damon held the door for Talia who entered gingerly. 
"Do you want to pick clothes for yourself, or should I?", Damon asked Talia. 
Talia looked around the store. Other than two saleswomen who beamed at them, there were several customers who stopped whatever they were doing. 
Damon coming to this place was a big deal and Talia tried to ignore people who scrutinized her. 
There were so many things! Walls were lined with shelves that had garments folded, dresses and suits hung on racks, there were several mannequins with the latest fashion trends. And this was her first time in a store! 
Damon saw Talia shrinking and he got his answer. 
Unfortunately, he had no idea about women's clothing. 
Yes, he knew about the famous designer labels because some of his dates couldn't stop talking about it, and even though he was not interested in those, a surprised shout, "You just tore my Gucci dress!", kind of stuck into his head. 
Damon is not a patient man, and that applies to undressing his bedmates. 
He looked at two eager saleswomen who stood behind the small counter with hearts in their eyes. 
Normally, they would greet the customers, but this was Alpha, and they waited for permission to speak. 
"Isi, Bryn…" He gestured toward Talia. "This is Talia, she is new. Talia needs to go to human's town for a doctor's appointment. Can you get her something appropriate?" 
The two young women smiled widely. 
"Leave it to us, Alpha!", they said in unison. 
Isi and Bryn circled Talia once with thoughtful expressions and then started picking garments. 
Bryn's left hand held several hangers, and with her right hand, she grabbed Talia's arm. "Come to the back. That's where dressing rooms are. You need to try these." 
Isi gestured toward the chairs that were on the side. "Take a seat, Alpha, this might take a while." 
Damon gave a stiff nod and paused. "Find her something for the fair as well. At least a few outfits. Shoes and underwear included." 
"Yes, Alpha!" Isi grabbed several more things and walked to the back of the store with her hands full. 
Damon sat on the chair and looked in the direction of the dressing rooms. He was hoping that Talia will pick her clothes and maybe ask him what he thinks, and then he would tell her to try it on and she would pose for him… but now they were in Darkbourne, and the reality was that such behavior would attract attention and people will start talking about him and Talia. 
Damon decided to sit this one out and to let two saleswomen handle this. As long as Talia gets several sets that fit her well, he will consider this outing as a success, and he will take Talia for a more personal shopping experience later. Maybe in the human town. 
Talia observed a big dressing room that was surrounded with mirrors. She estimated that at least six people can come here and change clothes at the same time, and there would still be extra space. The store looked much smaller from the outside. 
Isi and Bryn were enthusiastic. They didn't ask Talia about her circumstances. It's not uncommon for them to accept refugees, and Talia's fading bruises told them that she didn't have an easy time. 
Other than their Alpha personally bringing Talia shopping, nothing was too strange. 
They all know about Damon's reputation with women, and he never treated his hookups poorly. Sure, they didn't hear that he took them shopping, but fancy meals and exclusive locations were included, so buying clothes was not over the top. 
Isi and Bryn were itchy to ask Talia questions, but they feared that it might reach Damon's ears and they might get punished. 
The duo concluded that Talia is a refugee or a hookup, and one doesn't exclude the other. They knew that it's not appropriate to talk about those, but that doesn't mean that they will not gossip later after Alpha Damon leaves. 
---
###Chapter 49 - Different Than Others
Talia found her first experience of shopping for clothes overwhelming. 
Dresses, tops, shorts, pants, skirts, shoes, hats, boots, jackets, cardigans. Everything looked good and she didn't dare make any requests. 
Bryn took Talia's measurements and determined the right size for her undergarments, so Talia only needed to pick style and color from the catalog that Isi brought. Talia picked a conservative style in light tan color, and Isi slipped into the pile white, black, and blue undergarments of the same type. 
Bryn was expertly removing clothes from Talia and putting new ones on, and Isi would go out to get the right size or color when needed. 
When Isi came out of the dressing room the second time, she changed the sign on the door to 'Closed' and locked the door, so that new customers don't come. The two of them were committed to serving Talia, convinced that would please Damon. 
"This green dress goes great with your hair!", Isi exclaimed. 
"This silvery top is cute and makes your eyes sparkle.", Bryn chimed in. 
They were praising everything and after the fifth outfit, Talia tuned them out. 
Damon used his Alpha hearing to listen to their every word and he tried to imagine how those clothes fit Talia. 
Was she smiling while looking at herself in the mirror? 
"You should really try this camisole, it will show off your legs...", Isi said. 
"That's not necessary. I know how my legs look like.", Talia responded stiffly and Damon facepalmed. 
Silly girl. That would be for him to see her legs. 
Was she trying on that camisole? Damon swallowed hard. 
He really wanted to see her. 
Bryn sighed loudly. "This v-neck shows your perfect skin and just the right amount of cleavage." 
"It would look better with this push-up bra.", Isi chimed in. 
"No need.", Talia refused to put it on. 
From the outside, Damon agreed. There is no need for a push-up bra. Talia is perfect as-is and if she wears such a bra, she will attract lecherous gazes. No one should look at her other than him. 
After some time… 
Talia lifted her hands, preventing Bryn from putting another top on her. "Uhm… I think this is enough." 
Isi and Bryn frowned in disapproval. 
"You still need to try these.", Isi gestured to the latest pile that she brought into the dressing room. 
"We are here for a while and Alpha Damon is busy. I don't want to risk him being late for something important because of this.", Talia said. 
Isi and Bryn exchanged glances and nodded in agreement. They got carried away thinking that if they please Talia, it will put them in good books with their Alpha. Damon doesn't shop often, and this was his first time in their boutique. But they didn't consider that this might interfere with his schedule which might make him angry. 
"Alright.", Bryn said and gestured to the neatly stacked clothes. "These all fit you well. Which one do you want?" 
Talia took a few seconds to visually inspect the choices. She picked one dress, one top, and one jeans, and then she reached for a pair of white tennis shoes. 
Talia was not into skirts or high-heeled shoes, and with what she picked, she thought that she got a bit of everything. 
"I will take this." 
Bryn's displeasure was obvious. "Only those? What about a jacket and some accessories?" 
Talia looked at the pile of clothes and shoes longingly. "Everything you showed me is wonderful, but I don't have money. When I repay Alpha Damon and earn more, I will come back and get something else." 
Damon was shocked by Talia's words. She wants to repay him for the clothes? Didn't he tell her that she doesn't need to pay for anything? But then, this was Talia and she always acts in unexpected ways. 
The more Damon found out about Talia, the more he realized how she is different than any other woman he met. 
Bryn and Isi were flabbergasted. How can Talia talk so openly about not having money? And what was that thing about repaying Alpha Damon? This is his pack, and technically this store belonged to him also. He is providing the whole pack with benefits and usually no one in the Darkbourne charges Alpha Damon for goods and services. 
'It seems she is just a refugee. Maybe just passing by.', Isi said through the mind-link to Bryn. 
Bryn agreed. 'Yeah. Why did I think that Alpha would look at such a scrawny girl? It's obvious that he is doing this out of pity.' 
In the next moment, Isi and Bryn found it difficult to breathe. 
'I asked you to help her pick clothes, not to gossip.', Damon's icy voice sounded in Bryn's and Isi's head and the two of them visibly paled. 
"Do you think that this is too much?", Talia asked two saleswomen. She saw their expressions change but she was not sure about the cause. "Maybe I should get only the dress then…" 
'Pack everything that fits her. You have two minutes!', Damon said to Isi and Bryn through the mind-link. 'If I hear any rumors about this, I know where to find you.' 
Talia watched as Bryn and Isi scrambled through the dressing room. They filled their hands with clothes and shoes and dashed out without telling Talia what's going on. 
One moment Isi and Bryn were forcing clothes on her with smiles on their faces, then they asked her to pick with stern expressions, and then they just left frantically. 
Talia was not sure what to think of this. 
Maybe everyone in this pack is moody like Alpha Damon. 
… 
When they were close to the packhouse, Damon mind-linked Maya and Caden, 'Where is Cassie?' 
'She is in the living room. Waiting for you.', Maya responded. 
'Keep Cassie busy. We will be there in a minute. Don't let Cassie see Talia.' 
Damon didn't want to hide Talia, but if Cassie sees her, it will cause more drama and it might upset Talia more. Cassie is a loose cannon. 
Damon got out of the car and helped Talia out, but this time he didn't let go of her hand. He almost ran up the stairs and Talia had difficulty keeping up with him. 
He halted his steps when they reached the third floor and looked at Talia who was catching her breath. 
"If this gets you winded, you should exercise more.", he said flatly. 
Talia looked at him dejectedly. "No amount of exercise will help me keep up with you." With your speed or with your mood. 
Damon smirked. "We will see about it. We start after Travis says that you healed." 
Talia's lips twitched as she felt a calamity approaching. Did he say 'WE start'? What was that about WE? 
Damon glanced toward the stairs, wondering if Cassie will be brazen enough to come after them. She should know that the third floor is off-limits, but Cassie is known to be the one who ignores the rules. 
He opened the door of Talia's room and practically pushed her in. 
"I have something urgent to handle. Get in and take a rest. Someone will get your clothes up." 
And just like that, he closed the door and left. 
Talia stared at the closed door with a frown, but a second later she shook her head and went to bed. 
This whole experience was mentally exhausting, and she didn't want to do it again. 
One good thing was that it seems she was done dealing with Alpha Damon for today. 
… 
Damon instructed Maya and Stephanie through the mind-link to help take bags from the trunk to Talia's room. 
"You are difficult to see.", Cassie said to Damon as she approached him when he descended the stairs to the main level. 
"I am busy.", Damon responded curtly and headed out. 
Damon nearly blew a fuse in the boutique when he heard how Isi and Bryn spoke about Talia and he needed to steam out, so he went to the training grounds. 
Cassie stood in the hallway and pouted. Sure, Alpha Damon is always busy, but normally she could see him over meals and in the evening, yet now he seems to be impossible to catch. And she still didn't get a chance to find out what happened in the Red Moon pack. 
Her plan was to get him to bed and make him talk when his guard is down, but he didn't seem interested in carnal activities. What gives? 
Cassie's eyebrows shot up with curiosity when she saw Maya and Stephanie, both with hands full of bags that were clearly from a boutique in Darkbroune. Cassie was here many times, so she is familiar with the town and shops. 
She glanced through the main door and saw that those came from the trunk of Damon's car. 
"Did Alpha Damon return from shopping?", Cassie asked Maya. 
Maya smirked. "What do you think?" 
Cassie's expression darkened. Didn't he say that he was busy? And he went shopping? 
Cassie craned her neck to see what's in the bags, but other than one piece of white fabric with lace on the edge, she didn't see much. 
Cassie pursed her lips while wondering… Lace? Since when is Alpha Damon buying garments with lace? 
That was obviously for a woman! 
Cassie frowned while looking up, just enough to see that Stephanie and Maya went all the way up to the third floor. 
Did he buy presents for someone? 
But there are no guests other than Cassie, and it doesn't make sense that Damon would buy clothes for Stephanie or for Maya. 
Cassie's face exploded into a smile when she concluded that those clothes must be for her. 
Yes, it made sense. Alpha Damon was avoiding her and pretending to be busy, while secretly he went to buy clothes for her, and he will give them to her as part of some surprise. 
Is he planning for a romantic dinner? Who knows, maybe he asks her to be his Luna? 
Cassie told herself not to spoil the surprise. She will pretend that she didn't see anything and when the time comes, she will show him her best-amazed expression. 
Cassie hummed a tune and went to her room with a spring in her step. 
---
###Chapter 50 - A Heavy Sleeper
Talia was sleeping, and she was not sure what she was dreaming of, but she knew it was pleasant, and she didn't want to wake up. 
There was a tickle on her forehead and her eyebrows twitched in a feeble attempt to remove the source of that subtle sensation. 
The tickle moved over her temple, and settled on her cheek, expanding into something warm and cozy and Talia leaned her head in that direction. 
She took a deep breath and smiled as the scent of the forest and dark chocolate entered her system. 
It was novel, yet familiar, and definitely relaxing. 
Talia's smile froze when she heard a deep chuckle. 
"You are a heavy sleeper." 
Talia's eyes snapped open, and she met Damon's unfathomable blue eyes. 
She swallowed hard. Oh, God! The warm and cozy thing on her cheek was his palm! 
Why the heck was she sleeping on his palm as a pillow!? 
No, no… wrong question! 
"Why are you in my room?", Talia croaked before ducking under the cover completely. 
Damon thought that she was adorable, and he missed the sparks that disappeared from his palm the moment Talia moved away. 
He really wanted to get under that cover with her. 
"You didn't come for breakfast, and you have an appointment with the nutritionist. I knocked but there was no answer so…", Damon's voice trailed. "You should get ready and eat." 
Talia's head peeked out, just enough for her eyes to be visible. "You came to wake me up?" 
"Mhm…", he hummed in confirmation. "I also brought you food." 
Talia glanced toward the coffee table, and she saw a tray with food on it. 
Talia was half-relieved that Damon's mood seems to be good. 
Or is it? 
She blinked at the sight of his half-smile directed her way. 
That might be a dazzling smile for many women, but Talia feared that he will do something outrageous. What if he holds her hand, or forces a hug? It wouldn't be the first time. Or maybe her hair is super-messy, and he is mocking her. Was she snoring? How long was he watching her before she woke up? 
She wanted him to leave. 
"Thank you for bringing me these. I will be down as soon as I get ready." 
Damon nodded in agreement. "We will go down as soon as you get ready." 
Talia noticed the 'WE' part. "You don't need to wait for me here." 
"Oh, but I do. What will happen if you go back to sleep?" 
"I won't." 
"You won't", Damon confirmed before expanding on it with, "You won't with me here." 
He leaned closer to Talia who pushed herself into the bed how much pillows allowed. 
"What do you want to do first? Wash up or have breakfast? If you keep on delaying, one will need to be cut short unless you do them at the same time." His eyes twinkled with mischief. "I can feed you while you shower." 
Damon's words were suggestive, and his scent of the forest and dark chocolate made her dizzy, and Talia swallowed a mouthful of air. 
"I will wash up right away." She hated that her voice was squeaky, but it was out and she couldn't take it back. 
Talia reached under the comforter to ensure that the oversized tank top is as low as possible. She had panties on, but still… she didn't want to risk her important parts to be exposed. 
Talia scooted out of the bed sideways because Damon's face was still hovering only a few inches above hers. 
Damon watched with amusement as Talia dashed into the bathroom and he wished that she moved slower so that he can get a better look at her legs. 
Damon chuckled while thinking how she is adorable. And sexy. 
He wanted to go after her and help her wash up. Maybe he can offer to soap her back, and then work his way from there. 
Damon let out a long breath and took his phone to distract himself, otherwise, he might really go after her. 
But the phone didn't do much. As soon as the water from the shower started running, his mind created all kinds of X-rated images of Talia. 
"Ugh!", Damon groaned, desperately trying to find something to keep his mind occupied. 
Right! Instead of imagining Talia naked, he should think about a cute outfit she will wear. 
Damon frowned when he realized that he didn't get a chance to see anything she bought on the previous day, so he decided to go into the closet and investigate. 
Damon shook his head helplessly when he saw that everything was still in bags and boxes, probably how Maya and Stephanie left it. 
If it was any other girl, he might think that she doesn't appreciate the clothes, but this was Talia and Damon knew that she didn't think of herself as worthy. 
Damon took a mental note to pamper Talia more and help raise her self-esteem because she shouldn't think of herself as below others. 
But how can he do that without exposing that she is his mate? 
'Are you still stuck on it?', Damon's wolf asked. 
'Stuck on what?' 
Damon's wolf snorted in disapproval. 'You are worried about others finding out how important mate is so that they don't hurt her, and you end up hurting her. Wake up! Your choices are either to protect her how any Alpha would his woman or let her go.' 
Damon groaned. 'You know I can't let her go.' 
He knew that the safest thing for Talia would be to pretend that the sparks are not there, but he was too selfish to do so. 
Damon had status, power, money, women… anything he wanted was his. 
Toward his pack, he feels duty, and everything else is either a necessity or fleeting pleasure. 
However, the connection he feels with Talia is different, addictive, and as much as he is frustrated that he can't resist the pull, the sweet citrusy scent of freesia puts his mind at ease, and the sparks when they touch make him feel alive. 
When Talia is in Damon's visible range, there is no pack, no enemies, no schemes… it's just the two of them and he wouldn't want it any other way. 
Last night, instead of sleeping, Damon stared at the ceiling while imagining how it will feel when they kiss. It was not IF they will kiss, but WHEN, and Damon was giddy like a teenager while thinking about various scenarios of how that magical kiss will happen. Soon. 
'You have your answers, boy.', Damon's wolf said. 'Stop going back and forth because you always return to the point that she IS important, and you CAN'T let her go. Act like it or you will end up hurting mate, she will go hungry again, and… she will leave.' 
Anxiety swelled inside Damon at the thought that Talia might leave. 
Damn it! So many women are sticking to him, and he can't get rid of them, yet the only woman he wants close can escape his grasp easily. 
Damon looked at the bags with clothes and wondered if he should buy more stuff. Yes. If he gets her more stuff and food and whatever she wants, she will not leave. But Talia doesn't seem to be a materialistic person, so maybe he should offer her a massage. He could do that. Start with the shoulders and work his way down. 
Metal images returned: Damon in the bathroom with Talia… under the shower… and he could massage her thoroughly. 
"Shit!", Damon cursed under his breath because he was getting hard again. 
Damon needed a distraction, so he decided to arrange things from the bags in the closet. 
… 
Talia stood under the warm water, flustered as the memories of Damon cradling her cheek in his palm popped into her mind. 
His touch was warm and gentle, and it reflected in his deep blue eyes. 
It actually looked like he cared. 
And then he got above her, really close, and he smelled delicious, and she saw him throw a quick glance at her lips, and… 
Talia told herself not to overthink it. Alpha Damon saw so many beauties like Marcy and Cassie. Compared to them, Talia is like a stick figure and Alpha Damon would never have any inappropriate thoughts. He probably sees her like a pet project, something to keep himself busy. 
It seems that clingy Damon came to wake her up and Talia was not sure if she prefers this one or the one who ignores her. 
Talia didn't want to come out of the shower. Not because she enjoyed it, but because she knew that once she comes out, she will need to face Damon again. 
But then… what if she takes too long? He might come after her. 
Talia quickly got out of the shower and toweled off. 
"Oh, no…", Talia mumbled dejectedly when she realized that in her hurry to escape Alpha Damon, she didn't bring any clothes with her. Now what? 
Slowly, Talia peeked out of the bathroom and released the breath she was holding when she couldn't spot Damon. He left! 
She clutched the towel that was wrapped around her. 
Yes, she was alone, but that didn't mean that Damon won't return any moment. There is a chance that he just went to his room for a minute, so she better hurry. 
Talia froze at the door of the closet. 
Why is Alpha Damon there? Are those her panties he is holding? 
---
###Chapter 51 - Clothes Make A Woman
Damon arranged the underwear in the drawer and turned to his right. 
He blinked a few times at the sight of Talia who was wrapped in a towel, staring at him without moving a muscle. 
The white fluffy towel with yellow designs at its edges was wide enough to cover Talia from her chest to just below her private areas, like a super-short mini dress. 
Talia gripped the towel with both hands until her knuckles turned white, unknowingly pushing her breasts higher and making her cleavage stand out more, and Damon was not sure where to look first. 
He really wanted to yank that towel out of the way. 
Damon smirked and spoke in a deep voice, "Talia, are you here to seduce me?" 
Talia's face exploded in blush and Damon's sly smile increased when he saw that even her ears were red. 
Will she pass out? He would give her mouth-to-mouth anytime. 
Talia clutched the towel tighter. "Clothes… I didn't get… I need... clothes…", she struggled to speak coherently. Alpha Damon was too much. What seducing? Who would seduce the Devil? And how can he think about those things when he already has so many women around him? 
Talia saw clearly what Marcy did while kneeling between Alpha Damon's legs only a few days ago, and Talia was confident that Cassie is here for a similar reason. But that was not Talia's business. She came to the closet with the intention to get clothes, but now she felt like crying. 
Damon wanted to tease Talia a bit more, but seeing that she was nearly hyperventilating, he decided to stop. 
"Do you know what you want to wear?" 
Talia shook her head in response. She really didn't think about it. Actually, other than taking a quick glance at the bags and boxes, she didn't look at the contents. 
Damon reached for one knee-length dress, but he paused at the thought about how it will reveal Talia's legs. Legs that are only for him to see. 
He looked at Talia's legs which were on full display because the towel reached just below her private parts. 
They were long and lean, and he already imagined them around his waist and the pressure in his crotch area increased. Fuck! She is perfect. 
Talia stood at the door of the closet and squirmed under his scorching gaze. She didn't have the courage to get in the closet, but running away didn't seem wise either, so she stood in the spot. 
Damon reached into the drawer and got panties and a matching bra, and then one light blue jeans and a white top. 
"Wear these…" 
Without looking, Talia grabbed clothes, mumbled 'thank you', and swiftly disappeared into the bathroom. 
Damon shook his head helplessly. He reached for his crotch area, adjusted himself, and then continued arranging clothes in the closet. 
He was not sure what was stranger, the fact that he is so easily aroused around Talia, the part where he is not acting on it, or the reality where he is not finding any other woman attractive. 
There was nothing wrong with his eyes. He could see that other women have curves and appeal, but he had no urge to be with them, almost like all of them are lower class… lower class compared to Talia. 
He let out a long breath. 
Damon brought Talia here with the hope that the crazed craving for the sweet citrusy scent of freesia will subside or maybe he gets used to this madness brought to him by the addictive sparks, but so far, it was only increasing. At this rate, Talia will be the end of him. 
… 
Talia dressed up in the bathroom, fixed her hair, and finished breakfast in record time, grateful that Alpha Damon didn't come out of the closet. 
When she was ready, Talia peeked into the closet as Damon finished sorting the last few pieces of clothing. 
His back was facing her, and Talia took a moment to observe in his V-shaped torso that was clearly visible because his shirt was tucked into his pants. Jeans that Alpha Damon wore were tight in the hip area, as if designed to emphasize the toned muscles of his buttocks. 
Talia silently acknowledged that Damon's physique is impressive. 
Damon is not too muscular, like some warriors she saw in the Red Moon pack. Damon's body is well proportioned with just the right amount of muscles, and she remembered the sensation when she slept next to Alpha Damon, with her head on his shoulder and her arm over his abs. 
Every part of his body was hard. Well, maybe not his raven black hair. That looked silky. 
The image of the black wolf from her dream popped into her mind. He had black fur that was very soft, and his eyes were icy-blue, just like Damon's. That was a very vivid dream and Talia remembered it clearly, even the scent of the forest and dark chocolate, almost like it was not a dream. 
"I bought you these clothes and I want you to wear them.", Damon said without turning to look at her and Talia hoped that he didn't notice her gawking at him. "No more rainbows, kittens, and unicorns. You are not a child." 
"OK.", she responded sheepishly. "You said that we are in a hurry, and I'm ready, so…", her voice trailed. 
Damon turned to face Talia and cocked his eyebrow in approval. 
Jeans were fitting her well, and the white short-sleeved shirt hugged her breasts and fell loosely, reaching almost to her hips. 
"Turn around, let me see you.", he demanded, but it was more of a plea than an order. 
Talia turned slowly and when she completed the rotation, Talia gasped when she realized that Damon crossed the distance between them. 
He was only half a step away from her, and his scent made her dizzy. Too close. 
"It suits you well.", Damon said in a low voice and reached for the bottom hem of her shirt, feeling the silky fabric. 
Talia was visibly flustered. She was not used to people being that close or complimenting her, and Alpha Damon made her nervous. 
"Thank you.", she said in a shaky voice and inched away from him. "Are we going now, or…?" 
Damon hummed ambiguously before confirming. "We are going." 
Talia turned on her heel and headed for the door. 
"Talia!" 
She froze when Damon called her name. 
"Yes?", Talia asked while turning toward him in slow motion and she was confused to see him smirking at her. 
"Don't you need shoes?" 
Talia wanted to disappear. She was in such a hurry to leave that she forgot she was barefoot. 
And where would she leave? Alpha Damon already said that he will take her for an appointment, so it's not like she can escape from him. 
Damon watched Talia as she was looking at which shoes to wear and he contacted Maya and Caden through the mind link, 'Where is Cassie?' 
'In the garden', Maya responded. 
'OK. I'm coming down with Talia in a minute.' 
'Do you want me to distract Cassie?', Maya asked. 
Damon thought for a moment. He didn't want Cassie to be aware of Talia's presence, but Cassie already saw Talia and the more he hides Talia, the more suspicious it will be. If Cassie thinks of Talia as any other she-wolf, Cassie will not make a fuss. 
'No need. As long as Cassie doesn't know that Talia is staying on my floor, it's fine.' And even if she finds out, Damon would come up with some explanation. 
Damon and Talia exited the main door when Cassie's voice reached them. 
"Alpha Damon! Alpha Damon!" 
Cassie stopped in her tracks at the sight of Damon who was holding the door of his black armored Lexus SUV for Talia to enter. He even gave Talia his hand to help her get in! 
"Are you going somewhere?", Cassie asked. 
"Human town.", Damon responded. 
Cassie was irked to see a girl sitting in the front passenger's seat of Damon's car. 
With Talia's bruises fading and good clothes, Cassie didn't recognize Talia as the girl from the kitchen that Cassie accused of stealing food. 
"Can I join you?" 
Damon turned to face Cassie. "I'm taking her for an appointment." 
Cassie's eyes darted from Talia to Damon. "Personally? Can't you get someone else to take her?" 
"I also have some business in the human town, so it's on the way. Is there anything else I need to report to you, Miss Cassie, or am I allowed to leave?", Damon asked sarcastically, and his face darkened in a second. "What gives you the right to question me?" 
Cassie shrunk. "I was only curious. I apologize, Alpha Damon." 
"Curiosity killed the cat, Miss Cassie.", Damon said grimly. "It's your luck that you are not a feline. Be careful, Miss Cassie, there is a limit to my patience just how there is a limit of how much your father's identity can protect you." 
Cassie jolted when Damon closed the door on the passenger's side, and she watched him as he went on the driver's side of the car. 
She couldn't believe this! 
He just left with some no-name girl. 
Cassie stomped back into the mansion, and she found Maya. "Who is that girl?" 
"What girl?" 
"The one that Alpha Damon took to human town." 
"Why are you asking me? Was I outside? How am I supposed to know which girl went with him? If you didn't realize, I am a busy Beta and I don't have time to waste on idle gossip.", Maya said with a smirk and sashayed away from Cassie. 
Cassie felt rage bubbling inside her, but there was nothing she could do. 
Besides, if Damon didn't introduce the girl, she was not important. Cassie knows everyone who is important in the Dark Howlers pack, and that girl can't be more than an Omega. 
But… would Omega have such good clothes? 
What if it's a girl from another pack who came to seduce Damon? 
Is that girl the reason why Alpha Damon is always busy? Is he taking her places while Cassie is stuck in the packhouse waiting? 
But who is that girl? Cassie is friendly with many misses who have Alphas and Betas for parents and she attends various events. Cassie was quite confident that she never saw Talia. 
As a fashionista, Cassie noticed that Talia wore jeans and a silky white short-sleeved shirt, and just by one glance Cassie could estimate that those are not cheap clothes. She even spotted fine lacy details at the edge of the… 
Cassie's eyes widened when she remembered that this was not the first time she saw such white fabric with lacy details. 
Is it possible that Damon's shopping for clothes from yesterday was for that girl? And Maya and Stephanie took it to the third floor! 
---
###Chapter 52 - [Bonus ]The Drive To The Human Town
Talia observed the scene between Damon and Cassie, and she was not sure what to think. Why did Alpha Damon treat Cassie coldly? Did they have an argument? Or maybe Cassie offended him somehow. 
Just based on the last minute, if Talia didn't witness the scene in the kitchen of Cassie clinging to Damon's arm, Talia would think that Damon doesn't like Cassie. But if he doesn't like her, why would he allow her to stay in the packhouse and call herself his Luna? And the way Cassie looked at Damon definitely insinuated intimacy that goes beyond holding his hand. 
It didn't make sense. 
This solidified Talia's opinion that Alpha Damon is extremely unstable. 
In a way, it made Talia feel better because now Talia knew that she was not the only one to be treated inconsistently by Alpha Damon. 
If Talia was not so terrified of him, she would recommend him to see a psychiatrist because his behavior can't be normal. 
Everyone around Alpha Damon is on pins and needles while guessing what his mood will be. That's not healthy. 
The moment the car started moving and pop music from the radio filled the space, Talia forgot about Cassie and all the drama from the packhouse. She even forgot that she was sitting in the car next to a scary Alpha. 
Talia sank in her seat and observed the changing scenery outside. She always loved the outdoors. Since she was mostly stuck in the attic, being outside came with a sense of freedom. 
The road snaked through the dense forest that allowed morning sun rays to peek through occasionally, creating a light show that Talia enjoyed even though sudden bursts of light blinded her for a moment. 
Just like Talia, Damon also forgot about Cassie the moment he started the car. 
The whole cabin of his black armored Lexus SUV was filled with the sweet citrusy scent of freesia and his world was at peace. The only thing that could make it better would be if he and Talia held hands or if she leaned on him, but he didn't have a good excuse for that to happen, so he gripped the steering wheel tightly. 
Damon was stealing glances of Talia, and he was happy to see that she relaxed. He took a double-take at the small smile that appeared at the corner of her lips. She was enchanting. 
The streets of Darkbourne were not very busy, but the cobblestoned town square with the clocktower in the middle was buzzing with activity. 
Damon noticed that Talia straightened up to see better what's going on there. 
"They are getting ready for the fair.", Damon said, and Talia nodded without looking at him. 
She remembered that Maya told her how there will be a fair happening soon. 
"What kind of a fair is it?", Talia asked. 
"It's a celebration, but Maya is mostly interested in the fair part which is happening on this square and that's why she described it as such.", Damon responded before giving a lengthy explanation. 
"Summer solstice is the day when we celebrate life and new beginnings. It starts in the morning. The whole town participates, and only a handful of stores is open in the morning, while all are closed in the afternoon. People compete in various sports, and there is a parade. Kids make their own floats, and the best ones get rewards in various categories. In the afternoon, vendors open their stalls with games and food in the town square. In the evening, there is music, drinks, and dancing around the bonfire, and it all ends with fireworks." 
Damon was talking about normal things, but his deep magnetic voice turned it into the most fascinating story ever and Talia hoped that he will continue talking. 
Damon saw that Talia was listening intently, so he added a few more details, "Unmated she-wolves dance barefoot around the bonfire, for Moon Goddess to see and to send them their mate. Girls also make garlands of flowers and give them to their loved ones, with the hope that their affection will be returned." 
He really didn't know much more because as a kid, he would usually disappear and do some mischief, and since he became the Alpha, Damon's attendance consisted of watching competitions, giving away prizes, and when the official part is over, he would scoop one or two ladies that will keep him company for the night, and that's it for him. But there was no way he will say that to Talia. 
For Talia, Damon's story about the celebration sounded fantastic, and she was confident that Damon gets the most garlands every year. 
Damon saw the excitement in her expression. "It's a fun day. You will see." 
Talia understood that his explanation was over. 
She returned her gaze to the window on her side in time to see the last few houses of Darkbourne before the road took them through the forest again. 
She wondered what kind of performances will be included. Will there be a circus? Olivia told her that in the circus, people do all kinds of moves and they walk on a rope that is super-high, and there are animals and magic… and clowns. She really wanted to see that. 
Talia never danced or drank alcohol, so she was not sure what to think about the evening activities around the bonfire. 
As for the stalls, Talia was excited, but she was sure that playing games and eating food will cost money, and she is broke, so her mood dropped a bit. 
She decided to talk to Damon about getting a job, or maybe she should ask him to see the doctor, and then Travis can convince Alpha Damon to allow Talia to work. Damon said that she can work as soon as Travis says that it's OK and convincing the good doctor to give her a pass sounded much easier than negotiating with an unstable Alpha. 
After an unknown measure of time, they emerged from the forest and took the three-lane-wide highway. Talia observed that there were many other cars. She wondered if they are out of the Dark Howlers territory. 
It didn't take long before Damon took an exit and they ended up on a smaller road that led into a town. 
The town was larger than Darkbourne, but there were no skyscrapers, and the tallest building Talia saw was six stories high. 
As they approached the city center, the number of people on the streets increased and there were many stores and restaurants. 
Talia's face was nearly glued to the tinted glass as she took in the sight in front of her. 
She was disappointed when after a right turn they ended up in a side street and she took a note that he parked into the VIP spot of the hospital. 
"Do you come here often?", Talia asked, and Damon understood that she was asking because of the parking spot. 
"My parents donated to build this place, and I give occasional donations which grants me preferential treatment.", Damon explained before adding, "Travis completed his medical residency here and he arranges appointments for us when needed, which is not very often. They think of us as humans." 
Talia understood that there should be no werewolf talks. 
The automatic double door opened so that Talia and Damon can step inside. 
The entry hall was spacious with sitting arrangements and Talia's attention was drawn to the big screens that were hanging on the wall, displaying information about doctors, nurses, and current wait times. 
Both nurses at the registering station had foolish smiles and hearts in their eyes at the sight of Damon. The blonde even nudged the brunette with her elbow. Shameless. 
Talia was sure that they didn't notice her at all. 
"How can I help you?", one of the nurses asked in a singing voice without removing her amorous gaze from Damon. 
"Talia Blake has an appointment.", Damon responded, and Talia blinked when she realized that he was talking about her. 
Blake? Where did that come from? 
The truth is that Talia didn't know her last name. Since she knows about herself, she was Talia. Just Talia. 
'Talia Blake. Talia Blake.', Talia repeated a few times in her mind and concluded that it doesn't sound bad. Actually, she liked it. 
The nurse was checking something on her computer before pointing to the left. "Take the second elevator to the third floor and from there follow arrows to the wellness center." 
On the third floor, they found a small lounge with dozen of chairs and two benches where a few people were sitting in silence, obviously waiting for their turn. 
Damon and Talia took their seats on black metal chairs that had leather upholstery. 
Talia observed gray carpet and off-white walls that had abstract paintings to bring a splash of color into the space. 
Floor-to-ceiling windows provided ample daylight and a view to the street below, and Talia was itching to go closer and check it out, but she held back that urge because she is not a kid, and she should sit obediently like everyone else. What if Alpha Damon scolds her? The best thing is to not attract attention. 
They waited for less than a minute when one middle-aged man exited the door on the right, and his eyes scanned the people in the lounge expectantly. 
His face lit up when he saw Damon. 
"Mr. Blake…", the man called with a smile. 
---
###Chapter 53 - Mrs. Blake
Damon glanced at Talia to confirm that she didn't react when the man called him 'Mr. Blake', and Damon took that as her approval. Yup, she definitely didn't mind using his last name. 
There was a time when werewolves didn't have last names. Even in modern times, they identify themselves by the first name, pack they belong to, and their position. 
However, since they are coexisting with humans, each werewolf family has a surname. It helps them blend in. 
Of course, prominent werewolf families are an exception, because their last name also signifies status, and the surname Blake is like royalty in the society of werewolves from the time before Damon's grand-grandfather. 
When Travis was setting up Talia's appointment with the nutritionist, he asked Damon what surname to use because Talia told him that she doesn't have one when he was writing down her personal information. Actually, the lack of Talia's background went beyond just her last name and it told Travis how neglected she was. 
"Talia Blake", Damon responded to Travis after a second of silence. It sounded right. 
"Blake? Are you sure?", Travis asked, knowing that no one would dare to use Alpha's last name lightly. 
"Is that a problem?" 
"No, no. Not a problem…", Travis was quick to deny it. Who is he to question his Alpha? 
Back to the present… 
"It's nice to see you here, but I hope it's nothing serious.", the man spoke excitedly while extending his hand toward Damon for a handshake, and the friendly smile told Talia that the man knows Damon from before. "Dr. Jones is expecting you." 
Damon stood up and shook hands with the man before turning to check on Talia who gingerly stood behind him. 
"Mr. Mendez, this is Talia. The appointment is for her. I wonder it won't be a problem if I come in with her." 
"Not a problem, Mr. Blake. Please, come this way…" 
Talia walked after Damon as they made their way through the hallway, and she thought how it's strange that these people call him 'Mr. Blake'. So far, everyone has called him Alpha or Alpha Damon, but humans don't know about the werewolf hierarchy and how scary Alpha Damon can be. 
Talia didn't think that 'Blake' fits him. It was too ordinary, and she also heard it not long ago. 
'Mr. Blake… Blake…', Talia repeated silently while jogging her memory and her face fell when she realized that only a few minutes ago she heard that last name, but it was tied to her. 
Why did Damon say that her name is Talia Blake? Is that his way of joking? 
Talia had so many questions, but she knew that this was not the right place or time to voice them, so she kept quiet. Actually, there is no good time to ask those questions. Period. 
Somehow, 'Talia Blake' didn't sound so good anymore because even as a fake name, it carried the weight of problems like Cassie and Marcy and who knows how many other women. 
Sure, Talia can say that she is Alpha Damon's sister or a cousin, but she feared that those she-wolves who are buzzing around Damon will start imagining. 
Marcy gave Talia a beating for seeing something she shouldn't see, and if the rumors spread that Talia and Alpha Damon are more than acquaintances, Talia was confident that Marcy and Marcy-alike women will come for her throat! Or will they try to befriend her in order to get to Damon? Talia was not sure which one is worse. 
The best thing is not to have any connection with Alpha Damon. The further she stays from him, the better. 
She already had so many things to deal with and people misunderstanding her relationship with Alpha Damon shouldn't be added to that pile. 
Talia told herself not to panic. Talia Blake is just a temporary thing in order for her to have this appointment in the human hospital, and she will never-ever-ever-EVER use it again. 
… 
A short curvaceous nurse with a red pixie cut and big green eyes made Talia stand on the scale and she took her height and weight before giving questionnaires for Talia to fill and telling them to sit and wait for the doctor to come. 
Talia noticed that this nurse was also stealing glances at Damon. 
By now, Talia confirmed that Damon is a magnet for women, and she wondered if all that attention is bothering him. It didn't look like it. 
Damon's incomprehensible gaze was glued to Talia, and she wished that he looks away before people start getting funny ideas. 
Dr. Jones is a middle-aged woman whose brown hair was lifted into a loose bun, and her age didn't stop her from eyeing Damon in a way no doctor should look at a patient. Actually, Damon was not a patient, but he was accompanying one and Dr. Jones's behavior was not professional. 
Damon and Talia were sitting on chairs, and a desk separated them from Dr. Jones. 
The woman was asking questions, and Talia responded, but Talia doubted that the woman listened to a word Talia said because her eyes didn't leave Damon. 
After some time, Dr. Jones pushed into Talia's hands brochures about balanced meals that included examples of portions for grains, proteins, vegetables, fruits, oils, and also recommendations for water intake. 
With just one glance, Talia confirmed that this was generic information she could get online. 
Since Maya gave her the tablet, Talia spent a lot of time on the internet and she looked up malnutrition and balanced meals that Travis mentioned, and nothing that Dr. Jones said was new. 
Talia was exasperated. Why did she even come here? She could have stayed in her room and sleep instead of waking up and getting ready while experiencing stress due to Alpha Damon's presence. 
And she was also concerned that Alpha Damon will accuse her of wasting his time. 
Wait! Didn't he say to Cassie that he has something to do in the town? But then… why did he come with her to this appointment? 
Talia glanced at Alpha Damon and met his gaze directed at her. 
"Do you have any questions for Dr. Jones?", Damon asked Talia. 
Yes! Is this how she treats all her patients? How can she be a doctor when she is shamelessly ogling at you instead of focusing on the reason I'm here? 
Dr. Jones didn't ask any questions; she was just talking like she has all the answers. 
Talia's experience with doctors is that they are warm and kind and attentive, and Dr. Jones was none of that. 
But Talia knew that Damon brought her here and that he is a donor and that she should be grateful for everything instead of complaining. 
"No.", Talia responded in a small voice. 
Of course, Damon knew she was lying. 
Damon spent the last decade in various meetings and situations where he needed to read people and he was quite good at it. He didn't miss Dr. Jones's flirty behavior and as much as he wished that Talia was jealous, he could see that's not the case. 
Talia's defeated expression gave him heartache and he had an urge to fix it. 
Damon's icy-blue eyes bore into her honeyed ones, and she feared that he can read her mind, so she lowered her head. 
A second later, Damon touched her chin and made her look at him. 
A small smile appeared at the corner of his lips as delightful sparks prickled his fingers, and he spoke to Dr. Jones without diverting his gaze from Talia. 
"Dr. Jones, it seems that my wife is not happy with the level of service you provided." 
Talia's eyes widened. What the heck? Did he say, wife? WIFE!? 
But it's just a show, for the human hospital, right? RIGHT!? 
Damon enjoyed Talia's reaction. He leaned close to her and spoke only for Talia to hear, "Play with me here, doll." 
Without waiting for Talia to respond, Damon's arm moved behind Talia and his hand landed on her shoulder. 
"Excuse me…", Dr. Jones said in a shaky voice. "Did I do something to displease you?" 
"You know very well what you did and what you didn't do, Dr. Jones." Damon narrowed his eyes at the doctor. "Are you aware of the donations my Blake family contributed to this hospital?" 
The middle-aged woman was visibly flustered while her eyes nervously moved from Talia to Damon. 
She wondered if she read the situation wrongly. 
Dr. Jones didn't know what's the relationship between Damon and Talia, but that doesn't mean anything. 
She smiled at Damon, and he smiled back, and it took from there. He paid attention to what she said and responded favorably to her nonverbal clues, so she assumed that she has a chance. 
He is handsome and rich, and on top of that, he is a donor to this hospital. She would be a fool not to try to get into Damon's good books. 
Everyone thinks that she is well-to-do because people call her 'Dr. Jones', but she got the job as a nutritionist based on her father knowing one of the big-shots in the hospital and her degree which she earned after a six months-long course. 
The truth is that regular nurses are earning more than her, and that 'Dr.' is only a title she has because she works in the hospital. 
But why was he so upset? Other than flirty glances and smiles, nothing else happened. 
Dr. Jones thought that things are going well, but now Damon looked at her darkly and asked her if she is aware that he is a donor. 
"Yes, yes. Of course, I know, Mr. Blake." 
---
###Chapter 54 - Mrs. Blake (cont.)
Damon spoke coldly to the doctor across the table. "Because of our relationship with this hospital, we came here first. To say that I'm disappointed is an understatement. When we return home, my dear wife and I will reconsider our future donations." 
"That… That…", Dr. Jones felt that her soul might leave her body. "Please, reconsider, Mr. Blake. This was just the first appointment for us to get comfortable with each other." She saw that Damon's expression turned icy and she quickly corrected herself, "I mean… for me and Mrs. Blake to get to know each other. The next appointment will be more specific and tailored to her needs." 
Ignoring Dr. Jones's excuses, Damon took Talia's hand in his and closed his eyes while savoring the delightful sparks he craved for. 
His thumb caressed Talia's knuckles once, twice, and then he lifted her hand and kissed the back of her palm. 
Talia was still recuperating from the shock of Damon labeling her as his wife, and then he called her a 'doll', and she held her breath while staring at Damon and wondering when he will let go of her hand. 
Was there a need for him to kiss her? 
His lips lingered on her skin much longer than necessary and Talia silently confirmed that she identified one part of Damon that is soft (other than his hair). 
A few unruly black strands fell over Damon's forehead and Talia had an urge to push them back and verify how soft his hair is, but she held back. 
Damon opened his eyes and looked up at Talia while his breath fanned the place he kissed just a second ago. 
The invisible sparks still danced on Damon's lips, and he wondered how intense it will be if he goes for the real kiss because just a peck on the hand was not enough. 
He really wanted to kiss her thoroughly. 
For Talia, all this was unexpected, and she couldn't look away from his icy-blue eyes that were anything other than icy. There was endless heat and desire, and his brows furrowed a bit, making Talia guess that he was thinking about something unpleasant. 
If she knew that Damon was suppressing his urge to kiss her on the lips, Talia would probably run for the door. Assuming that her legs would listen. 
Dr. Jones was saying something but neither Damon nor Talia heard her as they were lost in their own world of mixed signals and complex emotions. 
After an unknown measure of time, Damon pulled himself out of the depths of Talia's honeyed eyes and he turned to the doctor without letting let go of Talia's hand. 
"Dr. Jones, there will be no next appointment. We will be in touch with your director.", Damon's voice was distant like he was the king addressing someone way below him. 
Damon stood up and Talia followed without the need for him to pull her up. 
Talia walked next to Damon, and she stared at his hand that held hers. When did their fingers interlace? 
His hold was solid and warm and even though it didn't hurt, she was aware that she wouldn't be able to pull her hand out unless he allows it. 
Talia knew that she should disperse her unreasonable thoughts before they fully form. Damon is way above her and unless she lets go, the only outcome is heartbreak. Damon is the Alpha of the largest pack in North America, and she is nobody. 
However, after Damon gave a lesson to Dr. Jones, Talia didn't mind holding his hand just for a bit longer. Just for a bit. 
His hand holding hers came with a dose of security and she acknowledged that this Damon makes her feel safe, like anything is possible. 
"Mr. Blake! Mr. Blake!", a breathy male voice was heard when Damon and Talia stepped out from the automatic double door on the main floor. 
It was Mr. Mendez, the man who welcomed them in the wellness center. 
When he caught up with Damon and Talia, Mr. Mendez patted his chest and took a few deep breaths to stabilize his mood and then he spoke quickly, "Mr. Blake, I'm not sure what happened, but Dr. Jones said that she apologizes for her indiscretion. She didn't mean to offend you." 
"Mr. Mendez, you shouldn't be talking to me. Dr. Jones offended my wife." 
Mr. Mendez's eyes flashed in surprise and Talia's knees shook. 
She couldn't believe that Alpha Damon addressed her as his wife again. How can he lie like that? And it's in the open! What if someone overhears!? She will need to sleep with her eyes open so that one of those crazy women doesn't slit her throat! 
Talia looked at Damon who gave her his signature half-smile that could put in a daze almost any woman… but not Talia. Talia saw it as a precursor of a calamity. 
How can he be so calm? 
Talia understood that Alpha Damon probably did this play many times before. These people are not shocked that he addressed her as his wife, they are probably surprised because the last time he came here, his wife was someone else. 
It made sense. After all, Alpha Damon has many women who want to be his Luna, and Talia was confident that this is a game Damon enjoys. 
She told herself not to overthink it because by tomorrow, if not earlier, some other girl will hold Damon's hand and Talia will be lucky if she is not accused again of stealing food. 
"Mrs. Blake, please, accept our apology." Mr. Mendez's words pulled Talia out of her thoughts. 
She looked at Damon, silently asking for guidance on how to handle this, but Damon shrugged and gave her hand a squeeze, which she understood as a sign that she can handle it any way she wants. 
How should she handle it? Talia took a deep breath and imagined herself as someone who has a solid backing, someone like Damon's Luna, Mrs. Blake, because right now, that's who she was. 
"Mr. Mendez", Talia called. "It's not on you to apologize for someone else's fault, and in this case, an apology won't solve anything. Dr. Jones's behavior was unprofessional. I came to her because I need help, but she acted like my condition is not important. I wonder if I'm an isolated case, or if other patients have similar experiences. I hope that you can conduct an investigation and take measures as needed. Show us that you will be unbiased and put your patients first. Our donations are for the benefit of patients, and not for the staff to act haughtily." 
Damon forgot how to breathe while feeling the royal aura around Talia. If he was not holding her hand, he would think that he imagined it. Or maybe he did imagine it because Talia was like a queen with an ancient Alpha bloodline that could suppress everyone; him included. But the air around her was not oppressive, it was strong and gentle at the same time, the one that makes others want to please her. 
Mr. Mendez pulled a white handkerchief from his pocket and dabbed beads of sweat that formed on his forehead. 
He looked at Talia apologetically and bowed a little before responding, "Yes, Mrs. Blake. We will conduct the investigation and let you know about the outcome." 
Talia nodded curtly and turned to Damon. "Can we leave now?" 
Damon hummed in agreement and led the way toward the car. 
He was impressed with how Talia handled herself. 
She didn't raise a fuss based on the identity his wife has, but she pointed out that patients come first. Talia made sure that Mr. Mendez knows she was displeased, yet she didn't sever their ties, giving him hope that he can salvage the situation by handling the case himself. 
Talia was not arrogant, and she didn't allow them to step over her while fighting for the others. 
Selfless. 
She used her authority and power to benefit less privileged ones. 
Talia acted like a real Luna and Damon could feel his wolf's tail wagging in approval. 
Damon and Talia got into the car and seconds passed in silence that stretched thin and pressed on Talia's delicate nerves, turning them into strings that might snap anytime. 
"Did I do something wrong?", Talia asked, unable to conceal her insecurity. 
Damon realized that he was staring. "No. You were brilliant." Dazzling, amazing, fantastic, perfect to the point of making him question if he was worthy to have her as his mate. 
He was mind blown because Talia didn't have any training nor did she follow anyone's example, Talia did what she thought was right and it left him speechless. 
To say that Damon met hundreds of Luna candidates is probably not an exaggeration. Those women flaunted their background, status, power, wealth, appearance, yet not a single one showed care for the little guys. And here was Talia, a seemingly simple girl who used the identity Damon gave her to fight for people she never met. 
Any pack would be blessed to have Talia as their Luna. And this girl in front of him was his. 
"Uhm…", Talia cleared her throat awkwardly and glanced down. "Can you let go of my hand?" 
Damon cocked his handsome eyebrow. "No." 
He really didn't want to let go. 
"Mr. Mendez left, and no one can see us. There is no need for us to pretend to be… married.", Talia said this last word with difficulty. 
Damon hummed ambiguously. "Who said that you are my wife only for this hospital visit?" 
Talia's brain stuttered, refusing to process Damon's words. What does that even mean? 
Talia opened her mouth to protest and then closed it when she realized that she has no idea what to say. Nothing made sense. 
Damon chuckled and started the car. 
Without letting go of her hand, Damon drove out of the parking lot and merged into the traffic of the human town. 
---
###Chapter 55 - Negotiating With Alpha Damon
Talia was sitting in a booth of a fancy steakhouse, next to Damon, and pinching herself secretly under the table, to confirm this was not a dream. 
She would never imagine that she will find herself in a place like this, with Alpha Damon. 
The steakhouse had dimmed lights and a wooden interior that gave a feel of a hunter's lodge. The walls were decorated with big photos of humans with guns and animals they hunted, and the chandeliers were made out of antlers. 
The local radio station played country music and it all looked like a different dimension from the modern world outside which was made out of concrete and metal. 
A waiter took their orders for drinks and left two menus on the table. 
Talia was on the second page when her mind drifted to earlier that morning. 
After the hospital, Talia thought that Damon will drive them back to the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack, or maybe go to wherever Damon needs to go, but he parked the car in a public parking lot and the two of them spent the next two hours in the city park. 
The pebbled path was bordered with pale pink bricks on each side, there were benches along the way, and the perfectly trimmed green lawn was livened up by an occasional patch of colorful flowers. Tall trees provided frequent shade for the visitors and there was a pond with ducks who were fighting over breadcrumbs that humans threw at them. 
The well-maintained park was a serene oasis in the middle of the city, with only one noisy corner that vibrated with children's laughter and squeals as they enjoyed the play area. 
Damon and Talia walked in pleasant silence, and he didn't let go of her hand when he bought blue-colored cotton candy from the vendor that had a stall next to the water fountain. 
Talia never saw anything like it before. It was light and puffy like a cloud on a stick, sweeter than sugar while giving away a faint scent of blueberries. 
"What about you?", Talia asked when she realized that Damon got only one. 
Damon moved like a flash and pinched a piece of the cotton candy she was holding. 
"This will do.", he said before giving her a wink and stuffing the treat into his mouth. 
It was the first time for Talia to see the playful side of Damon, and his smile reached his eyes, making him approachable. 
During that time, he was not Alpha Damon, but he was Damon. Just Damon. 
"Do you know what you want for lunch?" 
Damon's question pulled Talia into reality from her thoughts about their park visit. 
It took her a moment to realize that a tall and slim man was standing next to their table with a notepad in his hand, obviously waiting for their order. 
"Not really.", Talia responded honestly. "Everything looks delicious." 
She didn't look much at the menu, but she saw that there are several pages that were filled to the brim. Names of dishes were listed, which didn't mean much to Talia, and the prices were not there. 
Damon noticed that Talia was spacing out and he couldn't believe that she was doing that in his presence. All women (human and she-wolves) are always trying to get his attention, utilizing every second to impress him, yet here was Talia… sitting with him in one of the most expensive restaurants in town, just the two of them, and her mind was somewhere else. Unbelievable! 
Again, Talia proved that she is different than any other woman Damon met. 
Damon glanced at the waiter. "You heard my lady. Give us a sampler of everything." 
Talia was flustered. What was that, 'MY lady'? And what did he mean by, 'sampler of everything'? The menu was huge! 
But the waiter was gone already, and Talia could only helplessly look after the man. 
Damon chuckled. "Don't make such a face. Two doctors said you are underweight. We will fix that." 
At the mention of doctors, Damon's mood fell. "Don't think about Dr. Jones. I will ask Travis to find you another nutritionist." 
"No need.", Talia said quickly earning her a raised eyebrow from Damon. 
She fidgeted for a bit before explaining, "I looked it up on the internet. Balanced meals are not a big deal. As long as I follow basic guidelines and have vitamins that Doctor Travis prescribed for me, I will be fine." 
She saw not only recommendations but also recipes and videos which showed how to make various dishes. It looked easy, as long as she had the ingredients and access to the kitchen. 
Damon was not happy about this. "You should consult a professional." 
"Can you give me four weeks? If I don't gain weight, I will see any doctor you pick." 
Damon was surprised by this request. People either accept his demands or risk facing his wrath. That's how things go, but Talia was set on opposing him. Or was she testing his limits? 
"Mrs. Blake, are you negotiating with me?" 
Talia's face exploded in a blush. "Can you not call me like that? I know it's a joke, but you might slip when someone else is nearby and it will get me in trouble." 
Damon nodded faintly while thinking that it's a joke, for now. "I called you Mrs. Blake because only Luna gets to talk back to the Alpha." 
Talia was not sure if she should believe him. Surely, someone else will voice their thoughts if they disagree with him. Right? 
She wondered if she should apologize. 
"Two weeks.", Damon said, and it took Talia a moment to understand that he agreed to give her a chance to increase her weight on her own. 
Talia was about to thank him, but then she remembered that there is one more thing. 
"About that... Can you approve my request to help in the kitchen? My hands are not aching anymore and instead of me explaining to Stephanie or someone else what I should eat, I can make my own meals." 
Damon poked his cheek with his tongue while scrutinizing Talia. 
Her request made sense. Talia's bruises are barely visible, and she is not wrapping her wrist anymore, so there should be no problems in letting her work in the kitchen, but how can Damon miss the opportunity to get some benefits? 
"Two conditions.", he said after some time, gaining Talia's full attention. 
Damon raised his index finger. "I get to taste what you make. Whatever you make for yourself, you will make for me as well." 
"Sure!", Talia agreed enthusiastically. "But I must warn you that I'm not good at cooking so it might taste horrible until I get the hang of it." 
Damon stifled a laugh. So many women around him are trying to impress him by portraying themselves in perfect light, yet here is Talia, warning him that she was not good at cooking. 
"I appreciate your honesty, Talia. In order to prepare myself for what's coming, I will ask Travis to prescribe me some digestion medicine." 
Talia made a troubled expression. "I said that it might taste bad, not that I will poison you." 
His sly smile told her that he was teasing her, and she asked quickly, "What's the second condition?" 
Damon extended his hand toward her and put it on the table, palm up. 
Talia glanced from his hand to his face, not sure what he wants. 
"Your hand.", Damon said. 
Talia didn't get it. "My hand?" 
"I get to hold your hand whenever I want, and you will not complain or ask questions. Do we have a deal?" 
Talia had a bad feeling about this, but she couldn't just refuse. After all, she was one step from getting the approval from the scary Alpha that she can work in the kitchen. She will cook and learn and eventually make scrumptious meals, just like the ones she saw in magazines. 
"You won't embarrass me?", Talia asked reluctantly. 
"Did I ever embarrass you, when someone else was around?" 
Talia was about to say that he did, plenty of times, but that second clause made her pause. 
It was true. Damon didn't embarrass Talia when someone was around. He would either treat her well or ignore her, and neither of those two counts as embarrassments. 
Talia thought how it's not a big deal. It's just holding hands, and if anyone would be embarrassed to see them like that, it should be Damon because Talia is a nobody. 
"Deal.", she responded. 
Damon's eyebrows shoot up and he glanced at his empty palm that was on the table. "Well?" 
Talia realized that he wanted to hold her hand. Like, right now. 
She didn't understand what's the big deal with holding hands, but she obeyed. 
The moment their hands touched, Damon's fingers moved between Talia's, and his wicked smile told her that she agreed to this rashly. 
"Why did you ask to hold my hand?" 
"It feels good.", Damon responded without missing a beat. "Does it feel good for you?" 
Talia looked at their connected hands and she had to admit that it feels good. Is it because his hand is so big, or strong, or warm, or because it's his? Would it feel this good if someone else was holding her hand? Talia was not sure because no one ever held her hand like that. 
"It's OK.", she responded in a small voice. 
"Just OK?", he asked, and his thumb moved slowly over her thumb, that gentle touch made her hairs stand on ends. 
"I'm not sure what are you expecting me to say.", Talia said weakly. 
"The truth, Talia. That's the only thing I expect from you." 
There was something in his tone and the whole situation that made her heart skip a beat. 
"It feels good.", she whispered while hoping that the dim lighting in the restaurant was concealing her definitely red cheeks. 
---
###Chapter 56 - The Magic Was Over
Talia released the breath she was holding when the food arrived. It was a much-needed distraction because, for some unknown reason, she was flustered like never before even though Damon released her hand in order to hold utensils. 
A massive plate of food was placed in the middle of the table and Talia was not sure where to look first. 
There were different cuts of steaks, grilled chicken, fish, shrimp, and there was some salad also (mostly as a bed for all the meaty delicacies). 
"I recommend that you start with this one.", Damon said while placing on her plate a piece of roasted meat that was wrapped in bacon. "It's tender and juicy." 
Damon cut the bite-sized piece before offering it to Talia on a fork. He fed her previously, so she didn't think much before accepting it. 
"Mmm…", she hummed in satisfaction as the flavors exploded on her tongue. "It's more than just tender and juicy. It's the best thing I ever tasted." 
Damon's gaze was stuck on Talia's lips that were lifted into a smile and moved as she chewed, and there was a small stream of grease on the left side that escaped her mouth when she spoke. 
He reached with his thumb and wiped it off and Talia stared as Damon put that thumb into his mouth and licking it clean. 
"You are right. It is delicious.", he said, and the way he looked at her made Talia wonder if he was talking about the grease or about her. 
"Eat, my dear wife", Damon said with amusement in his voice. "There is a lot of food and it's not good when it gets cold. Remember what you like so that you make them for me at home." 
Talia's stomach flipped when he addressed her as his dear wife, but she refused to let it show, confident that he was teasing her. She focused on what he said after that. "Shouldn't I make you things that you like?" 
Damon shot her a side-glance. Should he tell her that he will eat anything as long as he can lick it from her, just like that bit of mess he collected from the edge of her lips? 
A crazy image appeared in his mind: Talia lying on the table, with food arranged over her naked body. He would use his tongue and lick her clean. 
Damn! He was getting hard again. 
... 
~ The Dark Howlers pack ~ 
The black armored Lexus SUV stopped in front of the packhouse and Damon turned off the engine. 
Damon increased his hold on Talia's hand, and he had an urge to start the car again and drive away to a place where he and Talia can be on their own. Just the two of them. 
The big mansion in front of the car is his home since he became aware of his existence, yet now he saw it as a place where he couldn't be openly close to Talia because others might see them. 
Damon had his duties and things to do, and if he wanted Talia to tag along, people will notice. 
Damon was not sure if anyone from his pack would dare to act against Talia, but the news that Alpha Damon found a girl who is more than just a hookup will spread and eventually reach the ears of the people who will want to use Talia against Damon; people who will want to harm her in order to harm him. 
Talia noticed the change in Damon's mood, and she understood that the fun time is over. 
A knot formed in Talia's chest and she wondered if that's how Cinderella felt when the clock struck midnight and she had to leave the ball because the magic was over. 
Damon's carefree expression was gone, telling Talia that the spell wore off and she was back to reality where she is Talia. No one. 
Talia didn't dare to harbor romantic thoughts toward Alpha Damon, but her mind drifted in the direction where he was someone who treated her well, a protector, a friend… maybe someone she could rely on. And now that his lips were pressed into a line while he looked toward the packhouse with his brows slightly furrowed, Talia understood that whatever happened earlier that morning, it will stay there. Should she thank him for the few hours he gave her? 
Talia was not sure what that morning was for Damon. Was that his normal routine? Was he playing a game? Or just taking care of a poor girl that he brought home? 
No matter what it was for Damon or if it held any significance, for Talia, that morning was special, and she was confident that she will cherish it as a wonderful memory for years to come. 
It was the first time that someone treated her so kindly. 
They went to the hospital, and Damon didn't only teach the rude doctor a lesson, but he also allowed Talia to vent her frustration. And then they walked in the park, and she got to taste blue cotton candy and to see Damon smiling face, not a smile that's intense or mischievous, but it was a warm and honest smile that made Talia hold her breath and wish for the power to stop time. And then they went to a restaurant, and she got to eat all kinds of tasty food and Damon said that she can work in the kitchen. 
Truly, a morning worth remembering. 
Damon was nice and caring and protective without being overbearing and she liked it very much. 
Talia told herself not to be greedy because she already got so much from him, but a part of her wished that the morning doesn't end. 
Damon looked at Talia's lips that were pressed into a line. He wanted her to smile again, just how she did in the park and in the restaurant, but just telling her to smile without giving a reason wouldn't make sense. Is it possible that Talia was happy because she was away from the pack? He pushed down the anxiety that was forming at the thought of Talia leaving the pack... and him. 
"What will you do now?", Damon asked Talia. 
His question dispelled her unreasonable thoughts about not leaving the car. 
Yes, the caring and playful Damon was gone, and she shouldn't think about him again because she was facing Alpha Damon, the man who helped her out of the Red Moon pack, and his unstable mood was a reminder that the only one she can truly rely on is herself. 
"I want to find Stephanie and figure out the schedule for the kitchen." 
Damon didn't want Talia to work. He wanted her to relax and enjoy pampering the whole day, but he saw sparkles of excitement in her eyes when he told her that she can work in the kitchen, and he couldn't deny her this. 
'Steph, where are you?', Damon asked through the mind link, and he got a response a second later. 
"She is restocking the pantry.", Damon told Talia which earned him a smile. 
Reluctantly, Damon let go of Talia's hand. The loss of sparks tugged on his heart, but it was time to leave the car. 
"Damon", Talia called, and his mood improved because she didn't use his title. 
"Thank you." 
"For?", he asked. 
"For everything. I had fun.", she said honestly, her smile put him in a daze. 
She had fun? Damon wondered which part for her was the most fun one. Was it the drive, the hospital, the park, or the lunch? For him, each moment was precious, and he wouldn't mind being stuck in a loop where he gets to repeat them over and over again. 
Talia reached for the door, to open it, and Damon placed his hand on her shoulder. 
"Wait. I will get the door for you." 
Talia observed Damon as he walked around the front of the car, his gaze didn't leave hers and it all appeared like it was happening in slow motion. 
Somehow, Talia found herself lost in the moment of Damon opening the door for her and giving her his hand to hold. The touch of his palm on hers felt natural, and she wondered how could she get used to it so quickly. 
Talia took a deep breath to compose herself when she realized that she missed his warmth the moment he let go of her hand, reminding her that the magic was gone. 
She chided herself internally. 'What was I thinking? That we will walk inside holding hands? And then what? Don't be stupid and focus on the reality.' 
They entered the mansion and Damon noticed that Talia took the hallway to the left that's leading to the kitchen. 
Damon wanted to go with Talia, but if he did that, people would notice that he was sticking to her. 
He could hear Talia's voice, "Hi Stephanie, Alpha Damon said that I can work in the kitchen, so I came here to talk to you and see when can I start." 
"Oh, that's nice, dear!", Stephanie responded enthusiastically. "I just finished cleaning up after lunch, so there is nothing to do now, but you can help with dinner. We will start around five o'clock. How does that sound?" 
Damon took a note that Talia addressed him as 'Alpha Damon' while talking to Stephanie. He would prefer that Talia drops the title when she is addressing him, but he knew that this was better. If people think that she is just an Omega, that would be the best. 
Talia calls him by his name in private, and that should be enough. 
Damon was contemplating if he should wait for Talia and go upstairs with her, but then he saw Cassie approaching him and his mood dropped. 
As long as Cassie was not in his face, it was easy to forget that Cassie was still lingering around. 
"Alpha Damon", Cassie called sweetly. "You seem to be awfully busy these days..." 
---
###Chapter 57 - The Road Of Becoming Self-sufficient
Cassie saw Damon standing in the hallway and she wondered, where did the girl from that morning go? Did Damon send her home? 
Cassie knew that after the cold treatment Damon gave her, this was not the time to ask such questions and she needed to show that she will not be in his way. 
"Alpha Damon, I see that something is weighing on your mind. I don't want to appear nosy, but I hope you are aware that I will help you in any way I can. I can ask my father to assist you, if necessary." 
Damon didn't want to talk to Cassie, but he knew that she is not going to leave easily, and he was aware that Talia will come out of the kitchen at any moment and head up to her room. If Cassie notices that Talia is heading to the third floor, Cassie might suspect something. 
He wanted Cassie to leave the packhouse as soon as possible, but for that, he needed a reason to send her away or he will risk angering her father and causing problems for his pack. 
At moments like these, Damon hated that he was the Alpha. If he was just a warrior, he would be able to do whatever he wants and the consequences of his actions would be only his to bear and not reflect on thousand of others. 
Hearing that Talia was saying goodbyes to Stephanie, Damon put his hand on Cassie's back and pushed her toward the direction she came from. 
"How about we continue this talk in the living room?" 
Cassie's face lit up. Ah, he wants to talk to her! 
Talia was in a good mood. The day started with a dose of stress when Alpha Damon woke her up, but the rest of the day was wonderful, and it was getting better because in only a few hours she will join Stephanie in the kitchen and start her epic journey that will make her a culinary master! 
Talia held onto the handrail of the staircases and her eyes fell on two figures a moment before they disappeared in the living room. 
It was just for a moment, but she definitely recognized them as Alpha Damon and Cassie. His hand was on her back, and she saw Cassie's profile as she gazed at Alpha Damon with hearts in her eyes. 
The mood seemed harmonious and it confirmed that whatever issue they had that morning, it was not an issue anymore. 
Talia felt numbness overcome her senses as she made her way upstairs, down the hallway… and she was not sure how she found herself on the bed. 
Talia chanted silently that whatever she was feeling, it was not allowed, and she should stop it because it will lead to heartbreak. 
It was only one morning of kindness, and to Damon, it didn't mean anything… just how she doesn't mean anything, and she should not deceive herself that it was important. 
Alpha Damon took her with him from the Red Moon pack on a whim because he felt pity for her, and maybe there was a dose of responsibility since Talia got two beatings from Marcy because of him. 
She should not delude herself that it was anything like friendship because Damon was only making sure that her health is fine and that she has basic needs covered and everything else was just kindness so that his conscience is clean. 
Talia remembered how heartbroken she was when Olivia left. It was because no one else cared about Talia and she ended up latching onto the person who treated her as human. 
She won't allow the same thing to repeat. 
As soon as Doctor Travis says that Talia is fine, she will move out of the packhouse and get accommodation and duties like other Omegas and leave all this behind her. 
Will she ever get to see Alpha Damon again? Probably during events that he will attend, from the distance. 
Alpha Damon belongs to a different world. The one where other Alphas respect him and women like Cassie and Marcy get to swoon over him, and Talia is a nobody. 
That's the truth and she should not deceive herself that it's anything else. 
Alpha Damon gave her a morning full of wonderful surprises and that's enough. It has to be. 
Maybe one day she finds a man who will treat her well all the time, even when others are present. That man will hold her hand in front of others and tell with pride that she is his, and no one will dare to accuse her of stealing or beat her for things she didn't do. 
… 
It was close to five o'clock in the afternoon when Talia dressed in a pink t-shirt with purple kittens on it, and blue leggings. 
Yes, Alpha Damon told her to wear clothes that he bought for her, but she knew that kitchen can be messy, and she didn't want to ruin good clothes. And besides, considering his mood swings, he probably changed his mind and won't even look at her. 
Talia shook her head and told herself not to be silly. She will not see him. Damon is a busy Alpha, and he has no time to linger in the kitchen. 
If he has any free time, he will probably fill it with Cassie or with some other she-wolf who fits the image to be his Luna. 
What happened that morning will not happen again, and she should not delude herself. 
Talia looked at herself in the mirror and gave herself a stern look while pulling her hair into a ponytail. 
"Snap out of it!", Talia spoke to her reflection. "Instead of daydreaming, focus on things that WILL happen and make the best out of it!" 
Talia didn't have an easy life and she was determined to use this opportunity to her advantage. She already left the Red Moon pack, and even though things here were not perfect, it was much better because she got access to things that will allow her to become self-sufficient. 
Talia was aware that she can't be disobedient if she is dependent on others. 
Yes, she can leave, but where would she go? 
Talia doesn't have a wolf, or speed, or strength, or anything else that comes with it. Technically, she is human, an unskilled one. Considering all that, she can't join another pack. Who will accept her? 
On the other side, living with humans means that she will be on her own. How would she pay for things? 
Unless she gets a job as a restroom cleaner, she will end up on the street, and that was not something she wanted. 
Talia was not sure if she wants to stay in the Dark Howlers pack, and she was grateful that Alpha Damon didn't bring up the point that she needs to officially join his pack. Her plan was to postpone that ceremony as much as possible because if she forms the mind-link with the pack, it will be much more difficult to leave stealthily. 
No matter what, Talia didn't want to attract attention because her experience so far showed that attention means trouble. 
At this point, other than a few people in the packhouse, no one was aware of her presence, and she will do her best to keep it that way. 
Talia was determined to use this time to learn skills that will help her if she ever finds herself on her own… and she will start with cooking. 
Helping in the kitchen sounded like a much better job than cleaning restrooms and as a kitchen helper in a restaurant she might get leftovers, which is an added bonus. 
For now, Talia decided not to ask for any special dishes from Stephanie. She will include food groups that are lacking as snacks, or maybe make something on her own when the kitchen is free. With this approach, she will not stand out and she will maximize the hands-on learning that she gets from Stephanie. 
Talia grabbed the tablet with an intention to take notes and maybe look up recipes, and she made her way downstairs with renewed vigor. 
"Hello, dear!", Stephanie greeted Talia enthusiastically. "You are on time." 
"Of course. It's my first day at work, how can I be late? What are we making today?" 
Stephanie loved Talia's energy. 
"Ah, I wish that my Lisa has your passion for cooking." 
Talia heard several stories about Lisa from Stephanie, so she knew that Lisa is her daughter. 
"Not everyone is into cooking." 
Stephanie shook her head helplessly. "We spoiled her. While she was here, Lisa was young and we had many Omegas in the packhouse, so other than washing vegetables occasionally, she didn't do much. My sister doesn't have children and she treats Lisa like a princess. I have no idea what that child will do when she starts her own family." 
Talia knew that she and Lisa are about the same age. "Lisa is still young and there is time to learn. Look at me." 
Stephanie showed a warm smile. She really liked Talia's attitude. 
Stephanie knew that Lisa is beyond redemption in the kitchen, however, she didn't want to talk about it with Talia. 
It was not about time to learn, but about will which Lisa didn't have. Stephanie's comment about how Lisa received the princess' treatment was not an exaggeration. 
"You said that there used to be many Omegas in the packhouse, but I barely saw a few so far.", Talia said, and Stephanie understood that Talia wanted to know why the situation changed. 
"When Damon took over the position as the Alpha of our pack, there were several attempts on his life, and he decided to reduce the number of people who have free access to the packhouse." Stephanie gestured toward the pantry. "If you get two large yellow onions, we will start on the marinade, and I can tell you more…" 
---
###Chapter 58 - Another Accusation
"This is the last one!", Talia announced victoriously as she peeled the last potato. 
"Good, you can take a break now.", Stephanie responded. 
Marinated steaks were roasting in the oven, and Stephanie put potatoes that Talia peeled into boiling water. Those will become garlic mashed potatoes. 
A batch of spiced-up peppers, asparagus, and zucchinis was waiting for the right time to enter the oven. 
The gravy was done. Vegetables for the salad were washed and chopped, and they will put the rosemary-infused dressing over the salad before serving. 
For dessert, they had store-bought Tiramisu cake which was chilling in the fridge. 
It was a full dinner and Talia felt quite accomplished. 
The fun part was that while they prepared food, Stephanie was telling all kinds of stories about the Dark Howlers pack and about Alpha Damon. 
She told stories about Damon as a mischievous child who would sneak out to play with his friends and avoid practice and homework. 
"Damon was a cheeky boy who was good in combat and in academics, but if he invested in those half of the effort he spent in dilly-dallying, everyone would put him in the genius category. Alpha Jacob would punish him for avoiding responsibilities, and Luna Violet always came to calm him down saying how Damon is still a child. And on few occasions when Luna Violet wanted to scold Damon, Alpha Jacob came to the boy's rescue…" 
Talia understood that Damon grew up with a loving family and his life turned from a carefree childhood into a dangerous reality overnight when his parents perished and the heavy responsibility of leading the pack fell on his shoulders. And it was not just Damon, the whole pack faced dramatic changes when they lost experienced leaders who could keep enemies at bay. 
The Dark Howlers pack was never in an open war, but that was thanks to the diplomatic capabilities of Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet. The facts are that werewolves are creatures attracted to power, and it's in their nature to crave for more. More territory, more pack members, more resources… it's never enough. And when Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet perished, Damon became an Alpha of a pack who had a lot of assets, but Damon was not even eighteen years old, so other Alphas saw him as an easy target. 
Stephanie told Talia about attacks from the rogues and other packs who pretended to be rogues, but the Dark Howlers pack stood united, and they came out of that period stronger than ever. 
Now, open attacks are rare, but the calm is deceitful because many are working in the shadows, trying to sway Damon on their side, to use him, trick him, force him to obey, and they are not picky about the methods to accomplish their goals. 
Talia couldn't help but feel sorry for Damon. In a way, he was being bullied just how she was while staying in the attic. Actually, she thought that bullying she had was mild compared to what he is going through. 
Stephanie saw that Talia's expression became solemn, so she shifted the conversation toward food and cooking. 
Since they needed to wait for potatoes to boil, Talia started cleaning the kitchen island. 
"Dr. Travis wants to talk to you.", Stephanie said suddenly. 
Talia paused. "How do you know?" 
"He mind-linked me. Actually, Travis mind-linked Alpha Damon and Alpha Damon mind-linked me." 
"Oh…" Talia didn't want to bring up the obvious point that she doesn't have the mind-link, fearing that Stephanie might remind Alpha Damon of that detail. "How can I reach him?" 
"Use my phone…", Stephanie said and got a cellphone from her back pocket. "Here. Since it's a talk with a doctor, go and find yourself an empty room." 
Talia looked at the phone with a complex expression. She knew what a cellphone is, but werewolves are not really cellphone friendly because they have mind-link, and most of them don't venture outside the pack. So, unless one has important connections with other packs or humans, they don't have personal phones. There is a number of landlines available for everyone to use. 
Stephanie has her phone because that's how she communicates with her sister and Lisa. 
"How do I use this?" 
Talia's embarrassment disappeared quickly because Stephanie explained to Talia how to make a call without making it sound awkward. 
Talia went into the hallway, and she didn't need to search far to find an empty room. It seemed that other than her and Stephanie, no one else was in the packhouse. 
Taking the first room on the right, Talia found herself in the living room. She sat on the sofa and made the call. 
"Hi, Talia!", Travis greeted her as soon as he picked up the call, and based on his tone, Talia knew that Stephanie told Travis through the mind-link to expect this call. 
"Hi, Doctor. You wanted to talk to me?" 
"I told you to call me Travis.", he said sternly before continuing in a softer tone, "I want to hear how your appointment with the nutritionist went." 
Talia took a moment to pick her words. "The information Dr. Jones provided was generic and I decided to look up relevant information online and try it out on my own. Alpha Damon approved." 
"I see…", Travis said thoughtfully. "I would like to be part of that process, if you don't mind." 
Talia had no ions. Travis left a good impression on her, and she wanted to find an excuse to get in touch with him and maybe find the right timing to ask him about working in the pack hospital, just in case if she decides to stay in the Dark Howlers pack. 
"I would like that." 
"Great!", Travis exclaimed. "I want to hear your plan and give you some inputs. I'm confident that the information you find will be good for humans, but werewolves need more meat in our diet. How about you come to the pack hospital tomorrow morning…", he paused while looking at his schedule. "Ten o'clock?" 
"I can do that." 
"OK. I got you in for an appointment. We can also do a round of bloodwork and take your weight. After that, we can meet weekly to track your progress. Are you taking the vitamins?", he had to ask. 
Werewolves are known as stubborn creatures, and they don't take medicines or see a doctor unless they are at the death's door. 
Talia was touched by the care Travis showed. "Yes." 
"Good, good. If you are skipping on the vitamins, the results of the blood test will expose you. So, I will see you tomorrow. Don't forget and don't try to wiggle out of it." 
Talia stifled a laugh. "I won't forget, Travis. I will see you at ten o'clock." 
"I would never guess that an Omega would relax in the living room and set up a date." 
Cassie's voice from the door made Talia freeze and she cursed her luck. 
Cassie was passing by, and she heard Talia speak in a cheery voice, "Sounds good… I can do that… Yes… I won't forget, Travis. I will see you at ten o'clock." 
Of course, Cassie assumed that Talia was talking with her lover. Is that any of Cassie's business? No. But the fact that a scrawny girl in shabby clothes was relaxing on the sofa and acting like she owns the place, rubbed Cassie the wrong way. 
"Why are you still sitting there? Don't you know about hierarchy and manners? Get up!", Cassie hissed, and Talia stood up in slow motion. 
Talia hated the way Cassie treated her, but she was Damon's important guest, and Talia didn't want to cause trouble. 
If she talks back to Cassie, there is a high chance that things will escalate, and Talia was confident that there was no way for her to come unscathed out of that conflict. 
The best thing to do was leave because it's useless to try reasoning with crazy people. 
Talia lowered her head, hoping that Cassie won't recognize her from their previous confrontation in the kitchen, or as the one who was in the car with Damon that morning. Luckily, at that time, Cassie paid more attention to Talia's clothing than to Talia. 
"I apologize if I offended you. If you excuse me, I need to help with dinner." 
At the mentioning of dinner, Cassie narrowed her eyes. "You are the Omega who I caught stealing food." 
Talia gritted her teeth. Why didn't she come up with some other excuse? And she was NOT stealing food, but talking to Cassie seemed like talking to a wall. 
Talia ignored Cassie's comment and moved toward the door, but Cassie was quick to block Talia's exit path. 
"Why are you eager to leave? Did you steal something else?", Cassie's eyes fell on the cell phone in Talia's hand and Talia swiftly hid it behind her back. 
Talia noticed Cassie's expression changing when she saw Stephanie's phone, and Talia panicked. What if Cassie takes it or damages it? How will Talia explain that to Stephanie? 
Cassie interpreted Talia's silence as admittance and she extended her hand, palm up. 
"Give me that phone.", Cassie demanded. 
Talia was not willing. "I didn't steal it." 
Cassie sneered. "I see you can talk back. Is it because Alpha Damon is not here to see who you truly are? You pretend to be obedient and play victim so that Beta can save your sorry ass. Well, I won't fall for your tricks, and no one will save you now. You stole it and now you are lying. How could a lowly Omega have a phone like that? That's an expensive model. Give it to me now and I will tell Alpha Damon to lower your punishment." 
Talia couldn't believe this. Punishment? Why did Cassie say that with a smile, like she is doing a favor for Talia? 
---
###Chapter 59 - [Bonus ]A Jinx
Talia was confident that something was really wrong with Cassie's head. Within a few seconds, Talia ended up as a thief and a liar, and Cassie didn't have a single proof for any of that. 
She wants to be Damon's Luna? Will Damon allow Cassie to be in a position to impact the lives of his pack members? 
Stephanie told Talia several stories about Damon since he took over the pack as the Alpha, and Talia thought that he really cares about his pack. However, if he makes Cassie his Luna, that will change the dynamics for the worse, not only in the packhouse but in the pack overall. 
'I need to leave this place as soon as possible.', Talia told herself. 'Living on the street and sleeping under a bridge can't be worse than this.' 
Who cares about a cozy room if she can't leave it without fear that she will be bullied? And what if bullies come into the room? How will that be different compared to the attic where she used to live? 
Without the authority to talk back to Cassie, Talia felt the urgency to leave, starting with this room. 
Talia walked past Cassie, but how can Cassie allow Talia to walk out? 
Cassie grabbed Talia's arm and applied pressure. 
"Where do you think you are going? Did I allow you to leave?" 
Cassie's wolf is weak on a werewolf-strength scale, but she is still stronger than a human, and since Talia doesn't have her wolf, she was unable to shake Cassie off. Actually, the grip was so painful that Talia winced. 
Talia gritted her teeth. "Let go." 
"Not before you give me that phone." 
Talia was dejected. Why can't this woman leave her alone? But she saw that things were escalating and that Cassie will not let her go. 
Talia's options were to fight back or to admit to theft she didn't do. 
Talia was never in a fight, so that didn't cross her mind, but she couldn't stay silent and allow this to continue either. 
Talia remembered what Maya said to Cassie, and she thought it will be safe to play that card. 
"You are a guest in this pack, and I suggest you act like one. This is not your phone. Why would I give it to you?" 
"Who are you to tell me how I should act?" 
Talia paused. Who is she? No one. But that doesn't mean that Cassie can accuse her of things she didn't do. 
At the thought of the injustice thrown at her, rage swelled inside Talia. 
"And who do YOU think you are?", Talia hissed. "You want to be the Luna of this pack? Luna shouldn't be a bully, and she shouldn't assume the worst about people without evidence. Alpha Damon is a fool if he makes you his Luna because you will ruin the pack he worked hard to protect." 
Cassie's eyes flashed in outrage. 
'PAK!' 
Talia saw stars when a hard slap landed on her cheek, and she stumbled backward. 
'BAM!' 
Something heavy slammed against the wall and a second later, Talia heard an angry roar, "HOW DARE YOU!?" 
Talia blinked to focus and through her haze she saw Damon holding Cassie by her neck, pinning her against the wall. 
Cassie's stared at Damon in horror while struggling to breathe, but Talia's eyes moved over Damon's impressive wet body that was covered only with shorts. The glistening landscape of his back demanded attention no matter how much her cheek stung. 
Damon was training with warriors when he got the message from Travis through the mind-link of how he wanted to talk to Talia. Damon told Stephanie that Talia should call Travis, and Damon took that as a cue to return to the packhouse. 
His plan was to shower and then find out what Talia made for dinner, but he ended up overhearing Cassie preventing Talia from leaving the living room. 
Damon approved when Talia stood up for herself and when she said how Cassie is not a Luna material, and Talia even said some good things about Damon as the Alpha. Damon wished that he was one second faster, because he reached the living room just in time to witness the slap. 
Every muscle in his body ached to choke the life out of Cassie, and just his glare was enough for Cassie to freeze and she didn't try to get herself free from his grip, even though she had difficulty breathing. 
Stephanie showed up at the door of the living room in a hurry. 
"Oh, dear…", Stephanie gasped as she approached Talia who was holding onto her cheek. "Let's put some ice on it." 
Talia followed obediently, unsure if Damon mind-linked Stephanie or if Stephanie heard the commotion. It didn't matter. 
'She hurt our mate!', Damon's wolf shouted in his head. 'Kill her or give me the control and I will do it!' 
'I want nothing less', Damon responded. 'But that might start a war, and she can't know that Talia is our mate.' 
'Are you giving her a pass?' 
'Of course, not!', Damon growled at his wolf. 
Damon glared at Cassie. "Who gave you the right to raise your hand on my pack member?" 
"She stole the phone and refused to admit.", Cassie squeaked. 
'Our mate would never steal!', Damon's wolf raged, and Damon wished for a mute button because his wolf's fury was amplifying Damon's. 
Damon exhaled sharply and released Cassie. 
Cassie rubbed her aching neck and froze when Damon spoke. 
"You have half an hour to pack your stuff, Cassie. My warriors will escort you outside of my territory. You are not welcome here." 
"You are kicking me out over a random Omega?" 
"Yes, I am kicking you out.", Damon said sternly. "She is not a random Omega. She is one of MY people, and I will not allow you to terrorize her or anyone else under my roof." 
"But she is a thief! How can you side with a nobody over me? I have Alpha blood in my veins!", Cassie protested. 
Damon shook his head. "You never learn so there is no point in talking to you. I will explain to your father." 
Cassie frowned and her displeasure turned into panic when she saw two female warriors at the door. It was obvious that they came to escort her. 
"You can't be serious. Are you discarding me? Did you find someone else? Who is she?" 
Damon gestured at the wall clock. "In twenty-nine minutes, they will take you outside my territory. I suggest you start packing." He looked at two female warriors and gestured for them to wait. 
Cassie gaped at Damon who reached for the phone that was on the side table. 
After a few seconds of silence, Damon spoke, "Alpha Richard? I'm calling to let you know that Cassie is on her way home." 
"Did something happen?", Alpha Richard asked anxiously. 
He is aware that Cassie has a temper she can't control. When they talk nicely, Cassie understands things, but she gets fired up easily, and all his teachings go out the window. 
"Cassie is causing disruption in my packhouse. I tolerated her unruly behavior because it was contained to spiteful choice of words, but this time I'm drawing the line because she physically assaulted one of my people. Alpha Richard, due to our relationship, I will not punish Cassie and my warriors will escort her unharmed. But from today onwards, Cassie is not welcome in my territory, and if she appears without authorization, she will be treated with hostility. Make sure she understands that because I don't want to carry consequences for her irresponsible behavior." 
Alpha Richard let out a long breath. "I understand." 
Damon ended the call and looked at Cassie. "Twenty-seven minutes left, Cassie." 
Cassie turned toward the door and her mood dropped even lower when she saw Maya leaning on the doorframe with a smug smirk. 
"Make sure she leaves with all of her things.", Damon said while leaving the room. 
"I'm on it, Alpha.", Maya confirmed and turned to Cassie. "Will you pack your things, or do you want us to do it for you? I heard you have Louis Vuitton suitcases, don't blame us if we damage your precious luggage." 
Cassie couldn't believe this! But the clock was ticking, and it seemed that she really needs to pack and leave, and she will think about other things later. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon was furious and guilt-ridden. 
If he chased Cassie away earlier, this wouldn't happen. 
If he didn't allow Cassie to come whenever she wants, this wouldn't happen. Sure, he never invited her, but he didn't tell her to leave either. 
Was Talia OK? That was quite a slap, and Damon doesn't have experience with non-werewolves, but he could imagine another bruise forming. Damn it! 
Damon made his way into the kitchen, and he panicked when he saw that it was empty. Didn't Stephanie take Talia to get an icepack? 
'Steph? Where are you?', Damon asked through the mind-link. 
'I'm with Talia, in her room.' 
Damon dashed up as fast as he could, and he paused at the door without opening it. 
"Don't pay attention to her, sweetie." Damon heard Stephanie say. "Alpha Damon sent her packing. She won't bother you anymore." 
There was no response and Damon leaned his ear on the door to hear better. 
Stephanie continued talking. 
"I know it's not much consolation, but Cassie was going on all our nerves. No one will miss her here." 
"Alpha Damon will.", Talia said. "He might be angry now, but tomorrow he will change his mind." 
"Is that what you think of him?", Stephanie asked. 
Talia opened her mouth and then closed it, deciding not to share her thoughts about Alpha Damon, because parts about him being weird and mentally unstable could probably put her in a dungeon. But Stephanie was expecting an answer from Talia, so she had to say something. 
"I know that you have a good opinion of Alpha Damon, Stephanie. You watched him grow up and I won't deny that he is a good Alpha for his pack. Alpha Damon helped me out of my predicament, and I am very grateful for everything he did. I mean no disrespect, but my experience is telling me that misfortune comes when he is nearby..." 
In the hallway, Damon frowned and stuck closer to the door. Did Talia call him a jinx? 
---
###Chapter 60 - Dinner And Bossy Attitude
Stephanie saw that Talia's mood was not good and she understood that after the incident with Cassie, Talia has every right to be upset. 
Maya told Stephanie about Cassie accusing Talia of stealing food previously, so she knew that this was not the first time for Cassie to bully Talia. Stephanie also knew about the point that Damon was just standing there and didn't do anything while Cassie was doing her Luna-act, and Stephanie couldn't imagine how painful that would be for Talia. Damon is the one who brought her here with a promise for a better life, yet when it counted he stood on the side. 
Stephanie's heart ached and she wanted to comfort Talia who was holding the ice pack on her face. "Let me see your cheek, dear…" 
"Don't worry about me. I'm used to it.", Talia interrupted Stephanie. Compared to beatings she got at the Red Moon pack, this was nothing much. "Thank you for the ice pack. I know you have good intentions, but dinner will burn if no one takes care of it. I'm sorry, but I don't think I can help you in the kitchen. I'm tired and I would like to rest." 
In the hallway, Damon stepped away from the door of Talia's room when Stephanie opened it. He didn't care if Stephanie caught him eavesdropping. 
Before Stephanie could say anything, Damon gestured for her to move away from the door, so that Talia doesn't overhear them. 
"How is she doing?", Damon asked Stephanie. 
"Hurt. Humiliated.", Stephanie said and narrowed her eyes at Damon. 
"I know.", Damon said before Stephanie could say anything. 
He knew that look. Stephanie was telling him that it was his fault. No one liked Cassie, and Stephanie told him a million times that Cassie is not a good girl, yet he allowed her to come to the packhouse repeatedly and linger while making everyone around her uncomfortable, and Damon didn't say anything when Cassie was shouting how she will be the future Luna or when she snapped at Omegas because she was an easy lay. 
And now Talia got hurt. 
"I'm sorry.", Damon said. 
Stephanie shook her head. "I'm not the one who needs to hear that." 
Stephanie took a deep breath before asking, "Alpha Damon, can I talk to you honestly?" 
Damon gave a small nod, and Stephanie spoke, "I don't think that Talia should stay here. Don't get me wrong, Talia is a wonderful soul and I love having her around, but she suffered a lot and we should not add to it. Today was Cassie, tomorrow it will be someone else. As long as Talia is here, entitled people will cross paths with her and she doesn't deserve that. If you care about her even a little bit, you should consider letting her stay in one of the common buildings." 
Before Damon could respond, Stephanie said, "I'm going to check dinner. Cassie already spoiled the mood, I will not allow her to spoil food as well." And with that, Stephanie left. 
Damon looked at Talia's door with a complex expression. 
He knew that this wouldn't happen if Talia was not in the packhouse. And he heard Talia say how she ends up in trouble because of him, and now Stephanie said that Talia would be better off somewhere else, but… can he stay away from Talia? 
After some hesitation, Damon turned to the right and went to his room. He needed a shower and to clear his head. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
When Stephanie summoned them for dinner, Damon was about to enter Talia's room, but then he heard voices. 
Maya was with Talia and Damon didn't want to interrupt, so he went to the dining room. 
Actually, he wanted to eavesdrop, but he didn't want to risk hearing again from Talia how he brings misfortune. 
That was not his intention. He wanted Talia close so that he can protect her and provide for her, yet he failed miserably. 
When Damon got into the dining room, the table was already set with dishes, but out of the people, only Caden was there, waiting with the report on how Cassie was successfully escorted off their territory. 
"Good. Make sure everyone knows that she is not welcome here.", Damon said and started putting food on the plate that was on his left. That was Talia's place when she joined them for a meal. 
When he filled Talia's plate, Damon put food in his. 
He was wondering if he should cut the meat now or wait for Talia to come. He decided to wait. 
Damon was fiddling with his fork and pushing the food on his plate when Maya appeared. 
"Where is Talia?", Damon asked. 
Maya shook her head. "She doesn't want to come." 
Damon frowned. "She knows that Cassie is not here. Right?" 
"She does.", Maya confirmed. "Talia said that she is not hungry, and I didn't want to force her." 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose. How can she skip a meal? Didn't they talk about her cooking and eating and increasing her weight? 
But he knew that this was not about the food. It was about people. Talia didn't want to come down because she was used to suffering in silence, alone. His heart ached. It was his fault. 
Is Talia blaming him? Is that why she didn't come? Is she avoiding him? 
"What did you talk about?", Damon asked Maya. 
"Talia was asking about other accommodations. I told her that single pack members who are of age and unmated prefer to stay in apartments and some are open to having roommates…" 
Damon didn't hear the rest because his head was buzzing. 
Talia wanted to leave the packhouse? 
Will she live on her own? 
Away from him? 
What if she gets a roommate? 
When will he see her? 
Without someone keeping an eye on her, Talia can leave, and no one will notice. 
'If mate leaves, I will not forgive you!', Damon's wolf shouted in his head. 
Anxiety swelled within Damon. Will Talia really leave? What if she is packing? What if she was gone already? 
Talia escaped him twice, right under his nose, and he was unable to track her. Last time, she nearly left his territory, and even scouts and warriors couldn't sense her presence! 
Damon grabbed his and Talia's plates and headed upstairs with urgency. 
… 
"You don't need to do this", Talia said to Damon who was standing at the door of her room with two plates of food in his hands. Each had a big piece of meat, and there were garlic mashed potatoes and gravy and roasted vegetables. 
Damon felt immense relief knowing that Talia was right there, in front of him, only one step away. 
Damon observed Talia's face and he was pleased that her cheek was only slightly red. He guessed that the bruise didn't form because of the ice pack. He wanted to ask her if it's aching, but he knew that she will probably say that it's fine and he won't believe her. 
"I know I don't need to. I want to.", Damon said matter-of-factly. "Will you let me in, or are we going to eat in the hallway?" 
Talia moved and let out a long breath. 
Why is he making things difficult? She decided to distance herself from him and to embark on her journey of being self-sufficient, and here he is, with food and his bossy attitude. 
Talia didn't blame Damon for what happened. Actually, he came to her rescue and punished Cassie. But she was embarrassed that Damon got to see her being bullied. 
If she was stronger and more courageous, Talia wouldn't end up in such a situation, to begin with. 
How Talia saw this, as long as she depends on him, or anyone else, she won't become stronger. It was overdue for her to take her life into her own hands because she didn't want others to tell her what to do or how to feel or if she is worthy of something. 
Talia took the first step toward controlling her fate by leaving the Red Moon pack, and it would be foolish to stop now and not take advantage of the opportunities she has here. 
Talia closed the door, but she didn't move from that spot. 
She observed Damon who was sitting on the sofa and cutting the meat. 
When Damon finished cutting meat on both plates, he looked at Talia. "Did you give up on your idea of gaining weight in two weeks? If you did, I can find you a nutritionist right away, and if you didn't… come and eat." He patted a spot on the sofa next to him. 
At a snail pace, Talia approached him and took a seat as far from Damon as the sofa allowed it. 
They ate in silence and Talia was grateful that Damon didn't say anything. 
Damon finished his food and left the room without a word. 
She thought that they are done for the evening, but in less than a minute Damon was back. 
"I was not sure which one you want, so I got options…", Damon said while placing three bottles in front of Talia. Soda, apple juice, and water. 
Talia took a sip of apple juice before continuing with her meal. 
'Crack-Psssh!' 
Damon opened a can of beer. He leaned back into the sofa and sipped beer while his eyes didn't leave Talia. 
He watched her eat and she hoped that he will leave when she finishes. 
Part of Talia wanted to look at Damon and have a conversation, but another part told her to stay away from him because the more they talk, the more attached she gets to him, and attachment to Alpha Damon won't bring anything good. 
---
###Chapter 61 - Pillow Talk
Damon's gaze directed at Talia made her uncomfortable and she wanted him to leave. 
"There is Tiramisu for dessert.", Talia said when she finished the food from her plate. 
"You get dessert only if you join us in the dining room for a meal.", Damon responded. 
"That's not what I meant.", Talia said quickly. "I thought that you might want cake so you can have it when you go down." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "Instead of worrying about others, you should think about yourself more. What do you want to do now?" 
'I want you to leave.', Talia didn't dare to say this aloud. "Sleep. I'm tired." 
Damon nodded faintly and his eyes fell on two empty plates. He collected the plates and stood up. "Since you are tired, go to bed." 
Talia understood this is the part where they say their goodnights and she gets her privacy. "Thank you for bringing me dinner." 
Damon's lips lifted into a smile. "You are welcome." 
Neither of them moved for a few seconds and then Damon's eyes darted from Talia to bed, silently telling her to go there. 
Talia moved toward the bed, thinking that once he leaves, she can do whatever she wants, and she wanted to plan her exit strategies. She cursed her luck because she left the tablet in the kitchen. Maybe she can get it later, when everyone falls asleep, assuming that it's still there. 
She was wearing a childish t-shirt with purple kittens and leggings that used to belong to Lisa, but Talia had no intention of changing into the oversized tank top which she uses as sleepwear. It's too revealing and she can change after Damon leaves. That was the plan, at least. 
Talia got under the comforter, and she watched Damon as he walked to the door, opened it, squatted, and then he stood up and closed the door. 
"I want to rest.", Talia reminded Damon when she realized that he didn't leave her room. He only left the plates and utensils in the hallway. And it's not that he didn't leave, but he was approaching her! 
"Rest.", Damon said flatly while climbing on the bed next to her. 
Talia was flabbergasted and she shrunk under the comforter. What the heck?! 
Damon settled on the bed next to Talia while she looked at him in disbelief. The only thing preventing her from screaming was that Damon didn't go under the comforter. 
"Your hand", Damon said, and Talia saw his hand hovering above the bed, palm up. 
"What…?" 
"A-a-a!", Damon interrupted Talia. "The deal was that I get to hold your hand whenever I feel like it, and you don't get to ask any questions." 
"You want to hold my hand now?" 
Damon wiggled his fingers impatiently, indicating that he was waiting for her to put her hand into his. 
Talia couldn't believe this. But Damon said that she can work in the kitchen in exchange for him eating the food she makes, and holding her hand. She worked in the kitchen, and he ate that food, and… he wanted to hold her hand. 
Talia put her hand into Damon's gingerly while wondering if she made a mistake by accepting that deal. When she agreed to handholding, she didn't think that it will include Damon climbing into her bed. 
Damon's hand was warm, and his fingers laced with Talia's, and she took a deep breath which brought her the scent of the forest and dark chocolate and she didn't hate it. Not even a little bit. 
He closed his eyes and savored the sparks which shot up his arm, filling his whole body with delightful energy that was amplified by the sweet citrusy scent of freesia. 
Damon remembered that Talia said he brings misfortune, and how Stephanie said he should let her go, and that Maya mentioned different living arrangements, but this was the first time in a decade that Damon felt at peace and he didn't want to let go. 
Since he became the Alpha, Damon sacrificed many things in the name of duty toward his pack. He even put his life on the line more than once. 
But this was one sacrifice he was not willing to make. He didn't want to be apart from Talia. He couldn't. 
How on earth was he supposed to let her go? It didn't matter if she moves to a different building or leaves the planet. Being away from her was unacceptable. 
He knew that he was selfish, but he wanted her next to him because the thought of Talia not being close was suffocating. 
"Talia", Damon called. "I don't want you to leave the packhouse." 
Talia looked at him, and before she could , he spoke again, "I want you to treat this place as your home. If anyone gives you a hard time, you can put them in place or let me know and I will do it for you, gladly. Just… don't leave. OK?" 
"Alpha Damon…", Talia said, and her voice trailed when she saw Damon's frown of disapproval. She cleared her throat awkwardly before correcting herself, "Damon. I appreciate your kindness, but I don't belong here. It's too stressful." 
"I banned Cassie from here. She will not return." 
Talia shook her head. "Today was Cassie, tomorrow might be an Alpha or some other important person that I need to tiptoe around. You said that I should treat this place as my home, but I can't feel at home if I need to hide." 
"You don't need to hide from anyone, Talia. My home is your home.", Damon said, and he saw that Talia was not convinced. He had to try something else. "How about this… Give me one chance. If anyone bothers you again or makes you uncomfortable, I will help you pack." 
Talia was confused. "Why are you persistent?" 
Because the thought of you not being here is agonizing! "I have a free room and you need one. If you move, this place will stay empty and collect dust, and it will be a chore to find you in order to hold your hand." 
Talia's intuition told her that was not the reason. What was he hiding? Or maybe he was not hiding anything, but he was just regular Damon with a split personality and right now she was talking to the clingy Damon who wanted to hold her hand. 
"I'm sure you can find someone else to hold hands with." 
"You are right.", Damon agreed. "There are many women and many hands, but there is only one Talia Blake and if I hold hands with any woman other than my wife, that would be considered cheating. My reputation is not stellar but I'm not a cheater." 
Well, Damon didn't lie. He was not a cheater because he never committed to a relationship, so even when he switched women every night (or a few within the same night), technically, that was not cheating. 
Talia felt her face burning and she feared that she will spontaneously combust. "Please, stop talking like we are married." 
"Is that bothering you?" 
Is it bothering her? No. Not really, because she knew that Damon was joking. But if someone else heard it, they might not take it as a joke, and Talia would become the target of jealousy. 
Cassie went mental because she thought that Talia stole a phone, and if Cassie suspected that Talia stole Damon, Talia was confident that Cassie would go for the kill. 
Talia let out a slow breath while chanting internally that she should not allow Damon to fluster her. "I'm confident that you can find someone more willing to be your wife." 
"Are you saying that you are not willing?", Damon asked without missing a beat, and his lips lifted into a mischievous smile. "It's too late for that, my dear wife. The whole hospital in the human city knows you are my wife, and the waiter in the restaurant also. Did you forget that I licked your wound? Healing wounds in such a way is usually reserved for family members and mates because it's considered to be intimate. Look at us, sharing the bed, and it's not the first time either. Or am I just a fling to you?" 
Talia was exasperated. How much nonsense can he squeeze in ten seconds? 
"Can you, please, stop joking about it. Maybe for you, that's normal, but for me…" Talia was not sure how to finish this. 
"Normal? Do you think that I allow any woman to call herself Mrs. Blake?" 
"You don't?", Talia asked sarcastically. 
"You are the first one." The only one. 
Talia stared into Damon's icy-blue eyes and searched for something but other than sincerity, she didn't find anything else. 
Her breath was stuck in her throat. 
Is it possible that he gives her special treatment? Why would he do that? 
No, not possible. He is playing with her for some unknown reason. Probably because she is so gullible, and he gets a kick from making her flustered with a few words. 
Talia gave up. There was no way to prove anything Damon said. Besides, even if he gave her special treatment and she was the first one to get the title of his pretend-wife, it wouldn't change anything. It's not like he was courting her or proposing marriage for real, and bickering because of a silly game he came up with was a fruitless effort. 
"Fine. I believe you.", she said. 
"I don't think you do." 
"Let's drop that topic." Talia wanted to discuss something more pressing. "How long are you going to hold my hand? There must be some limit. I'm not sure I can sleep like this." 
She was not sleepy, and Damon's proximity combined with teasing kept her on the edge. 
---
###Chapter 62 - Alpha’s Apology
Talia wanted Damon to leave, so she used the excuse of being sleepy. 
She needed space. 
Ever since the incident with Cassie, Talia didn't find a moment to collect her thoughts. 
First, it was Stephanie, then Maya, and now Damon, and Talia didn't get a chance to think about what happened and what she will do about it. Well, she knew that she should leave the packhouse, but the question was: how far away should she flee? 
There must be some safe distance from Damon and the bullies. 
Damon was amused by Talia's newfound spunk. She seemed determined to stay away from him, but he had no intention of leaving her side. 
He chased Cassie away, and that must count for something. 
"You can't sleep like this?", Damon asked. 
"No. Not really.", Talia said and moved her arm. 
The sleeve of Talia's t-shirt hitched higher, and Damon narrowed his eyes when he saw a fresh bruise on Talia's upper arm. 
Damon pushed himself up and examined the bruise. It was a palm print with five fingers seen clearly. He didn't need to ask how that happened. 
He gritted his teeth as rage swelled inside him. If Cassie was anywhere nearby, he would snap her neck. 
Damon was not sure how to handle the whirlwind of emotions that swelled inside him. Anger, dejection, guilt, but somehow it was all soothed by the sweet citrusy scent of freesia and those delightful sparks that formed as he held Talia's arm, and the only thing he wanted was to get closer to the gorgeous girl who was looking at him with her big, honeyed eyes. 
Talia thought that since Damon got into a seated position, he will finally leave so that she can have space to breathe without his proximity muddling her mind, but in the next moment, Damon was under the comforter, and she was in his embrace. 
"What are you doing?", Talia asked while struggling to push herself away from him. 
Everywhere Talia touched was hard, and she knew that unless he lets go, she will never free herself, but she still tried. 
"Shh…", Damon shushed Talia and pressed her head to rest on his shoulder. "You said that you can't sleep when we hold hands, and I know that you like to sleep like this, so… sleep." 
Talia couldn't believe this. Who said that she likes sleeping like that? This was worse than holding hands! She could feel him everywhere! Well, not really everywhere but the touching surface was much more than just hands. 
"Talia…", Damon called, and she stopped her futile attempts to wiggle out of his hold. 
Talia was exasperated. The bossy Alpha wanted to cuddle, and he was pinning her against him, just like when he found her in the attic, and the next day in the car and in the hotel room, and she already knew that she can't win. But he wanted to say something, so maybe he will let her go if she hears him out. 
"I am sorry for what happened this afternoon. Cassie had no right to talk smack, and she had no right to hit you. I feel responsible for it and if there is anything I can do to make it up to you, just say it. My soul is aching at the thought that you got hurt on my watch, so… let me hold you. Please. It will make me feel better." 
Talia was ready to hear many things, but she was not expecting an apology. Do Alphas apologize? 
The sincerity in his voice rendered Talia speechless. He was truly sorry that she got hurt. 
But the strangest thing was that Talia got bullied, yet it sounded like Damon was the one who needed comforting. 
Talia didn't understand why, but for some inexplicable reason, she believed him. Maybe it was because she wanted to believe that he cares and that he was sorry. 
Talia knew that by tomorrow all that might change and Damon will go back to ignoring her, but at that moment, being next to Damon felt good and she didn't want to fight it. 
Her thoughts of leaving the packhouse didn't disappear, but she pushed them aside for now because people treating her well was a rare occurrence and Talia wanted to enjoy every second of it. 
Damon was pleased to feel Talia relaxing against him. 
There was no skin-to-skin contact, but even through clothes, the sensation of Talia's proximity was out of this world. 
Damon rolled on the side, to face Talia fully and he held her tightly against him with his nose resting at the top of her head as he inhaled the sweet citrusy scent of freesia that made him lightheaded. 
Ever since their nap in the hotel when they shared the bed, Damon was itching to sleep with Talia in his arms and he was delighted that it was finally happening. 
Talia was his drug, his addiction, everything about her was perfectly made for him, and the fact that her left arm was draped over his waist, improved the experience by several folds. 
Damon chanted internally that it's just a hug, sleeping next to each other, and he will not do more than that, but his body had a mind of his own. He was thankful that due to the angle of their hips, Talia was unaware of how hard he was. 
Damon knew that Talia was inexperienced and because she was oblivious to the fact that they are mates, if he makes a move on her, he will appear like a creep. He will take it slow. How far? He was not sure and he tried not to think about it. 
"Damon?", Talia called, and he smiled because her voice was soft, and she didn't use his title. 
"Yes?" 
"You have women warriors in your pack, right?" 
"OUR pack.", he corrected her. "And yes, we do." 
"Can I train? I want to get stronger and maybe learn some moves to defend myself." 
Damon didn't like the idea of Talia fighting, but he admired her desire to learn and improve. 
"When Travis says that your physical condition is fine, we can start." 
"I have an appointment with him at ten in the morning, so I will ask him then." 
"I will go with you." 
"Thank you. For everything." She really meant it. For punishing Cassie and for bringing her dinner, for saying that she can train, and even though she was not fully comfortable with him in the bed, Talia couldn't deny that if Damon didn't stay with her, she would think about Cassie and that slap and continue her plans about getting out of there. 
"You are most welcome." 
A pleasant silence blanketed the room. 
Talia shifted a bit and Damon rolled on his back so that Talia's head ended on his chest, and she was surprised that their position didn't feel awkward. 
She thought about the day that started with Talia waking up on Damon's hand as a pillow, and everything that happened after that, and it was undeniable that this day was the most eventful ever. Other than the unpleasant few minutes with Cassie, it was overall positive. 
"Damon?" 
"Hmm?" 
"Do you plan on sleeping here?", she had to ask. 
"Is that a problem?" 
"Uhm…", she was not sure how can he act like this was normal. "You have your bed and…" 
"Is something wrong with your bed?" 
'There is nothing wrong with it, other than the fact that you are in it!', Talia didn't dare say that aloud. 
"I'm sure that yours is bigger." She didn't peek inside the room across the hall, but she knew the size of the beds for Alpha, Luna, and their children in the Red Moon pack, and they were definitely bigger than this one. 
Damon hummed ambiguously. "So, you think that this bed is small?" 
"No, no, no…", Talia quickly said. "It's just that this bed is for one person. Aren't you more comfortable in your bed?" 
"Well...", Damon drawled. "Technically, this IS my bed. In my personal opinion, this bed is just fine for the two of us.", Damon said and tightened his hold on Talia. It was a queen-size bed and he wished that it's smaller so that they can squeeze closer, if possible. "But I see your point. I will order a bigger one tomorrow." 
"No, no. Please, don't." 
"Is this bed small or not? Make up your mind.", Damon said with amusement in his voice. 
Talia let out a long breath. "Forget that I said anything." 
Damon chuckled and Talia felt his face pressing at the top of her head. Did he just kiss her there? She was not sure, and she didn't dare to ask. 
Damon's hot breath caressed Talia's scalp and the unfamiliar sensation created butterflies in her stomach. 
Talia was still undecided if coming to the Dark Howlers pack was a good thing or not, but she knew that spending time with Damon was anything other than boring. 
Talia listened to his steady heartbeat and the slow rise and fall of his chest was lulling her to sleep. 
Damon's hold was solid, and it made Talia feel safe like nothing bad can reach her, urging her to relax and drop her guard. For tonight, at least. 
Damon's warmth enveloped her, and his scent of the forest and dark chocolate was soothing, and without knowing how or when, Talia drifted off to sleep. 
---
###Chapter 63 - The Woman Under Alpha Damon’s Protection
~ the Steelbite pack ~ 
It was after midnight when Cassie arrived home, to the packhouse of the Steelbite pack. 
Everyone saw that she was not in a good mood, and they stayed away from her. 
Alpha Richard gave Cassie about one hour to steam out before he came to her room, only to find Cassie sprawled on her bed with her head buried into pillows that did a lousy job in lowering the volume of her sobs. 
Cassie was not sad or heartbroken. She was humiliated and furious. How can she accept this outcome? 
She experienced Damon's intimate embrace more than once, and even though he was never cuddly or lovey-dovey, he never hurt her. Cassie didn't take it against him. He is an Alpha, after all. He doesn't need to woo women because they come to him, just how Cassie did. 
Everyone knows that Alpha Damon samples a woman for one night, and that's it. 
Cassie had the pleasure of being with him repeatedly over the last few years. She thought it means something, yet now he was choking her and he kicked her out because she slapped one scrawny Omega? The image of Damon's furious glare is etched into Cassie's mind, and she is confident that it will become part of her nightmares. 
In her pack, Cassie is a princess and everyone treats her with respect, and what she experienced from Damon was equivalent to hundred slaps on the face. It was one thing for Maya to mock her, but even the warriors who escorted Cassie out of Damon's territory looked at her with taunting smirks which made Cassie's blood boil. 
Cassie was embarrassed and angry and she was not sure how she can show her face in public anymore. 
"Will you tell me what happened, pumpkin?", Alpha Richard asked while taking a seat on the edge of Cassie's bed. 
Cassie whipped her head to glare at her father. "What happened? You know what happened. Alpha Damon kicked me out and told me not to come anymore like I'm some kind of a criminal!" 
"That was the outcome, but I'm missing the part why you assaulted one of his members. Didn't I tell you to act like his Luna and be compassionate while there?" 
"Compassionate!? Compassion is for people who behave and know their place!", Cassie screamed. "That Omega is a thief! She had a phone that obviously didn't belong to her, and when I asked her to give it to me, she refused and tried to leave, like I'm not important. I only slapped her to make sure she knows her place, I didn't even hit her that hard, but then Alpha Damon grabbed my neck and slammed me against the wall. He wanted to kill me!" Cassie was hysteric. 
"Sweetie, that's Alpha Damon you are talking about. If he wanted to kill you, you would be dead.", Alpha Richard said, and he knew that Cassie returned unscathed only because Cassie is his daughter. 
"I told you to act like a Luna and be benevolent. Unless it was in an act of defense, you shouldn't be physical, even if your opponent is an Omega." 
"So now it's my fault!" 
"Alpha Damon thinks so.", he deadpanned. "How about you calm down and tell me what happened, from the beginning, since you arrived at the Dark Howlers pack. I don't think he would lose his temper over one isolated incident, so tell me everything you can remember. Let's analyze the situation together and see if we can salvage it." 
Alpha Richard went through this exercise many times. Whenever Cassie returns from the Dark Howlers pack, he will find a reason to ask Cassie about details from her visit. Yes, Cassie is only focused on seducing Damon, but sometimes she would find other useful information that Alpha Richard could use. 
Cassie took a few deep breaths and started… "When I arrived, Alpha Damon avoided our usual greeting. Well, he is not really warm and gentle but whenever I come, I hug and kiss him, but this time he dodged me…" She told him how Damon was distant, and one moment he allowed her to come close, only to push her away in the next; how he was always busy; about the incident in the kitchen when she caught Talia stealing; how Damon would eat in his room instead of joining them; and how Damon took another girl to human town while giving her a warning that she was too nosy, and then how she caught Talia with a pricy phone. 
"Hmph! Why did he defend her, twice? She is so weak. You should see her, the moment I called her out for stealing she lowered her head in submission, and when I grabbed her hand, she couldn't get out…" 
Alpha Richard didn't need to hear the details. He already got the gist of it about the reason why Cassie was kicked out: Cassie lost temper, crossed the line, and Alpha Damon punished her. To be honest, considering Cassie's personality, Alpha Richard was surprised that Alpha Damon didn't snap earlier. 
"I thought that it's a mood swing. Maybe he found another woman. That's not unusual, but it never lasted for more than a day, and he would always accept my advances. However, this time, I was there for days, and he didn't touch me. Is it because of Marcy from the Red Moon pack? Did they really got engaged?" 
Alpha Richard shook his head. "Nothing is conclusive with Marcy. Alpha Damon left saying that they will decide later how to proceed with the engagement." 
Cassie frowned. "Is he actually thinking about it?" 
"Alpha Damon is not a thinking type. He acts. Alpha Damon left the Red Moon pack without sealing the engagement, and that means he was not willing to make Marcy his Luna." 
Cassie relaxed at those words. "But then, why was he avoiding me? Other than one woman who he took to the human city for an appointment, I didn't see any other woman around him other than Omegas and that annoying Beta Maya." 
"Do you know who is the woman that Alpha Damon took for an appointment?" 
"I never saw her before. But her clothes were high-end…", Cassie paused. "Actually, a day before that, Alpha Damon went shopping personally and I saw bags full of clothing. I'm confident that he bought clothes for her." 
"Is that unusual? If he was courting a woman, it's not unusual to buy her gifts." 
Cassie plopped on the bed and stared at the ceiling. "I don't know, daddy. Nothing was out of place, but my intuition told me that everything changed. So far, Alpha Damon was either indifferent or accepting toward me, yet this time, he scolded me more than once, and he even hurt me. Man doesn't change like that unless he found someone else. Maybe buying clothes is normal for courting women, but I'm watching Alpha Damon for years, and he doesn't court women." 
Alpha Richard agreed with this. He knew very well from his experience that Alpha doesn't need to show off in order to get a woman to warm his bed because there are always women who are attracted to status and power... unless Alpha Damon found a woman worth pursuing. But he didn't want to say that to Cassie and risk her throwing a fit. 
"Tell me about that girl. I will see if I can find out who she is." 
"Which one? The Omega who is the reason why Alpha Damon hurt me, or the one in the car?", Cassie asked and before her father could respond, she continued talking, "Actually, they kind of look alike." 
"Sisters? Or is it possible that it's the same person?" 
Cassie didn't take a good look at Talia when she was in the car, but she noticed a few things. "Both had copper-colored hair and a petite frame. I didn't notice more than that but..." Cassie's eyes widened. "What if it's the same girl?" That would explain why the girl in the car was quiet. 
"If that's the same girl, it sounds to me that Alpha Damon is protective of her. Did you get her name?" 
Cassie shook her head. "I can call him and…" 
"No.", Alpha Richard cut her off. "Let me investigate this. Stay low, Cassie, promise me." 
Cassie was not willing. "Why?" 
"Because you just enraged Alpha Damon and he told me that if you get close to him, he will treat you as an enemy. Trust me, you don't want that. Give him time to cool off and forget about the incident. If that's the same girl, and he was protective of her, she might be more than just an Omega." 
Cassie frowned. "You are telling me that some woman is latching onto my man, and I should stay quiet?" 
"No. I'm telling you that some woman is under his protection, and you shouldn't provoke him. There is no proof that there is anything romantic between them. She could be a relative or someone he treats well because of benefits. There is also an option that she is a spy who is training to go undercover. If her mission is important, Alpha Damon would personally check her abilities. Let's not risk doing anything rashly. I will find out who she is, and we will take it from there." 
Cassie pursed her lips. "OK. I will not contact Alpha Damon, but only if you promise to tell me what you find." 
"Alright.", Alpha Richard said. "Now get cleaned up and sleep. I want to see you in high spirits in the morning." 
Cassie let out a long sigh before agreeing. "Good night, daddy." 
"Good night, pumpkin." 
He kissed Cassie's forehead and left her room. 
---
###Chapter 64 - While She Was Sleeping
Alpha Richard was thinking about Cassie's words and he had a feeling that he might be on to something. 
Just like many other Alphas and Elders, Alpha Richard is keeping an eye on Damon (and on the movements of the Dark Howlers pack), and Alpha Richard is aware that no matter how much they tried to pressure Damon, it was nearly impossible to influence him because Damon didn't expose any weakness. 
The circle of people who can approach Damon is small, and he doesn't have any close family members. No matter what girls they send Damon's way, none of them kept him interested for more than one night. Well, Cassie is an exception, but she never went beyond occasional hookup. 
However, if there is a girl who managed to invoke Damon's protective side, she might be someone important. 
Alpha Richard's story of how the girl might be Damon's relative or a spy was just nonsense to pacify Cassie; she was never the sharpest tool in the shed; far from it. Actually, Cassie is not stupid, but her rash personality and short fuse make her susceptible to external influences and unless someone is guiding her, she easily loses focus. 
Alpha Richard was stuck on the part where Cassie described the woman as weak; it was unusual. He knows very well that Cassie has no oppressive aura and that she is weak by werewolf standards. Any average teenage werewolf can defeat Cassie, so... why was this woman powerless in front of Cassie? Did the woman pretend to be weak, or did Cassie exaggerate to make herself look better? Is it possible that the woman is not a she-wolf? 
Maybe, just maybe, Cassie returned from the Dark Howlers pack with something useful, but Alpha Richard knew better than to say that in front of Cassie because she will probably ruin it. 
Alpha Richard never found his destined mate. Over the years, women by his side changed, and one of them gave birth to Cassie. The woman expected benefits and Alpha Richard chased her away before Cassie turned three years old, but he kept the child because an Alpha without family is frowned upon. He made sure that all kinds of rumors about Cassie's mother were spread so that she doesn't dare to show her face, and the image of a doting father worked in his favor. 
Cassie grew up with nannies (who doubled as Alpha Richard's bed warmers) and Alpha Richard didn't bother much with Cassie; he bought her things and made sure everyone treats her like a princess. 
It didn't take much effort to convince Cassie that Alpha Damon is the man for her, and Alpha Richard rejoiced thinking that Cassie will finally become useful. 
To his disappointment, Cassie failed, just like many others before her, and Alpha Richard used his connections to get Cassie back into Damon's arms. After the third time Cassie showed up, Damon started tolerating Cassie's presence and he didn't question when she appeared unannounced, and even though she didn't make much progress, it was more than all previous bride candidates. 
Alpha Richard told Cassie to play stupid and stick close to Damon while keeping her eyes open with the hope that she might find something useful, and so far, there was nothing. However, now Cassie brought news: there is a woman who is close to Alpha Damon, and Alpha Damon was protective of her. Coincidence? Alpha Richard doesn't believe in coincidences. 
It didn't matter if Damon's interest in Talia was romantic or not, the fact that Damon moved for her was the key point. Something that could be used. 
… 
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~ 
Damon held sleeping Talia in his arms and counted her slow breaths while playing with the strand of her hair. 
He remembered Talia saying how she wants to leave, and he firmed his resolve to keep her by his side at any cost. 
Damon knew that unless he tells Talia they are mates, she will doubt his intentions, but… what if that scares her away? What if she doesn't believe him? 
Without Talia's wolf, Damon had no way to prove to Talia how much she means to him, and he feared that his significance in her life is not enough for her to stay. 
Damon was confident that Talia is not a wolf-less Omega. 
She moved freely through the dark kitchen and through the forest, which proved that her wolf is enhancing her sight. When she gave a lesson to Mr. Mendez at the hospital, Talia projected an aura only a queen could have. Definitely not an Omega. He didn't imagine any of those. 
Damon didn't care if Talia is an Omega or a human, but he knew that if she can find her wolf, Talia will become stronger and incidents like the one with Cassie will not repeat. 
'Travis. Travis!', Damon called through the mind-link. 'Are you awake?' 
'I am now…', Travis responded drowsily, and it took him a moment to snap awake, 'Alpha!? What happened? Is there an emergency?' 
'Not an emergency. This is about Talia.' 
Travis couldn't believe this. It was the middle of the night! But that's Alpha Damon and he didn't dare complain. 'Is she OK?' 
'I don't know. Can you keep a secret?' 
'Everything about my patients is confidential.', Travis responded right away. 
'I told you that she doesn't have a wolf.' 
'Yes.', Travis confirmed. 'That's why her healing is slow.' 
'Talia is physically weak, and her healing ability is just like humans. But what if I told you that she has night vision comparable to mine?' 
'You are saying that her wolf is crippled?' 
'I don't know. I was hoping that you might have some answers.', Damon said honestly. 'I have a feeling that her wolf is not gone, but something weakened her, and she can only enhance Talia's vision. Are you aware of any cases like that?' 
There was silence, and Damon waited patiently, knowing that Travis was thinking about it. 
'Wolves are our spiritual halves that enhance our bodies', Travis spoke after some time. 'There are cases when a werewolf was hurt physically or mentally, and the wolf side would be sacrificed in order to save the human half. If we take into consideration that Talia is malnourished and abused for years, I can see as a possibility that her wolf's vitality reduced in order to preserve Talia's life. Talia's medical history would help us get more information, but Talia told me that she saw a doctor the last time when she was a child, in the Red Moon pack. I didn't find it relevant to her condition because it was a long time ago, but if you want me to investigate her wolf, I can contact the pack doctor there…' 
'No!', Damon cut him off. 'I need you to keep to yourself that Talia is from the Red Moon pack. If there is a record about it, erase it.' 
'Got it.', Travis agreed right away. Considering Talia's condition, he had a vague idea that she came to their pack to seek asylum and if the Red Moon pack gets a whiff about Talia's whereabouts, it might be troublesome. 
'Is there something we can do without her medical history?', Damon asked. 
'You want to awaken her wolf?', Travis guessed. 
'Is that possible?' 
Travis was not sure. 'Technically, yes. Talia's body and mind are weakened. Assuming that her wolf is not beyond salvation, if Talia improves her physical condition, and is in a supportive environment that will help her mentally, there is a chance of her wolf recuperating. But keep in mind that her condition is deteriorating for many years, and it might take even longer for her to bounce back. There is no way for us to get any timelines or estimates that make sense.' 
Damon didn't like the uncertainty, but some chance was better than none. 
'I will come with Talia tomorrow. I want you to do tests for her senses and strength and keep track of any changes without letting her know about this.' 
Travis was surprised by this last part. 'You don't want her to know that there is a possibility of her wolf coming back?' 
'Not yet.', Damon said. 'Getting her wolf back is a big deal and Talia is currently fragile. You said it, it can take years and there is no guarantee that it will work. I don't want her to get disappointed if it doesn't work out. I want you to schedule weekly appointments on the pretense of checking her weight and health, and I will take care of everything else. When we are fairly confident that we are making progress, we can discuss telling her.' 
Other than tracking Talia's progress, Damon wanted Talia to have more attachments to the pack, starting with regular doctor's appointments. That will make it more difficult for her to leave. 
Travis hummed in agreement. 'Sounds good, Alpha. It's good that you are going to get involved because Talia has a big challenge ahead of her.' 
Damon didn't understand. 'What do you mean?' 
'I noticed her mental scars. She needs surrounding that will allow her to feel safe so that she can be herself. If she finds herself in a stressful situation, it can pull her back and destroy months of progress…' 
Damon listened to Travis, and he wondered if keeping Talia in the packhouse is the right thing to do. But he couldn't let go, because the fragile girl in his arms gave him a sense of purpose beyond leading the pack. 
Damon wanted to take care of Talia because, in a way, that was taking care of himself, and besides, no matter where he sends her, he can't guarantee that someone won't pick on her. 
When Travis was done talking, they confirmed Talia's appointment at ten o'clock in the morning and Damon was back to staring at Talia's sleeping face. 
Her lips were slightly parted, and he really wanted to kiss her. 
Damon wondered if that would be her first kiss. But no matter if it would be her first kiss, it would be THEIR first and he didn't want to steal it. He wanted her awake and aware and willing… for much more than just kissing. 
Damon leaned lower and left a soft kiss on Talia's forehead. 
Delightful sparks tingled his lips, and he inhaled a shaky breath which filled his system with the sweet citrusy scent of freesia. This was far from enough, but it would have to do until the time is ripe and he gets to put that kiss where it belongs, on Talia's lips… and on the rest of her. 
---
###Chapter 65 - The Morning After
Through her sleepy haze, Talia heard water. 
It sounded like a downpour. 
No matter what the weather was outside, Talia was in a cozy bed, surrounded by the scent of the forest and dark chocolate, and she didn't want to wake up. She pulled the comforter over her head and drifted back to sleep. 
Talia's mind stirred, and her eyes fluttered open. 
There was no sound of rain. It was sunny outside. Did she dream about the rain? Or was it raining during the night and then it cleared up? It didn't matter. 
Talia turned lazily and her nose touched the pillow that was full of delicious smell which confirmed that the last night happened. She didn't imagine it. 
Alpha Damon was there, and he asked her to continue using this room and he said that no one will disturb her anymore and she doesn't need to hide, and that she can train self-defense. 
Talia didn't remember when she fell asleep, but she knew that Alpha Damon slept with her, or at least held her while she was sleeping. The sheets next to her were cold but based on the strength of the scent, she concluded that Damon left recently. 
She bit her lip guiltily at the memory of her sticking to Damon. She felt guilty because it was not allowed, not for someone like her. 
His body was solid and warm, and his presence made her feel safe. It felt good, more than good, but if Marcy or Cassie or any other Damon's woman saw them like that, Talia was confident that she would get a beating, so the events from last night will definitely stay a secret buried in her memory. 
Talia let out a sad sigh and reminded herself not to get used to Damon's clinginess because his mood swings are unpredictable, and she should not expect that he will treat her with kindness. If she expects it and it doesn't happen, she will end up hurt. 
Talia could describe Alpha Damon as confusing. Why can't he pick one personality and stick to it? 
If he is mean to her or ignores her, it would be so much easier to leave and not look back. 
Talia chided herself for wavering. She was resolved to leave as soon as Doctor Travis says that she recuperated, but then Alpha Damon brought her dinner and climbed into her bed, but he was not intrusive. It was the opposite. Yes, he pressed her against him, but he was kind and he listened, and she didn't hate it. 
But no matter how good it was to fall asleep in Alpha Damon's embrace, Talia didn't dare to hope it will happen again. 
Does she want it to happen again? Does it matter what she wants? 
She justified Damon's behavior from the previous night as something he did because he wanted to comfort her and apologize since Cassie bullied her on his watch. Those were his words. 
Yeah… it will not happen again. 
Talia glanced around the room, to make sure she is on her own and no one can see her, and then she buried her face in the pillow and took a deep breath. How can a man smell so good? 
She really loved Damon's scent, but she would never admit that. Not even to herself. Those kinds of thoughts were not allowed. 
Talia jolted when the bathroom door opened, and her eyes widened in shock at the sight of Alpha Damon standing there with only a towel hanging dangerously low on his waist. 
His hair was damp and messy, increasing his visual appeal by a notch; not like he needed that to look delicious. 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air while struggling to maintain eye contact and not gape at the magnificent landscape of his body. 
"Good morning, my dear wife.", Damon said with his signature lopsided smile. 
"Good morning…", she responded in a squeaky voice, too flustered to address the 'dear wife' part, and her face exploded in blush when his smile widened. 
Damon raised his arm and leaned on the doorframe, giving her a spectacular view of his V-shaped torso. 
Talia's breath hitched when their eyes met and she saw his knowing gaze. 
Oh, God! He noticed her staring! But she couldn't look away. 
"Why are you here?", she managed to force words out of her mouth. 
"I didn't want to leave before you wake up. It would appear that I sneaked out after we spent the night together.", he said like it's a totally normal thing. 
Talia paused. That was ambiguous but in a way, it was true. However, was all that exposed skin necessary? "Why are you wearing a towel?" 
Damon's hand fell on this waist. "Should I remove it?" 
"No! NO!", Talia screamed in panic and Damon burst into a hearty laugh. 
He loved her variety of expressions. He loved everything about Talia. 
Talia loved seeing him laugh like that, a carefree laugh. His features softened and he didn't appear scary. At that moment, he was Damon. Just Damon. 
"Aren't you going to freshen up before your doctor's appointment?", Damon asked. 
Talia wanted to say, yes, but he was standing at the door of the bathroom, and if she went now it would only bring her closer to that sinful devil who liked to tease her. 
She gathered her courage and responded with a question, "Aren't you going to leave?" 
Damon stalked to the bed and sat on the edge. 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath when his scent hit her, and she hoped that he didn't notice. 
"Unfortunately, I need to leave. There are no clothes for me in this closet.", Damon said while his eyes darted over Talia's face as he searched for signs of approval or discomfort at the idea of them sharing a closet, but there was nothing. 
"Breakfast is in half an hour, and after that, I will accompany you to see Travis." 
Talia blinked herself out of her Damon-induced daze. "Oh, no. Breakfast! I was supposed to help in the kitchen." 
Damon pushed a lock of Talia's hair behind her ear. "Don't worry about it. I told Stephanie that you had a rough night and will sleep in. She will expect you to help with lunch." 
"Thank you.", she really meant it. Not just for telling Stephanie about her absence related to breakfast preparations, but also about staying with her overnight. Talia doesn't remember if she ever slept that well. 
She understood that this Damon is playful and teasing, and he would never harm her. After all, if he wanted to do anything inappropriately, he had the whole night for it and she would be unable to fight him off, yet her clothes are still in place. 
A small voice inside Talia's head whispered that no matter what Damon's mood is (or which personality he switches into), he will never harm her. 
"I will see you at breakfast.", she said. 
She didn't want him to leave, but he was kind of naked, and she needed to get ready. 
Damon stood up with difficulty. 
He really wanted to get under that cover and snuggle with Talia. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon came to the dining room and found Caden and Maya there, with a cup of steaming coffee each. 
The table was set with serving plates filled with sausages, bacon, and scrambled eggs. 
Damon went to get himself a coffee first, he will eat when Talia comes, which should be soon. 
"Nice of you to join us.", Caden grumbled when Damon took a seat. 
Damon didn't understand Caden's attitude. Yes, he is usually the first one up and working, but he didn't want to cut short his morning with Talia. 
"Did I miss something important?" 
"Alpha Richard called, three times. He wants to talk to you in person and apologize for Cassie's behavior.", Caden said. 
Damon didn't want to talk to him. "Tell him that's not necessary. Apology accepted, but I won't change my mind about Cassie coming back here. Starting today, I want us to increase border patrols. Outsiders are not allowed to step into our core territory without approval from me or my Betas, and they are to report when they leave. If the number of requests is too much for the three of us to handle, we can authorize a few more people to deal with it." 
They discussed this previously, so Damon didn't want to go into details. 
"We will need to clarify who falls into the category of outsiders.", Maya said. 
"Whoever is not a pack member.", Damon said without missing a beat and added, "Send a memo to all packs, so that we avoid unnecessary misunderstandings. I want us to keep track of all outsiders in our territory. That shouldn't be hard to do." 
Caden and Maya agreed. That's not hard to do. And it's not unusual either. Many packs have rigorous checks about others who are staying with them, it's just that the Dark Howlers pack was rather lax in this aspect, until now. 
"Anything else?", Damon asked, and the way Caden and Maya exchanged glances, told Damon that he won't like whatever they were about to say. 
Caden responded, "Marcy wants to come." 
Damon's face darkened. "I thought I have at least a week until I need to deal with her again." 
"You are giving her a silent treatment and Alpha Edward is getting nervous.", Caden said. 
Damon couldn't believe this. "Silent treatment? It's been only a few days. If anyone is going back on the agreement that's them." 
Maya made a face. "They want to use our celebration of Summer Solstice as an excuse for Marcy to come." 
Damon rubbed his forehead forcibly. He didn't want to entertain Marcy and he definitely didn't want her to come for this event or any other. Damon imagined walking with Talia and showing her around, and if Marcy is here, none of that will happen. Damn it! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 66 - Shady Business Under The Table
Obviously, Damon didn't like the idea of Marcy visiting the Dark Howlers pack, and he also didn't like that his two Betas were talking about it like it's not a big deal. 
Sure, he didn't tell them that Talia is his mate, but they should at least be aware of the consequences if Marcy recognizes Talia as the girl from the attic. 
"If Marcy comes, what will happen to Talia?", Damon asked. 
Maya had a solution ready, "We can move her with Omegas, and tell her to stay low profile until Marcy leaves. Actually, Talia wants to move out of the packhouse, and this can be a good occasion to start the process…" 
Damon's ears were buzzing and he didn't hear the rest. 
Is Maya serious? How dares she think about separating him from Talia? 
But… can Talia stay in the packhouse with Marcy around? 
Only last night Damon told Talia that this is her home and that she won't need to hide, yet if Marcy comes, Damon will need to eat his words and suffer the consequences of breaking Talia's trust. Again. 
To make things worse, Marcy will stay in the packhouse and stick close to him and how is he supposed to explain that to Talia? 
Not acceptable. 
"No!", Damon snapped, making Maya stop talking in the middle of her sentence. "Talia is still recuperating, and she will NOT leave the packhouse. Marcy's presence will disturb us all. We need to find another way to deal with this." 
"What should I tell Alpha Edward?", Caden asked Damon. 
"Come up with a reason so that Marcy doesn't come.", Damon said. "Tell her I won't be here. I will be away on business, training, vacation, pick one or combine a few. It's not like this will be the first time for you to provide an excuse for me." 
Caden was not sure if Damon is joking. "Do you expect them to believe that you are not going to be here for one of the largest celebrations our pack is holding? We will have several other Alphas visiting and I'm confident that Alpha Edward knows about it." 
Yes, several delegations from other packs will come, but not all of them are Alphas. Some of them assumed the role of an Alpha recently, but most of them are heirs, sons of Alphas (and their mates), and they are all approximately Damon's age. They are coming with a goal to establish and maintain good relationships with Damon that will come in handy when they take over the leadership of their respective pack. 
Most of the Alphas take over the pack in their late twenties, but it's not uncommon for some to reach their thirties, and some do it as early as twenty years old. There is no rule other than for the previous Alpha to be ready to hand over his position, and that he believes his successor is ready for the role of an Alpha. 
At Caden's words, Damon made a face. He forgot that guests are coming, and he will need to attend meetings and entertain them, and he won't be able to spend much time with Talia, and… his face lit up when he got an idea. 
"That's it! Others will be visiting! Tell them that my schedule is full with official business, and I will have no time to entertain Marcy. Work comes first and I don't want her to come and be neglected." Damon paused and made a thoughtful face. "Yes. Spice it up with something like… When I'm with my future Luna, I want to give her my undivided attention. And make sure to add that our engagement is still not set, and I don't want my guests to get the wrong idea when they see Marcy here." 
Caden and Maya exchanged confused glances. 
"You must be kidding." It was Maya who spoke. "If we respond with this, it's the same as saying that you are backing off from the engagement." 
"You know that I have no intention of making Marcy my Luna." This was true, with or without Talia in the picture. 
"And you know that you can't back off from an engagement with a casual response from your Betas.", Maya responded with a frown. She hated this part where Damon would mess around with women, and Caden and she were left with damage control. 
Maya never approved of Damon's games where he would meet the bride, explore her thoroughly, and then reject her. But Damon and Caden were doing this from before Maya met Caden (and she became Beta), so she couldn't stop it. Besides, it was two against one, and Damon is the Alpha, so she had to obey and follow their lead. 
If it's up to Maya, Damon wouldn't meet any of those women, and if that causes a war… then, so be it. They will fight. 
Maya is a strong warrior and she prefers a straightforward approach compared to schemes, but since they are already neck-deep in this mess, she had to come up with a viable solution. 
"Our plan for rejecting Marcy is still not ready, so the safest thing is to let her come here for a few days. Talia will move..." 
Damon bolted to his feet and glared at Maya. "No!" 
Caden stood up, ready to defend Maya, and Maya stood up as well. 
"There is no use shouting at me.", Maya said irritably. Yes, Damon is her Alpha, but he is stubborn and not willing to admit that Talia is his mate. Actually, even if he admits that Talia is his mate, Maya's solution wouldn't change. They need to protect (aka to hide) Talia and to pacify Marcy. It's that simple. "We need a plan and unless you have something else that will work and not start a war, Marcy is coming." 
Damon was exasperated. He knew that Maya and Caden were right, but he was not willing. 
Is there really nothing they can do to prevent Marcy from coming? 
He felt like a cornered animal, with no way out, and he hated it. He is an Alpha, damn it! Why are others telling him what to do and with whom to do it? 
Damon hated that he was still tangled in the web that Alpha Edward set for him with Marcy in the middle. 
"Anything from our men in Europe?" 
Caden and Maya knew that Damon was asking if they managed to dig out any dirty secret from Marcy's past. 
"Nothing yet.", Caden responded. 
"Should I assume that we will not find anything? Is she good in not leaving traces, or is she clean?", Damon asked stiffly. 
They spoke about this several times already. Everyone has something to hide. It can be evidence that Marcy was fooling around with men, or it could be just a party where she drank and danced, and the rest will be photoshopped. 
They already have a video of Marcy naked with Damon, but they need her acting lewdly with someone else as well. As long as they can portray Marcy as a loose woman, Damon can use the old belief how a good Luna should be pure before meeting her Alpha and discredit her as such. 
It wouldn't be the first time. 
Those old geezers lose their fire when Damon asks them how would they feel if their mate was sampled with an array of other men before she became their Luna. That argument works wonders. 
Caden wanted to placate Damon. "Let's not give up. It's been only a few days since we sent them to search…" 
"How long does it take?", Damon's voice was rising. 
"They are trying!", Caden was the one who lost it now. Why is Damon acting like this is his fault? 
"Make them try harder!" 
Both Caden and Damon froze when they saw Talia standing at the door warily. 
Damon wondered how much she heard. Did she hear that they are digging dirt on Marcy? Or that Maya wants to send her away? What if Talia agrees to leave? 
"Good morning, Talia!", Maya wished cheerfully. 
"Good morning", Talia responded. 
Talia's eyes were darting from Damon to Caden to Maya, and back to Damon again. All three of them were standing and Talia was not sure if she should come in or not. 
Damon told her to come down for breakfast, but then she heard them arguing and she wished to go back to her room. 
She can skip food. It's not a big deal. 
But her legs moved on their own and brought her to the door and this awkward situation. 
Damon cleared his throat and spoke calmly to Caden, "Tell them to hurry. We will continue this conversation later." He turned to Talia. "Nice of you to join us, come here." He gestured to the chair on his left. "What will you drink? Orange juice, milk, tea, coffee…" 
Talia approached the table gingerly. "Orange juice." 
Damon pulled a chair for Talia and she watched as Damon poured her a glass of juice. 
Talia was not sure how they can all resume eating as if nothing happened. She didn't understand what the shouting was about, it seemed random, but she clearly heard that the seemingly calm conversation exploded into a heated argument. Or is that a normal occurrence? 
Her desire to leave the packhouse swelled. This place is too stressful. 
By the time Talia snapped to her senses, the plate in front of her was heaping with food. 
"That's plenty", Talia told Damon who was ready to put another sausage on her plate. 
"You didn't say, 'enough', so I assumed you want more.", Damon responded casually and then he started piling food into his plate. 
"How was your night, Talia? Are you feeling better?", Maya asked. 
"It was good, and yes, I'm better. Thank you.", Talia responded while wondering if Caden and Maya are aware that Damon spent the night in her bed. She tried not to think about it. 
Talia looked helplessly at the small mountain of food in front of her, and she poked a piece of scrambled eggs. 
The fork nearly reached her mouth when Talia jolted. 
She glanced under the table and saw Damon's hand on her knee, palm up, and his fingers were wiggling. 
Talia knew what that means, but she couldn't believe it. 
She leaned closer to Damon, over the table, and asked in a whisper, "Now?" 
"No questions asked, remember?", Damon responded without removing his gaze from his plate. 
She was not sure if she should laugh or cry, but she knew that Alpha Damon is not the one to give up easily and she didn't want to cause a scene. 
Talia glanced nervously at Maya and Caden who were busy with their food. Good. It seems they didn't notice. 
She jolted again when Damon squeezed her knee, silently telling her that he is still waiting. 
Talia shifted the fork in her left hand and her right hand went under the table. 
The moment her palm landed in Damon's, their fingers interlaced, and Talia's heart skipped a beat. 
She couldn't help but steal glances at Damon who was eating with one hand, and if not for a small smile at the corner of his lips, she would assume that she was holding someone else's hand. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 67 - Permission To Learn
Damon worked on his breakfast while focusing on his hand under the table that held Talia's. 
Talia's warmth and delicious sparks calmed his restless mind and heart, and there was some mischief because of the discomfort Talia was trying to hide whenever his thumb moved gently over her knuckles. 
Damon was upset at the thought of Marcy wanting to come, and he needed Talia's touch to comfort him. 
Unfortunately, just hand-holding under the table was not enough. 
Damon really wanted to hug Talia, and much more, but he knew that this is as far as he can go in the current setting, and it needs to be enough. For now. 
"Talia", Maya called, and Talia's head snapped at her. 
Talia's heart raced, does Maya know what's going on under the table? Will Maya and Caden tease her if they know that Damon is holding her hand during breakfast? 
"Do you have plans for today?", Maya asked. 
Talia released the breath she was holding. "I have an appointment with Doctor Travis in the morning, and then I will help in the kitchen." 
"How about the afternoon?", Maya continued probing and Talia instinctively glanced at Damon. 
Damon liked this, it showed that Talia is depending on him. 
"Talia wants to train, so she probably hopes to start as soon as possible. But she is not allowed to move a muscle until Travis says that she is fine.", Damon responded. 
Maya nodded in understanding. "A walk is fine, right? After lunch, I can show you around. You can see the training facilities, and if Travis gives his OK, we can get you sweaty." 
Talia's eyes widened and she smiled. "That would be wonderful." 
Damon didn't like this. Talia, outside, sweating? Without him? "Where are you taking her?" 
Maya bobbed her head. "Just around the area. We will start with a walk to the lake and see community buildings on the way, and take it from there." Maya continued talking to Talia, "The town is especially lively with all the preparations going on. We can stop whenever you feel tired. There is a lot to see and one afternoon won't be enough. We are the biggest pack in North America, after all. It might take a few days, but I will show you everything we have here." 
"Thank you.", Talia said and without thinking, she gave Damon's hand a squeeze under the table. She was excited. 
Damon wanted to protest because the idea of Talia not being in his visible range was unsettling, but she was happy, and he didn't want to spoil it, so he swallowed his ions with the piece of sausage that was in his mouth. 
He knew that he has a mountain of work waiting for him and it wouldn't be fair to keep Talia in her room until he is available to show her around. 
Damon was determined to spend time with Talia as soon as he clears up the backlog that's waiting on his desk. But… where will he take Talia? Forest? Picnic? Romantic dinner? Beach? There are so many options! 
However, if he could have his way, they wouldn't leave the room. Just he and Talia, that's enough, and any room is fine. 
… 
Ignoring Caden's complaints, Damon accompanied Talia for her appointment with Travis. 
Talia was not sure why Caden was in a bad mood because all bickering between Damon and Caden happened through the mind-link and she would probably resume her thoughts about leaving if she knew that Marcy plans to come in a few days. 
"Thank you for coming with me. I'm sure you have a lot of work, yet you still took the time for this.", Talia said to Damon while they made their way through the forest. 
"You are welcome. It's my pleasure.", Damon responded and gave Talia's hand a squeeze. 
Yes, going in a car will take only five minutes, but he wanted to walk with Talia. It takes longer and he gets to enjoy holding her hand and chatting casually. 
Damon noticed that Talia is relaxed when they are outside, just the two of them. He liked that. 
In the pack hospital... 
With Jill and Cathy, the exam didn't take long and in less than an hour, Talia and Damon sat in Travis's office to hear the results and recommendations for going forward. 
"You have several markers that are just below or above normal, but it's nothing too concerning, and I can see slight improvements compared to your previous checkup. Continue regular meals and vitamins and I will see you in a week.", Travis said. "If you feel anything out of the ordinary, give me a call and we will get you an appointment. In the meantime, I recommend adding fennel, ginger, and cayenne pepper into your food, based on your taste. They will help with appetite and digestion." 
"I didn't know that.", Talia said. 
Travis noticed that Talia's tone had a hint of surprise, and asked, "Do you know about the medicinal effects of herbs?" 
"A little bit.", Talia responded humbly. "I know how to take care of simple wounds." 
"Simple wounds? Tell me more…", Travis asked, unable to contain his curiosity. 
In general, werewolves are divided into ones who follow a traditional lifestyle, and the ones who are modernized. The traditional ones will go to their shaman when they are ill, and they use herbs, crystals, and prayers to feel better, while modern ones rely on technology and the latest advances in medicine. 
Talia obviously believes in modern medicine, yet she is familiar with herbs, so Travis was eager to probe how deep are her knowledge and interest. 
Talia told him about a few herbs that she mixes to treat open wounds and the ones that are good for reducing swelling and fever. 
"Do you want to learn more?", Travis asked. "There are books I can recommend." 
"Yes, please!" 
Travis stood up and walked to the wall shelf where a number of books were arranged. He pulled one thick book with dark blue covers. Based on the worn-out look, it was obvious that the book was used a lot. 
"Start with this one.", Travis said when he gave the book to Talia. "I don't have many here, but I can always accompany you to the library and help you pick. As you read through it, take notes of your questions and if I don't know answers, I can help you find them." 
Talia's eyes sparkled. With his readiness to help and teach her, Travis definitely reminded her of Olivia. 
Talia realized that this is one step closer to learning medicine and maybe even working in the pack hospital (if she stays in the pack). This also gave her a reason to reach out to Travis and learn from him, and once they get close enough and she gets the right opportunity, Talia will ask him about working in the hospital. 
"Unless you have more questions for me, we are done for today.", Travis said while his eyes darted from Damon to Talia. 
"One question…", Talia started and nervously glanced at Damon. "Am I well enough to start training?" 
'I don't want her to get hurt', Damon said to Travis through the mind-link. 
So far, Damon was quietly observing the exam, and this was the first time he spoke, so Travis understood that this was important. 
Travis let out a long exhale. He didn't want to offend his Alpha, but he already said to Talia that she doesn't have anything serious. 
He decided on something in-between. 
"There is nothing wrong with you, Talia, however, your stamina and muscle mass are below average. I want you to take it easy.", Travis said. "I recommend that you take walks and gradually increase duration, distance, and difficulty. While doing that, listen to your body. If you feel a strain, pain, or you run out of breath, take a break. OK?" 
"So, I can't train?", Talia asked dejectedly. 
"I didn't say that.", Travis quickly said. "If you want to lift weights, take the lightest ones and work your way up. If it's running, start with a brisk walk and gradually increase your pace. But no matter what it is, if you feel discomfort, stop. Moderation is the key, and until you gain weight, I fear that if you overdo physical activity, you might faint or worse. Until you figure out your limits, don't do things on your own without supervision." 
Travis glanced at Damon, and he relaxed when he saw Damon nodding in approval. 
On their way back to the packhouse, Talia noticed that Damon's mood was a bit off. 
"Is something bothering you?", she asked, assuming that it's workload and that he will tell her that it's nothing. 
"Yes.", Damon said flatly. "I want you to take it easy and you got yourself not only into training but also into learning about medicine." Damon gestured toward the thick blue blook that Talia carried in her hand. 
Talia was not sure why that would bother Damon. It's not like she did anything other than ask questions and borrow a book. "I promise to start training slowly, and reading a book is not much effort. I will do it in my free time." 
"If you are reading, then it's not free time." 
"Is there a problem if I learn things?" 
"No, no.", Damon backtracked quickly. "It's just that…" He stopped walking and she had to stop as well because they were holding hands. Damon stepped closer to Talia, and she looked up at him. 
"I am worried about you, and I would prefer that you consult me before you take on more responsibilities." 
Talia blinked. Is he really worried about her? That would be first. No one ever worried about her. 
"I apologize.", she said. "I didn't mean to worry you. Is there something I can do to make it up to you?" 
Damon's lips lifted into a smile and Talia's eyes moved nervously over his handsome face while trying to figure out what he was up to. 
Was he going to ask her not to train? Or not to read the book? Ah! What if he asks her to stop helping in the kitchen? 
Talia was oblivious to the fact that during breakfast, Damon narrowed down the list of places where he wanted to take Talia, and this was the perfect excuse for him to pick one and go for it. 
Damon lifted her hand and placed a small kiss on her knuckles without breaking eye contact, and he enjoyed the sight of blush that invaded her cheeks. 
"Come with me tomorrow.", Damon said, and she felt his breath splashing against the spot he kissed a second ago. 
"Where?" Her voice came a bit breathy. 
"You will find out tomorrow.", Damon responded mysteriously. 
"Alright.", Talia agreed reluctantly. 
Damon hummed in approval and resumed walking toward the packhouse. 
He gave Talia's hand a squeeze, content that she got used to holding hands. He wondered when the right time will be to move on to the next step. A hug, a kiss, a… ah! He can't wait! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 68 - Sandwiches For Lunch
Talia's excitement related to preparing lunch dwindled when Stephanie told her that they are just making sandwiches. 
Talia didn't mind washing lettuce leaves and cutting tomatoes thinly, but she was hoping to learn cooking techniques, and toasting bread didn't require any mastery. 
"Did you expect something more elaborate?", Stephanie asked. 
"Yes.", Talia admitted. "It is lunch, after all." 
In the Red Moon pack, every meal was like a feast for Alpha Edward, Beta Raymond, and their family members. 
"We don't put a lot of importance on meal ceremonies unless there are guests in the packhouse.", Stephanie said. "Normally, I prepare breakfast and eat in the kitchen. I don't like to join them in the dining room because those three kids discuss their plans for the day, and it can get noisy." 
Talia agreed with this. She heard Damon, Maya, and Caden shouting that morning. Definitely noisy. 
"Lunch is something easy to eat since everyone is busy and no one takes elaborate lunch breaks. Dinner is more formal because Alpha and Betas usually have free time, and it is time to unwind, so I try to make something special and I join them." 
Talia liked this casual atmosphere. It sounded like everyone is part of the family and pulling their own weight. 
It was definitely different from what she saw in the Red Moon pack. 
Talia was curious about one thing, "Are you the only one preparing meals?" 
Considering that the Dark Howlers pack is the largest pack in North America with thousands of members, she imagined numerous Omegas maintaining this massive packhouse and serving the Alpha and other ranked members of the pack. 
Stephanie smiled at Talia. "You are helping me, right?" 
"Yeah, but. Don't you have Omegas to help?" 
Stephanie shrugged. "It's not a lot of work to make a meal for a few people. I don't mind cooking and it keeps me busy. More hands in the kitchen could be useful, but it would also make it crowded." 
"Am I making it crowded?" 
"I enjoy your company. You remind me of my daughter. This is also something to keep you occupied until you get used to the pack and figure out what you want to do." Before Talia could respond, Stephanie asked, "Do you have plans for the afternoon?" 
Talia confirmed. "Maya will show me around." 
Stephanie pursed her lips. "That might need to wait. A pipe burst in one of the community buildings and they have water damage. Caden is dealing with what needs to be fixed, and Maya is resettling Omegas who are impacted." 
"Oh…", a disappointed sound left Talia's lips. She was really looking forward to spending time with Maya. 
"I'm sorry.", Stephanie said. "I would give you company, but I need to deliver lunches, and then I'm busy with personal matters until dinnertime. I will tell Maya to find you as soon as she can." 
"No, no.", Talia quickly said. "Maya has important things to do and walking around with me is not a big deal. We can do that any other day. Doctor Travis gave me a book to read, and I will do that. I just wish that I can be of more help. I feel that I'm getting food and a place to stay and I'm not doing much." 
Stephanie got an idea. "You can help me with delivering lunches. Since you are not familiar with the area, you can't take food to Caden and Maya who are out, but you can take it to Alpha Damon. He is in his study…" 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Come in!", Damon called when he heard a knock on the door. 
The moment the door opened, Damon picked up the scent of pepperonis and Canadian bacon, and he knew it's food. 
"Put it on my desk, Steph", Damon said without lifting his head from the documents. 
He didn't hear steps approaching him, and he was surprised to hear a light clink of a plate on his desk. 
Damon looked up and he didn't expect to see the girl in front of him. "Talia?" 
"Sorry to disturb you", she said while taking a step back. "I only brought you lunch. Please continue." 
His eyes landed on Talia's hand which held a sandwich wrapped in a napkin. 
"Wait!", he called. 
Since they returned from the pack hospital, Damon was busy with documents while trying to finish his work as soon as possible so that he can follow Talia and Maya during their tour, and now that Talia was in front of him, how can he let her go? 
"Did you have your lunch?", Damon asked, even though he knew the answer. 
"Not yet. I will eat in my room.", Talia responded while showing him her sandwich. 
"How about you join me?" 
She was about to say that her plan was to eat while reading the book that Travis gave her, but then she realized that rejecting a meal with Damon for the reason of reading a book might get her into trouble. 
"Aren't you busy?", she responded with a question. 
"I can't work and eat. I would love your company.", Damon said honestly and gestured toward the sofa on the other side of his study. 
Talia gave him a tight smile and made her way to the sofa while resigning herself to having her sandwich in Damon's study. 
'It's not a big deal', she told herself. 'I will eat the sandwich quickly and leave.' That will still give her a few hours to read the book before she needs to help Stephanie with dinner. 
"What will you drink?", Damon asked while reaching for bottles in the mini-fridge. 
"Anything is fine." 
Damon got two sodas. 
Talia observed the room. One wall was covered with built-in shelves that had numerous books, two windows allowed ample light, and there was one big portrait on the wall behind the executive desk where Damon was sitting previously. 
Between the windows were filing cabinets, and above them was a big map with a shaded area that Talia guessed is the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. There was also a fireplace with several photos on the mantle, but they were too far away for Talia to see what's on them. 
Talia observed the big portrait that had a man and a woman on it, and Talia saw traces of Damon in both of them. The man was tall and imposing with dark brown hair and icy-blue eyes, standing with his arm around the waist of a woman with long raven-black hair and a set of warm chocolate-colored eyes. 
"My parents.", Damon said briefly while putting one soda in front of Talia. 
Talia only nodded in acknowledgment. She didn't know what would be appropriate to say, considering that she heard stories about how they were a lovely family and they perished too soon, leaving Damon behind. 
Damon was bossy and overbearing, with an unstable personality, but Talia felt sorry for him. It was undeniable that Damon carried a lot of weight on his shoulders, and he lost the protection of two exceptional people who loved him. She was confident that it was hard on him. 
Talia lowered her gaze from the portrait and saw several stacks of documents on the desk and some scattered papers around the computer. 
Talia let out a long breath. "I feel guilty." 
Damon didn't get it. "About?" 
"You have so much work, yet you accompanied me to my appointment. Next time, I will go on my own." 
Damon had no intention of letting Talia go on her own. He wanted her in visual range, preferably in touching distance and he realized that Talia feels indebted to him. Should he take advantage of that? 
Talia took a bite of her sandwich, thinking that Damon will say it's not a big deal and she shouldn't worry about it; that would be a normal response, but Damon was anything other than normal and he had his own agenda. 
"Yes. I neglected my work because of you. How will you make it up to me?" 
Talia's chewing paused and she stared at him in disbelief. 
"What's with that reaction?", Damon asked teasingly. "I didn't ask you to repay me with your body." 
Talia's face exploded in blush. Damon was too much! 
She collected herself before asking, "How can I make it up to you?" 
Damon shrugged. "You can help me with my work." 
"I have no idea what to do.", she said honestly. 
Damon didn't think it's a big deal. "I will show you. What do you say?" 
'Do I have a choice?' Talia's lips twitched. "Sure. As long as you tell me what to do, I will do my best to help you." 
Damon hummed in agreement and glanced down at the space between them. 
Talia followed his gaze and her eyes widened when she saw his hand resting on the sofa, palm up, and his fingers were wiggling. 
This time, she didn't ask anything. It was just the two of them, and this confirmed that she was having a sandwich with the clingy Alpha Damon. 
Talia placed her hand in Damon's, her fingers slipped between his, and even though no one could see them, she felt jittery in her stomach. 
Why did the atmosphere suddenly become intimate? Or was that only in her head? 
Talia wished that Caden and Maya are in the room. Someone, anyone would do. 
Damon observed as Talia's blush increased and he wondered what's on her mind. He thought that she was adorable. 
They ate in silence and after cleaning their hands (the ones that were holding sandwiches), Damon got a box that was resting on top of the filing cabinets and placed it on the coffee table. 
"Sort this mail into official correspondence and spam. From the official pile, separate the ones that are from Alphas. If you are not sure, ask me, and if you can organize them into different categories based on topics, that will help me a lot." 
Talia looked at the envelopes. There were at least one hundred envelopes. When was the last time he checked his mail? 
"How will I know what's official and what's not?", she asked. 
"Open it and check." 
Talia paused. "Aren't some of these confidential?" She was certain that there are things only Alphas should know. 
Damon smiled a little. "I trust you." 
Talia stared at Damon who was back at his desk, looking at the documents, and a warm and fuzzy feeling spread in her chest. 
People called her names, some ignored her, some bullied her, a few were nice to her, but this was the first time that someone said she is trustworthy. 
It was a big deal. 
It made her feel important. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 69 - Delaying The Inevitable
Later that evening… 
Damon was sitting in his office with a glass of whiskey in his hand and thinking about the talk he had with Caden and Maya after dinner. 
They discussed the upcoming festival and the issue of Marcy. 
The preparations for the festival were on schedule and increased security was already in effect, so they focused on discussing Marcy. 
They decided to work on delaying her visit. 
It was Maya's plan. 
"Instead of telling her not to come, we will tell her WHEN to come." 
Damon didn't like it, but he gestured to Maya to keep on talking. 
"Two weeks.", Maya said. "We will tell Marcy that your schedule is packed and that you can't entertain her now, but in two weeks she can come, and you will make it up to her." 
"You think Marcy and Alpha Edward will accept this two-week delay?", Damon asked. 
"No.", Maya said bluntly before elaborating, "This is not about getting two weeks, but about negotiating. I expect that they will ask for Marcy to come sooner. I believe that we can settle for somewhere between one week and ten days. I will tell them that we will move your schedule around and you will work overtime so that you can see Marcy sooner. That will soothe their bruised ego while keeping their belief alive that you are interested in making her your Luna, and we will get an extension to find something tangible to discredit Marcy." 
It sounded OK as a short-term solution, but Damon had a bad feeling about this overall. 
If Marcy was a careless party girl, they would find things right away. 
Caden summarized to Damon that they already checked schools Marcy attended and dorms where she stayed, forums, media, her personal pages, news involving her classmates and roommates… there was nothing. 
Every day passing without finding evidence of Marcy's wanton behavior, confirms that whoever was with her when she acted in a non-ladylike manner, knows that it should be kept lowkey. Caden said that their people are trying to find people who are willing to talk, but the problem is that if they are not careful, they can actually tip off Marcy that they are digging her dirt. 
But no matter how bad it sounded, with no better plan, Damon agreed. 
"Alright. I will let you handle that. Let me know if you encounter problems, otherwise, I will expect that we have at least a week before we need to revisit this topic." 
Maya and Caden confirmed and left Damon's study. 
Damon really didn't want to waste any time thinking about Marcy. For Damon, Marcy became insignificant the moment they left the Red Moon pack with Talia in the trunk of their car. 
Damon also needed to figure out what to do with Talia during the Summer Solstice festival while he entertains guests that are coming from other packs. 
Damon has one meeting with them in the afternoon, and they will stay in the guest bedrooms of the packhouse. That will change the dynamics they currently have, and Damon was not sure how many will stay overnight. 
He never liked entertaining guests, and now that Talia is here, he really wanted to cancel everything. 
Damon knows people who will come, and they are not enemies, but they are not friends either, so he is not comfortable letting them know that Talia is important. 
The best thing would be to spend that day away from Talia, or even better… away WITH Talia. But how can he do that? He is the Alpha and can't disappear. 
Should he let Talia go to the festival with Maya or with someone else, outside of his sight? Or should he lock her up in her room? 
Damon didn't like any of this, and if he could have one wish, he would wish that he is not Alpha, at least for that one day. Then he would spend it with Talia and no one would care. 
There was one more thing related to Talia that distracted him. Shortly before dinner, Travis contacted him through the mind-link. 
'Alpha, is this a good time?' 
'What is it?', Damon responded. 
'It's about Talia and awakening her wolf.' 
Damon was alarmed. 'Get to the point.' 
'We spoke about food and mental state, but we didn't discuss the spiritual.' 
Damon didn't get it. Does Talia need to pray or take a bath in holy water? 'Go on.' 
'It is known that we recuperate faster from illness and injuries when our mate is nearby.' 
Damon perked up. 'Are you saying that if she is with her mate, the probability of her wolf awakening will increase?' 
'It's just a guess, but it's worth trying. That's if we can find out who her mate is. Considering that her wolf is weak to the point of her being unable to shift, she probably can't find her mate, but he should be able to identify her.' 
Damon nodded at these words. Travis is smart. Damon's mood dropped drastically when he heard Travis's next words. 
'If we expose Talia to unmated males and let her interact with them, the closer the better…' 
'ENOUGH!', Damon roared into the mind-link. What was that nonsense about exposing Talia to unmated males? What if some of them make a move on her? What if she ends up liking someone? Damon was back to thinking about locking Talia in her room. 
'Alpha?', Travis asked weakly while wondering what did he do. 
Damon took a few breaths before responding, 'Good work, Travis. Let me know if you come up with some other ideas.' He cut off the mind-link before Travis could respond. 
Part of Damon approved the news Travis gave him because now he had a medical reason to stick close to Talia. The only problem was how to make it look natural and not spook her. 
Back to the present… 
Damon downed the amber liquid from his glass and remembered Talia's focused expression while she sorted the mail that afternoon. 
Was that job essential? Absolutely not. 
If there is anything important, Damon gets it in email while urgent matters are discussed over the phone, and only copies are sent through regular mail. But he wanted to keep Talia with him. 
When Talia finished sorting that mail, Damon asked her to get them some snacks from the kitchen. 
Talia returned with apples, grapes, and pineapples, and Damon asked her to feed him, with an excuse that his hands were busy. 
He truly enjoyed the feeding service Talia provided. 
After that, Damon gave Talia a task to place documents he previously signed in corresponding filing cabinets. That would be Maya's or Caden's job, in the evening, but Talia did it perfectly. 
It was mid-afternoon when Maya peeked into Damon's office and when she saw that Talia was busy, they agreed to do their walk the next day. 
According to Damon, everything played out perfectly. He finished his work and got to enjoy Talia's presence. Just knowing that she was there put his mind at ease, and he was able to focus on things that needed to be done. 
… 
Talia put on the oversized tank top (aka the sleepwear) and looked at her image in the mirror above the sink of her bathroom. 
She thought how another day passed in the Dark Howlers pack and she didn't decide if she will stay or leave, and other than helping with dinner preparation, she didn't make much progress toward learning something useful that will lead toward her independence. 
OK. The appointment with Doctor Travis was good because she got the book, but she didn't get a chance to read it. 
She spent the afternoon in Damon's study, and overall, she didn't hate it. 
Talia was uncomfortable at first. Who eats sandwiches while holding hands? 
But after that, Damon gave her work to do, and he said that he trusts her. 
From the mail she went through, Talia got a glimpse into the Dark Howlers pack and Alpha Damon. 
There were reports on movements of the rogues, and she found out that Alpha Damon is collaborating with several other packs on not only handling rogues, but also on resettling refugees and finding them jobs. Damon also donates to an orphanage in the Blue River pack and is the main contact for a coven of witches who are responsible for creating a memory potion that will erase memories from humans who saw werewolves. 
She also saw several letters in which members of other packs confirmed their attendance at the Summer Solstice festival. Some guests are high-ranking members of other packs, and there were several teams who are coming to compete in various sports. 
Talia thought that the festival is only for the Dark Howlers pack, but now that she confirmed how people from other packs will come as well, she realized that it will be on a much bigger scale and her heart fluttered from excitement. She couldn't believe that she will get to attend such a festival. It will be her first. 
Other than asking Talia to feed him, Alpha Damon didn't tease her and he was dedicated to his work. 
He went through numerous documents on paper and his computer, and other than a few brief phone calls, he worked in silence. 
This was another side of Alpha Damon that Talia got to see. 
He was serious and focused, and he projected the aura of a reliable and knowledgeable Alpha, someone worthy of leading the largest pack in North America. Her opinion of him rose by a few notches. 
Talia was surprised when Damon said, "When you finish sorting those from your hands, you can go to the kitchen. Steph is looking for you." 
"Is it already time for dinner?" 
She didn't realize how quickly the time passed. 
That afternoon was an eye-opener for Talia. She thought that being an Alpha means bossing around between attending (or hosting) parties, but now she saw that there is a lot of work in order to lead a pack. Fascinating. 
Talia helped Stephanie and she wanted to clean up after dinner, but Stephanie said that there is no need because post-dinner cleanup is done by a few Omegas, so Talia went to the garden for some fresh air, and then she went to her room to call it a day, with an intention to freshen up and read the book Doctor Travis gave her until she gets sleepy. 
And here is Talia, ready to get sleepy with a book. 
Talia exited the bathroom and paused at the sight of Alpha Damon who was on her bed, with his back resting on the headboard, fiddling with his phone. 
His hair was damp and slightly messy, a giveaway that he showered, and his light gray t-shirt and dark gray sweatpants didn't hide his impressive physique. 
It was a mesmerizing sight, but after a few seconds, Talia pulled herself from her daze and wondered, why is Alpha Damon in her bed again? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 70 - Different Sleeping Arrangements
Damon turned to look at Talia who was standing at the door of the bathroom, and his eyebrows rose in approval. 
That oversized tank top covered Talia's private parts, but it was also low on the chest, giving him a glimpse of Talia's cleavage... high on the thighs, exposing her legs, and loose around arms… Damon swallowed hard as the image of Talia's side-boob flashed in his mind. Yup, he remembered that. 
He really wanted to suck her there. Everywhere. 
Talia squirmed under Damon's gaze. Why did he look at her like she was naked? 
Talia was about to tug the tank top and cover her legs more, but she held that urge back due to fear of how that will lower the opening at her neck and expose her girls, so she just pressed her legs together and folded her arms over her stomach in a feeble attempt to protect herself from Damon's x-ray vision. 
"Can I help you?", Talia asked. 
Damon tilted his head and smiled a little. "There is no need to be so cautious, wife. Do you remember me treating your injuries in the hotel room? I've seen and touched almost everywhere." Emphasis on 'almost'. 
Talia exhaled helplessly. The playful Damon is here. 
She decided to get to the point because asking in a roundabout way will only give him more material to tease her. "Why are you here?" 
"I'm here to sleep.", Damon said like it's a totally normal thing. "I was waiting for you to finish your evening routine, my dear wife." 
He patted the bed next to him, obviously telling her to join him. 
Talia was not willing. 
Last night was one thing, but now she was not properly dressed and there was no need for comforting. 
She didn't want to get used to sleeping with Damon because someone will see them, and the rumors will spread. Talia could imagine numerous she-wolves exploding in jealousy, and when the blood gets spilled, Talia was confident that will be her blood. 
Talia straightened her back and stood her ground. "That's my bed. You can't come here every night to sleep. It's not proper." 
Damon's brows furrowed a bit and he scooted off the bed. "You are right." 
Talia pinched her arm to confirm that she was not dreaming. Did it work? It was that easy? He is leaving? 
Her excitement deflated when she saw Damon stalking toward her. 
Damon stood half a step from Talia, and his piercing icy-blue eyes didn't allow her to look away. 
She realized that she was in trouble. What kind of trouble? Talia was not sure, but there was a storm brewing in Damon and Talia felt the urgency to fix the situation. 
"I apologize, I didn't mean to disrespect you.", she quickly said. 
"No, no. There was no disrespect. Your argument is reasonable." 
"It is?", Talia asked reluctantly. 
"It is.", Damon confirmed. "It's not proper for me to come here every night and sleep in your bed." 
Talia was aware that he only repeated her words, but why did it sound like they had a different meaning? 
Talia didn't have time to react when Damon scooped her into his arms. 
By the time she came around, Damon was walking out of her room and into his. 
"What are you doing?", Talia squeaked when Damon lowered her into his bed. 
"Since you don't approve of us sleeping in your bed, we will sleep in mine.", Damon said with all the seriousness in the world. 
He moved swiftly and she had no chance of escaping his embrace or the comforter that covered them. 
Talia felt like crying. This is NOT what she meant! How did things end up this way? 
Talia realized that she was wrong. This was not playful Damon, this was the bossy one, and the bossy Alpha wanted to cuddle. 
Talia took slow breaths to calm her raging emotions, but the silky bedsheets and Damon's scent made her flustered. The fact that she was scarcely dressed only made things worse. 
But Damon didn't move, and she reluctantly looked up at him. 
Talia was surprised to see that his eyes were closed, and his breathing was slow and even. 
It took her a minute to pick up a scent of alcohol. 
'Is he sleeping?', Talia wondered. 'Is he drunk?' 
She waited for some time in silence, before calling in a whisper, "Damon… Damon?" 
There was no response. 
She reached to touch his hair. It was softer than she imagined it to be and other than a small twitch when a strand of hair fell on his forehead, Damon didn't react. 
Talia moved a bit to check if she can escape his hold. 
Just as she feared, it was hopeless. They were both sideways, facing each other. Damon's arms were around her, and his right leg was over her as well. She was trapped. 
She closed her eyes and resigned herself to her fate. It seems that she will sleep with Alpha Damon again, but this time in his room. 
It's not that she hated it, but she regretted that she won't be able to read the book that Doctor Travis gave her. 
On the bright side, Alpha Damon was like a nice-smelling heater, firm, and solid, and his proximity made her feel safe. 
She chanted internally how she shouldn't get used to this because Alpha Damon's mood is unstable. 
With those thoughts, Talia shifted how much she could, to get more comfortable. 
Talia slowly pushed her hand between his arm and his torso until her fingers reached his back. 
Once she settled her head on his arm and his breath fanned the top of her head, Talia realized that their position was way too intimate for two people who are not in a romantic relationship, but she was aware that someone unpredictable like Alpha Damon probably has his own definition of what's normal. 
She told herself not to overthink it. It's just sleeping next to each other and nothing more. 
After all, considering what princess Marcy did with Damon and he just left like it's nothing, Talia could assume that this sleeping position for him is a regular occurrence, like a handshake. 
Maybe Damon is one of those people who can't sleep alone and now that Cassie is gone, he needs someone to hold until his next bedmate comes, and Talia is right there so… is she his bedmate? 
No. No. This doesn't mean anything, and she shouldn't get attached to this soothing warmth because soon another she-wolf will come, and Talia will go back to her room, or maybe she can use that opportunity to move out of the packhouse. 
In a way, it made sense. 
Cassie left on the previous night, and that's when Alpha Damon came to Talia's room. 
Talia's heart cracked a bit at the thought that she is Damon's bolster pillow in the absence of women that interest him and she blamed herself for dejection that swelled in her because she allowed herself to get attached. Damon was an important existence in her life, yet for him, she was easily replaceable. 
She confirmed that many women want to be with Damon, and Talia was painfully aware that she doesn't qualify. 
After all, she was barely dressed, their bodies stuck close to each other, yet he didn't try to touch her inappropriately. If he was interested in her, he would definitely try something. Alpha Damon is many things, but inexperienced and shy are not on that list. 
Talia let out a long breath. Does she want him to do more than just holding her? If he makes a move, how would she react? Talia was not sure about that. 
Talia suppressed any bold thoughts that formed, just like any other time when Damon was kind to her because it will only lead to heartbreak. 
Talia smiled sadly at the thought of Alpha Damon breaking her heart and he wouldn't even know about it. But even if he did, would he care? Probably not. 
Right now, she is like a pet project for him, and she shouldn't delude herself that it's anything more than that because soon he will find something (or someone) else to occupy him. 
For tonight, Talia decided to enjoy the comfort that comes with Damon's embrace. Who knows? Maybe this is her last chance to experience a man holding her. After all, there are no guarantees that she will ever find a man who will fall in love with her. 
Talia buried her face in Damon's chest, allowing his scent of forest and dark chocolate to fill her up. Talia had no idea at what point it became her favorite scent, probably from before she met Alpha Damon because she always loved the forest and dark chocolate; those are scents Talia associates with freedom and forbidden delicacy, and Damon's scent combined those two perfectly. 
Within a minute, all her anxiety dissolved into nothing, and she savored his warmth, firm hold, and there was the sound of his heartbeat and his chest moving as he breathed… and Talia drifted off to sleep. 
Unaware of Talia's internal conflict, Damon counted Talia's slow breaths and waited for her to fall asleep. 
He was pleased when her arm snaked under his, to hold him. That was progress. 
It was torturous for Damon to be a gentleman with Talia so close and scarcely dressed, but he forced his hands to stay in place and not wander to explore her body. 
Damon was confident that with a few kisses and caresses, Talia would become putty in his hands, but he didn't want that. If he acted like that, there was a risk for Talia to think that he treats her like one of the numerous hookups from his past and she is anything other than that. 
Damon didn't want one night with Talia; he wanted a lifetime of her proximity. He wanted to enjoy the sound of her voice, and her intoxicating scent, and he could spend an eternity staring into her beautiful, honeyed eyes that hide a million secrets he is yet to unfold. 
Damon confirmed that Talia is intelligent, kind, sharp, adorably na?ve, and his to hold and protect. Only his. 
He remembered Travis's words about increasing chances of awakening Talia's wolf if Talia's mate is with her, the closer the better. 
Is this helping her wolf heal? What will happen if her wolf awakens, and Talia finds out that Damon is her mate? He had no way of predicting what her reaction will be, but he was certain that Talia will feel the pull and she won't think about leaving his side… and that should be enough. 
When he confirmed that Talia was sleeping, Damon lowered his head and pressed a soft kiss on her forehead. 
Damon's body was ablaze as delightful sparks ignited all his nerve endings, and at the same time, his heart was at peace, knowing that Talia was not going anywhere. For tonight, at least. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 71 - A Big, Hard Rock
Talia woke up with a soft whimper, refusing to open her eyes while trying to get comfortable. 
She was lying on something hard and bumpy, and she wondered how she found herself in the forest because the scent around her was definitely forest and… there was dark chocolate as well. Was Damon nearby? Probably. 
Something heavy was on Talia's back, preventing her from getting up or rolling to the side, and a rock pressing on her belly was uncomfortable. 
She squirmed a bit and reached with her hand in an attempt to move that protruding thing before it leaves a bruise on her stomach. 
"Ugh…", a muffled groan sounded from just above Talia and her eyes snapped open. 
She was awake in an instant, and the moment she met Alpha Damon's questionable gaze, Talia wished that this was not real. 
A dream. Definitely a dream. 
Why else would she be sprawled on top of Alpha Damon? 
The hard and bumpy surface she slept on was his body, and that rock under her belly… the one she tried to move away… and the same one she was still holding onto… is NOT a rock! 
Frantically, Talia tried to push herself away from Damon, but he was holding her in place, and with every move she made it felt like his hold tightened. 
"Please, let me go…", Talia pleaded in a small voice. 
"Why?" It's not that he didn't know why, but he wanted to hear Talia's answer. 
'So that I can find a secluded spot and die of embarrassment!' 
Talia whimpered softly. "Please. I want to leave." 
There was no way Damon will let Talia leave like that. 
Damon was aware that Talia did that in the haze of her sleep, because he watched her as she stirred awake for the last few minutes, and he wished that she didn't remove her hand from down there. 
Damon could already imagine Talia curling up into a corner in a desire to be invisible, or worse… running away and leaving for good, and he felt the urgency to flip the situation around. 
Damon exhaled loudly and he made his best pitiful expression. "I see. After what you have done, you will abandon me." 
Talia thought that some things don't add up. "What?" 
"That's fine. I understand." 
Talia's confusion only increased, and she lifted her head to look at Damon. "What do you understand?" 
Damon pressed his lips into a line and shook his head faintly. "I will be fine. Go on…" He released his hold on Talia. "You don't need to take responsibility." 
Talia didn't move. "Responsibility for what?" 
"You slept the whole night on top of me, and then you groped me, and now you want to pretend like it didn't happen." 
Oh, God! He said 'grope', and that made it more real! 
She groped scary Alpha Damon! 
She molested him! 
Talia really wished to disappear. 
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. It was an accident.", Talia said with urgency. 
"Which part was an accident? Do you think that changes the fact it happened?" 
At the thought of what happened, Talia realized that she was still on top of Damon. 
Clumsily, she pushed herself off him, but she didn't leave the bed. She wanted to explain even though her face was on fire. 
"First of all, you are the one who brought me here to sleep, so you can't blame me for sleeping here. Second, me climbing on top of you happened in my sleep. It was not intentional. And third…" Talia inhaled with difficulty. "Me groping… was an accident. It was big and hard, and I thought it was a rock." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. Big? Hard? A rock? He approved Talia's description of his erection. 
He turned to the side, to face Talia and propped his head on his elbow before asking, "So, none of that is your fault?" 
"No.", Talia said with confidence. 
"But it's just the two of us, so if it is not your fault, is it mine?" 
"Well, no.", Talia had to admit. Other than him bringing her to his room to sleep, which is not a big offense, the rest was on her. Accidentally. 
Damon grinned. "Alright, Mrs. Blake, since it was no one's fault, we can pretend that it didn't happen. What do you say to that?" 
"Sounds good.", Talia agreed immediately. If they can pretend it didn't happen, that would be for the best. "Let's not mention this again. And can you stop calling me Mrs. Blake?" 
"I must call you like that because you are talking back to me, Talia.", Damon said matter-of-factly. "Did you forget that only Luna gets to talk back to her Alpha?" 
Talia was exasperated. "So, what should I do? Just stay quiet and agree with whatever you say?" 
"Don't change in order to please me or anyone else. Blindly agreeing with Alpha is for weak wolves." 
Talia wanted to say that she is weak, one of the weakest ones. Even Omegas bullied her! 
But before she could say anything, Talia was trapped in Damon's embrace again. 
"What are you doing?", Talia asked in disbelief. 
"Don't deny me this, my dear wife. There is not much time until I need to start my day, and every second with you is precious. Besides, I'm just holding you innocently, it doesn't compare to what you did to me before." 
Talia let out a slow breath. He was talking nonsense again. Didn't they agree to pretend that the unfortunate incident didn't happen? 
"You have a busy day ahead of you?", Talia asked while trying to stir the topic to something less uncomfortable. 
"Mhm…", Damon hummed in confirmation. "During breakfast, I will check with Caden and Maya if there is anything urgent that they need my inputs on, and then I'm taking my wife out." 
Damon gave Talia a knowing look, and it took her a moment to realize that she is 'the wife'. Oh, right! Yesterday, after her appointment with Doctor Travis, Damon asked her to accompany him… somewhere. 
"Out? Where?" 
Damon inched closer and his breath splashed on her ear, "Se-cret." 
Talia was not sure if she can handle any surprises from Alpha Damon. He was too much to handle even when he was not trying to surprise her. 
"Can you at least give me some hints? How long will we stay? Is there any dress code?" 
Damon thought for a moment before responding. "We will stay as long as we are having fun. A couple of hours, but not overnight. As for the clothing… wear something comfortable. Anything is fine as long as it's not kittens and rainbows that make you look like twelve years-old. I don't want people to wonder if you are my little sister or if I'm a pedophile, because you will accompany me as my wife." 
Talia's lips pressed into a line. There was that 'wife' word again. For a guy who is taking his time to get his Luna, he likes to use that 'wife' word. 
Talia liked that he said she should dress comfortably, and her heart swelled with excitement while thinking about the mystery of where they will go. 
Her mind flashed images related to their walk in the park, and the flavor of the cotton candy, and the restaurant, but she quickly pushed those thoughts away because Alpha Damon is a busy man, and he definitely wouldn't take her somewhere to dawdle for hours. 
"We should get ready.", Talia said. 
"We should.", Damon confirmed, but he didn't move. 
He looked into her honeyed eyes that were clear after a good night of sleep and his sight moved to her lips. 
He really wanted to kiss her. 
Damon put his hand on Talia's cheek, and he saw her shrinking. He cursed internally at the realization that even though they are in the bed, holding each other, there is still an invisible wall between them. 
"Do you want to shower in my bathroom?", he asked. 
Talia's eyes widened as his words sank in. "What?" 
"You slept in my bed, do you want to get ready in my bathroom? We can take turns or to save time…", his voice trailed, and Talia's face turned red again. 
Talia knows that for werewolves nudity is not a big deal, but she never shifted into her wolf form or mingled with others, so she was not used to those things. 
Talia remembered that on the previous night Damon slept in her bed, and then in the morning, she saw him getting out of her bathroom. Did he treat this as a sleepover? Maybe. 
"No need. My bathroom is fine." 
"OK.", he said and reluctantly released his hold on Talia. "I will see you at breakfast." 
Talia scooted out of the bed and froze when Damon chuckled. 
"Blue. It fits you." 
Talia's face fell when she realized that the only blue thing she had on herself was panties. Ah! The tank top hitched higher and exposed her buttocks! 
Talia swiftly tugged the tank top lower and dashed out of Damon's room, followed by his hearty laughter. 
She closed the door of her room and leaned on it while telling herself not to overthink it because Damon definitely saw much more than a female panty-covered behind. Besides, if they are on the beach, she would be exposed more than that. The fact that she was this flustered, only served for his amusement. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 72 - Damon’s Unclear Intentions
In the hallway… 
Caden stood frozen and blinked a few times while confirming that he saw what he saw: Talia dashing from Damon's room into hers. 
He normally doesn't come to the third floor, but now Caden climbed there because he wanted to confirm that Damon is awake since Damon told him that he will be out after breakfast, so they had an early start. 
Of course, Caden would use mind-link, but Damon shut down his side. 
Caden was not sure why would Damon be unreachable, but now that he saw Talia scarcely dressed coming out of Damon's room, Caden understood what's going on. 
Caden turned on his heel and went down the stairs with the spring in his step. 
He opened the door of his room and sashayed toward Maya who was fixing her hair. 
"Is Damon awake?", Maya asked. 
"Mhm", Caden responded with a hum. 
Maya eyed Caden and she could see that he was nearly bursting from saying something, seemingly important. 
"What happened?" 
"I won the bet." 
Maya didn't get it. "What bet?" 
"When Talia came here, I said that Damon will get her into his bed within a week." 
Maya frowned. "What?" 
"Don't try to deny it. I said, one week, and you said, no way. I just saw Talia escaping from Damon's room into hers and based on her appearance, she slept in his room." 
"Poor girl. He is fast." 
Caden didn't understand Maya's reaction. "Why, poor girl? They are mates. Actually, I was wondering what took him so long. It's obvious that the bond was driving him crazy because whenever Talia was not with him, he was distracted. She was just across the hallway and considering that our Alpha has no concept of patience and self-restraint, it's a miracle that he didn't drag her into his room on the first night she came here. Now that they are together, Damon should be more… normal." 
Maya thought that some things don't add up. "If they are together, why did she leave his room? We both know that mates have difficulty staying away from each other, especially while the bond is forming because the initial flow of emotions is fueling up insecurities. And if they are sharing a bed, why is Talia trying to leave the packhouse?" 
Caden didn't have answers to Maya's questions. "You should talk to her again and see if she changed her mind about leaving." 
"I will." 
After breakfast… 
Maya was frustrated that she didn't get a chance to talk to Talia. 
Damon was hovering around Talia, putting food on her plate and feeding her, and as soon as they finished with breakfast, they headed out. 
Damon didn't even tell them where they are going or how long they will stay, but based on the instructions he gave, they will be back later in the day, in the evening probably. 
"It seems that our Alpha wants to disconnect with his mate.", Caden said to Maya when it was just the two of them. "That's what I would do." 
"Don't you think it's too soon to celebrate?", Maya asked. 
"What do you mean?" 
"Talia didn't reject his pampering, but she didn't look like an enamored girl who spent the night with her mate.", Maya voiced her observation. "Is it possible that she doesn't know what Damon's intentions are?" 
Caden burst into a hearty laugh. 
"Maya… my sweetie pie…", he said while catching his breath. "I don't think that even our Alpha knows what his intentions are." 
Caden saw that Maya was not amused, so he cleared his throat before continuing, "What I was trying to say is, if Damon wants Talia to be our Luna, he should just announce it to everyone. With that, the pack would be aware of her existence and protect her while she takes the place that belongs to her. And if he wants to reject the bond, he should have done that a long time ago and not let her stick around." 
"You are saying that Damon is toying with Talia." 
"Well, not exactly toying, but maybe he has a plan and he is making the situation ambiguous until he figures out… yeah, toying is the right term." 
Maya made a face. "What happened with you messing with Damon until he spills that Talia is his mate?" 
Caden spread his arms, palms up, showing her that he has nothing. "Come on, sugarplum. It's been only a few days, and I didn't get a chance to work on that." He saw that Maya pursed her lips and there was a familiar spark in her eyes, so he asked, "Are you going to interfere?" 
Maya didn't respond, but Caden took her silence as a, 'yes'. 
Ah, he loves when Maya makes a move. His brilliant mate always knows which strings to tug on and how hard in order to get the desired result. 
"Did you call Alpha Edward?" 
Caden's question pulled Maya out of her thoughts, and she frowned. 
"Not yet. I guess I should get that out of the way first…" 
- - - 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
- - - 
Damon enjoyed the sight of Talia who looked at everything with her eyes open wide and a big smile on her face, unable to conceal her excitement. 
Talia's eyes sparkled. There was loud music, colors, lots of people, laughter, cheers, and the scent of delicious food, and she never would have guessed that Damon will bring her to an amusement park. 
During the hour-long drive, she was guessing if they are going to the human town where she went to the hospital, but she recognized the scenery as they zoomed past that area and drove further away. 
A gentle squeeze of Talia's hand got her attention and she looked questionably at Damon. 
"What ride do you want to try first?", Damon asked. "Or do you want to try candied corn? Chocolate-dipped pretzels?" 
Talia shrugged and shook her head at the same time. "Everything sounds great, but I've never been to a place like this, so I have no idea from where to start. I want to try them all." 
Damon chuckled. "Alright. Let's start with the closest one." And he led the way toward the merry-go-round that had seats shaped as carriages. 
"My lady…" 
He gave her his hand to hold while climbing on the ride and he even bowed a little, and Talia giggled while thinking how Damon looks like a prince from her Cinderella book. 
Damon was pleased with Talia's reaction. He was contemplating where to take her, but he knew that a romantic spot would freak her out, so he decided on an amusement park. 
Talia can experience something new, and he will get closer to her without her suspecting anything. 
Damon has no idea how to woo a girl, and everything he read online was confusing, so he kept his plan simple. He will stick to Talia and make sure she has fun and she will get used to his presence until she realizes that he became an essential part of her life, and then he won't fear her reaction when she finds out that they are mates because she will already be in love with him. 
Damon was confident that this will work. 
It was Sunday, so the place was lively. There was food, and games, and rides, and people crowding the space made their hand-holding a necessity, and more than once, Damon held Talia's shoulder, pulling her to walk close to him so that they don't get separated. Perfect. 
As they walked by the stalls, Damon noticed Talia looking curiously at the headbands that had animal ears on top. He grabbed one with brown kitty ears and put it on her head. 
"A kitty. It suits you.", he said with a smile. 
She wanted to remove it and he grabbed her hand before she could reach the headband. 
"Do you not approve of cats? Should I get you the one with bunny ears, or would you rather be a mouse?" 
"There is nothing wrong with cats." The problem was that she didn't have any money, and she was uncomfortable that Damon was paying for everything. 
"Then, keep it on. I want you to have a souvenir, something to remember by our first visit here." 
He paid for the headband and pulled her to the next stall that offered face painting. Damon took the brush and after two seconds, the tip of Talia's nose was black, and she had three whiskers on each cheek. 
Damon looked at his handiwork and nodded in approval. "Now you are a kitty. My kitty." 
Talia was not sure how to respond to this, but somehow, it confirmed that she is not only Damon's pet project, but he actually sees her as a pet. That would explain why wants her to sleep in the same bed. 
Damon and Talia took a number of rides that rotated, shook, went up and down, and by the time they stopped for a snack, Talia's legs were wobbly. 
Damon was happy to hold Talia around her waist and support her until they reached a bench to sit on. 
The nearby stall sold bacon-wrapped corndogs, and they enjoyed them with soda that washed down the greasy food. 
"Are you having fun?", Damon asked Talia. 
"Yes. Lots.", she responded enthusiastically. "Is this your first time here?" 
"It feels like it.", Damon said ambiguously before explaining. "I had a group of friends and unless something else was going on, we would come here on the weekend." 
Talia noticed that he spoke in the past tense. "What happened? Why did you stop coming?" 
"I became the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack." 
"As Alpha, you couldn't come here?" 
Damon shook his head. "I was busy and they… became my subordinates. You can't have fun with people who bow their head to you whenever you raise your voice." 
Talia nodded in understanding and continued munching on her corndog while her heart tightened. 
She realized that ten years ago Damon didn't lose only his parents, but his friends as well. 
From the stories Stephanie told her, Talia imagined teenage Damon at the center of every party, surrounded by his peers who admired him and girls who hoped to catch his eye. 
Overnight, Damon turned from a carefree boy who was loved and admired into a scary Alpha everyone obeyed. Yes, he has a lot of people around him, but they are either serving him or trying to get something from him. 
So far, Talia thought of Damon as moody, scary, indifferent, powerful, caring... but she never saw him as lonely. Until now. 
This was another side of Damon, and it made Talia's heart ache. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 73 - The Amusement Park (1)
"What's wrong?" 
Damon's question pulled Talia out of her thoughts, and she realized that she didn't control her expression. 
"Nothing." 
"Tell me.", he insisted. "I see that something got you upset. You can't say that it's nothing." 
The sincerity in his voice urged her to speak. 
"I'm sad that you are lonely." 
Damon cracked a smile. "I'm not lonely. I have you." 
Talia paused while looking into his icy-blue eyes that spoke volumes she didn't understand and she tried to decipher hidden messages. 
Is it possible...? Maybe...? What if...? 
Talia shook her head and dispelled any ambiguous thoughts. Alpha Damon will probably bring the 'wife' joke again, or maybe this time she will be a pet. 
"That's not what I meant." 
"What did you mean?" He really wanted to know what's going on in her mind. 
Talia thought for a moment before responding, "I hope that one day you find someone who will be your equal, without hidden agenda." 
"What if I already found her?" 
Talia smiled sadly. 
'If you found her, you wouldn't be here with me. And when you do find her, I will become non-important. You will spend time with her, and tease her, and laugh with her and forget about me as I fade in your memory as your previous pet project...' 
Talia would never say those words aloud, but she couldn't stop a small flame in her heart that tried to resurface under his intense gaze that was directed at her. 
She exhaled a shaky breath while telling herself that playful Damon is here, and she shouldn't get her hopes up because Damon is looking for entertainment, and right now that was her role. 
Talia chided herself internally. Why did she think he was talking about her as someone important? That's impossible and she shouldn't delude herself. 
The bitterness swelled inside her and she didn't want Damon to see it. If he asks what's going on, she wouldn't know how to explain because saying the truth was not an option. He would just laugh at her, and she won't allow herself to stoop so low. 
Talia was sick and tired of people bullying her because she can't fight back, and if Damon mocks her and joins that group, she will be devastated. 
Talia wrapped the leftover corndog in a napkin and stood up. "I need to use the restroom. I saw one not far away from here." 
"Wait!", Damon called while scrambling to collect napkins and other mess from the bench, and by the time he turned in the direction where Talia went, she was lost in the crowd. 
He didn't get it. What happened? 
Damon decided not to tell Talia that she is his mate until her wolf awakens. Her wolf will not only tell her the truth but also boost her strength and courage which she will need as Damon's mate. 
Until that happens, Damon was determined to show Talia that she is important. And he thought he was doing great, but then, she left. 
Damon hesitated. Should he go after her, or wait on the bench? 
Damn it! All women are eager to stick to him, yet Talia didn't waver to leave him behind. Now what? 
Damon told himself to calm down. Talia said that she is going to the restroom, and she will be back in a few minutes. It's not a big deal. Girls go to the restroom all the time. She will be back. She has to. 
- - - 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
- - - 
Talia entered the female side of the restrooms and halted at the sight of women who waited in line for their turn to use the toilet. 
Talia didn't really feel like going, but she hoped for the privacy that a restroom stall will provide. No matter where she looked, there were people everywhere, and Talia needed space. 
She was used to solitude and silence, and even though she did her best to adjust to her new social environment, whenever she felt distressed, her urge was to find a spot for herself. 
Talia headed for the only free sink. The mirror was smudged, but Talia could still see her reflection. Other than a black dot on her nose and ridiculous whiskers on her cheeks, she was normal. The cat ears were kind of cute, but that was just an accessory. 
How she saw it, there was nothing outstanding in her appearance and she shouldn't think for a moment that Alpha Damon would be attracted to her. 
She started the water to wash away the makeup. She refused to be his pet because even when he treated her as a pet, Damon managed to make her forget about what's important and that can't be good. 
What's the use of getting attached to a man who will discard her when the next Cassie or Marcy makes an appearance? 
It's only a matter of time before such a woman waltzes in and Talia didn't want to end up in a situation where she will be accused of stealing food, or worse… stealing Alpha Damon. 
Her heart tightened at the thought of Alpha Damon spending his time like this with someone else, but Talia didn't see herself as worthy, and having him for herself was absolutely impossible. If beauties with outstanding backgrounds like Marcy and Cassie failed, Talia was confident that she has negative chances of capturing (and keeping) Damon. 
The only wise thing would be to stay away from Alpha Damon and focus on learning skills that will be useful for her future instead of doing whatever this is. 
Outside… 
Damon remembered that the restrooms were not far away, but he was not sure if that's the place where Talia went and the path was packed with people, so Damon didn't dare move too far away from the bench. 
Damon looked anxiously at his phone to check the time. What's taking her so long? Should he go and search for Talia? 
What if something happened? Did someone attack her? What if the floor is slippery, and Talia slipped and hit her head? 
No. There are many people and if anything happened, there would be a commotion and as much as the atmosphere is lively, nothing is alarming other than the fact that Talia didn't return! Where could she be? 
Damon regretted not getting her a cell phone or maybe one of those GPS locators so that he knows where she is at any given time. 
"Excuse me…", a sweet voice reached Damon and he saw two women smiling at him. 
They were in their early twenties, dressed in tight tops and hot pants that didn't leave much to the imagination. Sure, their makeup was spot on, and their figures were alluring, but Damon didn't think they compare to Talia. 
No woman compares to Talia. His mate. 
"Can you tell me the time?", the blonde asked while leaning closer than necessary. 
"I don't have a watch.", Damon responded dryly. 
"But you have a phone, right?", she said while gesturing toward his left hand which held the phone. 
Damon smirked. "So do you." He didn't see the woman with a phone, but she smelled human, and all humans have cell phones. 
He thought that was enough to deter them, so he continued looking toward the restrooms, hoping to see Talia. 
Unfortunately, the two women were not willing to give up easily. 
"OK. OK.", the brunette said. "We saw that you are on your own and thought of having a conversation. There is no need to ignore us. We won't bite." 
"Are you waiting for a friend?", the blonde asked. 
... 
Talia got out of the restroom and headed toward the bench where she left Damon. 
She paused at the sight of Damon and two beautiful women flanking him, each with hearts in her eyes. Damon's expression was stern, but the two women acted very friendly, leaning in closer as they spoke, and the blonde even put her hand on his shoulder. He didn't remove her hand or shoo them away. 
Is this one more of his games? Did he find different entertainment? 
Well, knowing Damon, he probably didn't need to find women because he is a magnet for the opposite sex. 
Talia wondered, why did he bring her here? She was confident that many others would love to come here with him. Why her? Is it because he loves to tease her? Or is it because he feels guilty that she got a slap from Cassie on his watch? 
Talia was not sure what to do. If she goes there, she will interrupt them. Will Alpha Damon mind? What if he gets angry? 
Those two women looked ready to kidnap him. Would Damon resist? 
Maybe he forgot about Talia already. 
Her chest hurt and she wanted it to stop. 
Without realizing, Talia took a step back... and another, and another… and then she turned away and walked into the crowd without any destination on her mind. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 74 - The Amusement Park (2)
Damon was irritated. Those two women didn't show any intention of leaving his side even after he told them that he was waiting for someone. 
It's not that their presence really bothered him, but their chatter distracted him from looking out for Talia. He saw them like two flies who refused to take a hint and leave. 
Suddenly, Damon felt uneasy. Actually, he felt uneasy since Talia left him on that bench, but this was serious, like something was really wrong. 
Damon looked in the direction of the restrooms, where Talia went, and through the crowd, he saw a pair of brown cat ears. 
He didn't get a good look at the person, but he had a strong feeling that was Talia. 
"Talia!", Damon shouted and moved in that direction, leaving two bewildered women behind him. 
"Talia!" He continued calling, frustrated that the crowd obstructed his view and slowed down his movements. 
Why was Talia walking away from him? Why can't he find her? Was that her? 
What if Talia is still in the restroom? Or what if she went to the bench and he was not there? 
She left a while ago, and with every passing second, his anxiety swelled. 
'Calm down boy.', his wolf said. 
'Calm down? How can I calm down? Talia is missing and how the fuck am I supposed to find her in this crowd!?' 
There was a throng of scents in the air and even without them, Damon had difficulty tracking Talia's delicate scent of freesia if she was not close to him. 
'Use the bond.', his wolf said. 
Damon didn't get it. 'How?' 
'Over the last few days, the mate bond strengthened. The discomfort you are feeling is from the mate.' 
Damon's panic increased. 'What? Is she hurt?' 
'This is not the time to chat. You need to find her.' 
'How am I going to find her by using something I don't understand? Explain! And make it quick.', Damon demanded. 
'As you spend more time with mate, your bond strengthens. The discomfort you are experiencing is a reflection of her feelings toward the mate bond.' 
Damon couldn't identify the sensation clearly, but he knew that it was unpleasant. 
'She doesn't know I'm her mate. How can she dislike the bond if she is not aware of its existence?' 
'No matter if she is aware of the bond or not, the bond exists. And right now, mate doesn't want it. We can talk about this later, but right now you need to find her. Focus on the source of discomfort and follow your instincts…' 
Damon couldn't believe this. How is it possible that Talia has these negative feelings toward the bond? Isn't that the same as negative feelings toward him? What did he do? They were talking and eating corndogs and then she left. 
But his wolf was right. Damon's first priority should be to find Talia, and everything else can wait. 
Damon closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths, and then he dashed into the crowd. 
… 
The amusement park has tree lines along the paths that connect rides and other entertainment areas. The trees provide separation between various theme-based sections and there are several spots surrounded by trees and other foliage that are like a natural oasis in the middle of the bustle of the amusement park with play structures for the kids, benches, and picnic tables. 
Visitors come to these areas to take a break, rest, and snack before going back to the rides. 
In one of those resting areas… 
Talia sat on the ground, with her back facing a big tree that was further away from the people who sat at the picnic tables. She hugged her knees and stared blankly at the grass in front of her. 
She had no idea how far she walked. Her intention was to distance herself from the situation and to not interrupt Alpha Damon and two women who were trying to seduce him, but now it seems that she caused trouble. 
Will Alpha Damon be upset when he realizes that she is missing? Will he even notice her absence? 
Talia was dejected. If Damon wanted to flirt with women, why did he bring her along? 
She told herself not to get attached, yet the attachment was already there. With every minute she spent with Alpha Damon, she was getting used to his presence, and attention, and becoming more dependent on him. 
Pathetic. Is this why she escaped the Red Moon pack? 
Instead of spending time with an unstable Alpha who teases her whenever he gets a chance, she should focus on things that matter. 
Talia already decided to learn cooking and how to fight, and if she can get a job to help in the hospital, that will be a huge bonus. But instead of studying, she ended up following Alpha Damon here. 
Why are they here? Alpha Damon is a busy man with no time to dawdle in the amusement park, and he definitely didn't come here so that she can have fun. 
If she was focused, she would not come here and waste time. She would study and help in the kitchen, or even just reading news articles is better than this. 
Yes, it should be fun, but it's not. 
When they arrived at the amusement park, Talia was carried away by the noise and colors and the good mood and she forgot who she is. How can she enjoy here when her next meal and a place where she will sleep depend on the mood of someone else? How is this different from how she lived at the Red Moon pack? Sure, her room is better and she has fancy clothes, but she is still weak and useless. This won't do. 
A man clearing his throat got Talia's attention, and she realized that three men were standing in front of her. 
All three of them looked like they are in their early thirties, with neat hairstyles, polo t-shirts, and jeans. Overall, they looked tidy, but their smiles made Talia uncomfortable. 
From her personal experience, when someone comes sneakily that close and smiles... it can't be good. 
Talia scrambled to her feet and her back was glued to the trunk of the tree as she eyed them suspiciously. 
The man in the middle spoke, "Don't be afraid. We came here to check if you are OK." 
The man on the left continued, "Yeah. You look distressed and alone. Are you alone?" 
"She is with me.", a gruff voice came from Talia's left and her heart skipped a beat when she saw Damon's icy-blue eyes directed at her. 
Damon extended his hand toward Talia. "Come here, love." 
Talia bit her lower lip nervously. She left Alpha Damon, yet he came to find her, and he even called her love to put a show for these three men. 
Was Alpha Damon angry? 
Yes, he was angry, but at the moment their eyes met, the uneasiness in Damon's chest disappeared and he knew that Talia was relieved to see him. 
Damon wiggled his fingers, reminding Talia that he was still waiting, and she put her hand into his without further delay. 
Damon's fingers wrapped around Talia's hand, and he pulled her to stand behind him. 
"Do we have a problem?", Damon asked three men. 
The middle one raised his hands. "No problem. We saw a girl here, she looked in distress, and we came to check if she was OK. There is no more to it." 
The man on the left added. "She is a beautiful girl. You shouldn't leave her on her own. There are all kinds of scoundrels in the area." 
Damon didn't buy their story. The three of them looked like scoundrels. But he didn't want to cause a commotion here in open, so he responded with a stiff nod. "I will keep that in mind." 
As three men walked away, Damon turned to Talia. 
Talia met Damon's stare reluctantly, unsure what to say. His chest heaved and she was confident that he was angry. Should she apologize? 
Before she could say anything, Talia found herself in Damon's embrace and his lips landed on her forehead. 
This time, she was confident that Damon kissed her there. Why would he do that? 
Talia was not sure what to do, so she just stood stiffly. 
Damon wanted to kiss her everywhere and to squeeze her until they merge into one so that they are always together, but he knew that would be too much and Talia would probably freak out. 
For a moment, he really thought that she was gone, and he was on the verge of losing his mind, but then he saw her sitting under the tree and he stood on the side and observed her while trying to guess what's going on in that pretty head of hers. 
He also stayed on the side for a reason that he was mentally unstable and if he went to Talia he would probably say things he would regret forever, so he gave himself some time to calm down. 
But then those three guys approached Talia, and Damon couldn't just stand on the side. 
Damon thought that he will explode in anger, but the moment she placed her hand in his, all fury was replaced with helplessness at the realization that his other half thinks he is not good enough. Were those her feelings or his? Damon was not sure. 
Why did she run away? Why did she leave him alone? 
"Don't leave me, Talia…", Damon murmured, and her heart cracked under the weight of emotions that washed over her. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 75 - The Amusement Park (3)
"Don't leave me, Talia…", Damon murmured. "Don't leave." 
Damon's words touched Talia's soul in a way she couldn't explain, and the world around them faded. There was no amusement park, no loud music, no cheers nor screams from people taking the rides, no packs and no responsibilities, it was just the two of them, Damon and Talia. 
Talia remembered their talk on the bench. Damon lost his parents and his friends, and he said that even with that, he was not lonely because she was by his side, and… she left. 
Talia knows very well how it feels to be alone, without anyone to share good or bad things in life. She remembered how much happiness Olivia brought into her life just by being there and treating her kindly, and how hollow Talia felt when Olivia left the pack. 
Talia thought that maybe, just maybe, if it's about holding hands and giving company, she can be that someone who will relieve Damon's loneliness, until he finds his Luna. 
She knew that the more time she spends with Damon, the more it will hurt when he moves on, but she saw this as her chance to repay him for his kindness. After all, Alpha Damon gave her a second lease on life, and if she can be a person who makes him less lonely by holding his hand, she will do it. 
Talia's arms snaked around Damon, and she rested her head on his chest. 
"As long as you need me, I won't leave, Damon." Her words were just above a whisper, but Damon heard her very well. 
Damon's wolf wagged his tail at this. Talia said that she will not leave and that was a big deal. Damon was happy as well, but he needed more. 
Damon touched Talia's chin to lift her head so that he can see her face. 
He observed her keenly for a few long seconds before asking, "What if I need you forever?" 
Talia wanted to say how there is no such thing. Sooner or later (sooner than later), he will find his Luna or his next pet project, and he will forget all about Talia, but she didn't want to nitpick. 
"Then, I will stay by your side forever." 
Damon's breath hitched. She said it. Forever. 
"Remember your words, Talia." 
"This is not about words, but about actions.", Talia responded. "When you don't need me anymore, I will know, and I will leave. There will be no need for you to say anything." 
Damon understood that as long as he treats Talia right, she will stay by his side. That sounded good because he had no intention of harming her, but what if he does it accidentally? 
"Promise me one thing.", he demanded. "Promise that no matter what happens, you won't leave without an explanation." 
Talia thought how that was acceptable. After all, when he finds his Luna or whatever girl he decides to tease next, there will be no need for lengthy explanations, and he will not care about Talia's reason for leaving. 
"Alright.", Talia agreed. 
Damon tightened his hug around Talia, and a second later, he sat on the ground and pulled Talia to sit on his lap. 
He cradled her in his arms and buried his face in the crook of her neck, enjoying the sweet citrusy scent of freesia and delightful sparks that tingled wherever they touched. 
The clingier Damon was, the more guilty Talia felt. She was supposed to return to the bench and not act out like a child running away from home. She wanted to apologize, and she hoped that he won't ask for an explanation, because she didn't have one to give. 
"I'm sorry for..." 
"Shh…", he interrupted her. "There is no need for apologies. If you are truly sorry, don't do it again." 
"OK", she said softly and leaned her forehead on his shoulder. 
'We almost lost her, damnit!', Damon said to his wolf while tightening his hold on Talia. 
'But we didn't.', his wolf stated the fact. 'You can feel that she is enjoying our proximity. Keep going like this, and she will accept us fully.' 
Damon agreed. Instead of discomfort, there was a warm and fuzzy feeling and he really hoped those are Talia's emotions. 
Talia felt Damon's fingers making small circles on her back and she thought how it's silly that the scary Alpha was so clingy, but Damon wanted to cuddle, and she let him have it. 
She hoped that no one important will see them like this, but with the way they were sitting, both of their faces were hidden, so it was fine. 
"Is this OK?", Damon's words splashed on her neck. 
"Yes.", she responded in a whisper, surprised that she didn't have the strength to talk properly. 
"Are you comfortable?" 
"Yes." She really was. 
Just like every time before, Damon's hold was warm and solid, and she loved his scent. 
And she loved the most that they can sit in silence, and it was not awkward at all. 
Talia wondered, why did she leave? Was it because Damon was talking with those two women? 
Now that she calmed down, Talia thought how that was silly. Even if there were five women, they are not Talia's competition because she is not competing. She was not sure if she can even call Damon a friend and she had no idea what she is to him, and she was afraid to find out. If he said that he sees her as his friend, she wouldn't believe him, and if he calls her his pet or a temporary source of amusement, she would be saddened, so she decided not to ask. 
"Damon?", Talia called after an unknown measure of time. 
"Hmm?" 
"When are we going back home?" 
"Never.", he responded without missing a beat. He liked that she called it 'home'. 
Talia couldn't believe this. "We need to go back eventually." 
Damon lifted his head to see her face, and Talia blushed in an instant because they were super close. Their noses nearly touched! 
"You don't like it here, with me, kitty?", Damon asked. 
It took her a moment to realize that he called her 'kitty' because of the headband she was wearing. 
"It's not that I don't like it, but both of us have things to do and…" She was not sure how to finish this. 
Damon gave her a half-smile. "You like it, I like it, and that's all that matters. We can stay here until one of us doesn't like it anymore." 
Talia wondered, how can he be so easygoing? "Tomorrow is the Summer Solstice, and everyone is busy with preparations. It doesn't seem right that we are here relaxing." 
Damon knew that Talia was right, but he was not willing to go back. It's been ages since he took a day off, and it was him and Talia and no one else, and he wanted to prolong this as much as possible. It was barely lunchtime, damnit! 
"There are still many rides for us to try." 
"We can try them next time." 
"Next time." He liked that. 
So far, he always had a cramp in his chest out of fear that Talia will disappear, and he won't be able to find her, yet now she said, 'next time', which means that she will stay longer. Forever, hopefully. 
Damon was planning to spend the whole day here and to end it with a magnificent view of the sunset from the Ferris Wheel, and if the things look promising, he would go for the kiss on the lips, but 'next time' sounded good also. He will take it. Maybe next time they do more than just holding hands. Who knows? 
Damon lowered his head and nudged her neck with his nose, making her hairs stand on ends. 
"Mmm", he hummed, and she could feel his lips moving against the skin of her neck as he spoke, his every word sent jolts of electricity through her body, "I enjoy holding you like this, kitty. Give me a few more minutes." 
Talia fisted Damon's shirt to steady herself. 
She was sitting on Damon's lap, with his solid arms holding her against his chest, and her mind was spinning. She thought that she might faint, but she didn't. 
The sensation was new and totally out of her comfort zone, yet she didn't want it to stop and part of her regretted that she brought up going back home because for a reason unknown to Talia, right there in Damon's arms, she felt a sense of belonging that made her loneliness disappear and she wished that they can stay like that forever. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 76 - Preparations For The Festival
~ The Dark Howlers pack ~ 
During their drive home, Talia was in a daze. 
She couldn't believe that Alpha Damon held her so gently. It was something that she would never imagine as possible, but it happened. 
The only indicator that they arrived back home was the loss of heat when he let go of her hand to open the door. 
Talia watched Damon as he walked around the car to reach her side. She placed her hand into his when she exited the car, and just as his heat seeped into her palm, he let go, reminding her again that the magic was gone. 
Something was stuck in Talia's throat, and she couldn't speak. 
The sound of Stephanie's voice from the kitchen got Talia's attention, and she moved in that direction robotically. 
Damon said that he will be working from his office, but she didn't respond. She couldn't. 
Talia reminded herself that she knew it will be like this. She signed up to hold his hand and give him company, but it's not convenient to do that in front of others so… she needs to suck it up and focus on what's important. Kitchen. Stephanie. Learning things. Independence. 
Yes, independence, because only like that she can be her own person and not rely on others for roof over her head, and food on the table, and even for holding hands. 
Before entering the kitchen, Talia took a deep breath and schooled her features. 
"Make sure there are extra towels. The bed sheets need to be ironed before you put them on…", Stephanie spoke to three Omegas and then she noticed Talia. 
"Hi, dear…" Stephanie's sight moved to the top of Talia's head. "I see you had fun." 
It took Talia a moment to realize that she was still wearing the headband with kitty ears on it. She swiftly removed it. 
"Uhm, sorry about that. I didn't mean to interrupt." 
Talia hoped that Stephanie won't ask from where the headband came, because Talia wouldn't know how to explain other than the truth, and she knew that it wouldn't be appropriate to say that she went to an amusement park with Alpha Damon. Well, maybe Stephanie wouldn't think much about it, but those three Omegas were new faces, and knowing how popular Alpha Damon is, Talia didn't want to antagonize them. 
Stephanie stifled a laugh at the sight of Talia who clumsily tried to hide the headband behind her. 
"There is nothing to apologize for." 
"I heard you talking about some work. Can I help?", Talia asked while her sight darted toward the three Omegas who stood in attention. 
Talia had a bad experience in the Red Moon pack, but this is a new beginning and Talia hoped to start on a good note. 
To Talia's surprise, Stephanie rejected Talia's offer. 
"The work is almost done. They can handle it. You can go and rest until it's time to start dinner preparations. We will have a few extra hands tonight because guests are coming." Stephanie glanced at Omegas. "Any questions? If not, go and do the work. Let me know when you finish." 
Three young women scurried out of the kitchen, leaving Stephanie and Talia behind. 
Talia craned her neck, to make sure the Omegas are out of the earshot before asking, "Guests are coming for dinner?" 
Stephanie confirmed. "A total of six people, so we are preparing four rooms for tonight. First guests will be here in about three hours." 
Talia's heart raced and she hoped that Stephanie won't notice her anxiousness. 
Part of her feared that someone from the Red Moon pack will come and recognize her. But she thought that if that's the case, Alpha Damon, Maya, or Caden would warn her. Right? 
However, even if the guests are not from the Red Moon pack, Talia was still uneasy. She didn't know how to deal with new faces in the packhouse. What will she say if they ask who she is and what she's doing there? Talia herself was not sure why she was lingering in the packhouse. Because Alpha Damon asked her to stay? That didn't sound convincing, and Talia wouldn't dare to say that she was sharing a bed with him for the last two nights. 
Talia's instinct was to hide in her room until the guests leave, but she really wanted to see the fair and that meant she needs to step out of her room. 
"How come they are coming today?", Talia asked. "I thought that guests are arriving tomorrow, for the Summer Solstice." 
"Most of them will be here tomorrow, but some are coming in advance so that they can rest properly before tomorrow.", Stephanie clarified to Talia. "Two teams that have games in the morning are here, and two more are on their way. They are staying in the common buildings. No one knows if they came early to rest or party, but that's normal. After all, chances to spend time in another pack are not common, and they probably treat it like a vacation." 
"I see.", Talia said. She was not worried about the teams. Her concern was related to the high-ranking werewolves who will be staying in the packhouse. "Stephanie, is there advice you can give me about these guests? I mean… these people who will be in the packhouse... should I stay out of their way or something?" 
Stephanie was surprised by this question, and she understood that Talia doesn't feel like she belongs here. Well, Talia arrived just a few days ago, and considering that Cassie already created drama, it was no wonder that Talia was insecure about having guests. 
Stephanie didn't understand why Damon didn't listen and give Talia accommodation with other Omegas. 
"They are normal people, just like everyone else. You are with us now and this is your home. I know that it can be overwhelming because you are new, but no one should give you a hard time. Those who come earlier are hoping to spend more time with Alpha Damon. Managing a pack is a lot of politics and without collaborating with others, no one would go far." 
Talia relaxed a bit at these words. Of course, they all want to have a good relationship with Alpha Damon, and that means they will behave and not bully anyone (Talia in particular). 
With nothing much to do, Talia went to her room. She was on a mission to read the book that Doctor Travis gave her. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
~ town square, Darkbourne ~ 
'Maya, how soon can you come to my office?', Damon's voice sounded in Maya's head through the mind-link. 
'I'm in the town square. I will be there in ten minutes', Maya responded. 
She was supervising the decorations for the Summer Solstice festival which will be held on the next day. 
Maya checked the time, and she was surprised that Damon and Talia returned already. Considering the sync-up they had in the morning, Maya assumed that they will be away for the day. 
Sure, guests are about to arrive in a few hours, but Damon was never the one to welcome them at the doorstep. The guests would trickle in during the day, and Stephanie (or Maya) would welcome them and show them to their rooms, and Damon would join them for dinner. 
Unless there was a meeting scheduled, Damon doesn't bother with entertaining guests, no matter who they are. 
Maya wondered why Damon called her to come to his office. Why didn't he say what he wanted through the mind-link? 
… 
In Damon's office… 
"Yes, Alpha?", Maya asked as soon as she arrived. 
"Any updates?", Damon asked. 
"Everything is per schedule." 
Damon made a face. He knew that festival preparations are on track. "You know that I'm asking about Marcy." 
If Maya didn't manage to postpone Marcy's visit, the bride-to-be would arrive tomorrow morning, and Damon hoped that Maya managed to pull a miracle out of somewhere. 
Maya smirked. "You know that you can rely on me, Alpha." 
Damon released the breath he was holding. "How long?" 
"Nine days." 
"Great!", Damon exclaimed, feeling like a big burden fell off his chest. "When this festival is over, you and Caden can take a few days off. Pick a location and I will book a hotel for you." 
Maya felt like the sun became brighter by a few notches. She loves to travel. "Alright. I will talk to Caden and let you know the location by tomorrow evening." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 77 - Bad Mate
Damon was about to dismiss Maya from his study, but then he thought of something. "I have a favor to ask." 
"Shoot!", Maya responded enthusiastically. Damon promised a vacation, and she was prepared to do any chore or risk him changing his mind. 
"I was hoping that tomorrow you can take care of Talia. Show her around the fair, make sure she has a good time." 
Maya paused. Her first impulse was to verify if Damon and Talia spent the night together, how Caden told her that morning, but instead, she asked, "Didn't you take her out for the morning?" 
Damon didn't deny it. "What does that have to do with tomorrow?" 
Everything! "Nothing. But I hope you can clarify one thing. Why are you asking me to show Talia around? Out of everyone in this pack, you are the one spending the most time with her." And you are her mate, bozo! 
Damon understood that Maya is implying how he should be the one showing Talia around. "I will be busy with events and delegations from other packs. Talia will be uncomfortable if I drag her around with me. When I get time, I will make sure to check on her." 
Damon is set to watch competitions and give awards in the morning. He will probably have some breaks here and there, but with delegations from other packs present, Damon was not sure if he will be able to leave and spend time with Talia. In the afternoon, Damon has a meeting with other Alphas, but his evening is free, and he thought of finding Talia at that time. 
While he is busy, he wanted to make sure that Talia is having a good time. Who would be better for that task than Maya? 
Damon noticed that Maya's expression was not good. "Is that a problem? If not, I can ask someone else…" 
"No.", Maya cut him off. "Not a problem. I will do it. Talia will have a good time. Anything else, Alpha?" That last word sounded more like a curse. 
"That will be all.", Damon said while wondering what was the cause of Maya's drastic mood swing. 
'Why was Maya pissed? Did I do something wrong?', Damon asked his wolf. He really didn't get it. 
'You will find out tomorrow.', his wolf responded. 
Damon had a bad feeling about this. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maya stood in the hallway and thought about what to do. 
Her blood boiled at the thought of Damon sleeping with Talia and spending time with her only when it fits his schedule. What about Talia? Does Damon expect that Talia will sit on the side and wait for him? 
If they are mates, he needs to do his best for her and with her. 
Maya grew up in a patriarchal pack where only males were warriors and decision-makers while females were expected to take care of the house and give birth to pups, and Maya hated it. Her mother was the smartest woman Maya ever knew, yet she was reduced to a housewife because her mate, Maya's father, didn't approve of Maya's mother getting a job and doing something other than cooking, cleaning, and laundry. 
Since she was a teen, Maya went the extra mile to train secretly, and only after meeting Caden and joining the Dark Howlers pack, Maya was able to show her prowess as a warrior. 
Maya clearly remembers how Caden ditched work and responsibilities only to spend a few more minutes with Maya, and this… just what is this? 
No matter how timid and kindhearted Talia is, this treatment will hurt her feelings. It's not fair. 
Maya cursed Alpha Damon under her breath. He was obviously taking advantage of Talia's docile nature. 
Maya will not allow Damon to hold Talia under his thumb. That won't happen. Not on her watch. 
Maya never meddled in Damon's private affairs, but she couldn't sit this one out. 
Talia is a kind girl who suffered a lot and Maya didn't want to allow Damon to hurt her. Of course, Damon wouldn't harm Talia on purpose because she is his mate, but his ignorance can hurt Talia. 
Maya knew very well that talking to Damon won't do any good, even if Maya reveals that she is aware Talia is Damon's mate. Damon is too stubborn to listen, but Maya has her ways, and she was determined to stand up for Talia. 
After all, this impacts not only Damon but the whole pack, because as Damon's mate, Talia is the best person to be their Luna. If the Moon Goddess paired them up, she must have her reasons. 
With all that in mind, Maya headed to the third floor of the packhouse. 
"Busy?", Maya asked when she peeked into Talia's room. 
"Not really.", Talia responded while keeping the book on the side. 
Maya walked into Talia's room and closed the door behind her, with the task to probe the situation. 
"Did you have fun with Alpha Damon today?" 
"Yes.", Talia responded with sparkles in her eyes. "We went to the amusement park. It was very lively." 
"Aww…", Maya said with a dreamy smile. "Caden took me there once before I became Beta officially, and I wish to go again. Tell me about the rides you took." 
Talia felt that something was off. Somehow, Maya's enthusiasm seemed forced. "Aren't you busy?" 
"What do you mean?" 
"When you came here, I thought that you need help with preparations for the festival. Are you done with work, and you came to chat?" Talia pursed her lips and responded to her questions before Maya could. "No. There is too much work. I thought that we are close enough and you don't need to beat around the bush. Tell me what you need, and I will help if I can." 
Maya couldn't believe that Talia saw through her. OK. Talia was off the mark about the reason, but it was true that Maya had a hidden agenda. 
"You are right. There is a lot of work, but it's mostly final touches and I delegated everything. They will contact me if there are any issues. I really wanted to hear how your day went with Alpha Damon. He can be overbearing and insensitive, so I was curious. That's it." 
Talia eyed Maya suspiciously but still responded. "Alpha Damon was fine. He let me pick the rides and we stopped for snacks. We would probably stay longer if not for this festival, but he said that we will go again." 
Talia skipped a few parts, but she didn't lie. 
"I see. Well, that's fine.", Maya gave up, seeing that Talia was stingy on the details. She had another strategy. "About the festival, do you have a plan when and where you will go?" 
Talia's troubled expression answered Maya's question. 
Eventually, Talia spoke, "I want to go, but everyone I know will be busy. I was hoping you can tell me the locations and timings of events so that I can go on my own. I don't want to burden anyone." 
Talia was embarrassed to bring up the point of not having any money, but she won't buy any knick-knacks and she will eat before leaving the packhouse, so there won't be a need for her to buy anything. Just seeing the festival should be enough. 
"What about Alpha Damon?", Maya asked. 
Talia didn't get it. "What about him?" 
"Do you want to go with him?" 
Talia's eyes widened for a moment and then she shook her head. "He will be busy and there will be guests. I will only be in the way. Don't worry about me, I will manage." 
There was also the detail related to potential rumors if anyone sees her with Damon. Holding hands and hugging when no one is watching is one thing but sticking close to him in public will only bring disaster. 
Talia's humility tugged on Maya's heartstrings and with every passing second, Maya's sadness morphed into anger. Damon was a bad mate! 
It was obvious to Maya that Talia was not aware of her position. As Damon's mate, it was Damon's responsibility to make Talia feel comfortable with him and others and to encourage Talia to take her rightful spot, by his side, as his Luna. 
That's what Caden did when he brought Maya to the Dark Howlers pack. Caden was sticking to Maya like a postage stamp and she never felt like an extra who will get in his way. 
With this, Maya understood the situation more-or-less, and she decided to act. 
"I assume you are free now.", Maya said. 
Talia thought about her book with sadness. It seems she won't do any reading today either. "Yes. I have a few hours until dinner preparations start." 
"Are you up for the tour I mentioned?" 
Talia blinked. "Now?" 
"We can start and see how much we cover until you need to report to the kitchen…" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 78 - Keith [Bonus ]
With Maya not taking a 'no' for an answer, Talia followed her out of the packhouse. 
They took a walk down the path that started on the left side of the driveway, and Maya was telling Talia about their destination. 
"I will take you to the training center first. Since Doctor Travis said that you can exercise in moderation, I wanted you to see the options…" 
In a few minutes, they passed several clearings which Maya explained are parts of the outdoor obstacle course. "Some training we take in our human form, and some are designed for our wolf form. Everyone who wants to train can, but you need to achieve certain results in order to qualify to run patrols and to be recognized as a warrior…" 
Talia listened attentively and she didn't realize at what point they reached in front of a long two-story-high building. 
Talia and Maya stepped inside, and Maya started her tour. 
"This is the training center. On the ground floor, if you take the hallway to the left, you will reach an Olympic-size swimming pool, on the right is the gym with mats, weights, and exercise machines, and straight ahead are dressing rooms. Normally, in wolf form, we prefer training outside, while as humans, the air-conditioned interior is better. Do you know how to swim?" 
Talia's brows furrowed. "I think I do. But it's ages since I did it, so…" 
Maya waved her hand, indicating that it's not important. "Don't worry about it. No one forgets how to swim. It will take you only a few seconds to remember. If you ever feel like it, I can lend you one of my swimsuits. Normally, I come for swimming once a week, but lately, we were busy. Maybe you can be my accountability partner and we can come together." 
Seeing Maya's expectant gaze, Talia nodded in agreement. 
"Great!", Maya exclaimed and continued her tour. "On the upper floor are offices and a lounge, and there is a bistro where you can get healthy snacks and protein shakes…" 
At the end of Maya's speech about the training center, Talia and Maya were in the women's dressing room. 
It was a big area with benches in the middle, and lockers along the walls. There was one door that led to the restrooms and another one with shower stalls. 
In one corner, some clothes were neatly folded, and Maya grabbed shorts and a sports bra and stuffed them in Talia's hands. "Put these on." 
"What about you?", Talia asked. 
Maya grinned. "I will change also." 
Talia wanted to check out the gym, but she didn't think she will get to use it so soon. Seeing that Maya was already undressing, Talia followed suit. 
The gym area was massive, and it was how Maya described it. There was an area with weights, and various machines such as treadmills, elliptical, stationary bicycles, rowing machines… there was something for everyone. And all gadgets were arranged along walls, leaving a big open space in the middle that had a thick mat covering the floor. 
Talia counted dozens of people in the gym. Mostly guys and a few women. Some exercised, and two men sparred on the mat. They were throwing punches at each other and dodging, and Talia's heart rate increased only by looking at them. 
The music from the speakers was loud, but Talia could clearly hear the 'pow' and 'thunk' sounds as punches and kicks met their target. It was raw and violent, and Talia was unable to look away. She was not sure if she was breathing. 
'Piiiii!' 
A loud whistle sounded when one of the two men who sparred was pinned to the mat, and only then Talia noticed the third person. 
It was a tall man in his mid-twenties with slightly curled short brown hair and sun-kissed skin. He had a whistle on a lanyard around his neck, and he was talking to the two men who just sparred like he was giving instructions. Talia observed his toned physique that was not hidden by shorts and a t-shirt, and she paused when he turned to look straight at her. 
Too embarrassed that she was caught staring, Talia glanced at Maya who gave her an encouraging smile while the man walked to them. 
"Is this Talia?", he asked, and Talia understood that Maya already spoke to him. How else would he know her name? 
"Yes. Talia, this is Keith. He has a degree in sports management, and he is an athletic trainer." Maya introduced Keith, and while Keith and Talia shook hands, Maya spoke to him. "Talia is new, and she wants to train. Travis told her that she can, but to take it easy and she needs to be supervised. Can you help her?" 
Keith gave a boyish grin. "You have come to the right place. I am the best personal trainer in the pack." 
Maya stifled a laugh. "He is the ONLY personal trainer in the pack." 
Keith made a face at Maya and then he eyed Talia top-to-bottom. "I see you are dressed for work. How about we start with a treadmill, and I take initial data? Based on that, I will come up with a training program." 
"OK.", Talia said nervously. She had no idea what to expect. 
Keith dashed to the room on the side and a few seconds later came out with a tablet and an armband. 
Keith put the armband on Talia's right arm and led the way toward the treadmills while explaining, "This will measure your heart rate, blood pressure, and oxygen levels." 
"You can start. I will go and get some bottled water.", Maya said and made herself scarce. 
"What are you trying to accomplish with exercise?", Keith asked Talia while starting the treadmill she was standing on. 
"Doctor Travis said that I need more muscle. And I want to learn to fight." 
Keith hummed while taking notes. "We will get you there. You have my word." 
Talia blinked at Keith's friendly smile and she thought how he reminded her of Doctor Travis, and of Olivia. It was a comforting smile that made her feel things will be alright. Somehow, she liked Keith already. 
From the second-floor lounge, Maya leaned on the rail while looking down. 
She could see Talia walking on the treadmill, and Keith with the tablet next to her, and she smiled in satisfaction when two more people approached them. Maya recognized them, Liam and Pierce. Shortly after, Caleb, Sandy, and Lulu also gathered. 
The music from the speakers didn't allow Maya to hear what they were saying, but based on the body language and gestures, Maya knew that they introduced themselves and were curious about Talia. They were all in their early twenties, and Talia fit in with them well. 
Unmated werewolves (like Liam and Pierce) don't need much to hit on a girl, and Talia is new so it's normal that everyone is interested, females included. 
People in the gym at this time are warriors, focused on training and camaraderie, and most of them are straightforward people who don't like scheming. They compete in skill, strength, and speed, and they all learned through their experience that the unit will rise and fall together as a team; that's why they are inclined to help the ones in need. 
Maya thought that this is the best bunch of people for Talia to mingle with. A supportive environment will help Talia gain confidence, and at the same time, she will get to interact with people who are not Damon. 
Maya wondered, how will those six react when they find out that they are talking casually with Alpha Damon's mate, their future Luna? 
Seeing that guys lingered more than necessary, an evil smile appeared on Maya's face. 
Maya had no desire to hook up Talia with a random guy, but Alpha Damon could use some competition. Even if Talia scores a date, no harm will be done. After all, Damon is a second-hand item, and it wouldn't be fair if he gets all Talia's firsts. 
The best part about the current situation was Talia's cute ignorance. Talia had no idea that she is Damon's mate, or that those guys are trying to leave a good impression. 
ively, Talia is a beautiful girl. A bit skinny by werewolf standards, but other than that, there was nothing wrong with her. Any werewolf would be happy to feed her. 
Talia was walking on the treadmill and she chatted with people who gathered around her. She didn't notice that Keith was gradually increasing the speed every few minutes. 
'Don't push her too much', Maya sent Keith a message through the mind-link. 'Her wolf is hurt and at this point, Talia is no more than a human.' 
'That explains a few things…', Keith mumbled back. He could already see that Talia was malnourished, and the bruise on her forearm spoke about violence. He felt sorry for Talia. 'Don't worry. I will keep that in mind.' 
Maya was confident that Keith knew what he was doing. After all, he attended college in a human city, and he is used to interacting with humans. 
In general, the Dark Howlers pack is open-minded in regard to other creatures, but there are still some who believe that werewolves are above others. 
As part of the efforts to dispel discrimination, Damon's parents started sponsoring promising youth to attend education in human schools, and Damon continued that tradition. 
That's how Keith got his education, just like Travis, and many others from the Dark Howlers pack. 
--- 
See Keith's photo in the comments! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 79 - Booked For The Festival
Talia was huffing and puffing when Keith stopped the treadmill. "I think we are done for today. I collected necessary data." 
Talia was embarrassed. She thought that she was running for hours, but the machine showed only 26 minutes. Talia started with a walk that gradually progressed into a jog, yet she felt like her soul will leave through her mouth and she was sweating profusely. 
She was not aware that she was that flimsy. Talia didn't lazy around, but she never ran or did anything physically taxing; that combined with her poor diet and mostly hiding in the attic, led to the outcome that she could literally feel her energy draining once she started to jog. 
Since Talia came to the Dark Howlers pack, things are better, but a few days are not enough to chip into years of neglect. 
Talia stumbled off the treadmill and sat on the floor. 
"Don't be discouraged.", Maya said while giving Talia a bottle of water. "We all started somewhere. You will see improvements as you practice, but it's important to continue and not overdo it because if you get injured, you will need to rest and heal and that's worse than taking it slow." 
Talia nodded. She couldn't find the strength to respond with words. 
"Let's hit the showers, and Keith will go through the data." 
Keith agreed with Maya and pointed upstairs. "I will meet you ladies in the lounge when you are done. We can go over the results as I introduce you to my latest berry-bonanza protein shake." He ended with a big grin. 
Talia wobbled to the dressing rooms and her shaky legs reminded her of that morning when Alpha Damon held her as they walked to the bench. His hold was solid, and she leaned on him, knowing that he won't let go. There was always a sense of security when she was close to Damon. 
Talia dispelled those thoughts. Alpha Damon was not here, and he is a busy man. 
What happened that morning was a one-time thing, and she shouldn't overthink it. Yes, Damon said that they will go again, but Talia didn't want to keep her hopes up because it will only lead to disappointment. 
Her motto is to appreciate what she has and not have expectations. That's how she will save herself from heartbreak. 
Talia moved after Maya and she wished for someone to support her now, or maybe to have a cane, because she felt like her legs will give up on her at any moment, and she will fall face first. She cheered internally when they entered the dressing room without an incident. 
When they stepped into the area with showers, Talia hesitated. 
There were no partitions. All walls, floor, and ceiling were covered in white tiles, there were vents on the ceiling, drains on the floor, and showerheads stuck out from the wall on the right that had several grooves which held toiletries and… no privacy. 
"You should undress.", Maya reminded Talia and when she saw Talia's frozen face, Maya giggled. "I can assure you that we have the same parts, and I won't bite. Come on. Keith is waiting. Put the sweaty clothes in that hamper…" 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath and started undressing while chanting to herself that this is normal and that she shouldn't be cautious about her body. 
Talia did her best not to stare at Maya's naked form. Maya is not a curvaceous type, her body is lean and toned, showing that she leads an active lifestyle. 
"How are you feeling?", Maya asked as they showered. 
"I'm beat. I really want to rest now.", Talia admitted, and she realized something. "Why are you showering? You didn't exercise." 
Maya shrugged. "I'm giving you company. Showering now means that I don't need to do it later, so I'm not losing anything. What do you think about Keith?" 
"He seems nice." 
"What about the others?" 
Talia knew that Maya asked about three guys and two women who approached her while she exercised. "They seem nice also. Friendly." 
"They are decent.", Maya said. "As you get to know more pack members, you will see that this is a good place to be." 
"Thank you for bringing me here." 
"No need to thank me, Talia. I'm glad this is working out for you." 
Maya felt guilty for not telling Talia the real reason why they came here. But telling Talia will only freak her out, and it won't make sense unless she tells Talia that Damon is her mate, and that's Damon's secret to tell. Ah, what a mess. 
Maya couldn't figure out why Damon didn't talk openly with Talia. The girl could obviously notice that Damon's behavior is odd, and without an explanation, who knows what Talia was thinking of him? 
During the shower, Maya told Talia that Keith owns a brand of protein shakes and is selling them online. "He treats us as guinea pigs by giving us to taste them before they hit the market." 
"Is that the berry-bonanza protein shake?" 
Maya confirmed and started telling Talia about some not-so-successful flavor blends. "He is experimenting in his kitchen, and then poisoning us here. The banana chocolate was fine, but caramel mint was horrible, and I had an upset stomach after taking a few sips of bacon-infused lime…" 
Talia laughed. Maya's expressions were comical. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
When Talia and Maya reached the lounge, they found that Keith was waiting for them with Liam, Pierce, Caleb, Lulu, and Sandy. 
Keith had protein shakes ready for Maya and Talia. "I made them myself." 
Talia took a sip reluctantly and she liked it. "This is good." 
Keith grinned. "It seems I have a winner." 
"What's in it?", Maya asked. 
"Other than protein powder and oatmeal, there is a number of berries like strawberries, bilberries, blackberries, pineapple…" 
"Pineapple?", Maya interrupted Keith. "How is that a berry?" 
Keith lifted his chin smugly. "Just so you know, pineapple IS a berry." 
Maya made a face. She really didn't know. 
After collecting feedback on his new recipe for the protein shake, aka the berry-bonanza, Keith moved with Talia to the side, to discuss in privacy her results. They were just on the next sofa, so any privacy was an illusion because others were using their werewolf hearing to listen in to their conversation. 
"I suggest that we start building your stamina. Once you can jog for fifteen minutes without feeling like you are going to pass out, we will add other exercises, and I will teach you some moves. I'm not much of a fighter, but if you learn everything I have to offer, you will be decent, and if you need more, you can ask one of those guys for pointers.", Keith gestured toward the sofa on their left where Maya was with Liam, Pierce, Caleb, Lulu, and Sandy. 
Talia was excited about learning to fight. 
"How often should I work out?" 
"If you can do it every day, that would be perfect. Keep in mind that rest is equally important. Don't skip sleep. We can start with half an hour in the gym and then gradually increase time and intensity. I will keep an eye on you while you train, as your personal trainer. I'm here almost every day." 
Talia had no ions. Keith was friendly and approachable, and she felt at ease talking to him. "When should I come tomorrow?" 
Keith was surprised. "Tomorrow?" 
"Is that a problem?" 
"It's not a problem. I admire your dedication. It's just that with the festival, I thought that you will want to have fun there, but if you have free time, I will meet with you in the gym." 
Talia realized that even though she has nothing planned, Keith probably does. "I don't know anyone, so I assumed…" She halted her explanation. It was not important. "That's fine. Let's meet in two days, or whenever you are free." 
Keith cocked an eyebrow in displeasure. "Didn't I say, I can make it? I have duties in the morning at the sports fields, but my afternoon is free, and other than hanging out at the festival, I have no other plans. How about this… we will meet for your session here at three o'clock in the afternoon, and after that, we will go to the festival together. Hm? I'm quite good with ring tossing and I can secure you a stuffed animal. And no matter what everyone else says, deep-fried mini donuts dipped in chocolate syrup go great with chilled beer, you will see." 
"That sounds perfect!", Maya chimed in, not trying to hide that she was eavesdropping. "Talia will be with me in the morning, and we will stop by to check out the games." 
"Don't just stop by.", Keith said. "I will be happy to secure for you ladies the best seats in the house." 
"Eh? What about best seats for us?", Sandy complained. She is a lady also. 
Keith rolled his eyes. "You will be on the field, playing." 
Pierce winked at Talia. "Cheer for us, OK?" 
"So, can we hang out after the games? My father will have a stall with ramen noodles because he is in his Japanese phase. We can have lunch there, to give him some business. What do you say?", Lulu asked. 
Talia saw that Liam, Pierce, Caleb, and Sandy were looking at her expectantly, and Maya gave her a thumbs up. 
Suddenly, Talia found her schedule for the festival full. She was not sure how she felt about it, but she didn't dislike it. Not even a little bit. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 80 - Scandalous Girl Talk
Talia rushed into the kitchen. 
After her exercise, she chatted with Maya, Keith, and with others in the lounge of the training center, and it was fun, but now she was running late. 
"Sorry, sorry…", Talia said breathily while entering the kitchen. She went straight to the pantry door which had a hook on the inside with aprons hanging. 
Talia started tying the apron around her and asked Stephanie, "Where should I start?" 
Talia paused at the sight of Stephanie who was cutting meat, and two Omegas. In her hurry, Talia didn't notice two other women in the kitchen. 
"Good that you are here, Talia. We could use extra hands.", Stephanie said and gestured with her chin toward Omegas. 
"That's Dawn." 
The young woman with the blonde pixie haircut who was peeling potatoes nodded. 
"That's Zina", Stephanie said, and the redhead with her hair pulled into a bun, who was at the sink washing vegetables, glanced at Talia, and nodded. 
Stephanie pointed with her chin toward the serving plate that was on the kitchen's island. 
"Talia, can you take this to the living room before you get messy?" 
Talia grabbed the serving plate that had crackers, cheese, and several different types of dried meats arranged around grapes. 
"Remove your apron. Just in case guests are there." 
Talia paused at Stephanie's words. 
"Someone is there?" 
Stephanie was not sure. "Alpha Maddox and future Alpha Axel arrived. Caden will meet with them in the living room, but I don't know if they got down already." 
Talia removed the apron and took a moment to compose herself before heading to the living room. 
'Even if someone is there, I can do this. I only need to put this on the coffee table and leave… I can do this…', Talia chanted internally. 
Talia's steps halted for a moment at the door of the living room. Two people were inside, a man and a woman. 
The man was burly with short dark hair and a goatee. His sportish suit didn't make him less intimidating. 
The woman had shiny brown hair reaching just below her shoulders, and she wore a white top and dark blue suit pants that ended with black stilettos. 
The duo was sitting in silence, each with a phone in their hands. 
Talia didn't want to attract attention. She lowered her head and made a beeline toward the coffee table. 
"Tch…", the young woman tched as Talia lowered the tray on the table, and on an instinct, Talia's gaze met the woman's golden-brown eyes who scrutinized her. 
"I didn't expect that the biggest pack in North America is employing child labor.", the woman said. 
"Mindy!", the man exclaimed in a reprimanding tone. 
"What?", she asked innocently. 
"Be quiet." 
Talia's eyes darted between two people, and she wondered if the woman was talking about her. Well, she might be skinny and smaller than werewolves of her age, but she doesn't look like a child. At least that's what Talia thought. 
Seeing that no one said anything else, Talia left the room in hurried steps. 
'Why did you raise your voice at me, Max? Don't embarrass me in front of kids.', Mindy asked her brother Maddox through the mind-link. 
Maddox rolled his eyes. 'She is not a child. That girl is obviously an adult, but malnourished and abused.' 
He saw the bruise on her arm (aka Cassie's handprint), and that Talia is skinny. That combined with Talia's timid behavior created the image of Talia's past. 
Mindy made a face. 'I didn't know.' 
'That much was obvious.', Maddox responded curtly, and a second later continued in a calmer tone. 'I know that you are proud of our pack, but don't try to antagonize the Dark Howlers pack. If Alpha Damon heard this, he wouldn't like it.' 
Mindy rolled her eyes. 'Alpha Damon this, Alpha Damon that. If I don't know better, I would think that you are in love with him.' 
Maddox grunted in disapproval. If that was said by anyone other than his sister, heads would be flying. 
'Control your mouth, Mindy. Especially in front of Alpha Damon.' With that, he returned his attention to the phone in his hand. 
Alpha Maddox is the Alpha of the Blue River pack. They are neighbors to the Dark Howlers pack. 
In terms of size, the Blue River pack is about tenth in North America, but they are first in terms of taking care of werewolves who don't have a place to go. That includes orphans, homeless, disabled, victims of abuse, and werewolves who have mental issues. 
Maddox has a good heart but taking care of those people costs a lot of money, and Damon is his biggest financial supporter. 
Alpha Maddox came here with an intention to discuss several new initiatives and to improve their relationship further, and if he knew that his willful sister would cause problems the moment they arrived, he would leave her at home. 
Since she was fourteen years old, Mindy traveled across North America, visiting other packs, and finding stranded werewolves. She is the biggest ambassador for sheltering vulnerable werewolves, but the amount of pride she takes in her work and the Blue River pack sometimes make her appear unpleasant. 
In the kitchen… 
Talia pushed the incident from the living room to the back of her mind and focused on tasks that Stephanie assigned to her. 
They had things roasting and baking, and this was the first time for Talia to see all four ovens working simultaneously. The pots and pans on the stove were frying and simmering, while four women worked on sauces, dressings, stuffings, and the whole kitchen smelled delicious. 
Talia loved that Stephanie played some pop music, so they were humming and swaying while working. It was harmonious. 
Suddenly, Stephanie wiped her hands with haste and reached for her back pocket. She glanced at her phone. "I need to take this… Zina, watch the sauce so it doesn't burn. It needs to be stirred on every minute or so. Dawn, keep an eye on the pastry. It's almost done. Talia, finish the salad…" And with that, Stephanie left. 
"Do you think we will get a chance to bring food to the dining room?", Dawn asked in a half-whisper when Stephanie was out of the earshot. 
Zina rolled her eyes. "You are still hopeful?" 
Dawn shrugged. "There is nothing wrong with hoping." 
"What are you hoping for?", Talia asked reluctantly. She wanted to be part of the conversation. 
Dawn glanced in the direction where Stephanie left before inching closer to Talia and speaking in a low voice, "This is one of the rare occasions when high-ranking members of other packs are here. What if one of them is my mate?" 
"Dream on.", Zina said teasingly. 
"I am dreaming, my dear.", Dawn responded to Zina in a singing voice. "But keep in mind that sometimes, dreams come true." She turned to Talia. "Don't listen to Zina. She is a grumpy one because she is twenty-five years old and still searching for true love. I'm only twenty, so there is still plenty of hope for me. A lot of people coming from other packs are unmated because other than for fun, games, and pack business, they are also hoping to find their mate. Imagine if that's you. I mean… one day you are mixing the salad, and the next day you are a Luna. Hmm? And it's more than just being a Luna. All those guys are hunkalicious. I would kill to have one of them dote on me." Dawn said while waggling her eyebrows at Talia. 
"Good luck.", Talia responded with an awkward smile. 
"See? Talia also doesn't believe in your nonsense.", Zina said with a smirk, and she leaned on the kitchen island with her arms crossed over her chest, silently challenging Dawn. 
"Oh, no, no…", Talia said with haste. "It's not that I don't believe in it, it's just that… the chances for something like that are very slim, and I'm dealing with so many things that romance is the last on my mind." 
Dawn gave Talia a knowing look. "Well, if one of those manly men is your mate, many of the things you are dealing with would just disappear. Powerful guys can do that. And who said anything about romance? I don't need dinner and flowers. For that, I can cook myself or pluck a few blooms from the garden. I'm talking here about raw and unrestrained sex. Pure carnal pleasures with endless orgasms without apologizing. All night long, baby!" 
Dawn moved her hips in a humping motion, and Zina burst into giggles. 
A moment later, Talia also started laughing. 
Talia never had these scandalous girl-talks, but more than paying heed to her discomfort, Talia was glad that the mood in the kitchen was good. 
Dawn and Zina talked to her in a friendly way and joked, and Talia hoped that she made two more friends. Combined with Keith and five other people from the training center, that makes it eight. Talia was pleased with his progress. 
Dawn was goofing around while hugging her invisible lover made out of the air, and Talia remembered the man from the living room (aka Alpha Maddox). 
What if he announced that Talia is his mate when she brought the tray with snacks? He was big and intimidating, and he even raised his voice at the woman who accompanied him (aka Mindy). 
Talia couldn't imagine her reaction if Alpha Maddox claimed her as his mate. Would she collapse and pee her pants, or stand rooted in the spot? Maybe her survival instincts would kick in and she manages to run away. Scary. She decided to avoid them at any cost. 
"Hey…", Zina called Talia. "Is it true that you are staying in the packhouse?" 
Talia paused, unsure if that's a good thing or not, but she didn't want to lie. "How do you know?" 
"Rita told us.", Zina said. "She is cleaning the rooms and she saw you a few times, and we know that no new Omega appeared in the common buildings, so I guessed. This pack is huge, but we who come to the packhouse are few in numbers and we all know each other. You are a new face, so we got curious." 
Talia saw that both Zina and Dawn were looking at her expectantly, and she feared what question will come next. She didn't expect it will come from behind. 
"Did the sauce burn?", Stephanie asked when she entered the kitchen, and Zina swiftly moved to the stove and started stirring the pot in question. 
Dawn was already checking the pastry that was baking in the oven, and Talia was mixing already over-mixed salad. 
Zina released a breath of relief before responding, "The sauce is fine." 
Stephanie definitely saw them chatting and if anything burned, Stephanie would scold them. 
--- 
Check out Alpha Maddox's and Mindy's photos in the comments. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 81 - Stay Away From Alphas
To Dawn's and Zina's pleasure, Talia avoided taking dishes into the dining room. 
Talia didn't want to meet that intimidating man (aka Alpha Maddox), or other people that were there. 
Besides scary guests, there was also the unpredictable Alpha Damon. 
Talia was not sure how she would react if Damon tells her to eat with them at the table. Talia didn't feel like she belongs there and sitting at that table with Alphas and their high-ranking members will definitely be uncomfortable. On the other hand, if Damon doesn't invite her, she will feel neglected. 
Talia was aware that Alpha Damon and his circle are way out of her league, and that it shouldn't come as a surprise that he ignores her when others are present, but part of her was not willing to be treated differently depending on the audience. 
It would be better if Alpha Damon was always indifferent toward her, but during the time they spent together, Talia got to see different sides of Damon, and his episodes of kindness touched her heart. 
Talia feared that while the more important people are in the packhouse, Damon will look at her in the same way he did when Cassie accused her of stealing food. If that happens, Talia's heart will shatter into pieces. 
Talia was not sure if staying away was the right thing to do, but she was determined to avoid Alpha Damon and the guests, to the best of her abilities. 
It's only for a day or two; she will manage. After that, they will return to normal, whatever that 'normal' is. 
Stephanie already said that she will eat in the kitchen, and Talia was determined to join her. While they plated food on serving trays, Talia and Stephanie put food on the side for themselves, and Dawn and Zina were packing dinner in containers to carry into their apartments. There was plenty for everyone. 
"Aww…nothing this time…", Dawn was deflated as she returned to the kitchen and Zina rolled her eyes dramatically. 
"No luck?", Talia asked even though she knew the answer. 
"No.", Dawn said dejectedly. "Axel is a looker. He can't be older than twenty-three years old. I really wished that we click." 
"He smiled at you.", Zina reminded her. 
Dawn cheered up. "Yeah. Maybe I have a chance. I heard that he will stay for three days." 
"We are done here, right?", Zina asked Stephanie who confirmed. 
"Yes. I will see you at six-thirty in the morning so that we work on breakfast. Don't be late." 
Zina and Dawn grabbed containers with food that they previously packed. They got extra and are planning to share with their roommates. 
"Talia", Zina called. "Will you come to the Shifters tonight?" 
Talia blinked. "Shifters?" 
"Ah, she is new.", Dawn reminded Zina and spoke to Talia, "Shifters is the hottest nightclub in the area. It's a bit of a drive, because it's on the border of our territory but it's totally worth it. Everyone will be there. That's a perfect chance to mingle with hot stuff from other packs, and even humans come in large numbers." 
Talia didn't want to reject the invitation, even though she had no intention of going. "I will come if I can." 
"Great! Come and join us dancing the night away. Treat me well, Talia because you never know, I might be Luna in the morning!" Dawn paused and turned to Stephanie. "Don't worry. Even if that happens, I will be here on time to help with breakfast." 
Zina and Talia giggled at Dawn's cheeky remark that was a total contrast to Stephanie's unamused expression. 
After saying their goodbyes, Zina and Dawn left, leaving Stephanie and Talia behind who had their own mini-feast spread on the kitchen island. 
Stephanie poked a salad and shook her head. "Kids. They will stay away from those Alphas if they know what's good for them." 
Talia didn't understand. She heard stories about how women swarm over Alphas. After all, Alphas are the most powerful werewolves, and she-wolves are attracted to power. 
Talia thought how if she had more confidence, she would also hope to catch the eye of an Alpha. Or maybe a general. Why did Stephanie talk like that was a bad thing? 
"What do you mean?" 
Stephanie chewed slowly for some time before responding. "Messing with Alpha who is not your mate will not bring anything good. Do you know that there are two types of bonds between mates?" 
"I'm not too familiar with the topic.", Talia admitted. 
"In the case where mates are blessed by the Moon Goddess, the bond will strengthen after they mark each other, giving them power boost. This is the bond everyone dreams about. However, there is another one, mates out of choice. In this case, the bond doesn't exist between a couple who marks each other. After the marking ceremony, the bond will form, but compared to the bond between destined mates, their bond will be weak and it won't bring any increase in power, no matter how much they love each other. For Alphas, power is very important. That's why every Alpha will search for his mate to make her his Luna. Unfortunately, that means whichever girl ends up tangled with those boys, unless they are mates, she will be left behind." 
Talia understood the point, but it made her uncomfortable. "Are all Alphas power-hungry?" 
"For Alphas, this is beyond the selfish search for power. An Alpha is responsible for his pack members. Alpha can be challenged to a duel. Normally, the challenger will be an Alpha and the defeated one will lose the right to lead his pack, assuming that he survives. Can you imagine how the losing pack members will be treated after being absorbed? Unless you have the strength of a ranked member, you will fall below Omegas." 
Talia forgot to chew her food. She knew very well what it means to be below Omegas. 
"Did Alpha Damon fight in those duels?", Talia asked after some time. 
"Many.", Stephanie said. "When he took over the pack, challengers were coming one after another with the hope to beat him and take over the Dark Howlers pack." 
"And?", Talia wanted to hear more. 
"As you can see, we are still standing.", Stephanie said with some pride in her voice. "At first, Alpha Damon would just injure challengers and send them back without taking anything from them. He just wanted us to be left alone. But soon they started coming back, and some even used sneaky methods to gain an unfair advantage. Alpha Damon was enraged, and he started taking lives and absorbing packs. He built quite a reputation for himself. That's why no one dares to challenge him, and we are the largest pack on the continent. His parents would be proud." 
Stephanie let out a long breath before continuing, "Alpha Damon is a wonderful Alpha. The only thing lacking is for him to find a woman and settle down. It will be nice to see little ones running through this house again." 
Talia felt a pang in her chest. A woman to settle down. Damon has many to pick from, and he will probably pick one soon. 
Was he waiting to find his mate like other unmated Alphas? Well, princess Marcy and Cassie were proof that he was definitely not waiting idly. And Talia was confident that there are many other women, just like those two. 
Somehow, Talia felt sorry for Marcy and Cassie and other girls who are serving Alpha Damon in bed because if they are not Damon's mate (and they probably are not), it means that Damon will not make them his Luna, no matter how desperate they are, yet they are still hoping. 
Talia understood that if Dawn gets together with an Alpha who is not her mate, even if they love each other, he will probably not make her his Luna, which means that she will be just a bed warmer, a temporary fun. 
Is there a woman who will be happy with a relationship that is doomed for failure? Talia was not sure. But she knew that she was hoping to find her own happy ending, someday. And that happy ending didn't include being discarded when the real mate appears. 
Talia's heart ached. How was that different from what she was doing with Alpha Damon? There was only an invisible wall between them because they didn't do anything physically (other than hugging and holding hands), but Talia was painfully aware that Alpha Damon has a space in her heart, no matter how much she was trying to cover up that fact by telling herself how whatever is happening is temporary and it doesn't mean anything. Once he finds his Luna, heartbreak will be inevitable. Her heartbreak. 
What Talia didn't know was that when scolding Alphas for romancing while waiting for their Luna, Stephanie was talking about herself, actually, about her daughter, Lisa. 
For the last three years (how much Stephanie knows), Lisa is dating Anthony, the future heir of the Lightclaw pack. It's the pack where Lisa is living currently, with Stephanie's sister and brother-in-law. 
Anthony is a good boy, and he is treating Lisa well. Unfortunately, he is the only son of Alpha Magnus and is set to inherit his father's position as the Alpha, and that means he will commit to the girl who is his destined mate given by the Moon Goddess. 
Why is that a problem? Because Lisa is nineteen years old, and Anthony is one year older, and that means that both of them can recognize their mate, yet Tony didn't acknowledge Lisa as his future Luna. 
Of course, Lisa didn't talk about it, but Stephanie is aware that if Tony and Lisa are mates, everyone would know about it because Alpha finding his Luna is a big deal. There is a belief that if Luna is Alpha's destined mate, the pack will prosper, and no one would delay announcing this and throwing a big party to cheer up the pack. 
Stephanie is aware that Lisa is waiting for Anthony to announce her as his Luna, but every passing day without that happening confirms that Anthony is waiting (and possibly searching) for his destined mate. 
How long will this situation last? How long will Anthony wait for his Luna? Does he have a deadline? No one has answers to these questions. 
Some Alphas wait until their mid-thirties before they pick a mate in order to produce an heir. 
It's normal for Stephanie to worry about her daughter, but on a few occasions when she tried talking to Lisa about this, Lisa threw a tantrum. 
Before her eighteenth birthday, Lisa was convinced that Anthony is her mate, after all, they were crazy about each other. However, now that Lisa's eighteenth birthday passed, Lisa believes that Anthony will choose her, and Stephanie's heart is aching at the thought that Tony might find his destined mate and leave Lisa in shambles. 
Of course, there is a chance that Lisa will find her mate, but at this point, Lisa is totally obsessed with Tony. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 82 - Who Is Qualified To Sit By Damon’s Side
"Oh, dear…" 
Talia heard Stephanie say through her haze of conflicting emotions. 
"Those two girls forgot this side dish. Can you take it to the dining room? Hurry before they finish with their meal…" 
Talia was not willing, but she already avoided several rounds of taking food to the dining room and saying 'no' to Stephanie didn't sound like a good option. 
… 
In the dining room… 
Maya was in the role of a host because Damon and Caden were still in the study, doing final checks on the security. 
Alpha Maddox and future Alpha Axel were at the table with Maya when Mindy entered the dining room. 
Mindy was irritated because she planned to make a grand entrance by being moderately late, yet Alpha Damon was still not there, and no one started eating so… she was not late at all. 
"Where should I sit?", Mindy asked, and her sight fell on the head of the table that was empty. "Is Alpha Damon sitting there?" 
Maya confirmed and Mindy went in that direction. 
Alpha Maddox frowned, thinking that Mindy will sit on Damon's seat. Who knows what his prideful sister was thinking? She was complaining before dinner how Alpha Damon was disrespectful for not coming to greet them. 
Alpha Maddox let out a breath of relief when he saw that she sat on the chair that will be on Damon's left, but in the next moment, he noticed that Maya's expression flashed with displeasure while looking at Mindy. Of course, he didn't know that his sister sat on Talia's seat, but he guessed that the spot is reserved for someone. 
"Mindy, how about you sit next to me?", Alpha Maddox asked while patting the backrest of the empty chair on his right. 
Mindy cocked an eyebrow. "I see you every day, and we came here to expand our network and talk about business. Like this, I can chat with Alpha Damon." She saw that her brother was about to , and she lifted her chin. "Are you going to tell me that there is someone more qualified than me to sit by Alpha Damon's side?" 
They all turned to the door to see a figure standing there. It was Talia. 
Alpha Maddox was surprised that he didn't feel Talia's presence until she got into his visual range. And it was the same that afternoon. Naturally, that made him wish to know more about Talia. 
Unaware of Alpha Maddox's thoughts, Talia's eyes moved over the table, and she found enough space to place the side dish she was holding. 
"Talia…", Maya called when she saw that Talia took a step away from the table, obviously wanting to leave when her hands were free. "Will you join us for a meal?" 
Subconsciously, Talia glanced at the spot where Damon would sit. It was empty. But the seat on his left was not empty and Talia's heart tightened at the sight of Mindy who projected confidence. 
Mindy was dressed up with her hair and makeup done, and she really looked like she belonged there. 
When she reached the door, Talia heard a female saying how there is no one more qualified than her to sit by Damon's side, and now Talia connected that voice with the face, and… she agreed. Mindy looked more put together than Talia ever was. 
It shouldn't hurt, Talia knew that this was coming. She was nobody, a temporary entertainment, a person to keep him company until someone else comes… and now that another woman sat in that place, it hurt, and Talia's eyes dimmed as she lowered her head. 
"Oh, your Omegas eat at the table with you? How generous", Mindy said to Maya, her words sending needles straight to Talia's already bleeding heart. 
While looking blankly at her own feet, Talia answered Maya's question in a small voice. "I'm having my meal in the kitchen. If you excuse me…" 
Maya let out a dejected sigh when Talia left the dining room. 
Alpha Maddox pinched the roof of his nose, and spoke to Mindy through their mind-link, 'Why can't you keep your mouth shut?' 
'Did I say something wrong? Omegas eating with ranked members and guests at the same table is progressive. That was a compliment.' 
Maddox shook his head. Yes, it would be a compliment, but Maya's reaction told him that something is off. And this was the second time for his sister to offend Talia. 
"Who is that girl?", Alpha Axel asked while his eyes still lingered at the door through which Talia disappeared. 
"She just joined recently.", Maya responded with her story ready. "Her name is Talia. She came from the North and was looking for a pack, so we took her in." 
Alpha Axel nodded absentmindedly, and Maya saw that Alpha Maddox was also listening intently. Maya wondered if she missed something important because it seemed that both Maddox and Axel showed interest in Talia. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon and Caden entered the room and Damon said without sincerity, "Sorry to keep you waiting." 
He really didn't care, but he said it because he noticed that everyone's plates were clean. 
Damon was not in a good mood because with all the guests around, they had extra work related to patrols and security, and he was feeling uneasy the whole afternoon and it was only getting worse. 
Instead of being with these people, he wanted to go into Talia's room and cuddle until he feels better. 
However, Damon ignored his guests for the whole afternoon and if he ditches dinner also, it would be super-rude, so he decided to come, eat quickly, and then join Talia. 
Damon reminded himself that he is the host, and this is only a day or two, and he shouldn't be tactless to the point of damaging the relationships between packs. 
"It's good to have you here again.", Damon said to Maddox, and he glanced at Mindy and gave her a small nod to acknowledge her presence before turning to Axel with, "Where are your guys?" 
"Beta and Gamma are with the rest of my pack members, keeping an eye on them. They are excited about tomorrow's game, and we don't want to risk any incidents." 
This was the first time for Damon and Axel to meet in person. So far, they exchanged emails and attended video conferences, and a few times when Damon interacted with the representatives of the Midnight Guardians pack in person, that was with Axel's father, Alpha Isaac. 
"Make yourself at home. If you are lacking anything, let me or my Betas know.", Damon said to what Axel nodded in understanding. 
In bigger packs, the hierarchy of ranked members is complex with multiple levels, and that would be the case with Dark Howlers also if Damon had more people he trusts. 
The Midnight Guardians pack has a pair of Alphas leading them, Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia. 
Pair of Alphas means that both mates are equal, in everything. In the Midnight Guardians pack, Alpha Isaac is focusing on external relationships, while Alpha Sophia tends to matters within the pack. Below Alphas are Betas and then Gammas. The other ranked members have specializations like generals (who lead warriors), librarians (in charge of education), etc. 
The Midnight Guardians pack is mysterious, and no one knows exactly where their headquarters are or how many pack members they have. 
It's an ancient pack, and there are many stories about it, one more fantastic than the other. Some say that many generations ago, the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack was mated to a witch and they have unnaturally long lifespans, and some say that it was a vampire, and there are rumors that they have a fairy bloodline that grants them mystical powers and their eyes glow silvery when they shift into their wolf form. 
Damon believes that those stories are rubbish, probably started by the members of the Midnight Guardians pack themselves in order to keep others at bay. After all, the biggest fear is of the unknown, and only a fool would rush to invade territory without knowing who all is guarding it. In a way, Damon admires their strategy. 
Damon greeted Mindy officially and sat in his seat. He met Mindy a few times before, but that was years ago when she was a teen, and he was a green Alpha. This was the first time for her to visit the Dark Howlers pack. 
"Alpha Damon…", Mindy stated chit-chat while putting food on her plate. Damon doesn't care about protocols, but in many packs, no one will eat before Alpha. 
"I see that you are opening up to taking in she-wolves who were abused. That's very admirable.", Mindy was talking about Talia. 
Damon didn't understand the cause of that comment, so he gave a generic response. "The Dark Howlers pack was always accepting people in need of help. It's just that some cases are more complex than others and when we feel that we can't handle it, we reach out to the Blue River pack for assistance. Alpha Maddox is an undeniable expert." 
Damon nodded toward Alpha Maddox who nodded in return. It was obvious that the two Alphas respect each other and their relationship is good. 
"It's good that you can admit that others are more qualified.", Mindy said with a smirk. 
Damon paused cutting the meat on his plate and cocked an eyebrow at Mindy. "This is not about pride, but about doing what's best for people in need." 
Mindy was saying something, but Maya's voice in Damon's head through the mind-link was much louder, 'Don't you think that something is missing?' 
Damon didn't get it. 'What's missing?' 
Maya cleared her throat. 'Shouldn't SOMEONE else sit in that place?' 
Damon realized that Maya was talking about Talia. 'Isn't she having dinner in her room?' 
Talia normally ate food in her room, and he didn't think much about her absence. He was thinking of going to her room after dinner, and he would bring food anyway. He loved to watch her eat. 
'Talia was serving us, and Mindy.', Maya emphasized this last part. 'She said that she will not join us at the table, but instead, she will eat in the kitchen. Like an Omega.' 
Maya twisted it a bit, but all the facts were there. 
Damon had no idea what Maya was trying to say, but he understood that Talia was having her meal in the kitchen. 
--- 
Photos of Alpha Maddox and Mindy are attached as comments to chapter 80, and here you can see in comments future Alpha Axel. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 83 - Lifting The Mood
In the kitchen… 
Talia was pushing the food on her plate. 
She couldn't describe the agonizing feeling that gnawed on her insides. 
Talia thought how not so long ago she was stuck in an attic, alone, and hungry, believing that only if she could have a safe place that is clean and comfortable, and some good food, she will be happy. Yet now that she is here, with all this delicious food in front of her, without danger of being bullied, with a comfortable bed upstairs… she was not happy. 
And why is that? Is it only because one woman took the place that never belonged to Talia? 
No, that didn't sound right. 
Over the years, Talia met many who pointed out how they are above Talia while she is nothing, yet it never hurt this much. 
Talia wondered if she was greedy. Surely, her current situation is a big upgrade compared to what she had. Why is she nitpicking? Why is her heart aching? 
"Is the food not to your liking?", Stephanie asked, and Talia sucked in a breath. 
'I need to keep it together or Stephanie will start asking questions to which I don't have answers and I don't want her to misunderstand me.' 
Talia was confident that if she tells Stephanie (or anyone else) the reason behind her dejection, they will laugh at her for wishing something that will never be hers. 
"No, the food fine. I'm full so I slowed down.", Talia responded with a forced smile. 
Stephanie didn't buy it. "You were eating fine before you took that last side dish into the dining room. Did something happen?" 
"Nothing happened.", Talia denied it. 
Stephanie eyed Talia suspiciously. "Are you sure?" 
"Of course." Talia did her best to sound enthusiastic. 
"Talia, why are you eating here?", Damon asked from the door stiffly. 
Talia looked at Damon and her stomach formed a hundred painful knots as all her insecurities resurfaced. 
Why did he look angry? Is he telling her not to eat? Or is this the part where he tells her to scram because he found himself another woman? Only that morning he asked her not to leave him, yet it seems that he forgot about all that. 
"Where should she eat?" It was Stephanie who asked. 
"In the dining room.", Damon responded without removing his gaze from Talia. 
Talia lowered her head and pressed her lips into a line. 
Why was Damon telling her to go there? 
Will he ask Miss Mindy to move so that Talia can have her usual seat? That was not very likely. 
He will probably tell Talia to sit somewhere else. 
Will Damon hold Miss Mindy's hand under the table? Is that why he wants Talia to go there? So that she can see how Miss Mindy is the right woman to sit by Alpha Damon's side? After all, no one is more worthy of sitting in that chair than Miss Mindy. 
Talia's heart tightened and she felt her eyes stinging. Is she going to cry? Will that make him happy? Will he even care? 
"It's fine, Alpha Damon.", Talia responded while focusing mightily to control her voice so that it doesn't shake. "Thank you for your concern, but I'm done with my meal." 
Talia took her plate that was still more than half full and placed it in the sink. 
"Stephanie, I will clean up later." 
Talia moved to leave the kitchen and Damon blocked her path. "Where are you going?" 
"To my room, unless you have something that needs to be done, Alpha." 
Damon looked into Talia's eyes and the ache in his chest increased. Why did she look at him like he did something wrong? Is it possible that she wants to get away from him? 
"Alpha Damon, can we have a word?", Stephanie called, and Talia used this chance to go around Damon and dash upstairs. 
"I told you to let her go. Why is Talia still in the packhouse?", Stephanie asked when Talia was out of the earshot. 
Damon was irritated. Why did she insist that Talia needs to leave the packhouse? 
"And where do you want me to send her?" 
"Anywhere is better than here.", Stephanie responded. "And before you snap at me, let me tell you something. Talia was in a good mood before she went to the dining room. Something happened and she returned absentminded and… broken." 
"Maya was there. No one would dare to bully her.", Damon responded, unsure if Stephanie was exaggerating. 
"Unlike you, Talia is a sensitive child who endured years of abuse. She doesn't need to be hit physically in order to feel the pain." 
Damon snorted and moved to leave the kitchen. 
"Where are you going?", Stephanie called in a raised voice, just how Damon's mother would when she was reprimanding him. 
"After Talia." 
"And do, what? Order her to join you for dinner?" 
That's exactly what Damon wanted to do. If Talia didn't want to say what was bothering her, Damon would make her stick to him until she talks. Actually, he would rather cuddle but Talia was not in a good mood, and it seems that she didn't eat much, so he would bring her to the dining room and make her eat until he was satisfied. Or maybe it's better if he takes food upstairs. 
But he knew that Stephanie would not approve, so he lied. "No." Why did she treat him like he is the bad guy? 
Stephanie could see that he lied. 
"Unless you have a plan that doesn't include making it more difficult for Talia, I suggest you leave her alone. Or at least give her some time for both of you to calm down." 
Damon nodded stiffly and his legs carried him back to the dining room. 
He really didn't have a plan other than forcing Talia to eat and talk. Sure, he wouldn't be violent, but he didn't have any soft techniques that would make her spill the beans either. 
Damon sat in his chair and stared murderously at the food on his plate, like the food has answers, and refuses to talk. 
"My brother told me about the Shifters nightclub.", Mindy said to Damon. "Can we go there tonight?" 
"You can go wherever you want.", Damon responded right away. 
"You will join us, right?", Mindy asked. "We need to show to our pack members that we are getting along well." She glanced at Alpha Axel. "All of us should go." 
Seeing that Axel nodded in agreement, Damon let out a long exhale. He didn't want to go, but he can show up and leave after five minutes. No one can force him to stay longer. "Sure." 
'Where is Talia?', Maya's voice sounded in Damon's head through their mind-link. 
'In her room. She said that she was done with food.', Damon responded. 
'And you believed her?' 
Damon lifted his gaze and saw Maya's displeased look directed his way from across the table. 
'What happened before I arrived?', Damon asked Maya. 
'If you came here on time, or paid more attention to your surroundings and Talia, you would know.', Maya responded and stood up. "I have a few things to do, so if you excuse me…" 
"Will you join us at the nightclub tonight?", Mindy asked Maya. 
"I wouldn't miss it for the world." 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
There was knocking on the door and Talia pushed herself up into a seated position and wiped the tears before responding, "Yes?" 
"Can I come in?", Maya asked, and got in before Talia responded. 
Maya sat on the bed next to Talia before asking, "How are you doing?" 
"Fine." 
Maya knew that Talia lied. Her eyes were red and puffy, it was obvious that Talia was crying. 
"When a girl feels down, there is only one thing to do." 
Talia blinked. "What?" 
"Give me a minute…", Maya said and disappeared into Talia's closet. 
A minute later, Maya came out with some garments draped over her arm. "Come with me, Talia. I want to give you a makeover." 
"Will that lift my mood?" 
Maya smiled mischievously. "No. But an evening of drinking and dancing will." 
Talia's face fell. Drinking? Dancing? She never did any of those! But Maya was dragging her out of the room, and she followed obediently. 
… 
Damon was getting impatient. He knocked on Talia's door several times and there was no response, and he couldn't pick up her scent either. 
He cracked the door open. "Talia?" Nothing. 
Damon stuck his head inside and looked around. The light was on, but there was no sign of Talia, so he let himself in. 
He kept the plate with food on the coffee table and checked the bathroom and the closet, only to confirm that Talia was not there. 
Damon stood in the middle of Talia's room while panic washed over him. 
Did she leave? He couldn't breathe. And why was his wolf non-responsive in this moment of crisis? 
'MAYA! CADEN!', Damon roared into the mind-link. 'TALIA IS MISSING!' 
'Oh. It took you a while to notice.', Maya responded, and Damon saw red. 
'WHERE IS TALIA?' 
'She is not missing.', Caden responded before Maya could add more oil to the fire. They were in their room with Talia, and Caden wondered if Maya wants to make Damon blow up the whole packhouse while she flat-irons Talia's hair. 
'Where is Talia?' Damon was irritated that they are not telling him the location so that he can go and fetch Talia. Should he go to their room? 
After a second of silence, Caden responded, 'Talia is safe, having some girl time.' 
Damon couldn't believe this. Girl time? What does that even mean? 
But she was not missing, and that was a good thing. 
'Why are you looking for Talia?', Maya asked. 'Don't you need to go to the Shifters with your guests? Don't tell me that you will push that responsibility also on your Betas. We are slaving the whole day and need time to unwind.' 
Damon was happy to get away from the dinner table and arrange a plate of food for Talia. 
Talia was upset when she left the kitchen, but Damon gave her time to calm down, and he came with food to placate her. He hoped that will be enough for Talia to see his sincerity. 
With all those thoughts about Talia, he forgot about the guests and the nightclub. 
Damn it! But he will make it quick. By the time he is back, Talia will be done with her girl time (whatever that is) and available for cuddling. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 84 - The Shifters Nightclub (1)
~ the Shifters nightclub ~ 
Talia followed Maya through the dark hallway, and the thumping of the base was getting stronger with every step they took. 
The moment a bulky guy opened the door for them, the electro house music assaulted Talia's ears and she winced. 
It took her a moment to compose herself and observe the massive area while trailing only a few inches behind Maya, fearing that if they separate, she won't be able to find her in the crowd that was moving with the music. 
Talia frowned at the intensity of various scents that entered her system. Perfumes, sweat, alcohol. Even for someone without werewolf-enhance senses, it was overwhelming. 
The space was dark and colorful lights glided over the heads of people who filled the place. Talia couldn't see how big the nightclub is, but she estimated at least several hundred people present. It was very lively. 
Everyone was doing their thing, but somehow, people parted to make way for them. 
Talia was not aware that Maya was using her Beta aura to notify others of their presence. Werewolves have strong instincts of not blocking the way of someone who is more powerful. 
Talia focused mightily not to stumble because this was her first time wearing shoes with a heel, and the fact that her legs were sore after the exercise Keith put her through, didn't help. 
Talia didn't feel any discomfort before because she was moving, but during the makeover, she was sitting while Maya did her hair and makeup, and Talia could feel her muscles throbbing more by the minute, and she hoped that it will stop, but so far, it was only getting worse. By the time they were ready to go, Talia's legs were in a bad shape yet Talia didn't dare to say anything to Maya, fearing that it will spoil the mood. 
Only when they stopped at the bar, and two people conveniently stood up from the barstools so that Talia and Maya can sit, Talia took mental notes of what others were wearing. 
Talia observed several scarcely dressed females and realized that her lack of skin coverage doesn't stand out, but even though her tight-fitting black leather pants and the silvery tank top that ended above her navel covered all the important parts, Talia never felt so exposed before. 
When thinking about the image of herself in the mirror before they left, Talia couldn't recognize herself. Her hair was ironed flat neatly, and it looked a few inches longer than usual. Maya applied light makeup, to accentuate Talia's honeyed eyes and full lips, without making them stand out too much. After some blush on the cheeks, and concealer on Talia's arm (to hide the bruise that Cassie left behind), Talia was not sure who was that girl who looked back at her from the mirror. 
The styling and clothes gave her confidence and Talia straightened her back. If she didn't know that was her, Talia would imagine a sophisticated young woman who was ready for a night out. 
But now the mirror was not there, Talia's insecurities bubbled to the surface, and she wished to become invisible. 
Maya noticed that Talia hugged herself to cover up the bare skin of her midsection. 
"Don't worry, Talia, you look great. Try to relax and enjoy." 
Talia responded with a stiff smile and her eyes gravitated to the moving platform that was suspended above the crowd. It was the DJ station where one guy was standing in front of an array of machines that allowed him to mix the music and set up the mood for the whole club. There were two women dancing behind him. 
The current song faded into the next one and DJ raised his arms in the air. As if on cue, most of the crowd raised their arms and they exploded into cheers as various lights spilled over them. 
Talia was fascinated. 
The party mood was contagious, and Talia felt her insides flutter. If not for her shyness, she would wave her arms in the air also. 
"What will you have, ladies?", a voice from the back got Talia's attention and she saw a young woman (aka the bartender) looking at her and Maya questionably. The woman nodded at Maya in acknowledgment. "Beta, it's always nice to see you." 
"It's always good to be here, Katya.", Maya responded with a smile. "This is Talia." 
Katya gave Talia a friendly smile while waiting to hear their orders. 
Katya's hair was raised in a messy bun at the top of her head and several curly strands framed her perfect face and reached her shoulders. Talia thought that Katya looked like an exotic beauty with her sun-kissed skin, mesmerizing eyes, and full lips. She was leaning over the counter of the bar so that they can hear each other with the blaring music going on, but that also gave Talia a marvelous view of the cleavage Katya's ample peeks formed, and there was a nametag that said 'Katya'. 
Maya leaned over the bar and whispered something, and Katya nodded before moving away and grabbing a few bottles from below the bar. 
The bar was long and packed with patrons, and Talia observed waitresses filling their trays with colorful glasses of various shapes and sizes, before going to serve people seated in booths that were around the massive dance area. 
"What do you think about this place?", Maya asked Talia who was taking in her surrounding with her eyes open wide. 
Talia was not sure how to respond, other than, "It's a lot to process." Talia spotted several couples. "Is it OK for you to be here without Caden?" 
Maya waved, indicating that it's not a problem. "He had some things to take care of and will join us when he is done." 
Maya didn't want to say that Caden's task is to make sure Alpha Damon shows up tonight. That was part of her plan. 
How will Damon react to see Talia after her makeover or in this place without him? Maya didn't want to upset him, she wanted Damon to know that Talia's life is not on pause when he is not around. That should give him a slap of reality that if he doesn't act properly, he will lose Talia, because she won't be confined to that one room, for meals, or for anything else when he is busy. 
Maya was surprised to see how easily Talia interacted with Keith and other people at the gym, it was like they were attracted to her for more than just flirting; they wanted to please Talia and make her comfortable, and Maya thought how that's the real trait of a Luna, making people obey her without using force. 
Maya was confident that as long as Talia is in a supportive environment, her true personality will come thru, and hopefully, Talia will get over the traumas she accumulated during her stay at the Red Moon pack. 
Katya placed two pinkish cocktails on the bar and winked. "This is on the house." 
After Maya's encouraging eyebrow-wiggles, Talia took the cocktail and gave it a sniff. It smelled fruity. 
A sip confirmed the fruitiness in the flavor also. It was sweet and yummy, and Talia took a big gulp and licked her lips. 
"Can I assume based on your smile that you like it?", Maya asked, and Talia nodded in confirmation. It was delicious. 
"Good!", Maya exclaimed and waved toward where Katya was standing. "Give us one more round!" 
Talia noticed that other than Katya, there were two more guys behind the long bar that was crowded with patrons. Not many were sitting, as most of the people were waiting for their drinks, and then disappearing into the crowd with their hands full. 
Really, this whole nightclub was packed, and Maya told her that it's still early. Talia was not sure how many more people can be crammed in this place. 
Talia remembered that Dawn and Zina told her how this is the hottest nightclub in the area, and now Talia understood what they meant. She never saw so many people in one place. 
Talia wondered if Dawn and Zina are here; if they are, what are the chances that Talia will see them? 
"Well, well… look who is here…", a deep male voice sounded from behind the bar. It was the fourth person Talia didn't notice before because he was in the room behind the bar so far. 
Talia smiled when she recognized Keith. She wondered what was he doing there, but before she could ask, Keith leaned closer, took a sniff of Talia's drink, and scrunched his nose in obvious disapproval of her beverage. 
"Let me make you something better." 
Keith wanted to take Talia's cocktail away, but she held it firmly. "I like it. Can I finish this? I can have more than one drink." 
Just as Talia said this, Katya brought in two more cocktails and placed them in front of Talia and Maya. 
Katya cocked an eyebrow at Keith. "Are you stealing my customers?" 
He grinned at Katya. "If your drinks are so good, you wouldn't need to worry about me stealing them." 
Katya rolled her eyes and shook her head. She wanted to bicker with Keith, but several people were waving to get her attention, so she went to serve them. This was her job, after all. 
--- 
Find in the comments pics of Katya and Talia (after her makeover) 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 85 - The Shifters Nightclub (2)
"How about you, Beta Maya? Can I interest you in one of my specialties?", Keith offered, and Maya refused him while pointing at her drinks, saying how she has enough. 
Accepting Keith's offer always comes with the danger of tasting something nasty, and Maya didn't want to risk it tonight. 
Talia quickly finished her first cocktail and started sipping her second one while watching Keith who was mixing a concoction with expert moves. He was flinging bottles in the air and rotating them on his palms without spilling a single drop. Talia was impressed. 
"You work here?", Talia asked when Keith slowed down his movements. He told her that he is in the gym almost every day, so she assumed that this is where he spends his evenings. 
"I stop by to help Katya, but I wouldn't call it a job.", Keith responded. 
Talia understood that Keith and Katya are in a relationship.. What kind of relationship? Their banter showed that they are close and now he said that he comes to help. Friends? Definitely more than just friends. Lovers? She was curious, but she was not sure if it's appropriate to ask. 
This social setting was new for Talia, and she feared that she might mess it up if she is too nosy. 
Keith started small talk, and Maya said that she is going to be back in a bit, leaving Keith and Talia on their own. Keith moved from behind the bar to sit on the barstool where Maya was previously. 
Before she realized it, Talia finished her second cocktail and now in front of her was a tall glass with a clear liquid that had an amber hue, pineapple wedge on top, and a slice of lemon inside. 
"Why are you still here? Didn't you say you are leaving?", Katya asked Keith grumpily when she approached that area of the bar. 
"I was about to leave, but then I saw Talia and thought of giving her company. Instead of looking at what I'm doing, you should focus on the thirsty customers." 
Katya glanced at Talia's drink before saying, "Don't let him turn you into his victim. Keith will force his concoctions on you until you get an upset stomach." 
"Some of my concoctions are the best selling cocktails here!", Keith shouted after Katya and then turned to Talia. "Don't listen to her, Talia. This is good stuff." 
Looking at his expectant expression, Talia wouldn't refuse him no matter what kind of a drink he made, even if it gives her an upset stomach. 
Talia took a careful sip and citrusy flavors exploded at the tip of her tongue. It was very different from the fruity cocktail she had previously but no less tasty. Actually, this was very refreshing, and she took another sip before giving her praise, "Very good." 
Keith beamed and his smile revealed two dimples, one on each cheek. 
Keith directed his smug expression at Katya who was too far to hear him. "See? This girl knows what's good." 
He spoke to Talia, "When you finish this one, I will make you something else." 
Talia drank the cocktail happily, without realizing at what point she started loosening up. She even started moving with the music, alcohol helped suppress the ache in her muscles that she earned while exercising earlier that day. 
Talia had never drunk alcohol before, so her resistance was very low and cocktails were expertly mixed to conceal the bitter taste, so Talia had them like juice. 
Talking with Keith came easy, and Talia enjoyed that they were chatting about anything and everything like they are long-term friends. 
At some point, Keith noticed that Talia was looking at the people who danced. 
"Do you want to dance?", Keith offered. 
Talia smiled happily. She was glad that he offered, but she shook her head. "I don't know how." 
Keith's eyes flashed with amusement. He stood up and offered Talia his hand, palm up. "As your personal trainer, it is my duty to teach you." 
Talia looked around helplessly, hoping to see Maya that could rescue her because Keith seemed determined, but Maya was nowhere in sight. 
She wanted to refuse, but then she stared foolishly at his dimples, and her legs moved on their own to follow Keith away from the bar. 
Talia noticed that people moved to make way for them. Keith didn't seem surprised by this. 
When they were somewhere in the dancing crowd, Keith turned to face Talia and she didn't expect it so she bumped into him. Talia put her arms up to push herself from Keith and took notice of his firm pecs. Are all guy-werewolves so hard? 
An image of a different werewolf flashed in front of her eyes, this one had raven-black hair and icy-blue eyes and Talia shook her head, to focus on reality. 
Keith took Talia's hands by the wrists and lifted them higher, from his pecs to his shoulders. 
"Put your hands here and relax. Follow me and let the music guide you." 
As much as alcohol gave her courage, now that she was facing Keith, Talia's will faltered. His hands were on her waist, and she glanced at the people nervously. 
Talia's breath hitched when she noticed that not everyone was dancing. Some were grinding on each other, and some were outright making out, and the fact that Keith leaned close so that they can talk without shouting over the music didn't make the situation more comfortable. 
Talia thought how this was silly. Why was she so stiff? It doesn't matter what others are doing. Keith and she are here for dancing and there is nothing more to it. 
On several occasions, Talia was completely glued to Alpha Damon and that didn't feel awkward. Why can't she relax with Keith? 
ively speaking, Keith is a good-looking young man, caring, consistent, a gentleman. Keith reminds Talia of a breeze on a warm spring day, while Alpha Damon is overbearing and unpredictable like a hailstorm on a hot summer day. 
Why did standing close to Keith feel wrong, while being with Alpha Damon came naturally? Talia wondered if she has self-destructive tendencies. 
Keith touched Talia's chin, making her look at him. 
"First lesson on dancing, you can focus on the music or on your partner. Preferably both.", Keith said seriously. "Second lesson, you need to have fun and that means you should not think if someone is watching or what they are doing. This is about you and your partner, in this case, me. No one else matters. Got it?" 
Talia nodded earnestly. 
She repeated in her mind Keith's lessons, and it didn't sit well with her that he said how he is her partner. 
She wondered if Alpha Damon would care if he heard Keith's words. Probably not. He must be busy with Miss Mindy. Is he giving her his breathtaking half-smile that goes great with his icy-blue eyes? Is she enjoying his scent of the forest and dark chocolate? 
Talia pushed those thoughts to the side. She shouldn't think about Alpha Damon because it can't bring anything good. She needs to forget about him. 
Damon found his Luna, or maybe his next toy, and Talia is out of the picture. Even Stephanie confirmed what everyone knows how Alphas are toying with girls until they find their Luna, and Talia was just one more in the lines of girls that brought Damon temporary entertainment. The sooner she accepts it, the faster the pain will subside. 
But there was another variable in this whole almost-dancing situation, "Is Katya OK with this?" 
Keith cocked an eyebrow with slight confusion on his sun-kissed face. "OK, with what?" 
"With us, dancing.", Talia clarified. 
"Why wouldn't she be?" 
Talia was not sure if she spoke too much. But she knew that werewolves are very possessive and jealous and how can Katya be OK when her important person was dancing with some other girl? 
Talia didn't say more, but Keith could guess her thoughts. 
"You see, Talia…", he made a dramatic pause and licked his lips that were lifted into a smile by the time he spoke again, "Katya is my sister." 
Talia released a breath she was holding. It's not that she had any intention of hitting it off with Keith, but a jealous she-wolf might be a problem and Talia's face fell when she realized that maybe Keith misunderstood her. What if he thought that Talia has romantic thoughts that include Keith? 
But how can she explain this without making it more awkward? 
Keith was watching her with amusement in his eyes and she had to say something. 
"I didn't know Katya is your sister. She is impressive. Do you mind telling me about her?" 
Keith's expression softened. "Katya is impressive. When she finished high school, she was eligible for the scholarship, just how I was. I took mine and went to college in human town while Katya asked to convert her scholarship into a loan to buy this place." 
Talia blinked. "Katya is the owner?" Well, that explained why everyone made way for him. If he's the owner's brother, he is kind of an owner also. 
Keith moved closer so that he can talk to Talia without yelling. They were so close that Talia could feel the heat emanating from his body and the earthy scent of his aftershave. 
"Katya bought this place and spruced it up. It was a decent nightclub with previous owners, but since Katya took over, it became the best in the area. I come here when I get a chance to help her out, and she lets me experiment with drinks. My kitchen is well equipped, but I don't have thirty varieties of scotch…" 
Talia listened with interest, and she completely missed the fact that her legs were moving how Keith guided her. Compared to the people around them who danced vigorously, they moved much slower, but it was still dancing. It was her first dance and she missed it. 
---
###Chapter 86 - The Shifters Nightclub (3)
"Are we interrupting?" 
Talia and Keith looked toward the source of the voice and saw Liam and Pierce. 
Talia was flustered. Her hands were on Keith's shoulders and they were moving in the middle of the dancing crowd, and she became aware of how close they were. Too close. 
Liam grinned at the sight of Talia who moved away from Keith, taking it as a clear sign that Keith didn't seal the deal with Talia. Well, Liam was not sure what Keith's intentions were, but he saw Keith giving attention to Talia at the training center, and now they were awfully close and exchanging whispers while holding each other on the dancefloor. Something was going on. Definitely. 
"I was wondering if I can get a dance.", Liam said to Talia while ignoring Keith's glare. 
. 
"Me next!", Pierce exclaimed. 
For some reason Keith couldn't explain, he was not willing to let Liam or Pierce dance with Talia. 
Talia hesitated and Keith was quick to respond in her place, "We were just planning to go to the bar and grab some drinks." 
"Excellent! We will join you.", Liam said. 
And just like that, the four of them headed to the bar, and Maya was also there. 
Talia sat on the barstool next to Maya, and three guys stood around them protectively. 
"Don't drink too much. We have a game in the morning.", Keith grumbled at Liam and Pierce when they ordered their second round of drinks. 
"Just one more, coach!", Pierce said while grabbing one of the unclaimed chilled beers that Katya placed on the counter for them. 
Liam rolled the sleeves of his shirt high, and Talia stared at his tattoos. There was a cross and some geometric shapes, a sun, and... "Is that a cheetah?", Talia asked and Liam nodded smugly in confirmation. 
"Why a cheetah?" She thought that werewolves would rather have wolves (or at least dogs). 
"Cheetah is the fastest land animal.", Liam responded smugly. "And why I have it on my skin, you will find out during the game tomorrow." 
"Liam is the fastest guy on our team.", Pierce said like it's not a big deal. "But tomorrow you will see that it's not only about the speed. Footwork is what counts." 
Talia understood that Pierce is proud of his skills on the field. She squinted while trying to remember what game they will be playing. Soccer? 
Liam snorted. "What's the point of the footwork when you can't reach the ball?" 
Pierce responded something, and Liam said a few words in return. Talia's mind was getting clouded from the alcohol and she couldn't understand what they were saying, but she knew they were bickering. 
Keith placed his hands on Liam's and Pierce's shoulders and gave them a harsh squeeze. 
"How about you save that energy for the game?" 
At Keith's words, both Pierce and Liam closed their mouths and nodded. 
"Talia!", an excited cry came from the side and Talia saw a blonde pixie cut hairstyle that was bobbing through the crowd. 
Talia waved at Dawn and Zina, hoping that the newcomers won't notice how buzzed she was, but Talia didn't miss that Dawn and Zina were immediately eyeing Keith, Liam, and Pierce. 
Zina and Dawn know who Liam, Pierce, and Keith are, but they are not in the same circles, because Omegas don't mix with warriors and Keith is something like a celebrity trainer who earns an unimaginable amount of money with his line of protein shakes. 
Pierce gestured to Katya to add more beers, and soon each of them had one. 
After finishing the beer he was holding, Keith excused himself, saying that he has an early start in the morning, and he reminded guys not to stay too long and not to get wasted. 
The truth was that Keith didn't want to leave, but he had duties before games start, and as the main coach from the hosting pack, he couldn't mess up and be late, or worse… late and hungover. He was planning to head home when he saw Talia, and that was a long time ago. 
"Will you be OK here?", Keith asked Talia to what she confirmed with a nod and a silly grin on her face. 
"We will watch over her.", Dawn said while hooking her arm around Talia's neck. "And no one can bully us with Beta Maya here." 
Keith looked at Talia with a complex expression for a few long seconds, and then he shouted at Katya, "Don't give them any more drinks! I need them to play a good game tomorrow!" 
Talia thought that Keith sounded like a concerned parent. 
If Talia knew that Keith really wanted to take her home, maybe she would put up a guard against him, at least a little bit. 
"Now that the coach is gone, how about that dance?", Liam asked Talia as soon as Keith was out of sight. Maybe Talia didn't notice, but Pierce and Liam noticed that Keith was hovering around Talia while making sure that no other guy gets too close. 
Talia shook her head and swayed a little before leaning on Dawn. "I didn't drink enough to dance." 
"Then we should drink some more!", Zina exclaimed, and Pierce and Liam cheered. Katya will not give them drinks, but if the girls place an order, then there will be no obstacles. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon arrived at the Shifters nightclub with Caden, Alpha Maddox, Mindy, and Axel. 
They stepped through the doors and stood on the platform that was five steps above the rest of the nightclub. 
It was inevitable that Damon's appearance will stir the commotion as people nudged each other to pay attention to the five striking people that entered the nightclub. 
She-wolves couldn't help but swoon over Damon while his eyes swept the space with his signature half-frown of a predator who shouldn't be disturbed recklessly. 
Damon's hair was slicked back with a few messy strands falling carelessly on his forehead, and the black leather jacket gave him a dangerous biker vibe. Definitely a bad boy. 
Damon's appeal was enhanced by the company of four other impressive individuals by his side. 
Werewolves have their information network and magazines, and they knew who the newcomers were. 
The Werewolf Weekly Magazine (aka the WWM) has a dedicated section for young and upcoming Alphas. Damon, Maddox, and Axel are celebrities, while Mindy is often featured as a young goodwill ambassador who will be an amazing Luna. 
Caden was also popular, but after he mated with Maya, they stopped featuring him. After all, available hotties sell the magazine better. The magazine reached to Caden and Maya to be shown as a couple, but they wanted details related to their work as Betas, so Caden and Maya refused because they didn't want to disclose the inner workings of the Dark Howlers pack. 
Damon's jaw tightened. The crowd and noise were familiar. This is the place where he came numerous times to pick his company for the night, but now the only thought on his mind was to leave as soon as possible. 
Damon reminded himself that he can have one drink before heading back. He will come up with an excuse how there is something he needs to handle. And that something is cuddling with Talia because he was confident that Talia will be done with her girl time. 
The Shifters nightclub is in the territory of the Dark Howlers pack and the owner (aka Katya) is a pack member, so naturally, Alpha Damon has his private booth that no one else would dare to use without Damon's approval. 
The booth is elevated with a metallic rail separating it from the rest of the nightclub. There are two low tables with one curved sofa where at least ten people can sit without touching each other. That booth is the only area where colorful lights will never hit, giving it privacy in the darkness, while people who are in that booth can clearly see the rest of the nightclub. 
Of course, Talia (just like everyone else) noticed a wave of commotion as five people made their way to the VVIP booth. 
Damon's booth was on the opposite side from where the bar was, and it was in the dark, but Talia saw Damon climbing up. She would recognize him no matter how far away or how dark it is. 
Darkness and distance were not a problem for Talia, and she never realized that others couldn't see clearly when she was able to spot every detail, like it was close up, during daylight. 
Subconsciously, Talia held her breath as she soaked in Damon's every move. There was a majestic aura around Damon that projected danger and confidence and he was beyond handsome. 
Unfortunately, that good eyesight allowed her to see Mindy walking close behind Damon, and piercing pain in her chest clenched her heart. 
Talia didn't get it. Why did she care about Alpha Damon? Yes, they spent some time together, but she was careful not to allow her imagination to run wild, and she repeatedly told herself how Damon's attention doesn't mean anything; she was a temporary entertainment, a pet, a charity project… How did she find herself trapped in a web of fantasies that didn't even form in her mind? It didn't make sense. Nothing made sense. 
Talia shook her head, together with any negative emotions that swelled within her. She will not allow him to spoil her mood. 
With the corner of her eye, Talia thought that she saw Damon holding his chest just before he disappeared into the darkness, and Mindy moved with haste to support him. 
Of course, Mindy will support him. 
Talia told herself not to care. If Damon is unwell, Mindy will take care of him, and Talia doesn't have the right to get close to him. Her role in his life is done. 
Talia took a big gulp of chilled beer, hoping that it will erase the thoughts and emotions that weighed on her. 
---
###Chapter 87 - The Shifters Nightclub (4) [Bonus ]
"Well, isn't that a visual treat for us single ladies?", Dawn asked with a sigh while she squinted toward the booth that was hidden in the darkness. "Axel is such an eye candy. I wish I could go there and introduce myself." She eyed Maya not-so-discreetly and Dawn frowned when she saw that Maya ignored her. 
Maya got the message, loud and clear. Dawn hoped to get access to that booth, but Maya knew that Axel is one of the rare Alphas-to-be who is not living a licentious lifestyle, and she didn't want to offend him. 
The rumor is that members of the Midnight Guardians pack are all waiting for their mates and won't fool around, which is extremely uncommon for werewolves who have high libidos and are exposed to nudity from young age. 
Unfortunately for Axel, that same rumor is making him more appealing because many women (and some men) have set as their goal in life to take Axel's first time. Due to that, when in public, Axel has a perpetuate frown that should repel weak-willed hopefuls. 
Maya looked at Talia who was drinking her second beer a bit too fast. 
. 
"Maybe you should slow down.", Maya advised Talia. Drinking and partying is one thing, but Talia was already swaying on that barstool and if Talia passes out, the makeover and coming here will be for naught. 
Talia didn't want to slow down. The ache in her chest was getting unbearable and she welcomed the numbing sensation that alcohol provided. At this point, Talia wanted Maya to leave so that she can drown her sorrows and forget about fantasies that will never come true. 
"Why don't you join Caden?", Talia asked Maya while gesturing in the direction of the VVIP booth. 
"I came here with you.", Maya said. "It wouldn't be fair to leave you on your own. Of course, if you want to join me there, that's a different thing." 
Talia refused. There was no way that she will subject herself to watching Alpha Damon with the woman who will warm his bed tonight, and maybe in the future as well. 
Talia was drunk but firm on having fun tonight, and tomorrow she will work on leaving the packhouse… or maybe she will work on that after the festival is over, and Maya and Stephanie have time to talk about Talia's next sleeping arrangements. 
"I am not on my own.", Talia responded with the best smile she could muster and gestured toward Dawn, Zina, Liam, and Pierce. "Go and be with your mate. I don't want Caden to hate me later." 
Maya glanced at Dawn and Zina. "I will count on you to watch over Talia." 
Dawn and Zina nodded earnestly and burst into giggles because they were tipsy. The mood was good. They stiffened when they heard Maya talking to them through the mind-link, 'If anything seems off, mind-link me directly. Don't let anyone bully Talia.' 
The energy in the club was positive, but this was a bunch of werewolves with explosive tempers. There were visitors from other packs, and they were drinking. A fight could erupt at the slightest provocation, and it could get nasty at any moment. 
Maya leaned closer to Talia, "If you need me, you know where to find me. I won't leave the club without you." 
Talia was grateful for this reassurance that reminded her how Maya is a good person. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maya made her way through the crowd and climbed the stairs to the elevated booth, finding Caden there who welcomed her with a big smile on his face and arms open wide. Maya returned his smile and sank into his embrace. She relished his scent and soothing touch; it's something that only a mate can provide. 
Maya glanced at Damon who was fiddling with his phone, and she wondered if he will notice that Maya is with them and not with Talia. She decided to give him a few minutes, and if he is still passive, she will give him a hint or two. 
Axel's gaze was trained on the crowd, and he looked like he was contemplating something seriously, so others didn't want to disturb him. 
Alpha Maddox was watching Mindy who downed her drink in one go before standing up abruptly. 
"Who wants to dance?", Mindy asked enthusiastically only to face her brother's frown, and Axel and Damon didn't look willing to party either. 
Seeing that Axel is grumpy, Mindy moved to stand in front of Damon. "As a host, shouldn't you entertain me?" 
Damon lifted his gaze from the phone in his hand and cocked an eyebrow at Mindy. "What do you want?" 
"To dance." 
"As a host, I came to the club with you, and I'm allowing you to use my booth. If you want to dance…", Damon gestured toward the crowd, telling her silently that he was not interested. 
That whole evening, Damon was not feeling well, and occasionally his chest ached like something was really wrong. He tried talking to his wolf, but he got only silence in response which made Damon more irritable. He was NOT in the mood to entertain anyone. 
At Damon's rejection to join her on the dancefloor, Mindy rolled her eyes dramatically and went down on her own. Those Alphas were stiff and boring, and she wanted to party. 
Mindy's schedule is usually packed with activities related to the Blue River pack and this was one of the rare occasions where she was free to indulge in whatever she wanted. Sitting in a dark booth with her brother and two grouchy guys was not her idea of having fun. Maya and Caden didn't count because they were making out. 
"I'm sorry about Mindy being a pain in the ass.", Alpha Maddox said to Damon to what the latter responded with a stiff nod. 
He didn't want to talk (or think) about Mindy. She was Alpha Maddox's sister, and that was it. 
Damon checked the time and wondered if it was too early to bolt out of the nightclub. Was Talia done with her girly activities? He really wanted to cuddle and to feel the delightful sparks while the sweet citrusy scent of freesia lulls him to sleep. 
It took Damon a minute to process that Maya was there. What about Talia? Did they finish their girl time and Maya came to the club? If that's the case, he can go back home right away. 
Damon didn't care about interrupting the lovebirds. He did that many times before. 
"Are you done with your girl time thing?", Damon asked Maya and when he saw the sparkle in her eyes, unease swelled in his chest. 
He knew that look. Maya was up to something. Something he probably won't like. 
Other than Stephanie, Maya was also suggesting that Talia leaves the packhouse; actually, Maya said that she will handle Talia's move to a different location. 
Damon told himself that Maya wouldn't stage a move for Talia in the middle of the night, but his intuition was telling him to be alert. 
"We are not done. It's still ongoing. I came to check on my mate.", Maya responded with a smile while tightening her hold on Caden. 
Damon's face darkened when he understood that Talia is nearby, in the club probably. Without Maya. With whom is Talia? On her own or with someone? He was not sure which one of those two was worse. 
"Where is she?" Damon didn't say Talia's name because Maya obviously knew who the target of Damon's interest was. 
Maya stood up and walked to the metallic rail with Damon one step behind her. 
Damon followed Maya's sight and he spotted Talia at the bar. 
It was far away, but with his werewolf enhanced sight, Damon could clearly see Talia chatting and laughing and she was beautiful. The clothes fit her well, showcasing her flawless skin just enough to tease without exposing too much, and he wanted to see more. Much more. 
Talia's hair was straight, and Damon could feel its silkiness between his fingers because he caressed Talia's hair many times before (mostly while she was sleeping). 
After a moment of daze, Damon paid attention to Talia's surroundings and his mind exploded. 
Who the hell were those two guys!? 
Why were they so close to Talia? 
And what was Talia wearing? Why was she so exposed for everyone to see? 
Damon noticed that Talia was staring at Liam's arm that was covered in tattoos. He wondered, is Talia into tattoos? Maybe he should get a few. 
No, wait! What was he thinking? That's not important now! Who cares about tattoos when Talia stood up from the barstool and she was chummy with two guys that are NOT Damon? 
If he had any supernatural abilities, Damon would teleport right there, in front of Talia, and make both Pierce and Liam taste his fists. 
Where was Talia going? 
Why did she hook her arm with that dark-haired nobody (aka Pierce)? 
Damon's frown deepened and he didn't blink as Talia walked with Dawn, Zina, Pierce, and Liam into the dancing crowd. Of course, his mind filtered out Dawn and Zina, showing him only Talia with Pierce and Liam. 
Did that scrawny tattooed guy (aka Liam) put his arm around Talia's waist? 
WHAT THE FUCK!? 
Maya flinched when she heard the sound of metal creaking and she stepped away from Damon when she realized that the source of that sound was Damon gripping the rail. 
She swallowed a mouthful of air. Maybe making Damon jealous was not such a good idea. 
---
###Chapter 88 - The Shifters Nightclub (5)
Talia was unaware at what point alcohol started clouding her mind and removing inhibitions. 
After three sweet cocktails, Talia was only slightly buzzed when she danced with Keith, but by the time she reached the dancefloor the second time, Talia was giggling uncontrollably. 
She could see the smiling faces of Dawn, Zina, Pierce, and Liam, coming in and out of focus among many others. 
The booze coursed through Talia's system, and there was loud music that shook her insides, and people danced, and the mood was good, and Talia raised her arms in the air and wiggled her hips and jumped like the rest of the crowd. Her legs were wobbly and she would fall down if not for her bumping into people around her. 
Maya told her that they will drink and dance to improve her mood and Talia did the drinking part. Now, it was time for dancing. 
Talia didn't want to think about Alpha Damon or Miss Mindy or any other Miss who is way above her. She didn't want to be reminded that she is undesirable. Talia also didn't want to think about her independence or anything other than letting loose and dancing until her legs give up completely.. 
Alcohol helped numb all of Talia's emotions and she was blissfully unaware of the gazes she attracted. 
A pair of strong hands landed on Talia's hips from behind, and after a few failed jumping attempts, Talia realized that someone is holding her in place. 
Talia turned to face a tall, muscular guy with a head full of black hair and her heart skipped a beat. But that was only for a moment because his eyes were not icy-blue, and his scent was off. 
"I see you are having fun, and I thought of joining.", the guy said to Talia, and the strong scent of alcohol splashed on her face. She had cocktails and beer, and this was the scent of hard liquor. 
Talia shook her head, trying to dispel the dizziness caused by her drunken condition and to focus on what's happening because no matter how drunk she was, this didn't feel right. 
She put her hands over his and tried to pry herself free, but he was much stronger. It was like trying to move a mountain with floppy hands. 
"No, thank you. I'm dancing with friends tonight.", Talia said with a slur, thinking that will be enough to deter him. 
The guy looked above Talia's head. "I see a lot of people dancing, and no one is bothered that I'm here. You don't mind, do you, sweetheart?" 
Talia craned her neck to see behind her, and she couldn't see Liam, or Pierce, or Dawn, or Zina. Of course, the place was packed, and people moved, unless they held each other, it was easy to separate. They could have been only two steps away, but other bodies blocked them from her visual range. 
And just as the guy said, no one was bothered that he was there, holding her in place, and for some reason, he wanted to dance with her. 
Talia was unaware that Maya was observing the situation from the VVIP booth, and she mind-linked Dawn and Zina to pull Liam and Pierce away from Talia. She didn't want Talia's new friends to be crippled on the same day Talia befriended them. 
Talia squinted at the guy who was not willing to let her go, and she wondered, why would he want to dance with her? He was so much taller and wider, and Talia never saw herself as attractive, but she was very familiar with the sensation of being bullied. 
Talia put her hands against his hard chest and tried to push him away, only to get chuckles from him in response to her feeble attempts to break free. 
"I don't think the girl is willing to be with you.", a gruff voice full of malicious intent came from the side and Talia froze. Why did it sound so familiar? Is her imagination playing tricks on her? 
"Why don't you mind your own business?", the guy who was holding Talia asked angrily. 
"She IS my business." 
And the next thing Talia saw, was a fist flying only inches away from her head, straight into the nose of the guy who was holding her. 
Blood. A lot of it. 
Before she could react, a black leather jacket fell over her face, and she lost the ground under her feet while screams and commotion around her melded with the loud music from the nightclub. 
Talia inhaled sharply, the scent of the forest and dark chocolate from the jacket entered her system, and the swaying of her whole body told her that she was being carried through a noisy crowd, and then she blacked out. 
A few minutes ago… 
Talia danced like she had no care in the world, and Damon's eyes were observing several guys who were watching her. She is a beauty. 
Even from afar, Damon could see that Talia was intoxicated. And she did it without him to protect her. Unacceptable! 
Damon thought of letting things roll and to see what happens. Maybe Talia should experience being manhandled so that she knows not to put herself into these situations. 
But when he saw a guy actually putting his dirty hands on Talia, Damon couldn't stay on the side. 
He suppressed his Alpha aura because he didn't want to attract unwanted attention. There are too many eyes in this club, and he didn't need to make that guy submit because he can just punch some sense into him. 
Just as Damon guessed, the guy was drunk stupid, and he dared to ask, "Why don't you mind your own business?" 
She is my mate, you asshole! 
The guy was not from the Dark Howlers pack, and it was obvious that he didn't recognize Damon. 
Damon punched him. That felt good. The guy stumbled backward, hitting people behind him, igniting a massive fight that swelled through the nightclub like a violent tidal wave with Damon at its center. 
Damon swiftly wrapped Talia in his jacket, covering her face with determination to take her out of the club. Whatever girl party time she had going on, it was over. 
'Caden, I'm out for the night. Maya, I'm taking Talia with me, she is piss-drunk.', Damon spoke into the mind-link angrily and Maya cringed, knowing that she will get a scolding tomorrow. 
Damon released a bit of his aura with an intention to keep others at bay, but that didn't produce the desired effect on intoxicated people who were itching for a fight. 
Without much space to maneuver and needing at least one hand to block incoming stray limbs, Damon hoisted Talia over his shoulder, with her head falling against his back like a sack of potatoes. 
The moment he secured Talia on his shoulder, Damon saw a fist coming his way. 
Damon grabbed the fist and applied pressure. Loud music covered the horrid vail of the unfortunate person who didn't see that he was aiming for the Devil himself, and Damon felt the vibrations of bones cracking before letting go of the guy. That will need a medic. 
Damon skillfully dodged and blocked hits that were coming his way and he even delivered a few punches before he reached the exit with unscathed Talia as a trophy. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The moment the fresh breeze hit Damon's face, Talia started struggling. 
"You bastard! Let me go!", she shouted while wiggling her legs. Talia would probably punch or slap him, but her upper body was wrapped in his jacket, blocking her sight and obstructing her movements. 
"I told you I don't want to dance, and you kidnap me? Wait until Beta Maya finds out! Alpha Damon will break your legs!" 
Damon paused when he heard Talia's threat how he will break his own legs. Just how wasted was she? 
Damon was facing a dilemma. Letting her down was not an option because a lot of people were watching. He was not ready for others to see the face of the girl he was carrying, not before they talk it out and he explains how important she is, and he needed to be certain that she won't run away. 
But Talia was squirming, and if he tightens his hold, he might hurt her, yet if he doesn't, she will fall. 
He got an idea. 
'SMACK!' 
Damon slapped Talia's butt and she let out a soft cry before going limp again. 
He spanked her as a warning to stop wiggling, and he didn't think she will pass out. 
Damon panicked. Did he hit her too hard? 
Damon dashed toward his SUV and put her in the front passenger's seat with haste before removing the jacket just enough to check on her. He released the breath he was holding when he confirmed that her breathing was steady. 
He lowered the seat and strapped her in without unwrapping her from his jacket. 
Damon started the car and reached for her hand, the delightful sparks eased up his raging emotions a bit and then he drove toward the packhouse. 
Only when they were away from the Shifters nightclub, Damon loosened up the jacket to reveal Talia's sleeping face completely. 
He shook his head in disapproval. What if this was not him but that other guy? 
Damon cursed under his breath. 
She was so beautiful and helpless, and he had an urge to go back to the nightclub and beat some more that scoundrel who dared to put his hands on Talia. While at it, he would find those two guys who were sticking to Talia at the bar and use their bodies as punchbags to let out some steam. 
---
###Chapter 89 - How Special Is She? [Bonus ]
When they reached the packhouse, Damon could see that Talia was still out, and she didn't react when he turned off the engine, or when he nudged her a little while calling her name, or when he carried her upstairs princess style. 
He was determined to scold her for her irresponsible behavior. What would happen if he didn't interfere? Why can't she be more careful? What was she thinking? 
Doesn't she know how adorable and completely defenseless she is? 
But just as he reached the third floor of the packhouse Talia snuggled close to him and nuzzled his neck with her nose as she released a soft moan that shook his insides. To make things worse, Talia's warm breath slipped into his shirt, making him tingly all over, and the pressure in his groin area increased. 
He forgot what he was planning to do. 
"Damn it!", Damon cursed under his breath. He was supposed to be angry and not horny. 
Talia had him wrapped around her little finger and she didn't know it. Silly girl.. 
Damon stood in the hallway while facing a dilemma, Talia's room or his? 
It should be his, but considering Talia's state, he didn't want to add to her confusion in the morning, so he took the door on his left, into Talia's room. 
Damon placed Talia on the bed, and he hovered above her while contemplating if he should change her clothes into something more sleep-appropriate. But what if she wakes up halfway and thinks that he is a creep, about to molest her? 
He didn't know what to do about Talia's clothes, but he decided to change into something more comfortable before joining her in bed. 
No matter how wasted Talia was, Damon was determined to get his cuddles. After seeing her too close to some other guys, Damon needed comforting. 
Damon was about to move when he felt Talia holding onto his hand and he froze while looking at her sleepy face questionably. 
"Don't leave me, Damon…", she whimpered, her voice barely above a whisper, but he heard her clearly. 
In the next moment, Damon was in the bed, cradling Talia in his arms. 
Was her request for tonight, or for forever? At that moment, it didn't matter as his forearms rested against the skin of her exposed lower back, charging him with an extra dose of delightful sparks, and she snuggled closer to him, her little hand holding onto his shoulder. 
"I won't leave, Talia. I will never leave you…", he murmured, and he meant every word he said. 
Damon feared that Talia will leave him, but it seemed that she had the same concerns, and that should be a good thing. 
Damon was aware that Talia was drunk, and she won't remember saying those words in the morning, but he will remember them, and he was confident that this was a move in the right direction because now he knew that she needed him at least a little bit. 
Talia relaxed against Damon, and her arm moved from his shoulder to his waist, and then she snored softly. 
Damon looked at the beautiful woman in his arms, sleeping peacefully, absolutely unaware of the mind-shattering effect she has on him. 
Talia's sweet citrusy scent of freesia made him dizzy, and his nerves tingled from amazing sparks of the mate bond, and he buried his face in her hair, taking deep breaths while enjoying Talia's proximity and he wished that they could stay like that forever. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
It was dawn when Keith got out of his room and he followed the scent of breakfast into the kitchen. Eggs, bacon, coffee. 
"When will that be done?", he asked Katya who was flipping pancakes. 
"By the time you get yourself a coffee, it will be ready.", Katya responded. 
"Coffee or milk for you?", Keith asked, confirming if she plans to sleep or stay awake. 
Normally, Katya works at night and sleeps during the day, and they see each other in the morning and evening. But today is the festival, so she might stay up longer. 
"I will have milk only. After last night, I need some sleep. I will join the events by the time you give out trophies.", Katya responded. "Pour coffee for Oscar also. He is in the shower." 
Keith hummed and grabbed three cups. 
After finishing college, Keith returned to the pack and he wanted to stay in an apartment, but then Katya offered him a bedroom in a two-story home where Katya is living with her mate, Oscar. 
Keith agreed and he moved into the spare guest bedroom on the first floor. Keith doesn't need more than a bedroom with a bathroom because he usually spends his days in the gym, or in the Shifters nightclub. He comes home only to sleep and change clothes, and even that he sometimes does in his office in the training center. 
By staying in his sister's house, Keith gets to eat her cooking. If he is on his own, Keith would probably live off granola bars and protein shakes. 
"What happened last night?", Keith asked before taking a bite of toast. 
Katya groaned. "There was a huge fight. Every time we have other packs visiting there is a scuffle or two, but this time, the whole club was swept away. We had ambulances from the packhouse hospital and from the human hospital. Luckily, Alpha Maddox and Axel were there to calm their people. Beta Caden called several of our patrols to help out, and that's why Oscar is up already. We returned together from the Shifters after cleaning up the mess." 
Keith understood that the situation was bad because normally the bouncers from the Shifters are enough to settle down rowdy patrons, and there is no need to call warriors. 
While thinking about a violent fight in the nightclub, Keith became restless. "Do you know if Talia was there?" 
Katya grinned. "You are worried about her, aren't you?" 
He didn't deny it. "So?" 
"You like her. And I mean liiiiikeeee her.", Katya said in a singing voice. 
Keith rolled his eyes. "It's not like that. Her wolf is hurt, and she doesn't have the…" His voice trailed when he noticed Katya grinning at him. 
"Did she invoke your protective side?" 
"Are you saying that it's wrong for me to worry about someone?" 
Katya shrugged. "That's not what I said. But I saw you last night. You were trying to impress her. You made a drink especially for her, you danced like a true gentleman, and there was a silly grin on your face while she didn't seem to be lovestruck. With all the girls swooning over my lovely baby brother, there is no need for you to put an effort to get yourself a hookup. There were several dozens of she-wolves who would accompany you for the night without questions asked, yet you left on your own. How special is she?" 
"It's not like that Kat. She is a nice girl. That's all to it." Keith narrowed his eyes at Katya who looked at him mockingly, obviously not believing what he said. He decided to change his tactic. "You never meddled in my life, Kat. I'm here for the food, but if you turn into a nosy older sister, I will move out and live on my own." 
Seeing that Katya pressed her lips into a line, Keith knew that she got his message: it was none of her business why he made a drink for Talia, and why he talked and danced with her without trying to pick her up for the night. Besides, even if he wanted to make a move, he knew that Talia was not a girl like that, which is unusual for werewolves, but he interacted with many humans during his college days and he is familiar with those naive eyes that don't see it coming. 
Talia was abused, but she was not broken. Her innocence was still there and he found it refreshing. 
Keith felt like protecting Talia, and not taking her to bed. But Katya will probably not get that. Actually, even he didn't get it because he classifies women in his life as clients, bed warmers, or non-important, and Talia didn't fit into any of those categories. 
"You didn't answer my question.", Keith reminded Katya. "Was Talia hurt last night?" 
"She was not in the pile of injured and passed out people, so she either left before the fight started, or she was well enough to leave on her own before Doctor Travis started taking a headcount." 
Keith relaxed and put a forkful of eggs into his mouth. He had a number of things that needed to deal with before the games start, and he wondered when Talia will come. She said that she will come in the morning to watch games, and they have lunch plans and exercise in the afternoon, and after that, he will take Talia to the fair and win her a stuffed toy. 
Keith didn't want Katya to find out about his plans for the day because she will get more ideas about him and Talia. 
She is a nice girl, and there is nothing more to it. Right? 
---
###Chapter 90 - Post-party Aches
In the packhouse… 
Talia woke up with a muffled groan. Her head felt like it's about to pop, thanks to the fierce hangover she earned after her last night's partying. 
She opened her eyes with difficulty and squinted at the blinding sunlight that intensified her headache. 
Talia placed her hand over her eyes and took a deep breath that filled her system with the scent of the forest and dark chocolate. 
Talia looked around to confirm that she was in her room, in her bed, alone. But Damon's scent filled the bedsheets and the pillows, its concentration telling her that he was there for a while and that he left recently. 
She checked herself only to see that she was wearing a silvery top and black leather pants. Ah, right… Maya gave her a makeover and they went to the Shifters nightclub. 
Wait! How did she find herself here? 
. 
Talia remembered cocktails, and Katya, Keith, beer, Pierce, Liam, and Dawn and Zina were there, and her legs were wobbly and… Oh, God! Was she dancing? But what happened after that? 
For the next few minutes, Talia was focusing mightily while trying to remember how she reached the packhouse, but there was a gap in her memory, and she hoped that she didn't embarrass herself. 
The only logical conclusion was that Talia drank too much (fact), and that Maya brought her back (false), and that Damon sneaked into her room later (almost true). 
Talia didn't understand one thing… why would Alpha Damon come to her room if he had Miss Mindy to give him company? 
Images of Damon coming into the nightclub with Mindy flashed in Talia's mind and this time they were so close that Mindy was almost leaning on Damon before they entered that wretched dark booth which is obviously for only important people… people like Alpha Damon and Miss Mindy and not the ones like Talia. 
At the mental image of Mindy sticking to Damon, Talia's heart ached, and when she thought that Damon brought Mindy to his room, Talia felt nauseated. 
She decided to focus on something else. There was no point in thinking about Alpha Damon and his women because Talia will leave the packhouse soon and all this will be behind her. 
She would talk to Stephanie and Maya about moving right away, but today was Summer Solstice, everyone was busy, and even Talia had plans. Lots of them. But before all that, Talia needed to help Stephanie with breakfast preparations. While at it, Talia will also eat and maybe pack some food to bring along to the festival because she has no money and Talia planned to spend her whole day there. 
Talia glanced at the time and frowned in displeasure because it was time to get ready or she will be late to help with breakfast preparation. 
"Oww…", Talia cried softly while scooting out of the bed with an intention to start her day with a shower. 
Every muscle in her body ached and she remembered that yesterday she exercised, so that would explain the pain, but why did her butt ache the most? What the heck happened last night? Did she fall on her behind? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
While Talia was getting ready for the day, Damon was in his office with Alpha Maddox. 
Damon really wanted to wait for Talia to wake up so that they can talk about last night. 
It was obvious that Talia can't stay locked in the room and that he can't stick to her all the time, especially when he has these extra duties, so Damon thought of coming up with some rules that will keep her safe and give him a piece of mind. 
What kind of rules? 
Rule number 1: Talia can't drink unless Damon is present. That rule is non-negotiable. 
Rule number 2: Guys (other than Damon) can't get into the touching distance with Talia, unless it's for a handshake. Another non-negotiable rule. 
That's as far Damon got with his rules when Caden mind-linked him that Alpha Maddox wants to talk to him urgently. 
'We can talk during breakfast.', Damon grumbled. He didn't want to leave the bed. 
'It needs to be in private.', Caden responded. 
'Fine. Then, we will talk after breakfast.' 
'Alpha Maddox said that it's urgent, and that means as soon as possible…' 
Damon was not willing. He really wanted to stay longer and cuddle. 
Talia was sleeping and clinging onto him and even though he was aroused, and he knew that if he doesn't help himself, his balls will ache, he still enjoyed Talia's proximity profusely. 
To make up for the lack of physical intimacy, Damon would daydream about Talia, their first kiss, first intimate touch, first orgasm… there were so many firsts to plan for. 
But instead of enjoying his morning of cuddles before the hectic day, Damon had to get out of bed, away from Talia, so that he can talk to Alpha Maddox. He didn't like it, not even a little bit. 
However, Damon is Alpha first and guests will leave within a day or two, and they had a number of other guests coming that morning and visiting through the day, and Damon knew that his personal matters will need to take the back seat, for today. 
Back to the present… 
"You wanted to talk about something?", Damon asked Maddox. 
Maddox hummed in confirmation. "We know each other for a long time, so I will skip the intro and go straight to the point. I saw what you did last night in the Shifters nightclub." 
Damon knew what Maddox was talking about, but he still asked, "What did you see?" 
"I saw you starting a fight and carrying a girl outside of the club. The same girl that brought us snacks and served dinner last night. Your Beta Maya said that the girl's name is Talia." 
Damon told himself to play it cool. "Is that the reason why you dragged me out of the bed?" 
"Yes." 
"Why are you interested in my private life?" 
Maddox shook his head. "It's not me, Damon. It's Alpha of the Steelbite pack." 
Damon didn't get it. How was Cassie's father involved in this? "What?" 
"Alpha Richard is seeking information related to the Omega that is seen in your packhouse and fits Talia's description. Considering that you don't have hundreds of Omegas milling through your packhouse, it's safe to assume he is interested in Talia." 
Damon had a bad feeling about this. "What does he want?" 
Maddox didn't know the details because Alpha Richard didn't disclose much. "The word is that he will pay for any information, and he also said that the girl is important to you." 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose. THIS is why he wanted to hide Talia, yet based on a few hints, they assembled the puzzle which put a target on Talia's back. If he knew it will come to this, instead of chasing Cassie away, Damon would put her in the dungeon and keep her there until she forgets about Talia and him. 
Damon decided to share some information with Maddox. 
"I ignored Cassie's obnoxious behavior, but Cassie crossed the line when she slapped Talia during one of her tantrums. I kicked Cassie out and told her that she can't come without an invitation. Cassie can't do anything to me, so they are trying to find someone else for Cassie to vent her anger." 
Maddox chuckled. "You kicked out Cassie because she slapped Talia. I have nothing against punishing Cassie, she needs to be pulled down by a few notches, but your behavior from last night showed that Talia is more than just an Omega." 
Actually, Alpha Maddox knew that Talia was not an Omega. She was not submissive. Talia lowered her head consciously, Omegas do it on an instinct. 
Damon didn't want to say that Talia is his mate. She should know that first and he didn't want to risk someone else telling her. 
But there were things he could share with Maddox. 
"When I found her, Talia was covered in injuries and starving. Currently, Talia is staying in the packhouse, and we are working with a doctor on her nutrition and exercise regimen while keeping track of her physical and mental health. I don't limit Talia from doing what she wants, but last night she drank too much, and I took her home." 
Maddox listened with a solemn expression. "That is commendable. However, you kicked out Cassie after she confronted Talia, and now Talia is on the list of people associated with you. A victim of abuse needs a stable and supportive environment in order to bounce back. It's not a secret what Cassie was doing here and that you are facing challenges that go beyond women who are fighting to be your Luna." 
Damon didn't like where this was going. "What are you trying to say?" 
"It's best if I take Talia to the Blue River pack. You know what we have there. For girls like Talia…" 
"No!", Damon snapped. 
What was this nonsense about Talia going to a different pack? 
Maddox didn't want to argue. "As I said, your efforts are commendable, but I believe that you can think about this rationally and give Talia the best chance to bounce back. She is young and it's not too late for her to become a functioning member of society, but she won't reach there if she is forced to share space with women like Cassie." 
Damon rubbed his forehead forcibly. "Cassie is banned from coming here." 
"Are you going to ban every woman who treats Talia harshly?" 
"If needed, yes!" 
Maddox lifted his hands in surrender. "Alright. I see that you need some time to think about it. Until you decide what to do with Talia, I suggest that you stay away from her." 
"What!? Why?" 
"I'm not the only one who got a message from Alpha Richard. There will be many people at that festival looking for a small and skinny girl with copper-colored hair who is regular in your packhouse and close to you. The more people believe that Talia is important to you, their interest in her will increase…" 
---
###Chapter 91 - Private Talk With Axel
Talia came down the stairs, her legs filled with piercing aches with her every move. 
Talia wished to stay in bed, but she had to come down because she needed to help with breakfast and there was no way she would allow this to prevent her from seeing the festival. 
"Miss Talia…", a deep voice called the moment Talia reached the hallway on the main floor and Talia saw Axel looking at her. 
"I saw you last night, and I took the liberty of asking for your name from Beta Maya even though I didn't get a chance to introduce myself. My name is Axel, and I am visiting from the Midnight Guardians pack. May I have a word with you?" 
Talia blinked. This was Axel, the future Alpha of the mysterious Midnight Guardians pack. Talia knew that because Dawn couldn't stop talking about him and Dawn said that he barely spared her a glance no matter how much she tried to get close to him while setting the dishes on the table last night, yet here he was, asking Talia for a chat, and he called her 'Miss Talia', like she is someone important. Talia liked that. 
Talia glanced left and right to confirm if there is anyone else in sight, but there was none.. Just the two of them. "How can I help you?" 
"In private, please." 
Talia blinked. Private? Other than her room (or his), Talia didn't know about any other private place, and being alone in the room with a stranger didn't seem appropriate. "How about the garden?" 
Axel nodded in agreement, and he smiled a little. "Lead the way, Miss Talia." 
There it was, the 'Miss Talia' again. 
"Are you alright?", Axel asked when they stepped into the garden. 
She looked at him questionably and he explained, "The way you move, it's different compared to last night. Did you get hurt?" 
Talia was embarrassed to disclose that her body feels like she is about to fall apart after half an hour of exercising. "It's nothing. Don't worry about it." 
She stopped walking and glanced around. "I believe this is private enough." They were not really far from the packhouse, but she didn't want to go too far away because she had no idea why would someone like Axel want privacy with her. 
Axel saw that Talia was uncomfortable and he gestured to the nearby bench. "How about we sit?" 
Talia welcomed the sitting offer because her legs were killing her. If Axel didn't stop her in the hallway, by now she would be in the kitchen, preferably seated and helping with breakfast preparations. 
They sat on the bench, facing each other and the silence stretched between them. 
After some time, Talia cleared her throat. "I don't want to appear rude, but I need to head to the kitchen in order to prepare breakfast so…" 
Axel understood her point. He knew what he wanted to say, but he was trying to find the right words so that he doesn't appear like a creep. 
Eventually, he spoke, "Miss Talia, what can you tell me about yourself?" 
Talia paused. "What?" 
"Are you born in the Dark Howlers pack? What about your parents?" 
Talia swallowed hard. Why was he asking about her background? Is Axel asking on behalf of Marcy and Alpha Edward? Was she in trouble? Did she bring trouble for Alpha Damon? 
She told herself to calm down. Maya prepared the coverup story and if Talia just blurts out the truth, she will probably mess it up big time. 
"I don't know who my parents are. I grew up with my grandparents up in the North, and after they passed I headed South with the hope to find a pack to settle. I have no idea how long I was wandering but I bumped into Beta Maya and Beta Caden, and they offered me to come here." 
"How old were you at that time?" 
"That happened about two weeks ago.", Talia admitted. Ten days ago, to be precise. 
"Your grandparents didn't speak about your parents?" 
Talia's mind worked a million thoughts a second. "My parents were killed by rogues when I was a baby. They were together for less than a year before they perished, so there was not much to tell." 
Axel could see that Talia was not comfortable. "I apologize for asking personal questions." 
"It's not a problem. It happened a long time ago." This part was the truth. A long time ago Talia accepted that she doesn't have parents or a loving family. She was anxious about another thing… "Why are you curious about my background?" 
"When I saw you last night, you reminded me of someone.", Axel responded right away. "Let me ask you one more question. Are you happy here?" 
Talia opened her mouth to respond, but a low voice came from behind her, "Are you trying to poach my people, Axel?" 
Talia whipped her head in the direction of the newcomer, and she saw Damon walking toward them while his glare didn't leave Axel. It was obvious that Damon was angry. 
Damon ended his talk with Alpha Maddox and then Maddox stood by the window and said, "It seems that your girl is attracting attention…" And that's how Damon saw Axel and Talia sitting on the bench in the garden, and Damon hurried to see what the heck was going on. 
Damon reached in time to hear Axel's cheesy line how Talia reminds him of someone and asking Talia if she is happy. What was that supposed to mean? Was he trying to pick her up? Isn't Axel supposed to live as a celibate until he finds his mate? And Talia was obviously NOT Axel's mate because each person can have only one mate and even if Talia can't feel who her mate is, her mate is Damon! What was Axel trying to do? 
Axel smirked. "I was only asking the lady if she is happy here." 
Talia sucked in a sharp breath. First, 'Miss Talia', and now, 'lady'. 
Why would Axel, the future Alpha, treat her with such respect? Maybe that was normal for him, but for Talia it was new, and she liked it. After a second of soaking in this new way of addressing her, Talia became cautious. What if Axel is nice because he wants to trick her? 
By now, Damon was standing next to Talia. 
"Is she happy? Of course, she is happy.", Damon grumbled while pulling Talia to stand up from the bench and pushing her roughly to stand behind him. 
"She doesn't look happy to me.", Axel said. 
Damon's frown deepened. "What does that mean?" 
"She is obviously hurt." 
Damon turned to look at Talia. "You are hurt?" 
Talia was quick to deny it. "No, no. I'm not." Why was Axel getting her in trouble with this Devil? 
"Talia is so scared of you that she won't say it openly.", Axel said. "Last night she was fine, yet today she is barely walking." 
Damon's face fell. How he saw it, there was only one reason why she would be hurt so bad that she can't walk properly. 
"I'm sorry Talia. I didn't mean to spank you that hard." 
Talia's eyes nearly bulged out of their sockets from shock. Did she hear him right? 
"I know it's none of my business what you do in the bedroom, but you can't be so rough with your women.", Axel said, and his grimace showed how disgusted he was with Damon's behavior. 
"I'm not his woman!", Talia squeaked. If Miss Mindy or someone else heard this, Talia was sure that her head would be detached from the rest of her body, soon. 
Damon glared at Axel. "It's not what you think." 
"And what am I thinking?" 
Damon wanted to say how it was none of Axel's business, and even if Axel's insinuation was correct, it wouldn't be a big deal because werewolves talk about sex openly. But Axel was different and he was making it sound like Damon was using Talia for some twisted activities, so Damon had to explain. "I was carrying Talia, and she was moving too much. I spanked her so that she stops squirming." 
"Why didn't you keep her down or ask her to stop moving?" 
"I was in a hurry.", Damon said. 
"And when you are in a hurry, you hit women?" 
Damon's irritation swelled. "Don't twist my words. That's not what I said." 
"That's exactly what you said…" 
Talia listened to this bickering with her mouth half-open. How come she doesn't remember any of it? Was Damon making this up? Or did he spank her… Wait! That would explain her butt-ache. 
Talia inhaled forcibly. "Please, can you stop talking about it?" 
Both Damon and Axel turned to look at her and she continued, "I am fine. Can you just forget about this? I need to go and prepare breakfast." 
Talia took a step back and in a moment, Axel was next to her, holding her hand in his. 
"Miss Talia, please, don't make life-changing decisions rashly. I want you to know that you have options. You can always find a refuge in the Midnight Guardians pack." Axel paused and reached for the pocket of his pants before handing her a business card. "Here is my personal number." 
Damon saw red. He shoved Axel away from Talia before standing between the duo with Talia behind him. 
"Axel, you are here as a guest. How dare you suggest that Talia leaves me when I'm right here?" 
"Would you rather I do it behind your back?", Axel asked without flinching under Damon's pressure. "How I see it, Miss Talia is not having an easy time here. Unlike you, I'm not trying to force her into anything. I don't think that a lady like her should settle with belief that this is as good as it gets. If you want her to stay with you, you should treat her well." 
Talia's mind was spinning. She didn't understand what was going on, but she had an urgency to leave. "I'm going to the kitchen." 
"Miss Talia!", Axel called after her. "Call me anytime. We can stay in touch even if you are happy here…" 
Talia gritted her teeth to suppress the ache in her legs while speeding up toward the kitchen. What the hell was going on? 
---
###Chapter 92 - Obstacles Before The Festival [Bonus ]
Talia reached the kitchen that was already bustling with activity. Stephanie, Zina, and Dawn were working in full swing, and based on the mess, Talia could see that they started a while ago. Talia felt guilty for coming late. 
To her surprise, no one scolded her. 
"Oho! I was not sure if you will make it!", Dawn exclaimed excitedly, and Talia frowned at the loudness of Dawn's voice. 
"Looks like hangover…", Zina said and pushed a small packet with pills in Talia's hand. "This will help. Take two right away and in fifteen minutes the headache will subside." 
Without a word, Talia opened the packet and Dawn was already handing her a glass of water with advice, "It's important to stay hydrated." 
Talia gulped the pills and then thanked Zina and Dawn while Stephanie was ushering them to continue with their breakfast-preparing activities.. 
Zina was chopping vegetables that will become ingredients for quiche, and Dawn was working on molds made out of pastry for the same dish. 
Talia got the task to prepare the mixture for waffles. 
"We are expecting eleven people for breakfast.", Stephanie said to Talia so that she can make enough waffles for everyone. "Including the four of us, make that fifteen, and count that each will eat at least two pieces." 
Talia confirmed. "Got it. There will be no less than thirty waffles." 
After reading the instructions on the box with powdered waffle mixture, Talia went to fetch the milk, and she asked Zina, "How did you know I will need hangover medicine?" 
"Beta Maya told us that was your first time getting wasted, so I guessed that you won't be prepared.", Zina responded. 
"She told you that?" Talia was not sure how she felt about Maya advertising Talia's lack of experience. 
Dawn responded. "Don't blame her. We insisted to confirm you are fine. After we lost you in the mess in the nightclub, we were worried." 
Talia was confused. She still didn't process the information she received in the garden, but it seems there was more. "You lost me in the mess? What mess?" 
Dawn and Zina took turns narrating the massive fight that happened in the Shifters nightclub. Of course, per Maya's instructions, they omitted the part that they stepped away with Pierce and Liam when Maya mind-linked them, and because of that neither Dawn nor Zina saw Damon approaching Talia (and starting the fight). 
"You really don't remember?", Zina asked suspiciously. 
Talia shrugged. "I really don't. I remember dancing with Keith and then you guys showed up, and the next thing I know, it was morning. Other than the headache, my every muscle hurts, but I have no regrets. It was fun and the pain is the proof that last night happened." 
Dawn grinned. "Dancing with Keith. No wonder you are in pain." 
Talia didn't get it. "What?" 
Zina leaned over the kitchen island like she is about to tell a secret to Talia, but she didn't lower her voice, "Everyone knows that Keith is our expert trainer. He can move and stretch your every muscle. And I mean EVERY muscle, even the ones you never knew you had." 
Dawn giggled. "That explains why Talia is achy all over. After a night with Keith, that's normal." 
Talia understood that Zina and Dawn implied how she slept with Keith, and her face exploded in fierce blush. "I didn't spend the night with Keith. My ache is because yesterday he put me on a machine for running and I strained myself." 
Dawn and Zina wiggled their eyebrows and Talia realized that her words came out wrong. Actually, they were not wrong, but Dawn and Zina definitely interpreted it differently. 
"Look at that flustered expression. Isn't it cute?", Dawn teased. 
"Whatever you say, Talia, we will believe you.", Zina chimed in with a stifled laugh. 
Talia was exasperated. No matter what she said, those two were twisting it. 
"Girls, really, nothing happened between me and…", her words trailed when she saw Damon standing at the door, his grim appearance was like an omen that death is approaching. 
Unfortunately, Zina and Dawn were facing Talia and they didn't see Damon behind them. 
"Sure, sure…", Dawn said teasingly. "I believe you, Talia, when you say that nothing happened between you and one of the most desirable bachelors." 
"Don't deny it, girl.", Zina said matter-of-factly. "There is no shame in having a healthy sexual life!" 
The temperature in the kitchen fell down significantly, giving Talia shivers and she felt an urge to flee but her legs refused to budge. 
What the hell were those two blabbermouths saying? And why did Damon's expression turn even worse? 
"Talia…", Damon's low voice made everyone freeze. "I want you in my office. Now." 
Talia felt like crying. Is he going to kick her out of the packhouse? She was planning to move out, but not today. Well, maybe that's for the best. But he was definitely angry, and she didn't think that going to his office will bring anything good. 
Talia looked at the waffle maker like it's her lifeline. "But I am…" 
"Now!", Damon cut her off. 
Stephanie let out a long breath. Damon was not in a good mood and Dawn and Zina were practically non-responsive under his Alpha pressure. Actually, even Stephanie had to exert quite some willpower not to bow her head in submission which told her that it's serious. 
"Go and see what Alpha wants.", Stephanie told Talia. "He doesn't like to be kept waiting. I will continue with waffles." 
Talia cursed her bad luck. The day started with hangover and aches, and then it turned confusing with Axel, and talk about spanking, and now this. Talia only wanted to grab some food and go to the festival, but she needed first to cross the obstacle called grumpy Alpha Damon. 
Will he spank her again? Or maybe it's not 'again' because she doesn't remember the first time. 
Reluctantly, Talia moved toward the door and walked to the study with Damon one step behind her. 
The only good thing in this situation was that the hangover medicine Zina gave Talia started working, so her body stopped aching. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia entered the study and she jolted when the door closed behind her with a bang. 
All air left her lungs when Damon hugged her from behind. She didn't dare to move while his nose moved over the skin of her neck. 
Damon heard Dawn and Zina in the kitchen insinuating that Talia was rolling in the sheets with someone, and as much as he hated what he heard, Damon knew that it's just girls gossiping because she was spending her nights with him, and Damon was actually upset because of what happened in the garden. 
"Talia…", he murmured. "You promised you won't leave me." 
Talia felt the heat of Damon's body warming her back and her urge to lean on him caught her by surprise. Why are her self-destructive tendencies resurfacing whenever Damon gets close? 
"I did. As long as you need me, I won't leave.", Talia reminded him of that clause. Words were not enough, and his actions were pointing to the possibility that he doesn't need her anymore because he has Miss Mindy. 
"Ah!", Talia cried when Damon scooped her in his arms and carried her like she weighs nothing. 
Damon sat on the sofa and placed Talia in his lap, his arms holding her against him firmly and he buried his face in her neck. 
"I need you, Talia. You can't leave me." 
Talia's insides jolted and she had goosebumps all over when his lips moved over her skin. 
"Don't go with Axel.", he murmured. "I promise to make you happy, so you will never think of leaving me." 
Ah, the clingy Damon is here. Talia put her arms around him and gently patted his back to comfort him. 
She really had no intention of heading to a mysterious pack with an unknown guy. Ten days ago, Talia took a gamble of leaving with a stranger and she was still not sure if accepting Damon's offer to come to the Dark Howlers pack was a good or a bad move, but she knew that she couldn't go through another round of stress. 
"I won't go with Axel." 
Damon lifted his head to look into Talia's face and he smiled a little, obviously pleased with her response. "What did Axel want?" 
"He asked about my background." 
Damon was alerted. "What did you say?" 
"Don't worry.", Talia said immediately. "Maya told me what to say if anyone asks those questions. I won't put you or your pack in trouble." 
Damon's heart cracked at her choice of words. "OUR pack, Talia. Don't treat me like a stranger." 
Talia realized that she spoke without thinking. "I'm sorry. I guess I need more time to…" 
"Shh…", Damon shushed her. "It's OK. I won't rush you into anything." 
He cradled her cheek with his palm. "I look forward to the time when you treat this place as your home." 
Somehow, Talia suspected he was talking about more than just the pack. 
Damon looked into Talia's inviting lips, and he really wanted to kiss her there, but he knew that this was not the time, and it will be counterproductive. 
He leaned his forehead on Talia's and took a deep breath while Maddox's warning echoed in his mind. 
Damon wondered how to spend the day away from the girl in his arms while keeping his cool. Was that even possible? 
---
###Chapter 93 - On The Way To The Festival
Damon cradled in his arms Talia who was sitting in his lap, and for the first time in his life, he had no idea how to deal with the day that was ahead of him. 
The guests were in the packhouse, and more were on their way, and he had responsibilities and many eyes were on him, yet the only thing he wanted was to curl up with Talia and not leave the study. Or maybe they could get into his car and drive away, somewhere far, where no one will recognize them. That will work also. 
Leaving or not showing up would be irresponsible. His pack members are expecting him to be there, after all, this is one of the biggest celebrations his pack is hosting. And his allies will want to see him, and his enemies are watching also. Damn it! 
He had an option to take Talia with him, but it wouldn't be fair to put her on a spot like that without an explanation and he feared that if he tells her what it means to stay by his side in public, she will run away. 
'What am I supposed to do?', Damon asked his wolf. 
'No matter what you decide on, there will be a price to pay..' 
Damon looked into Talia's honeyed eyes that were unspoiled and he decided. No matter what, he was not willing to gamble with Talia's safety. 
"Talia, just how you need time, I want you to be patient with me." 
She didn't understand. It was totally out of context. "Patient?" 
"There are things I need to tell you. Important things. It's a long story, and I regret that I can't spend this day with you, but I hope you will be able to have fun. What I'm trying to say is, don't leave with Axel or with anyone else until you hear me out, but the timing is not right so…" He licked his lips nervously. "Give me time, OK?" 
Talia had no idea what he wanted to talk about, and she told herself not to overthink it because Damon suffered from severe mood swings and there was a high probability that the timing will never be right. By noon (if not sooner), he will forget that they had this conversation. 
"OK. When you want to talk, you know where to find me." 
Damon hummed in approval and buried his face into Talia's neck, inhaling her sweet citrusy scent of freesia while relishing the delightful sparks that made him feel alive. 
"Thank you, Talia…", his breath caressed her skin and Talia's heart skipped a beat. 
Damon really had so many things to tell her, yet when they were alone, he would fall into a daze caused by her proximity, and everything faded into a blur, leaving only him and Talia in focus like they were the only two people in the world. 
Talia let Damon hold her and she exhaled helplessly. 
She was with Damon for ten days, yet it felt like ten years or maybe ten eternities, and she vaguely remembered how her life was before he became part of it. 
As much as Talia felt joy when Damon was giving her attention, like now, it was that much harder every next time she saw him with Marcy, or Cassie, or Mindy, or whichever woman came after. It didn't matter which woman was by his side because Talia was hurt that it was not her. 
But now it was just the two of them, and Damon's heat was all around her as his delicious scent of the forest and dark chocolate coursed through her system, and she leaned on Damon and soaked in his presence like it's her last chance to feel him like this. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia walked toward the Darkbourne, happy that she avoided any further drama. 
After leaving the study (and Damon's embrace), Talia went straight to the kitchen, and she was dejected that Stephanie, Dawn, and Zina finished preparations. Talia really wanted to help, but unexpected things happened. 
Dawn and Zina were excited to touch up their makeup before going to serve breakfast in the dining room, but Talia had no intention of showing her face there. 
Talia swiftly ate one waffle and was about to leave when Stephanie gave her an insulated bag. "Take this, Talia. I prepared it for you." 
"Thank you, Steph…", Talia said, genuinely touched. 
Talia's original plan was to pack some food and take it with her to the festival, but after not being able to help with breakfast, she was embarrassed to take anything that didn't fit into her mouth. 
"Do you know where you are going?", Stephanie asked. 
"The games will start soon, and I don't want to miss it. I hope to see everything." 
"Shouldn't you go with Maya?", Stephanie asked. 
Talia shook her head. "Maya has many duties as a Beta, and I am not a child. Even if she is not busy with guests, I can imagine that she will want to spend time with Caden. I can't expect her to hold my hand, so I don't get lost." 
"Oh, you are not familiar with Darkbourne…", Stephanie said. "Come here…", Stephanie called while getting a notepad and pen. 
Stephanie drew a rough sketch of a few streets of Darkbourne with several interest points, including where the fair will be, where the sports fields are, and how to reach there from the packhouse. 
"If you walk leisurely, it will take you about twenty minutes to get there… If you are lost, just ask anyone to direct you to the town square with the clocktower, that's the center of the fair… anyone can show you which way to take in order to return to the packhouse…" 
"Will you come to the fair?", Talia asked. 
"Maybe later.", Stephanie responded with a smile, but Talia noticed that Stephanie's mood dropped. 
Stephanie was hoping that Lisa will come, and she made plans with her daughter, yet Lisa decided to stay in the Lightclaw pack because of her boyfriend, Anthony, and Stephanie was not in a festive mood. How can she be happy when she knows that her daughter is hurting? 
Stephanie lost her husband, and she has only Lisa, and as much as she hopes that Lisa will snap out of her infatuation with Anthony, Stephanie can't force her. 
Knowing that everyone will be at the fair, Stephanie decided to stay in the packhouse where she won't need to force a smile. If she changes her mind later, she can always come to the fair, but Stephanie didn't want to make any promises, and Talia didn't feel like she had the right to insist, so she dropped the topic. 
Talia left swiftly, while everyone was busy with breakfast. On her way from the kitchen to the main entry (or main exit, in this case), Talia heard Miss Mindy talking and several other unknown voices and Talia rushed out, happy that no one stopped her. 
Talia didn't want to risk Alpha Damon asking her to join them at the table, and she didn't want to be sad in case he doesn't come to look for her either, so she left first. 
Anyway, Damon already said that he won't be able to spend the day with Talia, and that meant he will be busy with guests. Guests like Miss Mindy and other important people. 
Talia was confident that among the guests there were several other females. Will any of them throw herself at Damon? Will she succeed to be Damon's Luna? Or maybe his company for tonight? 
Talia pushed those thoughts away. What was the point? Even if Damon held Talia's hand and brought her to the table to sit by his side, Talia would just be uncomfortable. This was the best possible outcome for everyone. 
She reminded herself to focus on things that matter. Tomorrow, she will think about moving out of the packhouse and figuring out her life, but today she will have fun at the festival, and Damon's presence (or absence) won't make a difference. 
Talia had plans and determination to make the most of it. 
Only when Talia was walking on the road that lead to Darkbourne, and the packhouse was hidden from sight behind the tall trees, Talia peeked into the insulated bag to see what Stephanie packed for her. 
There were two quiches, a bottle of juice, two apples, a granola bar… and a side-pocket had $100, broken down in ten bills, $10 each. 
Talia felt her eyes prickling as tears threatened to fall. No one ever took care of her like that, and Talia imagined that if she had a mother, she would wish her to be just like Stephanie. 
Talia took a mental note to thank Stephanie properly. Somehow. 
The sound of a car coming from behind got Talia's attention and she swiftly dashed between bushes that were next to the road. She didn't bother to see who was in the car because she was determined to enjoy this sensation of freedom that touched her the moment she stepped outside of the packhouse. 
She continued walking several meters away from the road, close enough not to wander, but far enough so that others don't spot her. 
Talia always liked the forest and she smiled at the rays of sun that peeked through the tree canopies, darting with the breeze that moved the leaves, like a welcoming light show of nature. There were no worries or bullies or anything else that could cause her stress. As a bonus, from the forest, Talia wouldn't know with whom Damon is spending his day or night, so she wouldn't be sad. 
She wondered, why was she cooped in her room all the time, when she could come here? 
Talia was walking toward the distant noise of the festival, and she was making plans to return here with a book and read in peace. Tomorrow. 
---
###Chapter 94 - The Summer Solstice Festival (1)
Damon was driving toward Darkbourne while trying to spot Talia and with every passing minute, his anxiety was increasing. Why did she leave on foot without saying anything? 
Earlier that morning, after Talia left the study, Damon finished some work and went to the dining room in time for breakfast. He greeted the guests, but he couldn't eat. 
Last night Talia didn't join for dinner, and when he saw her the next time, she was in the Shifters nightclub with two guys sticking to her. This time, Talia didn't join for breakfast, and Damon had a bad feeling about this. 
Sure, Damon knew that Talia will probably go to the festival, and he instructed Maya to accompany Talia, but Maya was at the table, munching on quiche, while Talia was unaccounted for. 
'Where is Talia?', Damon asked Maya through the mind-link. 
'Why should I know?', Maya responded with a question. 
'I asked you to take her to the festival..' 
'Are you expecting me to skip breakfast and neglect my duties because Talia needs company?' 
Damon let out a low growl. 'Maya, did your bravery increase because I didn't punish you for allowing Talia to get drunk last night?' 
Maya forgot about that. Damon didn't bring it up and she hoped that he won't, but the reality was different. 
'I apologize, Alpha.', Maya responded with haste. 'I spoke with Talia about accompanying her to the festival, but we didn't discuss the details. I was thinking of checking on her after making sure that everything is in order with guests.' 
Seeing that Maya was not helpful, Damon stood up and headed to the kitchen, guessing that Talia was there. If this is any other day, Damon would assume that she was in her room, but he already saw Talia, so he knew that she was awake and ready for the day. 
In the kitchen, Damon found Stephanie sipping coffee while staring absentmindedly through the window. 
"Where is Talia?", Damon asked Stephanie. 
"She left for the fair." 
Damon frowned. "With whom?" 
"On her own." 
Damon didn't like this. If she went on her own, that means she was walking. Didn't Axel point out how Talia was in so much pain that she barely walked? 
"When did she leave?" 
Stephanie was not sure. "A few minutes ago." 
Damon rushed to his car and that's how he found himself driving and looking around, hoping to spot Talia. 
He wanted to give her a ride to town and warn her to be careful and… he didn't know what else he could say because he really wanted to be with her, but he was torn between his duties and dangers and this feeling of helplessness that mixed with rage and gnawed on his insides. 
Damon cursed under his breath. He thought that he was making progress with Talia, yet with every passing day, it felt like she was drifting away. Even now, she went to the kitchen and then left the packhouse, ignoring him completely. 
Should he ask Talia to notify him before she leaves the packhouse? If he thought of that just a bit earlier, she would be in the car with him now, instead of who-knows-where. 
Damon knew that Talia loves the forest; did she go off-road? He hoped that she will stick close to the road so that he can see her. 
Unfortunately, he reached Darkbourne without spotting the girl and his chest tightened. 
Damon told himself to calm down. Talia probably took the route through the forest, and he missed her, but that won't change the fact that he was unable to find her, and he feared that one day she will be out of his reach, for real. 
Without any bright ideas on how to find Talia, Damon turned the car and drove back to the packhouse where he left guests having breakfast. On this day, Damon needed to play his role of an Alpha no matter how much his soul cried for Talia's proximity. 
Actually, for the sake of Talia and her safety, Damon needed to pull himself together and act like everything is fine. 
Alpha Maddox warned Damon that there will be many people watching, and if anyone suspects that Talia is the girl Alpha Richard is curious about, she will be in danger. Damn it! 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The sports fields were on the opposite side of Darkbourne compared to the packhouse, so Talia got to pass through the busy main street, and she saw the town square that was bustling with activity while everyone was doing final preparations for the festival. 
In the center of the town square is a clock tower, decorated with colorful streamers and little triangle-shaped flags, and there is a small fountain and a lot of balloons. 
Numerous mobile stalls were lined up to create several passages where one could play games or buy food and various merchandise, and Talia was curious to see what are the offerings. 
Talia took a peek to see two teenage girls arranging paper fans and necklaces made out of seashells, another stall offered dreamcatchers of various colors, and the next one had palm-sized stones that had messages written on them. 
A bit further away, two bulky guys were pushing a big machine in place that had nets on each side and a basketball hoop at the far end. Talia guessed that this is a game where one needs to throw the ball into the hoop a few times and not miss in order to win a prize. 
Talia read about those kinds of games online while doing her research in preparation for the upcoming festival. Exciting! 
One stall had plush toys hanging in three rows, and each toy had a small swaying target above it. 
Talia's insides fluttered at all the positive energy around her. People were smiling and laughing and singing with the music that blasted from speakers that were attached to roofs of several stalls, and Talia was looking forward to seeing how amazing it will be when the fair actually starts in a few hours. 
There were many other stalls that Talia didn't get to check, but she left them for later because she didn't want to be late for the games. 
Several streams of people converged into a single street and Talia knew that's the direction of the sports fields. At this rate, she didn't need the map that Stephanie gave her. Talia only needed to follow the crowd. 
At the end of the street was a big open area, and vendors offering snacks and various gadgets for cheering were lining the main path on each side. 
Talia took a deep breath, inhaling the scent of popcorn that mixed with hotdogs. Mouthwatering. 
She glanced at the massive hands made out of sponges, hats with logos of teams that will participate, as well as t-shirts, pom-poms, blowers, and several other things she couldn't recognize. 
The bleachers were getting packed with the audience, while some guys in jerseys were running on the big grass-covered field to warm up. There was one other field on the right with a massive bouncy house where kids were screaming excitedly, and on the field behind it, several people were busying themselves on setting up the hot air balloon that will offer rides. 
Talia was focused on the central field, where the games will be played. She headed to the side that had a sign 'home team', and she was happy to see a few isolated empty seats in the first few rows. Everyone came in groups, so those few seats were left for loners, like Talia. She didn't mind. 
Talia thought that meeting with Keith, Liam, Pierce, Caleb, Lulu, and Sandy will be easy, but now that she saw all the crowd and the commotion where the participants were, Talia realized that there is a chance she won't see them at all other than while they are playing the game. But she didn't allow that to discourage her. 
Talia took a seat in the second row and observed all the cheery faces around her. 
Even with all the people crowding the seats, she spotted several vendors with trays who were snaking between seats and selling snacks. 
It was very lively. 
Talia's sight froze on the North side of the field. There was a covered area that towered above the bleachers and Talia didn't need to guess for whom that's reserved. Of course, it was for Alpha Damon and his guests, a VVIP lounge of some sort. The lounge was empty, so Talia guessed that they are yet to arrive. 
She forced herself to look away because any thoughts about Damon will come with an unpleasant backlash she didn't want to experience, yet she knew that it's inevitable. 
---
###Chapter 95 - The Summer Solstice Festival (2)
"Talia! Talia!", a voice reached her, and Talia saw Liam waving at her from the field enthusiastically. 
Just like a number of other players on the field, Liam was wearing a dark grey jersey with an outline of a wolf howling on it, and it had number 7. 
If not for the low wall divider between the audience and the field, they could meet in a few steps. 
Talia waved back at him in a greeting, hoping that his shout didn't attract too much attention in all the noise from the music and people talking. 
Of course, Pierce was among people who heard Liam's shout and he was quick to join. 
Pierce was wearing the same jersey as Liam, but his had a number 5 on it. 
"Good that you made it!", Pierce said with a big smile. 
"I said that I will come and cheer for you, right?", Talia responded without shouting, confident that they can hear her.. 
Other than Pierce, Keith also heard Liam calling Talia and he craned his neck to see where she is. He perked up when he saw that Talia was on her own. 
'Ask Talia to come here…', Keith spoke to Liam and Pierce through the mind-link. 
Keith was pleased to see that Talia followed their instructions to the door that opened to the sports field. 
"Hi, Keith", Talia greeted him while eyeing other guys who were around him and she smiled when she saw that Caleb, Lulu, and Sandy were there also, their familiar faces greeted Talia enthusiastically. 
They were all wearing dark gray jerseys, except for Sandy whose jersey was dark green, and it had number 1 on it. 
Keith was wearing dark gray joggers and a matching jacket that said 'COACH' on his back, and there was a silvery outline of a wolf's head below it. 
Seeing that Talia stopped a few steps from others, Keith waved at her to come closer. 
"Why did you sit there?", Keith pointed toward the audience from where Talia came. "Didn't I promise you the best seat to see the game?" 
Talia was not sure if there is a better spot compared to that VVIP booth, and her previous seat was quite good also, but then she saw Keith gesturing toward the bench that is reserved for players, coaches, and other people who are important for the game. It was right there, next to the field line. 
"Everyone!", Keith called. "This is Talia. Treat her well." 
Players' greetings melded into indistinct murmurs that were accompanied by nods and casual waves. A few people observed Talia curiously, but most of them were trying to focus on the upcoming game and they didn't have time to focus on the newcomer. 
Talia was a bit intimidated by the situation she found herself in, and she didn't dare to look at the audience, confident that some of them were looking her way. 
"Is it OK for me to be here?", Talia asked Keith nervously. Standing on the field with players wearing jerseys and surrounded by thousands of people who were seated in the audience was not Talia's style. She preferred to stay invisible. 
"Absolutely.", Keith assured her. "I thought you will come with Beta Maya." 
"She is busy with guests and other things, so I came on my own." 
Keith moved closer to Talia and he observed her while confirming that she has no injuries. "Katya told me that you left before the fight started. Are you alright?" 
Talia was touched by his concern. "I woke up with a hangover, but after taking the medicine, I'm completely fine." 
Keith shook his head in disapproval. "Next time, be mindful of your limits. If I knew you will drink yourself into a hangover, I would insist that you leave with me." 
Leave with him? Would he take her to the packhouse, or…? Talia remembered naughty talk with Dawn and Zina when they insinuated that she spent the night with Keith, and Talia's face exploded in blush. 
Of course, Keith noticed that Talia got flustered. He chuckled. "I was talking about dropping you off home before you got wasted, but it seems you have something else on your mind. I will give you a dollar for your thoughts." 
Talia lowered her head in embarrassment. What was she thinking? There was NO WAY she will talk about it ever. 
Keith thought that Talia was adorable, and he wanted to pinch her cheeks and tease her more, but people were watching, so he decided to tone it down. He patted her shoulder. "I was just joking. You can roam around or just sit on the bench. I need to give a few more instructions to my team before the game starts…" 
Talia scurried to the bench. She didn't want to attract any more attention. 
"It seems that Keith likes you.", Lulu said while taking a seat next to Talia. 
"Isn't he nice to everyone?" 
"You call that nice?" Lulu gestured toward a group in dark gray jerseys who were listening to Keith who was waving wildly while shouting some things Talia didn't understand. 
Talia had to admit that Keith's expression was serious, and she wouldn't trade places with any of the people who were currently facing Keith. 
"How come you are not with them?", Talia asked Lulu. 
Lulu pointed at the number 26 on her jersey. "I'm a backup, and Keith is giving instructions on strategies for the beginning of the game. Since it can get rough, we need quite a bit of substitutes in order to maintain eleven functioning players on the field." Lulu gestured to another group of people in dark gray jerseys who were standing a few steps away, indicating that they are backups also. 
"I see…" Talia said thoughtfully. "Substitute. Does that mean you will play later?" 
Lulu confirmed. "When someone gets hurt. It seems that you don't know much about soccer." 
"It's my first time watching the game.", Talia admitted. 
She knew that it was about people chasing the ball and trying to kick it into the opponent's soccer goal, and she heard that it's more intense compared to the game that humans are playing, but that's as far as her knowledge of the game went. 
Lulu started explaining, "Sandy is a goalie. That's why her jersey is a different color. She is the only one who can touch the ball with her hands… Liam is a winger. He is the fastest on our team… Pierce is playing defense, he is in the center… Caleb is also a defensive player..." 
Talia understood that numbers for the first batch of players signify their position in the game, while backups are mostly random, but each of them has their stronger and weaker points. 
"Aren't you the invisible girl who put us on high alert?", a tall guy with a head full of red hair asked while towering above Talia. He wore a dark gray jersey with the number 10 on it. 
Talia didn't get it. "Invisible girl?" 
Lulu saw that the mood was tense, so she tried to ease it up a bit. "Mark, this is Talia. The coach said that she can be here. Talia, this is Mark." 
Mark didn't pay heed to Lulu's attempt at making them friends. He narrowed his eyes at Talia. "A few nights ago, we were all searching for you in the woods, and I nearly tripped on you. I never saw anyone being so good in concealing his presence. I was not expecting praise for finding you, but I definitely didn't expect Alpha to nearly rip my throat off." 
Talia had no idea what he was talking about. Invisible? Someone was searching for her? Damon nearly bit his throat off? 
Talia didn't know that the man in front of her was part of the patrol who found Talia when Damon panicked, thinking that Talia left the pack, and she actually fell asleep in the forest when she got tired while collecting herbs. The patrols couldn't sense her because she consumed plants that concealed her scent. 
Mark was curious about Talia's strange absence of scent. Here, in the crowd, no one would notice, but that night, Mark was in the forest, and as an experienced tracker he was supposed to pick up Talia's scent, yet there was nothing. How could he accept that? And to make things worse, Alpha bared his teeth at him like he was the enemy. 
That night was unpleasant for Mark, and he blamed Talia for it. 
"Chill, Mark.", Lulu said. "Are you sure you've got the right person? Why don't you focus on the game instead of scaring the new girl?" 
Mark cocked an eyebrow and left but Talia couldn't shake off the unpleasant feeling. She could sense that Mark didn't like her. 
Lulu tried to smoothen the situation. "Don't worry about him. Mark got to play offensive midfielder this time, and it got into his head." Seeing that Talia's brows were still furrowed, Lulu added, "Mark is not a bad guy. He is just on edge because of the game." 
"Isn't this a friendly game?" 
"Of course, it is. But we are hosts and most of the people here will be cheering for us. If we lose in the first round, it will be a big downer, so we need to do our best and reach the finals. The pressure is much more than when we are the guest team." Lulu proceeded to explain how teams will meet in elimination games, and the top two will reach the finals to win the trophy and a lot of bragging rights. 
---
###Chapter 96 - The Summer Solstice Festival (3)
The crowd of players in dark gray jerseys that were around Keith formed a line and started a light jog to warm up, leaving a few players to stand on the side and stretch. 
Keith used this breather to join Talia and Lulu on the bench, but before Keith could reach the bench, a teenage girl approached him with haste. "Coach!" 
Keith looked behind her like he was expecting someone, and then he asked the girl, "Where is Rosie?" 
"I'm sorry, coach, but my sister found her mate last night." 
Keith's face fell. "Does that mean she won't make it?" 
The girl looked at Keith and shook her head guiltily. She pushed some things into his hands, mumbled an apology, and left. 
Keith dragged his feet to the bench and plopped on it. "I hope this is not a sign of how the rest of the day will go." 
. 
"Who is Rosie?", Talia asked Lulu in a whisper. 
"She is our team spirit.", Lulu responded and pointed at things in Keith's hand. "Those are parts of her costume." 
Talia didn't get it. A team spirit with a costume? 
Keith rubbed his face irritably before adding to Lulu's explanation, "Rosie was practicing our cheering dance. If I knew this would happen, I would get a few more girls to practice as a backup." 
He was frustrated to make this rookie mistake. But this was his first year to be the main coach. So far, Keith was assisting the previous coach who decided four months ago that he wants to travel the world, leaving Keith to manage all these sport-ish activities in the pack. 
Keith was knowledgeable about the game, strategies, and training players, and he focused on those aspects which made it easy to miss the miscellaneous things that are part of the whole experience. He really needed a team manager. 
Seeing that Talia was looking at him blankly, Keith pointed to the other side of the field, where another team was warming up. "Do you see that girl in the blue skirt?" Talia nodded, and Keith continued, "She is the team spirit for their team. Every team has one, and now we don't." 
Keith hid his face in his palms and let out a string of unintelligible sounds that was a mix of groans and curses. 
Talia wanted to comfort him, but she didn't know what to say, so she kept quiet. 
"Aren't you giving up too early?", Lulu asked Keith. 
"Game starts in ten minutes. Where will I find a cute girl that doesn't have other plans, and can learn the routine?", Keith grumbled. 
"Is routine necessary? As for a cute girl who is available, we have one right here…" 
Talia's face fell when she realized that Lulu was talking about her. 
Before Talia could , Keith was looking at her with sparkles in his eyes. "Talia, you need to do this, for the team. For the pack." 
"Do, what, exactly?", Talia asked robotically. 
Without a word, Keith placed a headband on her head. It had black wolf ears. 
"Give me your hands. These are your paws…" he put fingerless gloves on Talia, and while she was looking at her now furry hands, Keith reached into the sports bag that was on the ground, next to the bench. 
Talia didn't move a muscle when Keith pulled over her head a dark gray jersey with number 0 on it which was big enough to fit over Talia's clothes and have additional space. 
Keith adjusted the headband that was on Talia's head and hummed in approval. "Now you are the spirit of Dark Howlers team. Perfect." 
And just like that, Talia became the team spirit. 
'Everyone!', Keith mind-linked team members. 'Rosie is out, but Talia agreed to be our team spirit. Let's show her our support and she will give us hers.' 
"Awoooo!" Howls erupted from the field, and even Lulu and Keith were part of the sudden noise and Talia shrunk. 
What the heck was going on? She came to check out the festival and watch the game. How did she end up in a costume? If she knew it will come to this, Talia would stick to her seat in the audience and not come to the field. 
Keith put his hand on Talia's back. "They are happy to have you here as our team spirit. We all are." 
"I don't know how to be a team spirit.", Talia said weakly while brainstorming exit strategies. 
"Cheer for us to win. Think of it as moral support. Other than that, you need to be cute, and you have that covered." Keith ended with a wink, and Talia felt her cheeks warming. 
Keith said that she is cute. That was a first. No one ever called her cute and Talia was not sure how to respond. 
Should she thank him for the compliment? What if he didn't mean it and she makes a fool of herself when she thanks him? 
Before she could think of something to say, Keith was on his feet, and he was shouting instructions at two people in dark gray jerseys who just came to the field. The game still didn't start, but they were late for warmup. 
Talia was totally out of her comfort zone with this whole team spirit thing, but Keith was her personal trainer, and he was nice to her, and if she could help him out by wearing this costume, she was determined to go through it. Well, at least she will try. 
"Congratulations on becoming the team spirit.", a man said while plopping on the bench next to Talia and she jolted in fright. 
"Doctor Travis!", Talia exclaimed when she recognized the newcomer. 
Talia was happy to see another familiar friendly face! 
Travis rubbed his eyes and looked at the field. He was holding onto a disposable cup and Talia picked up the scent of coffee. 
"Is the hospital busy?", Lulu asked. 
Travis nodded. "It's crazy since last night. Luckily, it was just a bunch of cuts and bruises with a few broken bones and no casualties other than my sleep. Cathy was supposed to come with me, but she is sleeping in the staff room, and I couldn't wake her up. We all had a sleepless night." 
Travis threw a side-glance at Talia who was looking at him with sparkles in her eyes. "Why are you looking at me like that? Do I have something on my face?" 
"Uhm… no… it's just…", Talia stumbled over her words. Waah! If she tells him that she is happy to see him, he might misunderstand. "I didn't know you will be here." 
Travis smiled at Talia who was completely flustered, but he didn't want to tease her. He gestured toward the group of players that formed a semi-circle in front of Keith. "Someone needs to fix them up." He looked at Talia with amusement. "How did you become the team spirit?" 
Talia looked at her fuzzy hands helplessly. "The original team spirit found her mate and couldn't come, and they needed someone, and I was here so…" 
Travis stifled a laugh. Talia was obviously uncomfortable but pushing herself to do it. 
"You will do great. Don't worry about it. It's just about shouting 'GO HOWLERS' and doing a few cartwheels when we score a goal.", Travis said to Talia and then he yawned. 
Talia thought that she is going to pass out. "What?" 
Lulu giggled. "He is messing with you. You don't need to do cartwheels, but shouting is encouraged." 
Talia shrunk between Travis and Lulu while wishing for an invisibility spell. 
Several more people got onto the field, each wearing completely black outfits and Lulu told Talia that those are referees. "Coaches take turns being referees with the rule that one can't be a referee when his team is playing…" 
Talia was grateful for the explanations that Lulu provided. It helped her understand what's going on. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Up in the VIP area, Damon took seats with his guests, and he glared at Maya with displeasure which Maya caught, but she pretended that she didn't notice. 
She knew that Damon wanted her to go and find Talia, but Talia is not a child, and Maya was confident that Talia will manage. 
However, Maya felt guilty because she would go and find Talia if not for Damon's stubborn insistence without any explanation. 
If Damon said that he cares about Talia, that he was worried about her, or anything... it would be different, but Damon was in his dictator-mode where he would boss people around and Maya didn't like it because matters of the heart can't be forced, and his behavior was contradicting everything a mate should do. If Maya didn't witness Damon cuddling with sleeping Talia in the back seat of the car on the day when they left the Red Moon pack, Maya would never guess that Talia is Damon's mate. 
It took Maya a few deep breaths to push aside the negativity that Damon caused and to focus on Talia and check where she was. 
Considering that Keith was one of the few people Talia knew, Maya guessed that Talia will be with him and a few players she met in the training center. After all, they talked about watching games and Keith mentioned securing seats for them. 
Maya stood up and looked at the field, where the home team was. Thanks to her werewolf-enhanced vision, it took Maya only a few seconds to spot Talia sitting on the bench between Travis and Lulu and she smiled when she saw a pair of fuzzy black ears on top of Talia's head. 
Since Travis was one of the few people who were familiar with Talia's circumstances, Maya mind-linked him, 'Let me know when Talia wants to leave the field. She is new and I want to keep an eye on her.' 
'Of course, Beta Maya', Travis responded right away. 
Satisfied with this, Maya went to sit next to Caden while ignoring Damon's glare. 
---
###Chapter 97 - The Summer Solstice Festival (4)
In the VIP area… 
The unease in Damon's chest was increasing by the minute and the only thing that prevented him from flipping the table with all the drinks and snacks was that he was surrounded by Alphas and other high-ranking individuals from neighboring packs, and if he makes a spectacle, they will definitely have many questions Damon was not willing to answer. 
'What's the status with Talia?', Damon asked Maya through the mind-link when he couldn't take it anymore. 
'What about her?', Maya asked nonchalantly. 
Damon's hands balled into fists. 'You should find her and make sure she is fine.' 
'Why are you so concerned about her?', Maya asked. 'Talia is a big girl. I'm sure she is fine.' 
Damon couldn't believe this.. 'Are you disobeying me?' 
Maya felt Damon releasing his aura and she realized that she was close to crossing the line. 
Maya is a brave and stubborn woman, but she wouldn't dare disobey Damon, mostly because that would draw a wedge between Damon and Caden. Maya was confident that if she defied Damon, it would mean she can't be Beta anymore and that would impact Caden as well. She didn't want to make Caden choose between his duty (and best friend), and her (aka his mate). It wouldn't be fair because Maya knew that they are all important to Caden. 
But Maya didn't want to tell Damon Talia's whereabouts. Why would she make it easy for him? 
If Damon is a man he thinks he is, he would go and take care of his mate, and not leave her alone while concealing the fact that they are mates. 
Maya didn't get it. Are all men so dense? How does Damon think this will end up? Sure, he believes that he is protecting Talia, but the truth is that he is alienating the poor girl. 
Mates are about security and unconditional acceptance, and Damon was not doing any of that. Actually, by concealing her importance, he was sending a message that Talia was not good enough and even though Talia didn't understand it, she could feel it. It was obvious that Talia was avoiding him because his behavior was confusing at best, and he was probably scaring her as well. 
At this rate, they will crash and burn, and it will be Damon's doing and that's why Maya didn't care about Damon, but she was determined to help Talia see that there is a world outside Damon's presence and Maya hoped that will help Talia stand on her own two feet. 
Maya was aware that Caden shared her opinion on how Damon should disclose Talia is his mate, but Maya also knew that Caden is taking Damon's side in this whole thing. After all, the two of them are buddies for a long time and Caden always had Damon's back. 
'Calm down, Alpha, you don't want your guests to suspect something is wrong.', Maya said in an official tone. 'Talia is safe. I'm keeping an eye on her.' 
… 
Eleven players from two teams that are playing in the first match stood in the middle of the field and listened to the referee who was telling them the rules. 
When that was over, they all turned to look at the VIP lounge where Damon stood up and spoke into a microphone, "I want to thank everyone for coming here to celebrate Summer Solstice with us…" 
Talia was standing next to the bench with other substitute players, Travis, and Keith. They all stood up when Damon started talking, as a sign of respect. 
Talia couldn't focus on what Damon was saying because the sound of his voice coming from the speaker was distorted into an indistinct buzzing under the influence of Talia's rampant thoughts which clashed with her emotions. 
Damon was there with Maya, Caden, Alpha Maddox, Mindy, Axel, and other guests and Talia couldn't believe that was the same man who was holding her in his embrace less than an hour ago. 
That was not Damon she knew. 
That was Alpha Damon, the scary Alpha, a stranger. He was standing above all, serious and overbearing. With just one glance it was obvious that he was reigning over everyone. 
Talia lowered her head because she didn't want to look at him anymore. 
She didn't want to be reminded how she doesn't belong there. Not now. Not ever. 
Did she want to be part of such a circle? 
The mental image of Damon's face when she was accused of stealing food was suffocating. He just stood there and watched it happen. Talia will never forget that. And she will never forget that after she lowered her guard, she saw him getting cozy with Cassie… and how could she forget the first time she saw him, with princess Marcy between his legs? Of course, she didn't belong there. 
That was not how she wanted to live her life. 
For Talia, it was crystal clear that Damon and his party are like creatures from a different dimension, and the only thing she didn't understand was why he would occasionally show her a side of him that made her like him. 
Talia shook her head. She was such a fool to allow herself to have these feelings that came without any warning, and now they turned bitter, and she was tired of suffering because of something that lived only in her mind. 
She was like a child who had an invisible friend no one else can see. 
In her mind, Talia created a version of Damon who was clingy and gentle and sometimes funny, a Damon who made her feel safe and needed, a Damon who was cheeky and couldn't wait to hold her hand, a Damon who saw her as more than a temporary entertainment, more than a pet, more than a charity project, and he called her Mrs. Blake. 
It was hard to let go of that Damon, but Talia knew it had to be done because he was not real. 
Talia felt a hand gently squeezing her shoulder. 
"Are you OK?", Keith asked in a low voice. "If this team spirit is not your cup of tea, you don't need to do it." 
Talia was glad that he is not a mind-reader. 
She blinked her tears away and looked at Keith. "The game is about to start. Where are you going to find another cute girl to cheer for you?" 
Keith paused for a moment and then chuckled when he realized that she repeated his words. "You will do just fine, Talia." 
… 
The game started and the audience became lively, shouting cheers and curses when the ball would switch from one team to another, and the volume increased as the ball approached either of the soccer goals. 
Talia observed the action on the field with her eyes open wide and her heart thundered in her chest from excitement. 
Liam was the fastest player in the Dark Howlers team and Talia thought how the tattoo of the cheetah on his arm suits him. 
Talia stood on her feet when Liam got the ball and he rushed toward the opponent's goal. 
The whole audience erupted in screams when two players in blue jerseys closed in on Liam and a moment later, Liam tumbled while clutching his leg. 
The referee pulled a yellow ticket as a warning to players in blue jerseys and waved at medics to bring in the stretchers for Liam who was not moving. 
It all happened quickly. 
Talia pressed her hand against her mouth, and she didn't blink as they brought Liam toward their bench with Travis meeting them halfway and running with them out of the field line while asking Liam questions to assess his condition. 
Keith was quick to send the substitute player in, and Travis was checking on Liam's leg as soon as medics kept the stretcher on the ground. 
"How is he?", Keith asked with concern obvious in his voice. 
"I don't think it's broken, but a nasty bruise is forming… Damn it! It's swelling already!" Travis looked up at Keith. "I want to send him for an x-ray…" 
Keith cursed under his breath. The game just started, and he lost his fastest runner. But no matter how fast Liam was, those two were waiting to intercept him. It was obvious that the other team was aware of Liam's importance as the fastest player, and they were aiming to take him out of the game as soon as possible. 
"No.", Liam ed. "I want to play. Put some ice on it and give me painkillers. My wolf will heal it in no time. I've had worse." 
Keith and Travis exchanged glances, but Liam was determined to go back into the game. 
"If in ten minutes there is no improvement, you are going to the hospital.", Travis said and waved at Talia. "Come and help to hold the ice…" 
Talia was happy that she can be useful. 
Travis sprayed an anesthetic on Liam's bruised leg and explained, "This will numb you up, and ice will prevent the swelling… take these also…" He gave two capsules to Liam. "Stay still and I will check on you in ten minutes." 
"Flip the ice on every minute or so…", Travis instructed Talia and then he went to scribble something in his notepad. 
Lulu and a few substitute players who were standing around Liam to hear about his condition also turned to watch the game. 
---
###Chapter 98 - The Summer Solstice Festival (5)
Talia observed that both Keith and Travis were serious and focused on their tasks and she glanced at Liam who was sitting on the stretcher and watching the game with a frown on his face. 
It seemed that everyone had a task they were passionate about, and Talia hoped that one day she will also have something that sets her spirit ablaze. At this point, Talia's focus was on surviving and gaining independence, and she believed that once she takes care of the basics, she will find her passion as well. 
Talia flipped the ice and looked at Liam who was now smiling at her. 
"There is no need to be so gentle.", he said. "The doctor numbed me up good and I don't feel a thing." 
"But the numbing will go away and if I hurt you now, you will feel it later.", Talia responded. 
Liam shook his head while thinking how Talia is a kind girl.. 
By the time anesthesia wears off, his werewolf healing will take care of the injury. As long as it's not a torn muscle or a broken bone, he will be good as new in a few hours even without any treatment. As a werewolf herself, Talia should know that. But then... Liam didn't hate how Talia treated him with care. 
Liam perked up when he realized that everyone was focused on the game, and this was his opportunity for some one-on-one time with Talia. 
"I didn't get a chance to ask, where did you disappear last night? We were dancing and Dawn pulled me to the side and then an epic fight erupted. I was trying to find you, but you were nowhere to be found. We were worried that you got swept away in the scuffle, but you were not among injured so…", his voice trailed, obviously waiting for Talia to explain what happened. 
"I'm not sure.", Talia responded honestly. "I drank too much. I remember dancing, and the next scene is me waking up in the morning with a nasty hangover." 
She heard Damon mentioning carrying and spanking, but that didn't make sense, so Talia dismissed it. In any case, Talia didn't want to think about Damon. 
"That bad, eh?", Liam asked with a chuckle. If he knew that Talia was wasted so badly, he would stick to her closely, and maybe she would wake up in his bed. Ah, the possibilities! 
Talia switched hands because other than cooling Liam's injury, her hand was also getting cold to the point of being uncomfortable. Talia didn't have a metabolism of a werewolf that would keep her warm, and even with furry gloves, her fingers were exposed and cold. 
Liam noticed Talia balling her free hand into a fist repeatedly and he took her hand between his and blew softly. "Let me warm you up." 
Talia looked at Liam who was treating her hand like a precious treasure and her breath hitched. She was not used to such a gentle treatment. 
They were on the playing field, with hundreds of people in visual range, yet at that moment, the atmosphere between Talia and Liam became very intimate, like it's just the two of them. 
The heat in Talia's cheeks told her that she was blushing profusely. "There is no need." 
"I insist…", Liam said while increasing his hold on Talia's hand so that she can't pull it out. "You are tending to my injury. The least I can do is to make sure you don't freeze…" And then he blew into her hand again. 
Talia was not sure where to look so she decided to stare at his tattoos. 
At a certain point, Travis checked on Liam's injury and after pressing some areas on Liam's leg, Travis cleared him as good to return to the game. 
Travis was bandaging Liam's leg and Liam held Talia's hand the whole time. 
"You can let go of her hand, Liam.", Travis said with a chuckle. 
"She is the team spirit. I'm feeding off her energy.", Liam said matter-of-factly. 
Travis shook his head and smiled. He could see that Liam was shameless, but it was only holding hands, so he didn't want to meddle. 
Liam stood up and tried stepping on his foot before confirming that he is fine. 
"Good luck.", Talia told Liam and he grabbed her hand. Before she could react, Liam twisted her wrist and kissed the back of her palm (over the furry glove). 
"Thank you for supporting me. My next goal will be for you.", Liam said to Talia with a grin, and he winked before going to stand next to Keith at the field line and wait for the referee to call him to enter the game. 
"Thank you for your help.", Travis said to Talia while keeping things back into his medical suitcase. 
"I'm glad I could help." And she was glad it was over. The hand holding was awkward. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The crowd erupted in screams when Liam scored a goal for the Dark Howlers team, and shortly after that, the first halftime was over with the result being a tie. 
A game consisted of two halftimes, each thirty minutes long, and there was a ten minutes-long break between halftimes. 
Two bulky guys brought a massive cooler that was filled with ice and various beverages. 
All players dashed for the cooler to get a drink, and Talia observed them from the bench, happy that she survived the first halftime without the need to do cartwheels or anything excessive. But she noticed that the girl in the blue dress cheered for the opposite team enthusiastically and Talia thought that maybe she needs to up her game. Somehow. 
Pierce patted Liam's back with more force than necessary. "When you got injured and the blue bastards scored a goal, we all thought we are done, but then you came back and evened the score. Impressive!" 
Liam lifted his chin smugly. "Yeah. They messed me up quite badly, but the team spirit helped me." 
Pierce turned to look at Talia curiously. "Talia? What did she do?" 
"Eh…", Liam chuckled mysteriously. "Our team spirit was holding my hand while meds kicked in and I'm sure that the kiss brought me good luck. The moment my lips touched her, I could feel the positive energy surging through me." 
"A kiss?", Pierce asked under his breath, and a few more players turned to look at Talia who stood up from the bench as an urge to flee swelled within her. 
The tall man with a head full of blonde hair and a number 3 on his jersey walked toward Talia while eyeing her. "You gave Liam a kiss for good luck?" 
"Hand! Liam kissed my hand!", Talia said with urgency, and she stepped backward over the bench in an attempt to increase the distance between her and the guy who was obviously thinking about kissing her. 
Talia panicked. They are not thinking about forcing kisses on her, are they? She didn't have a proper kiss in her life, and now this? 
Talia's hair stood on ends. Why are two more guys approaching her? 
She glanced nervously at Liam. "Explain this properly!" 
Talia didn't believe in kiss for good luck nonsense, but the sparkles in eyes of players told her that they are superstitious. 
Liam stifled a laugh before admitting, "Yes, it was on the hand." 
"Just a hand. He kissed my hand.", Talia repeated in a calmer voice, but she was still moving backward. 
Talia froze when her back hit something solid. It was Keith. 
"As a team spirit, you should do this for the team…", Keith murmured close to Talia's ear, and she felt like crying. "I will make it up to you. I promise." 
Talia didn't care about making up anything. She wanted to escape, but there was no visible exit. 
And just like that, all players from the Dark Howlers team lined up to hold and kiss Talia's hand. Even Mark who gave Talia bad vibes before the game, now stood in line obediently. 
... 
In the VIP lounge… 
"What is your team doing? What kind of a ritual is that?", Mindy asked while munching on freshly roasted peanuts. 
After asking her questions, Mindy narrowed her eyes while wondering if that's the same girl who was serving them on the previous day… the girl who Mindy mistook for an underage girl. 
Most of them in the VIP lounge were watching the game (with a few exceptions who were fiddling with their phones), but during the break, everyone was chatting while enjoying refreshments that were brought in. 
After Mindy's comments, they all looked down to see what got Mindy's attention. 
Alpha Maddox and Axel had matching expressions of confusion and there was some amusement as well. 
Caden craned his neck to satisfy his curiosity, and his eyes nearly bulged out at the sight on the field. 
Talia was sitting on the bench with her arm extended in front of her, and all players from the Dark Howlers team were taking turns in holding and kissing her hand, substitute players included, males and females. Some even kneeled in front of Talia, in a ceremony that looked like they were pledging allegiance to their queen. 
Caden glanced at Damon, and he could almost see the murderous stormy cloud forming above Damon's head as the latter watched the scene on the field. 
Damon couldn't believe this. Why was Talia wearing a headband with fuzzy black ears that increased her cuteness level? And why was she on the field, surrounded by a bunch of sweaty guys? And what's with all that touching and kissing? Unacceptable! 
What's up with the guy with number 5 on his jersey? Why is he chatting and smiling while kneeling in front of Talia? How dares he!? That kiss on Talia's hand lasted much longer than necessary! 
---
###Chapter 99 - The Summer Solstice Festival (6)
In the VIP lounge... 
Damon watched the scene on the field. 
Talia was with a bunch of guys around her, they were taking turns in kneeling and kissing her hand, and Damon felt like someone was wrenching the heart out of his chest. It was the most painful thing Damon experienced in his life and he thought that he is going to lose his mind. 
'I told you that Talia is fine.', Maya's voice sounded in Damon's head, and Damon's insides tied into knots as he was suppressing his impulse to go on a rampage. 
'You call that fine!?', Damon snapped at Maya through the mind-link. 'What's going on there!?' 
'I know as much as you do.', Maya responded honestly. 
Damon's wolf was non-responsive, and Damon never felt this lonely. With Talia by his side, Damon was at peace and the fact that Talia was enjoying with someone other than him was infuriating and numbing at the same time, making him feel dead inside. He didn't want to lose her. 
Damon's jaw tightened as he chanted internally that it's NOT a good idea to jump there and snatch Talia away in front of all that audience. 
'Go there and tell them to stop!', Damon told Maya through the mind-link. 
Maya rolled her eyes. 'You are kidding, right? How can I do that without causing a scene? Besides, you told me to make sure Talia has fun at the festival. It seems to me that she is having a blast.' 
'A BLAST!?', Damon fumed. 
How the hell can his mate enjoy without him around? And Talia was surrounded by a bunch of scarcely dressed sweaty men! 
That's his mate, damn it! 
'BAM!' 
Damon punched the table with refreshments, snapping it in two. 
Plates and glasses shattered, covering the ground with a mess of glass, beverages, and snacks. 
"Alpha, can we talk?", Caden waved at Damon to step outside the lounge. 
"I apologize, it was an accident…", Maya was quick to do damage control while mind-linking Omegas to clean up and bring another batch of refreshments to people who looked at Damon in confusion. 
Most of the Alphas have unpredictable tempers, and Damon has a bad reputation, so no one dared to comment on Damon's outburst. Not for him to hear, at least. 
… 
"What was that?", Caden asked Damon when they stepped out of the earshot of guests. 
Damon shoved his hand into his hair angrily. "I snapped." 
"I can see that. But I don't understand why." 
Of course, Caden knew why Damon blew a fuse, but he wanted Damon to admit it. 
Seeing that Damon was not responding, Caden tried a different approach. "I know you for a long time and I can see that something is weighing on you. I would like to help, but unless you open up, I will probably do more damage." 
Damon shook his head, refusing to share his thoughts. "It's nothing." 
"Fine. Don't tell me.", Caden said dryly. "But if you keep breaking furniture in front of all those guests, other than rogues, spies, and Elders pushing women to be your brides, you will need to deal with others proclaiming you as mentally unstable." 
Damon frowned. Since when was his mental stability in question? "They wouldn't dare." 
Caden shrugged. "A few years ago, you said that they wouldn't dare to force marriage on you, yet look at you now. As much as you don't want to admit, they are wining and it's only a matter of time before they force you to pick a Luna. Maybe you should accept Marcy." 
"NO!", Damon roared. "What the hell are you saying?" 
The idea of being with Marcy gave him goosebumps. Any woman other than Talia was out of the question. 
Caden lifted his hands defensively. "Let's not talk about Marcy now. Alpha Maddox came with Mindy. What about her?" 
"What's wrong with you? Why are you talking about random women?" 
Caden shrugged. "I'm just reminding you of your options. There is also Cassie, Jade, Leah, Stella, Betty, and if you give me a minute, I can get you a much longer list of willing candidates. They are all decent-looking with some good and some bad sides. As long as you focus on the positives, any of them will work. Maybe you should prioritize them based on their skills in bed. There are so many of them willing to serve you. Just pick one. That shouldn't be difficult…" 
"STOP!", Damon angrily interrupted Caden's chatter. "Why are you talking like I want to get married?" 
"Sorry, were we supposed to talk about something else?", Caden asked innocently. "Oh, right. You broke the table and made a mess. What was that about?" 
Damon didn't want to say that his temper flared because some guys are buzzing around Talia. He really didn't want to say that. But the scene from the field was still flashing in front of his eyes and it was driving him mad, and he was not sure if he can go through this without making serious damage. He needed help. 
Caden is his best friend, his Beta. Caden always had his back so… Damon inhaled forcibly and inched closer to Caden. 
"It's Talia…", Damon said in a small voice, and he glanced around to ensure no one can overhear him before adding, "She is… my mate." 
Damon's voice was barely audible, but Caden heard him clearly. 
Damon looked at Caden apprehensively. Why was there no reaction? 
"Did you hear what I said?" 
"Yes. Good hearing is one of my strong sides.", Caden responded matter-of-factly. 
"And you are not surprised?" 
Caden shook his head. "The only thing I'm surprised about is why it took you so long to come clean." 
"You knew?" 
"Only a fool wouldn't figure it out.", Caden said proudly. "I remember that we were all rubbing it off on the Playboy magazine, and you bedded dozens of girls by then. I hated you because you never cared for girls, yet they were still swarming around you and..." 
"How is that important?", Damon interrupted Caden. 
"I'm getting to the point.", Caden responded. 
"Get to it faster." 
"I had to give it to you, you were consistent and predictable, and that changed when we went to the Red Moon pack. You changed. You smuggled a random girl in the trunk, held her in the back seat of the car while she was sleeping, gave her your old bedroom, you are coming up with random excuses to ditch work and accompany her, you are even cutting food for her like her hands are not working for anything other than holding your hand under the table. Should I keep going?" 
Damon realized that he was not sneaky enough. And if Caden figured it out that means, "Maya also knows?" 
Caden's lips lifted into a smile. 
Damon let out a long breath. That explains Maya's strange behavior when something is related to Talia. 
Since this was out of the way, Damon wanted to mention one more thing. "Max told me that Alpha Richard is willing to pay for any information related to Talia." 
"Does he know that Talia is…?" 
"No.", Damon interrupted Caden before he could say the 'mate' word. "I didn't tell anyone, until now." 
"No one knows? What about Talia?" 
Damon's face fell. "Without her wolf, she doesn't feel the bond." 
"Why didn't you tell her?" 
"Don't you see her? She is scared of everything. If I tell her, she will freak out." 
Maya had a theory that Damon is concealing the fact that Talia is his mate because he believes Talia is weak. Damon's words confirmed that Maya was right. Caden smiled. Maya is always right. 
"I see her, Damon. Talia is down there, having our whole soccer team on their knees." 
Damon growled. Did Caden need to bring that up? 
Before Damon snapped at him, Caden asked, "So, how long will you keep this from Talia?" 
Damon didn't have a plan. "I don't know." 
"I think that Talia is stronger than you think.", Caden said. "She needs to know, Damon. You don't like that she is close to other guys, but you didn't give her a reason to stay away from them. You know how Talia lived before coming here. She will want to try everything. Watching a game, eating, drinking, dancing, dating. Do you want her to go out with someone else?" 
Damon's insides twisted. Talia with someone else? Over his dead body! But... "Max said that I should stay away from her because many people are watching. I don't know if I can do that. I feel like ripping the head off from any guy who dares to get close to her." 
"I agree with Alpha Maddox.", Caden said. "You should stay away from Talia and watch how much she has grown since she came here. Actually, I think that this is who she was all along, but now she is coming out of her shell." 
Damon was confused. "Should I stay away from her or stick close so that she doesn't go out with someone else?" 
"Are you ready to announce that she is our Luna?" 
Damon's brows furrowed and that was the answer to Caden's question. 
"Until you are ready for everyone to know, you should stay away from her. But don't take too long. If she doesn't feel the bond, she might pick someone else." 
Damon knew that Caden was right. He didn't want to put Talia in danger, but what if he waits too long and loses her? 
His mind was in turmoil. What should he do? 
---
###Chapter 100 - The Summer Solstice Festival (7) [Bonus ]
Damon and Caden returned to the VIP lounge and saw that the mess was cleaned up and a new table was in place with snacks and drinks like nothing happened. 
Their talk didn't solve anything, but the fact that Damon shared his (not) secret with Caden (and in extension with Maya also) that Talia is his mate, made Damon feel more at ease. 
Damon walked to the edge of the lounge and looked at the scene below that was still unfolding. 
Talia was chatting and laughing, and she was beautiful and enchanting, like a fairy. His fairy. 
Damon enjoyed the sight of Talia's smile, but he was irked that her smile was not directed at him. Yes, they were touching only her hand, but that was more than what he was touching, damn it! 
Those rascals from the soccer team are warriors, and Damon was determined to punish them for getting so close to Talia. Extra drills will do the trick. Maybe he can send them on a survival training in the mountains for a month. 
. 
'Don't worry', Caden's voice sounded in Damon's head through the mind-link. 'Travis is there. With the good doctor nearby, nothing bad will happen to Talia.' 
Only then Damon realized that Travis was sitting on the bench next to Talia. 
Damon was not sure if that was a good thing or not. 
Why didn't Travis stop that madness? Travis knows that Talia is new in the pack and that she was abused. Why did he allow a bunch of guys to swarm around Talia? Or is Travis part of that circus? Is Travis the reason why Talia was down there? 
The more Damon thought about it, the less he liked Travis. 
Damon wanted to be with Talia, and this… just what was this? Why was he stuck in this lounge with a bunch of people he didn't want to be with? 
The only girl he wanted by his side was down there, surrounded by guys who were worshiping her! 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The Dark Howlers team won their first game, and they had a break until their next one. 
During breaks, teams went into the building that was next to the sports fields. It had one massive room with long tables and benches, and every team had space reserved for them. 
Snacks and drinks were provided, and there were restrooms and dressing rooms with showers. 
Travis huddled in the corner and within seconds he was sleeping. Talia admired his ability to sleep with all the chaos around him. 
Talia was sitting at one table among the players of the Dark Howlers team, and she helplessly let them hold her hands. 
Well, at least they were not kissing her hand. That was reserved for before the game starts. 
"Are they bullying you?", Maya's voice sounded from behind Talia, and Talia's face lit up. 
"Do you think I would let anyone bully our team spirit?", Keith asked before Talia could respond. 
Maya waved at Talia to join her. "Let's take a walk." Maya glanced at players who were frowning. "Don't worry, I will return your team spirit in a bit." 
Talia stood up and scurried after Maya out of the building. 
As soon as Caden returned after his chat with Damon, Caden told Maya through the mind-link that Damon caved in and spilled the secret. Now there were three people who knew that Talia was Damon's mate. However, for Maya, that didn't change anything. 
Until Damon comes clean with Talia, Maya will treat him the same. 
"You look cute with those." 
It took Talia a moment to realize that Maya was talking about black wolf ears on her head. 
Talia raised her hands, to show fuzzy fingerless gloves to Maya. "It's all part of the costume. Go Howlers!" She did a fist bump in the air. 
Maya stifled a laugh. "It seems you are having fun." 
"I had no idea that this is how things will turn out when I came here this morning." 
The truth was that Talia was uncomfortable with all the attention players were giving her, but at the same time, they spoke with her jokingly, and the mood was good. It made her feel like she is one of them, accepted, useful, definitely part of the team. It was a good feeling. 
"Maya…", Talia paused and glanced around to make sure no one is nearby to overhear her. "Do players believe in things like good luck rituals?" 
"Is that why they are kissing your hand before they go out in the field?" 
Maya was laughing at Talia's explanation, "Liam told them that he scored a goal after holding my hand, and now they think it brings good luck." 
"They will believe in anything. It's mental stuff. Every werewolf has speed and reflexes, and sometimes it's just about the right mindset.", Maya said. "If it's bothering you, tell them to stop. Or do you want me to do it for you?" 
"No, no. It's not a problem. I'm glad I can help.", Talia admitted. 
Even with all the skinship, everyone was polite, and they were kissing the fluffy glove anyway, so she didn't hate it. 
If she ignored the awkwardness of holding hands with people she barely knew, Talia was having a good time. It was the first time for Talia to be surrounded by so many people and no one was looking down on her. 
Talia knew that Maya is busy, and she felt guilty that Maya came to see her. 
"Thank you for coming to check on me. I am doing fine. The players are treating me well and Keith and Travis are like big brothers who are making sure no one is disrespectful.", Talia said. "You should spend your free time with Caden." 
Maya understood that Talia doesn't want to be a burden. "You are very considerate, Talia. I hope you put yourself first when it counts, or people will take advantage of you. Do what you want without caring about others." 
Talia thought how that's easy to do for someone with power. Maya is a Beta and other than the Alpha, no one else can stand against her. As for Talia, one careless word or action could lead to a punishment. 
Sure, since she arrived at the Dark Howlers pack, people were friendly, and other than her conflict with Cassie, no one raised a hand on Talia, but Talia believes that she was not bullied because she made sure to stay out of everyone's way and not attract attention. 
Seeing that Maya was leaving, Talia wanted to ask how are things in the VIP lounge, but she swallowed those words before they could form in her mouth. 
If Maya mentioned that Damon was enjoying with one of the women who are up there, Talia would be sad. 
Just by thinking about that possibility, there was an inexplicable longing that created a gaping hole in Talia's chest, and she wished for a time machine so that she can return to earlier that morning, in Damon's office, when she was sitting in his lap and leaning into his embrace, basking in his warmth and the scent of the forest and dark chocolate… and she would use that same time machine to stop the time and never come out of that office. 
Talia let out a long breath and admonished herself. Why the heck was she thinking about Damon? 
Talia decided to go back inside. She welcomed the distraction that was provided by rowdy players who were squabbling about who will hold her hand next. 
… 
Game after game passed with breaks in between and the Dark Howlers team found themselves in the finals. 
Talia learned the rules, and other than the hand-holding-and-kissing ritual before each game (and at halftime), she was in charge of holding hands of injured players. Talia was quite busy because the number of injuries increased with every next game. 
It was silly, but Talia never felt so useful, like her presence was really making a difference, and players looked at her like she was important. 
Talia even got to watch up close as Doctor Travis stitched a busted shin of one player, and Travis was explaining what he was doing while examining and treating players who came off the field with injuries, so she learned quite a bit. 
Keith was always in Talia's visual range, and during few breaks when Keith was a referee, Liam and Pierce made sure to stick close to Talia (because Travis was sleeping). Lulu and Sandy were also always close. 
The final game was between the Dark Howlers and the Midnight Guardians. 
The game was an exciting nail-biting affair that ended with a tied score. 3:3. 
Instead of returning to their rest areas, each team huddled around their coach on the field. 
Talia and Lulu were standing on the field line and Talia had no idea what to expect. 
Lulu was flustered from excitement, and Talia could feel it. The win was almost at their grasp, but then the game was over. 
"What's going on?", Talia asked Lulu. 
"Coaches are choosing five players to take penalty kicks. A coin toss will decide who goes first, and teams will take turns in kicking the ball from the penalty mark into the goal. The team that scores the most goals is the winner. Every kick counts." 
"What if it's a tie after everyone takes turns?" 
Lulu paused. "That never happened before, but in theory, they will continue kicking until one makes a mistake. Uhm… coach wants you there." 
Talia understood that Keith mind-linked Lulu. 
"Me?" 
"Yes, you.", Lulu said and gestured toward Keith who was waving at Talia to come. 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air. Why on earth was Keith calling her to go to the middle of the soccer field? She had a bad feeling about this. 
---
###Chapter 101 - The Summer Solstice Festival (8)
Talia moved to the center of the playing field gingerly while trying to ignore the fact that there are hundreds (or maybe thousands!) of people staring at her. 
Her heart was pounding so hard that she pressed her lips into a line firmly, out of fear that her heart might escape through that cavity if she speaks. 
"We don't have much time between kicks, so we need you nearby.", Keith explained when Talia reached them. "The referee said that it's fine." 
Talia jolted when Pierce held her hand and she couldn't believe that he was getting on his knees. 
Pierce was the first in the queue to kick the ball from the penalty mark. 
"Do we need to do this here?", Talia asked Keith in an urgent whisper. 
"You will be fine.. I'm counting on you.", Keith said while patting her shoulder and then he jogged out of the field. 
Talia looked at Keith's retreating back and she felt like crying. 
On the bench was one thing, but this was in the middle of the field, and all non-participating players left, leaving Talia with five other guys. Actually, ten guys, because five players from the Midnight Guardians team were standing nearby, observing her with curiosity. 
Talia glanced to the side and saw numerous eyes watching the scene of Talia standing and Pierce kneeling in front of Talia and kissing the back of her furry palm. It looked like he was proposing marriage. 
So much for keeping a low profile. Talia was not sure about Pierce's relationship status, but based on his looks, Talia was sure that at least a few girls are interested in him, and she was even more sure that those girls hate her. 
Talia decided that if there is next time, she will demand a mask to fully cover her face because this was beyond embarrassing. 
Pierce leaned his forehead on Talia's hand, and said, "I will dedicate this goal to Talia, our team spirit." 
He looked up at Talia and grinned. "Wish me luck." 
"Good luck.", Talia squeaked. 
Pierce kissed her hand again and stood up, and just as he stepped on the side, Mark was kneeling in front of Talia and holding her hand. He was the second to kick from the penalty mark. 
Talia exhaled helplessly and looked to the side where Liam was sitting on the bench. If she knew that allowing Liam to warm her hands that morning would lead to all this crazy ritual, she would stop it before it happened. 
… 
Up in the VIP booth… 
Everyone was on their feet (just like the rest of the audience) and observing the preparations for penalty kicks in silence. 
Other than a few indistinct whispers that were hushed in the bleachers, no one was talking. 
Damon was torn between his reasoning and emotions that raged within him as he watched Talia standing in the middle of the field and holding hands with some random guys (how he saw it). 
'Doesn't she look like a Luna?', Caden's voice sounded in Damon's head. 
Damon didn't get it. 'What?' 
'Maya found out that they believe how holding Talia's hand and kissing it is good luck. Every player dedicates his goals to Talia. She is motivating them to do better. Isn't that what Luna does for her pack? Those are some of our best warriors, and they are kneeling in front of her willingly, no one is forcing them. Can you believe that they met only a few hours ago? That should tell you that Talia's strength goes beyond physical. People want to be with her and to please her.' 
Damon had to agree that Caden was right, but Damon wanted to do the pleasing, damn it! 
Damon knew that he should be happy for Talia, however… 'I have maddening desire to go down there and chase away all those guys.' 
'That's the bond.', Caden responded. 'The more time you spend together, the stronger the pull will be.' 
'But she doesn't feel it.', Damon said dejectedly. 
'I don't think that's true.' 
Damon whipped his head to look at Caden. 'What?' 
'Talia is not a lusty power-hungry she-wolf who is interested in your looks or in your status. Considering your nasty personality, she should run for the hills, yet she is still around. Think about, why is that?' 
Damon frowned when Caden said how he has a nasty personality, but he was focusing on something else, 'Are you saying that she can feel the bond?' 
'Probably not like you, but to some extent, yes. Whenever we asked her to decide on something, her sight gravitated toward you. She wants your approval. When the two of you are together, she looks happy, and that, my friend, is the effect of the mate bond.' 
Talia is happy when she is with Damon. Damon repeated those words in his mind a few times because he liked the sound of them. 
… 
The penalty kicks ended with 4:5 for the home team, and the audience erupted in cheers and shouts, notifying the rest of the Darkbourne that it's time to celebrate the win of the Dark Howlers team. 
Everyone dashed to change and quickly freshen up and then the players lined up to get their awards that were set for the top three ranked teams. 
The winner was the Dark Howlers team, the second placed was the Midnight Guardians team, and the third placed was the team from the Blue River pack. 
The starting crew of eleven players from each of the top three teams was in the middle of the field, accompanied by their coaches, and they were surrounded by other teams. 
Damon walked to the field with Alpha Maddox and Axel. 
Four ladies in tight-fitting outfits followed the handsome trio, three ladies were carrying trays with shiny pins that will be given to the players, and the fourth one held onto a trophy for the winner. 
The trophy looked like a massive golden cup with two handles, one on each side. 
Talia stood with Lulu on the side and clapped as Damon put pins on the jerseys of the Dark Howlers team. 
Talia told herself not to think about Damon, but he was right there, standing tall and handsome, and she couldn't stop staring at his back. 
Alpha Maddox and Axel were putting pins on teams that were representing their packs. 
It was all very official, and no one spoke until Alphas finished putting all the pins. 
Then, Damon shook hands with Keith and gave him the big trophy. With the audience cheering, Keith passed down the trophy to other players until it reached Mark who had a role of a team captain. 
The photographer took photos of teams with their awards and Damon took the microphone for a closing speech. 
"Alpha, will you allow me to say a word?", Keith asked Damon and Damon handed him the microphone. 
Keith stood in front of his starting eleven players and spoke to the audience. "We are honored to receive these awards, and we hope that you will share with us the joy and pride of winning the tournament. As it's our custom, I will call out our MVP of the game, the person who contributed the most to our win today." 
Keith paused and walked toward the field line. The crowd parted, opening a path that led straight to Talia. 
Keith reached for the pin that was on his jersey and removed it while speaking into the microphone, "Talia, we wouldn't win today if not for you. You went above and beyond for the team, and you showed us what it truly means to be selfless. I hope you will accept this as a sign of me acknowledging your contributions." 
Talia stood frozen while Keith put the pin on her jersey. 
She was not sure what to say. Should she even say anything? 
And then Liam approached Talia. "I agree. Without you, I would be sent to the hospital during the first game." And he put his pin on her jersey. 
Talia looked at two shiny pins and when she looked up, there was Pierce, grinning at her and removing his pin. 
And just like that, all players of the Dark Howlers team approached Talia and after a minute, she had twelve pins on her jersey. 
Mark was standing in front of Talia last, handing her the trophy. 
"You guys…", Talia said in a small voice. "You shouldn't do this. You worked hard for this win." 
Keith patted her shoulder. "As I said, you are selfless. You didn't realize how much you did for the morale of our team. These pins are yours; you deserve them. I hope you will continue to be our team spirit. And this is yours also…" Keith waved at Mark and Mark pushed the trophy in Talia's hands. 
The audience exploded in cheers and claps, and Talia felt the heat creeping on her cheeks. 
Talia held onto the shiny trophy and smiled as her heart swelled. No one ever acknowledged her like that openly. And this was in front of a lot of people. 
Talia was not sure what she did, other than holding hands. It was not a lot, and she didn't understand why they would give her tokens of their win. But everyone was watching, and Talia decided to ask Keith for clarification later. She can also give him pins to distribute back to the players. 
Damon watched this from the distance, and he smiled a little. 
Talia getting those tokens means that they truly acknowledged her. He was proud of her. 
They were all excitedly talking to Talia, and he could see under all that shyness that she was happy. Damon really wished to go there and give Talia a hug, to engulf her so that no one else can look at her because she is his, but he forced his legs to stay put. 
If he does that, it would attract a lot of unwanted attention and it will spoil Talia's moment. This was her moment and he needed to stay away, no matter how hard it was. 
She was there, in his line of sight, happy and safe, and that should be enough. It has to be. 
---
###Chapter 102 - The Summer Solstice Festival (9)
When Damon's tournament-closing speech was over, people started leaving the sports fields and making way toward the town square where the next festivities will be held. Some people went into stores and restaurants that were still open and accepting customers. 
Talia was happy that she got a bag to keep her pins and the jersey. She also removed the fluffy gloves and the headband. Keith told her that those are hers to keep, and she can return them when she gives up on being the team spirit. Unfortunately, the trophy was too big to fit in the bag, but the insulated lunchbox that Stephanie prepared for Talia fit perfectly. 
With all the drinks and snacks that were everywhere, Talia didn't touch the food from the lunchbox, but she was confident that it will not go to waste. She will have it later. 
Talia was standing on the side with Lulu and Sandy. They were waiting for the guys to join them so that they can head for lunch together, as they previously agreed. Lulu was telling everyone how her father has a stand to sell the best ramen they ever tasted, and Talia was excited because it will be the first time for her to eat ramen. 
. 
They invited Travis also to join, but Travis said that he is exhausted and that he is going home to get some sleep. 
As Talia, Lulu, and Sandy waited for the guys, many people stopped by and congratulated Lulu and Sandy on their win, and also Talia on being the MVP. 
They were people Talia never met, and they were all excited and smiling and the mood was good, but Talia felt empty inside. She thought how it's funny that she always craved for people to accept her, yet now that it was happening, she was not really happy because something (or someone) was missing. 
Her eyes would gravitate toward the parking lot where Damon was standing and talking to people she didn't recognize but she knew that those were guests who arrived at the packhouse that morning. Most of them were guys, but there were several females as well. Whenever one of those females spoke to Damon, Talia would divert her eyes to look elsewhere because she didn't want to risk seeing Damon getting close to another woman. 
Just the fact that Damon and she were not together and that he didn't seem bothered by it was painful enough. 
"Miss Talia…", a deep voice called from the side, and all three ladies turned to see Axel. 
"I was wondering if you would join me for lunch today.", he said. 
Talia nervously glanced at Sandy and Lulu. "I apologize, but I committed to lunch with them. We will have ramen noodles at one of the stalls on the town square." 
"Can I join you?", Axel asked. 
Talia glanced at Lulu who was nodding robotically. 
"Sure. If you don't mind street food.", Talia said. She imagined that someone sophisticated like Axel would prefer fine dining with golden cutlery. 
Axel beamed. "Excellent!" 
Sandy and Lulu screamed internally like the biggest fangirls on earth. This was Axel, the future Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Axel was a celebrity in the world of werewolves with a shroud of mystery that only made him more attractive. And he will have lunch with them! 
"We are waiting for a few more people to join us…", Lulu said while extending her hand. "I am Lulu." 
Axel shook her hand. "I don't mind waiting. I'm Axel." 
Sandy was next to introduce herself. 
Keith, Pierce, Liam, and Caleb were surprised to see Axel. 
'He wants to have lunch with Talia, and doesn't mind extra company', Lulu spoke into the mind-link for the four newcomers who all got a renewed interest in Talia. What magic did she use to have Axel join them for lunch? 
Individuals like future Alphas usually mingle with other Alphas and close family members, in their own exclusive social circle that is nearly impossible for normies to get in. 
"Axel!", Maddox called when he saw that Axel has no intention to come to the parking lot. "Aren't you coming with us for lunch at the packhouse?" 
"No.", Axel responded flatly. "Miss Talia was kind enough to accept me as her lunch companion. We will eat at the festival." 
Talia was taken aback. Why did Axel make it sound like it will be just the two of them having lunch? 
Maddox paused. "Really? Can I join?" Since Axel frowned, Maddox turned to Talia. "I hope that my presence will not inconvenience you." 
"Not at all, Alpha Maddox.", Talia responded quickly. How can she say to an Alpha that he is not welcome? Besides, it's a festival. He can go wherever he wants. 
Axel's frown deepened. "Didn't you say that you are looking forward to the quail soup and beef wellington?" 
Maddox shrugged. "I can have it later. It's been a long time since I enjoyed the festival freely. This will be fun." 
The truth was that Talia intrigued Maddox. He noticed that Talia's presence was difficult to detect, and after his chat with Damon that morning, Maddox had a feeling that there is more to Talia. If she is just a plain girl, why would Alpha Richard pay for others to get information on her? Maddox was confident that Damon didn't give him the full story and that Talia has some secret he was eager to unravel. 
Maddox spoke to Talia. "Miss Talia, will you introduce me to your friends?" 
Talia was not used to people addressing her as Miss Talia, but she didn't hate it. 
Without delay, Talia introduced Keith, Lulu, Sandy, Pierce, Liam, and Caleb, whose eyes were sparkling. Both Axel and Maddox are impressive figures in the society of werewolves and having lunch with them is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. 
"Max! Max!", Mindy shouted while walking in hurried steps toward her brother. "Aren't we going to the car?" 
"I'm going to have lunch at the festival. I feel like street food.", Maddox responded. "You can go ahead without me." 
Mindy eyed the group and her eyes flashed when she spotted Talia. "I will join you." 
Maddox hesitated for a moment before introducing his sister. "This is my sister, Mindy. Please forgive her blunt way of talking, she never had a filter." 
Mindy cocked an eyebrow at her Maddox. What was with that choice of words? But she got a pass to mingle at the festival, and this time she will be part of a group, so she didn't want to complain. 
Also, Mindy was curious about Talia. At first, Mindy thought that Talia is just an Omega teen, but then her brother told her that Talia was abused, and today Talia was a mascot-goddess that the whole team worshiped. Mindy really wanted to find out more about Talia who could give so many different impressions. 
"Please, forgive my brother's indiscretion.", Mindy fired back. "He is the main reason why my social life is non-existent." 
Sandy stifled a laugh at this. "I understand. I have an older brother also. I'm Sandy..." 
"Alright.", Keith said after all of them introduced themselves. "Can we start moving? I'm starving." 
"How can you be starving with all the food we had there?", Sandy asked. 
Keith rolled his eyes. "I was too nervous to eat, but now that things are settled, the hunger hit me hard." 
Keith glanced at the big trophy that Talia was holding, and he moved to stand next to Talia. "Let me help you carry the trophy. After lunch, we will go to the training center, and you can leave it there until it's convenient for you to take it home. I will keep it safe in my office..." 
The group of ten moved down the street, unaware that Mark and several other players from the Dark Howlers soccer team were right behind them. When they saw Axel and Alpha Maddox chatting there, they decided to tag along covertly. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
A few minutes before… 
Damon was on the parking lot, playing his role of a good host and ensuring that his high-profile guests know that scrumptious lunch will be served in the packhouse. 
He was eager to leave. 
Since he spotted Talia on the playing field, Damon was enduring various scenes of Talia with some other guys. He really hated that he is an Alpha. If he is a regular guy, he could be with Talia and tell her that they are mates, and no one would bat an eye. 
Damon thought that going to the packhouse for lunch will help him focus on his guests and the tasks he has for today. 
After lunch, Damon has a meeting with Alphas and that will not be productive if the only thing on his mind is breaking limbs of people who come too close to Talia. 
He decided to imagine that Talia is having fun at the festival with Maya or maybe with those few women from the soccer team, and to ignore any male presence around Talia. 
Damon spotted Mindy turning around like she was searching for someone, and then her eyes lit up and she walked away. He didn't really care about Mindy's whereabouts, but she made him aware of the fact that Maddox is not there. 
He was looking where Mindy was headed and his face stiffened when he saw Maddox and Axel in the group with Talia. 
What's going on? Why are those two chatting up Talia? 
Damon remembered Axel and Talia on the bench in the garden. Axel sounded like he wanted to seduce Talia, giving her his personal number and some cheesy lines. 
And in the study, Maddox mentioned how Talia should go to the Blue River pack and he didn't give up even after Damon told him how that's not going to happen. 
Is that why Maddox told Damon to stay away from Talia? So that Maddox and Axel can get close to her? 
Where are they going? 
Uneasiness swelled within Damon. 
Are Axel and Maddox conspiring to take Talia away? 
Are they making their move behind Damon's back? 
What the hell!? 
"Where is he going?", Caden mumbled with a frown on his face while looking after Damon who was walking away from the parking lot in hurried steps. 
"Let him be.", Maya said. 
Caden realized that Maya knows something. "Where is he going?" This time Caden asked her for real. 
"Probably to make sure no one snatches you-know-who.", Maya spoke cryptically because there were others nearby. 
It took a moment for Caden to realized that you-know-who is Talia. 
"Is this a time for Damon to do this? We have important guests for lunch." 
Maya smiled. "This is exactly the time when he should do this. He needs to show that she is more important than anything else. As for guests, the two of us will entertain them." 
Caden couldn't believe this. He had a feeling that pretending he doesn't know what's going on with Damon was better because now they can justify all his borderline crazy behavior as chasing after his mate, and Maya will say how it's romantic. Sheesh! 
---
###Chapter 103 - Ramen (1) [Bonus ]
Talia stood in front of the stand that Lulu's father (aka chef Page) opened, and she looked at the menu, grateful that it came with pictures. 
From there, Talia understood that ramen is noodles that come in a broth, and it can have various toppings. 
The pictures showed some options like the one called "ramen-blast 1" that was pork in a spicy broth with egg, corn, and green onion; "ramen-blast 2" was chicken in a regular broth with egg, edamame, and mushrooms. 
Besides ramen-blasts (how chef Page called them), there was also an option to build your own ramen where anything goes. 
There were options of regular or spicy broth, with meat, three toppings, and pickles included in the price. Additional toppings were available for an extra $2 each. 
"What goes well?", Talia asked Keith who was peering at the menu over her shoulder. 
Keith was about to answer, but Lulu was faster, "Don't ask him. For Keith, anything goes well.." 
Talia stifled a giggle. Keith's reputation as a crazed mixologist was well known. 
"Young lady…", chef Page said. "You should start by picking broth and then meat. There is chicken, pork, and beef. The egg goes good with all those, and vegetable choices depend on what you like." 
Chef Page saw that Talia was looking at bok choy with curiosity, so he offered, "Do you want to taste a sample before placing an order? But let me tell you, most of the flavors are coming from my specially made broth…" 
Talia was embarrassed because everyone waited for her to order, and she had no idea what to get. "How about you make me your favorite? I'm not a picky eater." 
"That won't do.", Maddox interfered. "It's your meal and picking ingredients to suit your taste is part of the enjoyment. Let's start with this…" Maddox snatched the menu from Talia's hands. "Spicy or mild?... As for the meat, do you prefer chicken, beef, or pork? … Look at these veggies and pick your favorites. Or you can go the other way and exclude the ones you don't like. Don't think about the limit of three toppings…" 
With Maddox's help, Talia placed her order. 
"I will have the same.", Maddox said to chef Page before turning to Talia. "Let's sit at the table and I will get your order." 
Talia wanted to say how that's not necessary, but Maddox's hand was on her back, and he was pushing her toward the area with tables. 
There were tables with benches on each side so that six to eight people can sit at each table, depending on how close they sit. 
Mindy couldn't believe this. She was right there, and her brother ignored her! Ah, men… Mindy knew that if she wanted something done right, she would need to do it herself. 
Mindy observed her brother hovering around Talia, and she perked up. Was Maddox interested in Talia? 
Mindy knows that her brother has a long list of girls he bedded, but he usually engages in such activities when he is on a break, and even though this is a festival, he came to spend time with Alpha Damon and other Alphas and not to chase girls, yet here he is, without Alpha Damon and other Alphas who went to the packhouse... chasing a girl. 
Axel frowned at the scene of Maddox walking away with Talia, and he told chef Page, "Make the same for me also.", and then he dashed after Talia and Maddox. 
Mindy's eyebrows went up, reflecting the state of her curiosity. Is Axel going against Maddox in order to win over Talia? Interesting. 
Damon stood on the side and watched as Maddox sat on Talia's left, and Axel was on her right. 
Damon gritted his teeth while wondering what scheme are those two up to. They sold him nonsense about respect and staying away from Talia, and what is this? How dare they get close to Talia behind Damon's back! 
"Lulu, dear…", chef Page said to his daughter. "Can you take these two ramens and then come back for the third one…" He regretted that he didn't get helpers, but he didn't expect a crowd at his stall the moment he opened it. Actually, he didn't expect a crowd at all because werewolves are into meat, and not noodles. 
Seeing that the third bowl of ramen was ready, Damon got an idea. "I will take that one." 
"Alpha!", chef Page exclaimed and quickly bowed his head. He didn't notice Damon because he was busy preparing food, and Damon suppressed his Alpha aura. 
With Maddox and Axel lingering around his stall, many other people gathered to see what's going on. And now that Damon was here also, chef Page was sure to have plenty of business. Maybe too much business. He was not sure if he had enough ingredients to satisfy this demand. 
"Here", Damon handed a hundred dollars bill to chef Page as he took the third prepared bowl of ramen (that was Axel's). 
"Alpha, I can't. This is on the house." 
Chef Page didn't want to take Damon's money. 
It's common knowledge that Alpha is not paying for any item or service in Darkbourne because technically everything belongs to him. How can chef Page allow him to pay for the food? 
Damon gestured to the group where Sandy, Keith, and the others were. "I'm paying for everyone as a treat for their win. They made me proud today." He pushed money in chef Page's hand. "Take it." 
Keith was the first one to recover. "Thank you, Alpha." 
"Don't mention it. Just keep up the good work.", Damon responded and walked to the table where Lulu was giving ramen to Maddox and Talia. 
Talia was looking at the steaming bowl in front of her with sparkles in her eyes. It looked very tasty. She inched toward the steaming bowl and closed her eyes while taking a deep breath. 
"Smells good, right?", Maddox asked, and Talia nodded. 
It smelled good, but why did it smell of forest and dark chocolate? She was expecting something savory and… Talia swallowed hard when she was Damon standing in front of her. 
"Damon", Maddox called. "I didn't know you will join us." 
Damon's eyes flashed in irritation. How dares Maddox play stupid? 
'You are the one who ditched our lunch in order to chase after MY mate!', Damon screamed in his mind. 
"I had an unexpected craving for Japanese food.", Damon responded stiffly and glanced at Axel. "You should go and get your food. Don't expect my pack members to serve you." 
Axel frowned, but he stood up and walked to the stall. 
"And don't worry, I paid for everyone! If someone took your bowl, just order another one!", Damon shouted after Axel shamelessly. 
Talia was not sure what Damon was up to and her heart skipped a beat when their eyes met. 
The noise from the festival subsided, and other people faded, making Damon the only person Talia could focus on like he was the only one that matters. And he was. 
She didn't breathe while Damon walked around the table without breaking eye contact, and he sat next to her, on the spot that Axel just vacated, but closer to Talia. Much closer. 
Talia remembered that Damon said how they won't be able to spend time together at the festival, yet here he was. Or did he come because he followed after Miss Mindy? If he came for Miss Mindy, why did he sit next to Talia? 
It didn't make sense, and Talia had difficulty focusing because Damon's scent made her dizzy. No matter how much she denied it, she missed his proximity, and she was happy that he was there. 
Talia didn't want to admit that she was falling for him. Actually, she fell for him already. 
Nothing good could come out of getting lost in his icy-blue eyes that looked straight into her soul, and Talia hoped that she won't get completely flustered or make the mistake of leaning on him. 
She reminded herself that there were many people watching and that no matter if that was playful or cuddly or scary or any other Damon in front of her, she needed to keep her cool. 
Damon inhaled Talia's sweet citrusy scent of freesia that was gentle, yet it overpowered every other scent, just how Talia's delicate presence overshadows every other. She was perfect. His. 
Their legs touched under the table, and she didn't move away. Damon liked that. 
Damon wanted to hold Talia's hand under the table, but they were in the open and someone would definitely see it, so he decided to skip on that. 
"I didn't get a chance to congratulate you on being the MVP of the tournament.", Damon said to Talia. 
"Oh…", Talia snapped out of her Damon-induced daze. "It's not necessary. I didn't do much." 
"I think you did.", Damon said. "Just saying congratulations won't do. Tell me what you want, Talia, and I will make it happen. Anything." 
Anything? Can she ask for Damon to be her reward? A date? That sounded far-fetched and just one date, even if it's a day-long, wouldn't be enough. Ah, she was daydreaming! 
"I don't need anything.", Talia said quickly while hoping that her expression didn't betray her thoughts. 
The corners of Damon's lips curved into a smile, as all kinds of ideas popped into his mind. "Just like the coach said, you are selfless. But don't worry, Talia, I will come up with a good way to reward you for helping our team win the tournament." 
Mindy joined them at the table with her bowl of steaming ramen. She took a seat opposite Damon, Talia, and Maddox. 
The unusual mood was impossible to miss, so Mindy didn't say anything. She observed the situation attentively because other than Maddox and Axel, it seemed that Damon was also interested in Talia. Why else would Damon sit so close to Talia when there is more space on that bench? 
If she didn't see it with her own eyes, Mindy wouldn't believe that Damon tricked Axel in order to get Axel's seat next to Talia. Poor guy (aka Axel) is at the back of the line, waiting for his ramen to be ready. 
Other than watching the guys, Mindy noticed that Talia was not intimidated. Uncomfortable, yes. Intimidated, no. An Omega would bow her head and be submissive in the presence of an Alpha, but Talia was fine while sitting between Damon and Maddox. 
Another interesting point was that Talia looked Damon in the eyes. Normally, that's a sign of disrespect and challenge to Alpha's authority, yet Talia dared to do it and Damon was totally fine with it. 
Something fishy was going on, and Mindy was eager to find out what. 
---
###Chapter 104 - Ramen (2)
Damon saw that Maddox was leaning toward Talia and he didn't like it. 
Damon decided to put him in his place. 
"Talia…", Damon called. "Based on the coach's speech, I understood that you played a significant role in showing others how they are not a match for us. Especially the Blue River pack who didn't even reach the semifinals." 
Maddox's expression darkened. Was there a need to call out his team? There were several other teams who failed to reach the semifinals! 
Damon's hand snaked around Talia's waist, and he pulled her closer to him (and away from Maddox). 
Talia's insides were a mess. What was Damon doing? Any closer and she will end up sitting in his lap! 
When their hips connected and her bottom stopped gliding over the bench, Damon released Talia and she nervously looked up at Damon only to see him glaring at Maddox.. 
"Maybe losers should focus on training their team until the next tournament instead of scheming to poach my people." 
Maddox was not sure why Damon turned unpleasant. Did he need to rub it in that they lost? Did he just call him a loser? And what was that nonsense about poaching people? It took him a moment to understand that Damon was talking about Talia. 
'Ah, so this is about Talia!' Maddox smirked. 
Earlier that morning, Damon talked about Talia like it's not a big deal, but Maddox remembered that Damon refused to allow Talia to move to Maddox's pack, even though she might be safer there. 
Is it possible that Damon is interested in Talia for more than one night of rolling in the sheets? Well, she is staying in the packhouse, and they could do it without others noticing. 
Maddox didn't care about Damon's private life, but he disliked Damon lying, so Maddox decided to poke around a bit and see what will happen. 
"Don't you have something else to do?", Maddox asked Damon. 
"What should I do during lunchtime other than having lunch?" 
"How can you be here so leisurely? Shouldn't you have lunch with your guests at the packhouse? Many women will be disappointed that you are not there." 
Damon was fuming. What women? There was only one woman worth mentioning, and she was right next to Damon, about to think who-knows-what about him. 
Damon's outrage was well concealed under a cool fa?ade as he responded. 
"Why would it matter if they are men or women? Regardless of gender, if they want to talk business, they should schedule an appointment. And if they want something else, I'm not available. There is lunch at the packhouse, but everyone is free to eat where they want. Take yourself as an example. Besides, I felt like noodles, so I came here, and when I saw Talia I thought that this is a great opportunity to get to know my team spirit who was the MVP of the tournament. Did I explain my presence?" 
Damon lifted his chin provocatively, "Why are you here? If you have free time, why are you not chasing after your team spirit and leave mine alone?" 
"You are in my spot.", Axel grumbled at Damon when he approached the table with a bowl of steaming ramen in his hand. 
When Axel reached the ramen stall, he realized that Damon took his serving, but everyone else placed their orders, so Axel had to wait or others would accuse him of skipping the line based on his status, and as a guest, that was not a polite thing to do. 
On top of taking Axel's food, Damon took his spot next to Talia. 
Axel was outraged at the thought of how Damon was shamelessly shouting that he paid for all the food, making himself sound magnanimous while backstabbing Axel. 
"Your spot? I didn't see your name anywhere.", Damon responded matter-of-factly and waved toward Mindy. "If you want to sit at our table, I won't stop you. There are still spots that no one claimed." 
Axel was visibly displeased, but he didn't want to cause a scene, so he sat on Mindy's left. 
While Damon talked to Axel, Talia scooted away from Damon. She didn't want to risk people talking about how she was chummy with Alpha (any of the three). After all, this was in the town square and there were many people walking around even though not all stalls were open yet. 
"Do you need help cutting that?", Damon asked while pointing at the pork in Talia's bowl. She still didn't touch her food. 
Talia paused while wondering if Damon will cut her food here, in front of everyone (if she says that she needs help). But she didn't want to risk it. "I can manage. Thank you." 
Talia hoped that someone will come to her rescue, but then she saw that Keith, Sandy, Lulu, Liam, Pierce, and Caleb were sitting at the neighboring table and observing the squabble between Damon and Maddox with Talia in the middle. They thought that Talia is very brave to still be sitting there. 
And on the table next to them were Mark and several other soccer players, all of them were munching on ramen that Damon paid for. 
The truth was that Talia was not concerned about Damon and Maddox bickering, or Axel's grumpy mood. 
Talia was anxious because Miss Mindy was looking at her with an unreadable expression. 
Was Mindy upset because she wanted Talia's spot so that she can sit next to Damon? 
But Damon was sitting next to Talia, so close that their legs were touching, and it was not Talia's fault that Damon didn't give attention to Mindy. 
"Miss Talia…", Axel called. "Why don't you tell us about the unusual ritual where players would hold your hand. What exactly is that?" 
Damon gritted his teeth. Why was Axel reminding him of horrid scenes where Talia was worshiped by a bunch of sweaty guys? Was that on purpose? 
"It was an accident.", Talia said quickly. "Liam, the player with number seven was hurt, and Doctor Travis asked me to help by holding the icepack. It was cold so I switched hands and then Liam offered to warm up my free hand. After that, he scored a goal and he told other players that it must be because of the handholding and that's how it started." 
Axel was interested in one detail. "Your hand was cold? Is your wolf not warming you enough?" 
All werewolves have increased metabolism and temperature (compared to humans), and unless they are suffering from blood loss or are enduring icy conditions for a long time, they don't get cold. 
Talia was not sure how to respond to this and after a second of silence, Damon spoke, "Talia was hurt and her wolf suffered as well." 
Axel's brows furrowed and he looked at Talia with concern obvious on his face. "How bad is it?" 
Damon was irritated. This was something between him and Doctor Travis, and Talia was unaware of the possibility that her wolf might recuperate, yet this blabbermouth can't shut up. 
"Is it normal for you to pry into personal matters of others?", Damon grumbled. 
"I apologize.", Axel spoke to Talia. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." 
"It's OK.", Talia responded while wondering why Damon came to her rescue. Was her wolf-less state part of the secret that can endanger the pack? Probably. 
After that, the conversation turned more casual as they chatted about the ramen, festival, weather… and just like that, they finished their meals. 
"Talia, can I have a word with you in private?", Damon called Talia to step to the side. 
This was quite unusual because normally werewolves would have private talks via mind-link without the need to physically distance themselves from others, but since Talia was not part of the Dark Howlers pack, a chat through the mind-link was not an option. 
Talia followed Damon away from the tables until they reached the clocktower that was in the middle of the town square. 
Damon stuffed his hands in the pockets of his pants as a reminder not to hold Talia. He really wanted to hug her, or at least to hold her hand, but that will need to wait. 
"I need to go to the packhouse and attend meetings.", Damon said. "It will probably take a big chunk of the afternoon." 
Talia was confused. "Why are you telling me that?" 
Why was he telling her that? Damon was not sure. He never shared his schedule with people other than Maya and Caden (who were his Betas). Part of Damon feared that Talia will disappear during his absence, or maybe one of those numerous guys that are buzzing around her manages to win her over. 
Instead of answering her question, Damon said, "I should be back in time for the parade, and I would like to check out the festival together with you in the evening. Wait for me, alright?" 
There was something in his expression that moved her heart, but she told herself not to get carried away. 
"You said that you won't have time for me today.", Talia reminded him. 
Damon hummed in confirmation and leaned closer before speaking in a whisper, only for Talia to hear, "I did, yet here I am. It seems that I can't stay away from you, Talia." 
A million butterflies exploded in Talia's stomach, making her feel like she was floating. Why did this sound like a confession? Or did her ears malfunction? 
Damon inched away and chuckled when he saw her completely red face. 
He really wanted to kiss her all over. 
"I will take that as a, yes.", Damon said to Talia who was nonresponsive because his words, 'I can't stay away from you', echoed in her mind, blocking anything else. 
Damon couldn't stop himself from pinching her nose. "Are you alright?" 
Talia blinked herself to reality. Why was Damon looking at her expectantly? Did he say something? What was it? Whatever it was, the answer was, "Yes." 
"Alright. I look forward to tonight." He didn't lie. No matter what the next few hours of meetings will bring, Damon knew that he will be thinking about spending his evening with Talia at the festival. 
Damon remembered one thing he observed while stalking behind Talia and her group, Keith was carrying the bulky trophy for Talia. 
"Do you want me to take that trophy to the packhouse? I can leave it in your room, so you don't drag it around. Unless you are coming to the packhouse now. I can give you a ride." 
"I have plans for this afternoon. If you can take the trophy, that will be great and…" Talia paused. "I will see you tonight." 
Damon's smile reflected in his eyes. "Definitely." 
---
###Chapter 105 - A Friend?
Damon left with Maddox and Axel in order to attend meetings with other Alphas in the packhouse. 
Neither of the three men was willing to leave. 
Damon wanted to stick close to Talia, and Maddox and Axel wanted the same, for different reasons. 
Both Maddox and Axel had their agenda why they wanted to get close to Talia, yet Damon showed up and hogged Talia's attention during the whole lunch. 
Maddox and Axel understood that if they want to get close to Talia, they need to remove Damon as a variable. 
Mindy was not eligible to attend the meeting because she is not an Alpha (or a future Alpha). She didn't want to linger in the boring packhouse when there was a festival going on, so she stayed behind. 
When Damon took the trophy, Talia also gave him the bag with the jersey and pins. The only thing she kept for herself was the insulated bag that Stephanie prepared for her.. Talia was confident that she will get to eat that food, eventually. 
Talia wanted to join the table where Keith and others were, but she felt awkward about leaving Mindy behind, so she offered, "Do you want to walk around the festival with us?" 
Instead of answering, Mindy asked, "Can I have a minute with you?" 
"Sure.", Talia said and gestured to Keith to wait. He was on his feet, about to approach Talia. 
Keith, Lulu, Sandy, Pierce, Liam, and Caleb were full of questions for Talia related to her previous situation of having lunch with three Alphas at the table. Yes, Mindy is also famous, but she is more like a celebrity princess, while Damon, Maddox, and Axel are rulers worthy of everyone's awe and respect. 
As soon as Talia sat at the table, Mindy asked bluntly. "What's up with you and Alpha?" 
"Which one?", Talia had to ask. 
Mindy stifled a laugh. "Exactly. Why are three Alphas fighting for your attention?" 
Well, it was not unusual for Alphas to pick up female companions, but there are plenty of attractive females willing to entertain them; Mindy counted at least a dozen women stealing glances at their table at any given moment. 
The lower ranking she-wolves won't dare to approach an Alpha openly without permission, but looking from afar is enough to let the Alpha know that the woman is willing. For any Alpha, the pool of bedmate candidates is always versatile, and Alphas don't fight over one woman. That's beneath them. 
Sure, Talia is cute and everything, but she is not a pheromone-releasing bombshell that would make guys go crazy. 
The only time an Alpha would be set on a female is if she is his mate, or it could be a matter of pride, and considering that Axel and Maddox just met Talia and didn't interact with her previously, while neither of the three Alphas acted smitten like Talia was his mate… Mindy was confused. 
Mindy leaned closer and continued in a whisper, "What's going on? Don't tell me that three Alphas ended up at the same table, trying to impress you, accidentally." 
Talia thought that Mindy was exaggerating. She had no idea why Axel and Maddox followed her for lunch, and she didn't know why Damon appeared unexpectedly either, but Mindy was obviously determined to get some answers, so Talia responded, "It's not a secret that I came to this pack recently. Alpha Damon is kind enough to make sure I'm adapting well, as for Alpha Maddox and Axel, I really don't know. Maybe they wanted to gather information related to the team spirit so that their teams can do something similar." 
Mindy looked at Talia while wondering if Talia is an idiot or if she thinks that Mindy is an idiot. She could describe Damon with many words, but kind is not one of them. And why would Maddox and Axel want to make their soccer players go through a ridiculous hand-kissing ritual before a game? 
Talia squirmed under Mindy's penetrating gaze, and she regretted offering Mindy to join them for the afternoon. Maybe Mindy will reject Talia's offer, but before that, Talia wanted to clarify, "Don't worry, I know my place. I'm not deluded to think that any of them would be romantically interested in me." 
Mindy's eyebrows shoot up in surprise. "Is that what you are thinking?" 
"No. That's what I'm NOT thinking.", Talia clarified. "If you want to pursue Alpha Damon or anyone else, you are free to do so." 
Mindy made a face like she smelled something bad. "Who would pursue that arrogant guy?" 
Talia didn't like that Mindy called Damon arrogant. Sure, he has a temper, but he is also kind and righteous. Talia never saw Damon flaunting his status or power. OK. Maybe he did that when they were in the human hospital, but he did it because Talia was mistreated right in front of him. Any Alpha would see that as indirect disrespect to him, so Damon's actions were justified. 
Why did Mindy talk like Damon was not a good person? 
"Alpha Damon is the unmated Alpha of the largest pack in North America.", Talia stated facts. "Don't all women want to be his Luna?" 
"You are contradicting yourself, Talia. You said that you are not interested, but now you said that all women want to be his Luna. Which one is it?", Mindy asked with a victorious smirk, and she continued before Talia could respond, "Besides, I have no desire to be his Luna. I have nothing specifically against Alpha Damon, my dislike is about Alphas in general." 
Talia was confused. "Isn't your bother an Alpha?" 
"Yeeeaaah…", Mindy said dramatically. "And no matter how awesome my future sister-in-law will be, she will be reduced to be the Luna of the Blue River pack, the wife of Alpha Maddox. Do you see where I'm going with this?" 
"No.", Talia admitted. 
Mindy thought for a moment before explaining, "I am Mindy River, whoever read the WW magazine knows that I'm behind many charities that help werewolves who are in a difficult situation. But other than that, I'm close to getting my college degree, I love playing video games, I want to travel the world, and I have many other aspirations, yet if I become a Luna, everything I did, and all my future plans will be wiped away the moment I take on my new role that is completely defined by my husband-to-be. I find that… unsettling." 
Talia nodded in understanding. "So, you don't want to be a Luna?" 
Mindy shrugged. "When I imagine my future, I see a guy who will worship me without trying to fit me into a mold he created for me. That's why I will marry only one guy, and that will be my fated mate, regardless of what his standing is. I'm not an innocent girl who saves herself for marriage, but I know that playing with Alphas doesn't bring anything good, because they are the ones playing, while females are treated as playthings." 
Mindy saw that Talia was frowning, so she clarified, "I'm not talking randomly. Just like any other unmated Alpha, my brother left a long trail of broken hearts behind him, and I refuse to be a notch on the bedpost no matter how expensive or flashy that bedpost is." 
Talia gaped at Mindy while processing her words. She said so many things! But Talia understood that Mindy is a confident woman who knows what she wants. 
In a stark contrast compared to Talia, Mindy was born as part of an Alpha family, and she grew up with all the riches one could wish for, yet Mindy was just like Talia, wanting independence and to be in charge of her destiny. 
Talia respected that. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia looked at Mindy and thought how this was silly. Yesterday, Talia couldn't wait to put distance between her and Mindy, yet here are they now, at the same table, just the two of them, having a casual talk, like equals. Friends, maybe. 
"You are a crafty one, aren't you?" 
Mindy's question confused Talia. 
"What?" 
"I was asking you about your relationships, yet you managed to turn it around and I ended up talking about myself." 
"That was not my intention.", Talia said. Why was it her fault that Mindy was chatty? 
"But that's what you did.", Mindy said. "It's only fair that you return the favor and tell me something about yourself." 
It's not that Talia was not willing, but talking about the Red Moon pack and her time in the attic was prohibited. She didn't want to get Alpha Damon in trouble. 
"There is nothing much to say." 
"There must be something.", Mindy persisted. 
Talia gave up. She had a story ready anyway. "I grew up with my grandparents, isolated. When they passed, I went to find somewhere to live because it was hard to survive on my own, and Alpha Damon was kind enough to offer me a place in his pack." 
Mindy made a face. There was that word 'kind' again. Mindy is not close to Damon, but the rumors about him are consistent: Damon doesn't care about women for more than one night. Besides, when a pack accepts new members, there are channels to put them through, yet in Talia's case, Damon was involved personally. 
How can Mindy not be curious? 
---
###Chapter 106 - A Friend? (cont.)
"So, now that you are at the Dark Howlers pack, what are you doing?", Mindy asked Talia. 
"I'm helping in the kitchen." 
Mindy cocked an eyebrow. "Alpha Damon put you to work right away?" 
"No, no.", Talia quickly said. "I asked to work in the kitchen because I wanted to learn how to cook. Besides, sitting in the room the whole day is boring." Seeing that Mindy's expression showed approval, Talia had an urge to leave a good impression, so she added, "I'm also studying about medicine with the hope to work in the pack hospital, and I'm training to improve my physical condition and learn to fight." 
"Really?" 
Talia nodded earnestly and gestured toward the table where Keith was. "Keith is my personal trainer.. He designed an exercise routine for me. We will be going to the training center from here…" 
"Oh, you will not stay at the festival?", Mindy interrupted Talia. She was looking forward to being part of a group. 
Sure, there are Sandy, Lulu, Pierce, Liam, and Caden, but all of them are looking at Mindy with stars in their eyes, while Talia is treating Mindy like a normal person, so Mindy preferred Talia compared to other people. 
"We will not go right away.", Talia responded. "It won't be good to exercise immediately after lunch. If you want, you can join us for training. Keith is a great coach." 
Now that they broke the ice, Talia thought that Mindy is a nice person. 
Mindy pursed her lips. "No, thanks. I will skip on sweating." She stood up abruptly. "Alright, since you won't be here long, we should start checking out this fair. Your friends seem to be eager to move…" 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia and Keith headed to the training center for their session in the gym, and Talia was in a daze. 
After finishing lunch, for more than an hour, they were checking out various booths and she even got to throw balls on empty cans. Talia's aim was horrible even after Mindy showed her several throwing techniques, but Talia had a lot of fun. 
The best part was that maybe, just maybe, Talia made a new friend. Mindy. 
The two of them spoke a lot and the mood was good, and before Talia left, Mindy gave Talia her personal phone number with, "We will be here until tomorrow, but things can get crazy, and I want to make sure we can stay in touch no matter how things develop…" 
Mindy was not pleased that Talia doesn't have an email address or a phone, but Talia promised that she will contact Mindy as soon as she gets one of those two. 
With this, Talia had Axel's and Mindy's phone numbers, and that made it two! 
Talia kept Mindy's number safe, determined to contact Mindy as soon as she gets a phone. 
Mindy also said that she hopes to spend more time with Talia before they leave the Dark Howlers pack, and Talia was looking forward to it. 
Talia couldn't help but compare Mindy and Marcy. Both of them are princesses in their respective packs, but Marcy is a white lotus who would ruthlessly punish Talia without evidence, while Mindy is kind and approachable, and most importantly, Mindy treated Talia as equal. Talia liked that. She liked it a lot. 
It was all surreal. 
"Are you alright?", Keith asked Talia. 
"Yes. Why?" 
"You are limping." 
"Oh…" Talia was so excited, that she didn't notice. "It seems that the medication wore off." 
Keith frowned. "What medication?" 
"Hangover medication." 
Keith was confused. "You are limping because of a hangover?" It didn't make sense. 
Talia stifled a laugh when she realized how silly that sounded. "No, no. My legs are aching due to sore muscles after yesterday's exercise, and hangover medicine was for the aches, so…" Talia paused because Keith was laughing so hard that he was holding onto his belly. "What's funny?" 
"Ah… ah…" Keith struggled to catch his breath. "You said that warmup from yesterday gave you sore muscles." 
Talia pouted. "Warmup for you. Strenuous exercise for me." She really was useless. 
"It's not what you said, it's more how you said it…", Keith said. Talia was talking about her yesterday's brisk walking with importance like it was a monumental activity. 
"I apologize. I won't laugh at you." 
"You better not, or I will get a different personal trainer." 
Keith smirked smugly. "You are out of luck, girl. I'm the only one in Darkbourne, so you are stuck with me." 
"That doesn't make you indispensable.", Talia fired back. "I can always find someone online." 
Keith hummed in agreement, and they continued walking in silence. 
Keith was thinking if it's appropriate to ask a question that was bugging him since lunch. Eventually, his curiosity won. 
"Talia?" 
"Hmm?" 
"Is there something going on between you and Alpha?" 
This time, Talia didn't ask, 'which one', because she knew that Keith was asking about Damon. 
Talia shook her head, dispelling any fleeting thoughts that were forming. "There is nothing." 
"Are you sure? The two of you looked close." Very close. Especially when they went on the side, after lunch. Keith saw that Damon leaned closer to whisper something to Talia, and Damon pinched her nose, and Keith also saw the way Talia smiled at Damon. That was definitely something. 
"Of course, we are close.", Talia said right away. "I don't know where I would be if not for him." Maybe still in that attic, or somewhere much worse. "Alpha Damon is making sure I go to my doctor's appointments and sometimes he scolds me when I miss my meals." 
Keith paused. How can Damon know about Talia's meals, unless… "You are staying in the packhouse?" 
Well, that would explain why Alpha Damon would take Talia's trophy and jersey with pins, but it would NOT explain why Alpha runs errands for a low-ranking girl. Alphas don't do that. They are Alphas because others serve them. Even if Alpha Damon wanted to help Talia and ease her hands of burden, he would get someone else to do it, instead of handling it personally. 
A mix of emotions washed over Talia at the thought of her living arrangements, and her smile faded. "I'm at the packhouse until Doctor Travis says that I recuperated enough to move in with Omegas. I'm underweight and…" 
"It's OK.", Keith interrupted Talia. He saw that her mood dropped, and he assumed that he crossed the line. "You don't need to talk about it if it's uncomfortable. I'm sorry for making fun of you because you got sore muscles." 
"Don't be sorry.", Talia said quickly. "I will eat and exercise and soon I will build my strength and stamina so no one can laugh at me. Not even famous coach Keith." 
Keith liked her enthusiasm. And he liked that she labeled him as famous. 
At that time, they reached the training center, and Keith said, "Change clothes and meet me on the mat. Since you are sore, today I will show you stretching exercises that will ease aches." 
Talia nodded earnestly and she didn't want to tell him that the moment she enters the dressing room, she will take two pills of hangover medicine which she has in her insulated bag. It won't hurt to learn how to stretch. She wanted to learn everything that can be learned. 
Talia walked into the women's dressing room and Keith stood frozen and looked at the door that closed behind Talia. 
Why the hell did he ask if there is something between Talia and Alpha Damon? That's none of his business. What if Talia misunderstands and thinks that Keith wants to hit on her? 
Does Keith want something to happen between him and Talia? Keith was not sure. But he knew that talking to her was easy and he craved more time with Talia. 
He was thinking about Talia as his customer, a friend, but now… Keith was not sure. 
During lunch, Talia was sitting at the table between Damon and Maddox, with Axel on the other side, all three Alphas were looking at Talia with interest, and Keith was suppressing his urge to go there and take Talia away. 
If he went there, Keith knew that he would fail miserably. 
Keith sparred a few times against Alpha Damon, and it's an established fact that Keith can't win even if Damon doesn't use his aura, because just Damon's Alpha aura is enough to make it painful to breathe. 
If Keith dared to challenge Damon and two more Alphas at the same time… Keith hated that he was helpless to save Talia from there. Did she even need saving? 
How Keith saw it, Talia was like an unspoiled flower, with three nasty Alpha wolves breathing down her neck, each eager to ruin her, and Keith found it difficult to stay away. 
Keith didn't understand. So far, other than his sister, he never felt the urge to protect a woman. 
A lot of things related to Talia were confusing, and the more time Keith spent with Talia, the less sense everything made. 
'Was Katya right?', Keith wondered. 'Do I really like Talia?' 
Do werewolves have crushes? Sure, Keith was attracted to many women before, but it was purely physical and this was different. Keith wanted to know everything about Talia and to protect her and she was cute and… Keith pinched the roof of his nose. 
Damn it! He has a crush on Talia! 
Based on the internal waves that amplified his emotions, Keith understood that his wolf approves. 
Keith chided himself. During lunch he was thinking badly of three Alphas who were wanting to woo Talia, yet here was Keith, just as bad as they are. 
---
###Chapter 107 - The Summer Solstice Festival (10) [Bonus ]
"I'm ready…", Talia said when she exited the dressing room, surprised that Keith didn't move from the spot since she left. "Is something wrong?" 
Keith was staring at Talia who was wearing only black shorts and a red exercise bra and he swallowed hard. He saw girls that were taller, plumper, curvier, with less clothes than what Talia was wearing, yet he found himself out of breath. 
He still didn't adjust his mindset to the fact that he likes her, but here she was, adorably ignorant of the things that were brewing within him. 
Considering that it was just the two of them in the training center, Keith knew that this will be difficult. 
"Keith?" 
"Yeah, yeah. I'm fine.", Keith stumbled over his words. "Wait for me on the mat. I will just go and drink some water.." And splash cold water on my face. 
Talia noticed that Keith was stiff and absentminded when he returned. 
Talia assumed that he was thinking about something, or someone related to the festival because he was fine before they came to the training center. 
She remembered how Keith was reluctant to accept coming here today. After all, everyone is at the festival (or preparing for it), and because of that, only Talia and Keith were present in the building. 
Guilt swelled within Talia. Considering Keith's popularity, he probably had a lot of things to do and many people to mingle with, yet he left all that behind only to help her exercise because she wanted to come today. 
"Should we go back to the festival?" 
Keith refused. "No, it's fine." 
"Are you sure? We can do this tomorrow." 
"Don't you want to do this?", Keith asked. 
"I do, but I see that you have something else on your mind.", Talia said frankly. 
Keith chided himself internally. The moment he confirmed that he likes Talia, he turned into an idiot. 
But the fact was that Keith was nervous. 
Keith never crushed on a girl for real and all this caught him by surprise. He was not sure how to treat Talia. 
Who knows what Talia was thinking about him when he was spacing out, like a moron? 
Shouldn't he tell Talia that he likes her? But considering that no one is present, if Keith does it here, he might appear like a creep who wants to do something despicable. Keith already established that Talia is pure and inexperienced, and he didn't want to freak her out. 
He decided to think about it later, when they return to the festival. 
Now they came to exercise, and Talia is expecting his help. If he wants to leave a good impression, he needs to focus on what he does best. Training people. 
"OK. Sit on the mat and spread your legs as far as they go.", Keith instructed. "Stretch your arms above your head… bend at the waist forward until your palms are flat on the mat… try to keep your back and your legs straight…" He pushed on her upper back gently, to increase the stretch. "Hold this for ten seconds." 
Keith observed Talia's tiny frame when compared to the size of his hands and he wondered, if he grasps her waist, will his fingers meet around her? Maybe. He chided himself internally for not checking that last night, while they were dancing in the Shifters nightclub. 
He had a chance to feel her out discretely, pretending that it's just dancing, and he missed it. 
'Focus, Keith!', he reminded himself, and mentally picked a number of yoga poses he will show her next. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
After her stretching exercises, Talia quickly freshened up before returning to the festival with Keith. 
She was surprised to see how many more people were present compared to one hour ago, when they left for the Training center. 
There were so many stalls, that they couldn't fit in the town square and they spilled into the neighboring streets. The whole area was very lively. 
"Every stall has a line of people waiting.", Talia said while observing with awe. 
"There will be more people in the evening. This place will be packed.", Keith explained. "This is a good time to play games without waiting in a line for long. Let's go there. I promised you a stuffed toy." 
"Shouldn't we look for Lulu, Sandy, and the guys?" Mindy also, if she was still there with them. 
Keith could mind-link them to find out where they are, but he was not willing to share his time with Talia. "We will look for them later. After the game. Here…" Keith offered his hand to Talia. "Hold my hand so that we are not separated in the crowd." 
Talia didn't think much about it. They can reunite with others after the game, as for handholding… Keith was right. The crowd was increasing, and if they got separated, she had no idea how to find him. 
... 
"Do you want to watch the parade?", Keith asked. 
"Is it that time already?" 
"I'm glad you are having fun to the point of not noticing the time passing." 
Talia realized that he was right. After the ring toss (where Keith won for Talia an adorable brown puppy-plushie), they went to throw basketballs into hoops, and then there was a game of hitting targets with water-filled balloons, and other than playing, Keith also gave her many turns to practice. Between games, they ate mini-donuts and funnel cake and there was a massive bag of kettle corn that they couldn't finish (and Talia was holding onto leftovers, for later)… and now that she thought about it, more than two hours passed. She had fun. 
Talia remembered one more thing. "Should we meet up with others so that we can watch the parade together?" 
Reluctantly, Keith mind-linked Pierce to ask where they are. 
Keith didn't want to meet up with anyone, because he enjoyed his time with Talia, but he was out of excuses. 
"They are in the back where merry-go-round is. Let's go to the clock tower and they will find us." 
Talia followed Keith to the clocktower, and the sight of a tall black structure reminded her of a scene from a few hours ago. 
It was a flashback of Talia and Damon and him telling her that he will be back from his meetings by the time the parade starts, and then he asked her to wait for him and he said how he can't stay away from her. 
Talia fought mightily against her imagination that was coming up with all kinds of romantic scenarios, but she was failing miserably. Damon's words sounded just how lovers would talk. He was sweet and a bit teasing, but she didn't dislike it because it all came with his delicious scent of the forest and the dark chocolate she loved. 
"What did you do to Talia?", Lulu asked Keith teasingly, snapping Talia out of her thoughts. 
"Nothing.", Keith said. "After our exercise, we checked out some stalls and…" Keith's voice trailed as he observed Talia's face that was red like a ripe tomato. 
Keith perked up. Is Talia bashful because of him? Doesn't that mean that she sees him as a man? Maybe Talia has a crush on him, and Lulu's words hit the spot. Why else would Talia blush like that? 
Liam frowned when he saw Keith's foolish grin directed at Talia. 
"Checked some stalls? You were gone for hours.", Liam grumbled and walked to Talia. "Let me help you carry those." Liam took the half-full popcorn bag. 
Pierce was quick to stand on Talia's other side and grab Talia's insulated lunch bag that Stephanie prepared for her. "We should hurry and find a good spot to watch the parade." 
Before Talia could say anything, Pierce and Liam hooked their arms with Talia's and started walking away. 
Caden rushed to join the trio. "Let me help you hold that plushie!" 
Sandy inched close to Keith and asked in a whisper, "Did you bully Talia?" 
Keith rolled his eyes. "Is that what you think of me?" 
Lulu and Sandy looked at Keith suspiciously. Is Keith pretending to be a gentleman? They all know about his reputation. 
Every guy werewolf who stands out will attract ladies, and Keith stands out in terms of his looks, skills, and money. Werewolves (males and females) are sexual creatures with high libidos and it's not a secret that Keith bedded many she-wolves. There is nothing wrong with it, but why was he acting innocent? 
"This is not about what we think, coach.", Lulu said. "Beta Maya told us to make sure Talia is safe. Don't do something you might regret later." 
Keith cleared his throat awkwardly. Why did he feel like a kid who stole a cookie and got caught? He and Talia were having fun, and the most contact they had was holding hands! Why are they looking at him like he is some molester? 
"I am Talia's personal trainer. Don't get strange ideas. Now let's hurry up and join them. Or do you think that Liam, Pierce, and Caden won't take advantage of Talia if they get a chance?" 
Lulu and Sandy glanced at each other and nodded in understanding. Keith was right. Those three are just like everyone else… up to no good. 
---
###Chapter 108 - The Parade Of Emotions
"Mindy is not with you?", Talia asked Liam, Caleb, and Pierce while they made their way toward the main street where the parade will pass. 
Talia could see that Mindy was not with them, but she was curious where Mindy went. 
"We lost her at the stand with barbequed seafood.", Caleb said. 
"She didn't seem very interested in barbequed squid.", Pierce added. "I think it's a girl thing. Lulu and Sandy also skipped that stand, but they stayed nearby." 
Liam noticed that Talia pressed her lips into a line. "Do you want to meet up with Mindy? She will probably be on the rooftop of the city hall. That's where all the bigshots will gather to watch the parade.." 
They normally couldn't go there, but considering that Talia had lunch with three Alphas (and Mindy) at the same table, Liam thought that Talia can probably get access to that amazing vantage point and they will tag along. 
"No, no. I was just curious, nothing else.", Talia responded. She had no intention of going where bigshots are (how Liam called them). 
Talia knew that city hall is a three story-high building on the main street of Darkbourne. 
Her heart fluttered at the thought that Damon will be there as well. 
Damon said that he will be done with meetings by the time the parade starts and that in the evening he will go with Talia to the festival. He didn't specify the exact time, but it was late afternoon already, so it should be soon. Maybe after the parade, he will come down from the city hall and find her. Maybe. 
They found a good spot, on the opposite side of the street from the city hall. Sandy and Lulu pushed Caleb, Pierce, and Liam away and stuck close to Talia. 
Talia quickly snatched her insulated lunchbox and the brown puppy plushie that Keith gifted her. She didn't want to risk separating from the guys and losing her precious things, so she was holding onto them tightly. She let them have the popcorn. That was not important. 
The parade started as kids lead the way with floats they built with the help of their parents and teachers. There were cars and coaches made out of cardboard boxes, and some kids drove tricycles that were decorated with colorful flowers, ribbons, and pinwheels. After the kids, grownups showcased their elaborate floats that had various shapes and sizes. It all looked professionally made with light effects, parts that moved, and some had fog machines for added dramatic effect. It was obvious that a lot of effort went into making them. 
But no matter how lively the scene on the street was, Talia would look toward the rooftop terrace of the city hall. 
She saw Mindy, Caden, Maya, and Stephanie, and there were a number of other people Talia didn't recognize. Damon was not among them. 
Of course, Sandy noticed that Talia was not paying attention to the parade. "Are you looking for someone?" 
Talia wanted to deny it, but she was already caught, and there would be nothing unusual if she asked… "I thought that everyone important should be up there, but I don't see Alpha Damon." 
"Oh, he won't be there.", Sandy responded right away. When she saw Talia's puzzled look, Sandy added, "You are new, so you don't know." 
Lulu was listening to this exchange, and she inched closer to Talia and spoke in a hushed voice, "Our Alpha doesn't attend the later part of the festival." 
Sandy made a dreamy expression. "I wonder who is the lucky she-wolf that is right now enjoying the special Alpha treatment." 
Talia felt like a hundred knives pierced her chest. "What?" 
Lulu and Sandy exchanged confused glances. 
Lulu spoke, "Don't you know how Alphas spend their time off? Why would any of them stick here and watch the festivities when they can get a personal pleasure party elsewhere? After the closing speech for the tournament, Alpha Damon finished his official duties. He probably had lunch at the festival in order to pick a woman and we won't see him or her until morning." 
Lulu didn't lie. Everyone knew that's what Damon does during the festival. 
"Are you OK?", Sandy asked when she noticed that Talia paled. 
"I just need some air…", Talia said and moved backward into the crowd. 
"What did you say to her?", Keith asked from the side angrily, and he moved after Talia before confused Lulu and Sandy could respond. 
... 
It was difficult to move through the crowd, but luckily, Keith spotted Talia before she took a turn into one of the side streets. 
"Talia! Hey, Talia…", Keith called while catching up with her. 
With her head lowered and one hand clutching the insulated lunch bag, while her other hand held onto the brown puppy plushie, Talia looked like a picture of a lonely person. 
"Did something happen?" 
"Is it true?", she asked without stopping her steps or looking at him. 
"What?" 
Talia stared at her feet while talking in a choppy voice, "Is it true... that every festival... after finishing with official work... Alpha Damon picks up a woman, and no one sees them until morning?" 
"Why is your question festival specific? It's normal for guys…" Keith's voice trailed when Talia lifted her head and looked at him with so much hurt in her expression that his heart ached. 
Keith realized that he said too much. 
From their earlier talk, Keith knew that Talia sees Damon as a good guy, a savior of some sort, and considering that she grew up alone with her grandparents (how much Keith knows), Talia's idea of a good guy is different compared to an average werewolf, yet he just said that Alpha Damon (and every other guy) is sleeping around. To make things worse, Keith generalized it, so he ended up in that despicable bunch also. 
Talia noticed Keith's upset expression and she cursed herself for oversharing. Why did she voice her thoughts? 
She already heard stories about how Alphas are promiscuous, and she knew that Damon fits into that group like it was made for him. After all, Talia saw Damon with princess Marcy between his legs, and she didn't want to imagine what he did with Cassie or many other girls. 
But why was this so painful to hear? 
Is it because Damon said that they will spend the evening together? 
Talia was aware of his mood swings, and she knew that there is a big possibility it won't happen. 
If she looked realistically at the situation, there were probably a million things he would want to do instead of being with her. But she made the mistake of allowing herself to hope. 
What was she hoping for? To be his bedwarmer for tonight? That's stupid. Why would she wish for that? 
Talia knew that Damon who made her heart race was not real. He was a product of her imagination because for some reason, whenever she looked at Alpha Damon, her mind would filter out all the unpleasant things and show her only Damon she wanted to see. 
Talia needed to let go of him and face the reality. The reality where Damon she wants, doesn't exist, and to Damon who exists, she is not important. 
"Talia?" 
Keith's voice pulled Talia out of her thoughts. 
She shook her head. "Thank you for your concern, Keith. I would like to be alone." 
She took a step away and Keith grabbed her hand. 
"Allow me to show you a perfect spot to be alone." 
Talia had no idea where Keith was going, but other than wandering into the forest, she didn't have any other destination in mind, so she followed after him. 
Four streets later, Keith stopped in front of one house. 
"Give me just a minute…" 
He dashed into the house and a few seconds later, he returned with a six-pack of beer. 
"This will come in handy.", Keith said. 
Talia looked at the beer in his hand. "Do you want to make me drunk so that I spill my grievances to you?" 
Keith shrugged. "Beer and talking are optional. I will not let you be alone when you are like this. I promise to stay as far as you want, but I insist to keep an eye on you." 
He extended his hand to Talia, palm up, in a silent invitation to accept his offer. 
Talia looked into his eyes full of concern and then she put her hand into his. 
They walked in silence down the street, away from the noise of the festival. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the packhouse… 
Damon was sitting at the head of the conference table with six other Alphas. 
Alpha Maddox and Axel were there, representing their packs. 
They were discussing the latest movements among rogues, but Damon couldn't focus. He would often look at the time and his frequent forehead-rubbing was a giveaway that he was getting impatient. 
"You look like you need to be somewhere else.", Alpha Christian said to Damon. 
Christian is the Alpha of the Spring Leaf pack which shares a border with the Dark Howlers pack on the North. 
"I was thinking that we will finish by now.", Damon said bluntly and when he saw a few frowns directed his way, he added, "I didn't expect that we have so many things on the agenda." Or that some of you will talk so much. Many of these could have been an email! 
"If you have something more important than this meeting, we can reschedule it.", Maddox said to Damon in an obvious provocation. Maddox had a good hunch that the urgency Damon was feeling was somehow related to Talia. 
"What do you mean, reschedule?", Axel cut of Damon's response before he could say anything. 
"Why are you talking like it's easy to gather so many Alphas in the same place?", Axel asked Maddox. 
Maddox agreed. "That's true. It's rare that we can all gather, so I suggest that we focus on the matters at hand and make the most of it…" 
Damon couldn't to this because everything Axel and Maddox said was true. But there were a few more topics on the agenda, and the ache in his chest was getting unbearable. 
His instincts were telling him that something is wrong with Talia, or to be more precise, with her feelings toward Damon. At the same time, Damon knew that if he just leaves this meeting, he will offend a lot of people and lose allies, and that will put his pack in danger and in extension, Talia as well. Damn it! 
Damon was not sure how long he sat in that meeting. It could have been minutes, but it felt like hours. 
His ears were ringing, and his wolf said something but Damon couldn't hear him. 
Damon was not sure what's the cause of this emotional turmoil that affected him physically, but every cell in his body screamed for Talia's proximity. 
Abruptly, Damon stood up. "You will need to finish this without me." 
Damon dashed out of the packhouse and went straight for his black armored Lexus SUV. 
'Maya! Caden!', Damon called thorough the mind-link. 'Where is Talia!?' 
---
###Chapter 109 - Keith’s Secret Spot
Talia sat on the soft grass as she took in the sight of the seemingly undisturbed nature around her. It was peaceful. 
The tall rocks formed a natural shelter at the back and curved slightly on the sides, opening up fully to a majestic view of the lake in front. 
The light noise from the festival that was on the other side of the lake, felt like it's miles away. 
"This is where I come when I don't want anyone to disturb me.", Keith said while taking a seat next to Talia. 
Keith made sure he doesn't sit too close to Talia because he didn't want to risk Talia chasing him away. There was enough space for a bulky person to sit between them. 
"What do you think of this place?", Keith asked. 
. 
"It's beautiful." 
Talia always loved nature. Plants and animals were better than people (and werewolves), in Talia's opinion. 
Talia didn't feel like talking. 
She hugging her knees while staring blankly at the lake in front of her, and her mind was in a semi-shutdown mode which she perfected for situations when the reality was too harsh to bear. She used to space out like that when someone bullied her at the Red Moon pack, and she didn't think that she will end up in such a state after moving away. 
Keith really wanted to know what's going on in her mind. What made her turn so distant and sad? Talia was right there, next to him, yet she was a hundred miles away. 
Keith could see that Talia was upset and he was brainstorming ideas on how to cheer her up without being intrusive. He created a million virtual scenarios, and all of them ended badly. 
The sunset hit Talia's face, making her copper-colored hair and honeyed eyes glow like they are made out of gold. She looked like a Goddess and Keith was lost in a daze. 
Eventually, Keith broke the silence, "Beer?" 
Talia nodded in agreement. 
Keith opened two cans and gave one to Talia before turning to face her. 
Talia drank the beer quickly. The bitterness matched her emotional state and she welcomed it. Talia remembered how on the previous night, when alcohol clouded her mind, she didn't think about Damon and what he was doing, and part of her hoped that this one can get her intoxicated so that she forgets about Damon completely. 
"Slow down…", Keith warned her, and he shook his head in disapproval when Talia didn't listen. 
Talia finished the beer and noticed Keith's stare directed at her. "What?" 
"I was wondering if you will name him.", Keith said while gesturing toward the puppy plushie. There was no way that he will admit how he was lost in daydreaming which included embracing her. 
Talia looked at the plush toy. It was a cute puppy with long ears and fur that was a warm brown color. 
"It's a girl. I will call her Cinna.", Talia said after some time. 
"That's an interesting name." 
"It's short for Cinnamon." Talia thought how the reddish shade of brown reminded her of cinnamon, so she went with that. 
Keith took the toy from Talia's hands and cradled her, like holding a baby. "Hi Cinna, do you like the name mommy gave you?" 
Talia blinked. "What?" 
"Now we are parents of a pretty girl. Look, she has your hair and my eyes.", Keith said while grinning like a proud father, and Talia stifled a laugh. 
"I didn't realize what all was included when I accepted the toy.", Talia responded. 
Keith was glad to see that Talia smiled. She was gloomy since they left the parade and Keith didn't want to ask for an explanation on what caused her mood to drop. He knew that it was related to Alpha Damon, but Keith guessed that it's better if he doesn't know the details. 
"Can I have another one?", Talia asked while pointing at the remaining beer cans. 
"Sure.", Keith responded right away. "But I hope you drink this one slower. Or are you one of those people who enjoy the hangover?" 
Talia realized that her behavior was unsightly. "I will drink it slower." 
Keith nodded in approval and handed her another can. 
Talia took a sip of beer and cursed internally when she realized that her thoughts went to Damon again. 
Why can't she stop thinking about him? 
He is now with some she-wolf, in his room which is across the hallway from hers, and he is absolutely NOT thinking about Talia or about the fair or about his broken promise. 
And he said that he can't stay away from her. What a joke! 
The sad part was that she believed him. How stupid. 
"Do you come here often?", Talia asked Keith with the hope that a chat will keep her mind busy, and she won't think about that Devil. 
"It depends on how often I want privacy.", Keith responded cryptically. 
"So, is this like your hideout?" 
"Something like that." 
There was no way that Keith will admit to Talia that this is one of his hookup spots. 
Werewolves are creatures close to nature, and they don't mind getting frisky in the open. 
Keith has a room in Katya's home, but he never brought a girl there because Katya would not let him hear the end of it. Every time Katya hears that Keith was with a girl, she starts getting nosy, like Keith found a wife candidate. 
But if he said any of that to Talia, she would definitely misunderstand, so he decided to keep it short and devoid of details. 
Talia noticed that usually chatty Keith was stingy with answers and acting mysterious, and she guessed that he didn't want to tell her the truth. 
She snatched the puppy toy from his hand. 
"Hey!", Keith exclaimed. "Be careful with our daughter. If you hurt her I will need to rush her to see Travis, and the poor guy is probably still sleeping. If I wake him up, he will be groggy and maybe misdiagnose her condition…" 
Talia burst into giggles. Keith's expression was full of concern for their plush daughter, and it was hilarious. 
"Don't worry, Cinna. Your mommy is drinking beer, but overprotective daddy is still vigilant…" 
Both Talia and Keith laughed and that stopped when Keith abruptly gasped for air and lowered his head. 
"Keith?", Talia asked with concern, and it took her a moment to see Damon standing a few steps away with an icy expression. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
How did Damon find his way to Keith's secret spot? 
Let's rewind a bit… 
Damon rushed from the packhouse, convinced that something is wrong with Talia. 
When Maya told him that the group who was with Talia has no idea where Talia went, Damon thought that he is going to lose his mind. 
'Don't call our warriors to search for her now!', Caden spoke into the mind-link with urgency. 'Everyone will be alerted, and it will be the same as putting a neon sign above Talia's head for Alpha Richard and everyone else to see.' 
'Give us a few minutes to look into this discretely.', Maya added. 'Talia is the MVP of the tournament. Someone saw her, we just need to investigate this without alerting people…' 
They have warriors everywhere as covert security, and no incident was reported. 
Damon eliminated the possibility of Talia willingly going with someone because she didn't really know anyone, and considering her inexperience, Damon was worried that she was tricked. 
Was she kidnapped? Did his enemies already find out who she is? Did they connect that the woman who got Alpha Richard's interest is Talia? What if she was being tortured right now? 
Damon cursed himself for sitting next to Talia during lunch. If he stayed away, this wouldn't happen. 
He needed to find her. 
The sliver of hope came when Maya confirmed that coach Keith is missing also, and he was in that same group with Talia. 
A few seconds later, Caden said that Keith was spotted going with the MVP of the tournament (aka Talia) in the direction of Keith's house. 
Damon suppressed all unreasonable scenarios and rushed in that direction. 
Katya was startled awake via the mind-link from Maya less than a minute before Damon banged on the door of her house. 
Katya didn't know where Keith went (she was sleeping when he came to grab the beer), but she remembered that he had a few spots he would use when he didn't want to be found. As an older sister, Katya knew everything about Keith. 
Normally, Katya wouldn't rat on her brother, but this was her Alpha and she had to obey. 
Katya gave Damon general direction and Damon was quick to pick up Keith's scent. 
And that's how Damon found himself looking at Talia and Keith sitting on the grass and sipping beer in a good mood while talking about some mother-father nonsense. 
Damon thought that Talia might be hurt and suffering, and this… What the hell is this!? 
Damon was glad that she was OK, but why the heck was she here with another guy? 
And why was Talia looking at Damon like he was not welcome? 
Damon felt the urge to rip Keith's limbs off, and his fury was amplified by his wolf's rage. 
'How dares he covet our mate!', Damon's wolf growled. 'Let's kill him right now as an example!' 
Damon wanted to cripple Keith, and he would probably do so if Talia was not there. Damon knew that Talia is a gentle spirit and if Damon gives in to this raging madness, she will hate him. 
He decided to deal with Keith later. 
"Leave." 
Damon's icy tone sent chills down Keith's spine and the latter could feel murderous intent. 
Keith was about to stand up when Talia grabbed his forearm. 
"Stay." 
Keith felt like crying. 
How on earth was he supposed to refuse a command from an Alpha? 
And why was Talia's one word dispelling his urge to obey Alpha Damon? 
---
###Chapter 110 - Opening Up [Bonus ]
Damon's frown deepened at Keith's resistance, and he increased his pressure. "I said, leave." 
"And I said, that he should stay.", Talia said to Damon stubbornly, like his Alpha aura didn't affect her not even a little bit. 
Damon would be impressed by her tenacity, if not for the pesky fly that somehow didn't leave. 
The only thing that saved Keith's neck at that point was the fact that there was some distance between him and Talia. If Keith dared to touch her, Damon would eliminate every part of Keith's body that came into contact with Talia. 
Damon glared at Keith who stumbled to get on his feet and the back of his shirt was drenched in a cold sweat like someone poured a bucket of water on him. 
Keith's werewolf instincts made him painfully aware of how close he was to being ripped into shreds. 
. 
"I'm sorry Talia, but…" 
Talia was upset that Keith gave in to Damon's unreasonable demand, but she was even more upset that Damon came here like he owns the place. 
He might be the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, but he is not her boss! 
Damon promised that he will come to the festival, and he didn't. Instead of following through on his word, he ended up getting himself a woman, and then he showed up out of nowhere and spoiled this little peace she managed to create for herself (with Keith and Cinna). 
Even for someone as timid as Talia, that was the last straw. 
She was done with being pushed around and humiliated. 
Talia came to the Dark Howlers pack to improve her life, but thanks to Damon, everything was going downhill. The moment she makes some progress, Damon casts a shadow on it. 
At this rate, it would be better if she just stayed in that attic. Actually, anywhere will be good as long as it's far away from this Devil. 
"Fine!", Talia exclaimed. 
She collected the lunchbox and the plush toy, and stood up. She grabbed Keith's hand. "Let's go." 
Damon couldn't believe this. He swatted Keith's hand away from Talia and pulled Talia toward him. "Where are YOU going?" 
Talia stepped away from Damon. "You said that Keith should leave, and I'm leaving with him." 
"The hell you are!", Damon snapped. 
"And what will you do if I don't listen? Spank me again?", Talia hissed. 
Keith's mouth hung open. What did he hear just now? 
Damon glared at Keith whose knees turned into jelly. At this rate, Alpha will really kill him. 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose and exhaled irritably before turning to Talia, "I said that he should leave because I want to talk to you. Or are you fine being here with the coach in his screwing hideout?" 
Keith's mind was spinning. First Talia got him into trouble, and now Alpha Damon? How did he find himself in the middle of this (whatever this is)? 
Talia paused and her eyes moved to Keith. "Is that true? Is this where you bring women to...?" She couldn't finish. 
"It's not like that.", Keith was quick to say. 
Keith had no idea why he was denying it. But Talia looked like a disappointed girlfriend while Damon looked like a furious parent who caught his daughter's boyfriend trying to get into her panties. And how did Damon know that this was Keith's hookup spot? 
"No one needs your explanations.", Damon squeezed through his teeth at Keith. "Leave, or do you want me to make you?" 
Keith saw Damon flexing his fingers into a fist repeatedly and he stepped away on an instinct. 
"I was just worried about Talia.", Keith said. 
"Talia should be warier of you than me.", Damon said curtly. "Now, scram." 
Keith hesitated because he didn't want to leave Talia at Damon's mercy, but the truth was that if Damon wanted to do something, Keith couldn't stop him. Also, Talia said that she is staying in the packhouse, so if Damon was set on doing something despicable, he could do it there without anyone knowing, and not here in the open. 
After thinking about his options, Keith realized that staying won't serve any purpose other than him getting seriously injured. 
Keith gave a guilty look to Talia and then he scurried away. 
Talia couldn't believe this. She clutched her lunch box and the plushie puppy (aka Cinna) and moved to pass by Damon. 
Damon blocked her way. "Where do you think you are going?" 
Talia was exasperated. "Why are you here?" 
"You said that you will wait for me. You said that you will not leave me." All the rage was gone from Damon's voice, leaving only sadness that made him sound like he was pleading. 
Talia realized that he was not talking only about the festival, but about the promise she made when he took her to the amusement park. 
"I said that I won't leave as long as you need me." 
"I need you." 
Talia shook her head. "That's not true." 
Damon didn't get it. "What makes you say that?" 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath, regretting that the beer she drank didn't give her a bigger buzz. Maybe if she was intoxicated, she wouldn't care. If only these unreasonable pesky feelings go away, everything would be so much simpler. 
Talia steeled her will and looked into Damon's icy-blue eyes that were full of questions. 
"You don't need me, Damon. If you do, you would come when you said you will, and not spend time with some she-wolf you picked up after lunch." 
Damon was confused. What she-wolf? "Is that what you think?" 
"It's not what I think. It's what everyone thinks." 
"Who is everyone?" 
"For every festival, you pick up a girl and no one sees you until morning. Is that false? Is everyone lying? Why did you say you will come back? Why did you say you will spend the evening at the fair with me?" Why did you make me feel like I matter? "Was the girl you picked up earlier not good enough? Why don't you pick up another one and leave me alone?" 
Talia exhaled in frustration. She couldn't believe that she lost her temper and said all those things. 
"I'm sorry, Damon. I said that I will not leave, and I said that I will stay in that room, but I can't. I don't belong there." 
Damon touched Talia's chin and tilted her head up so that he can see her face. 
"And where do you belong, kitten?" 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. Why did he call her kitten? Why was he playing with her heart? Why did he look at her like he cares? 
"What do you want from me, Damon?" 
"You are asking the wrong question." 
"And what question should I ask?" 
"This is not about what I want. It's about what YOU want.", Damon said and inched closer to Talia until they were close enough for him to wrap her into his embrace. 
Talia felt Damon's warmth all around her and his firm body against hers and his scent… and she hated that somehow she ended up leaning on him. How can she be strong and independent if one hug from the Devil is all she needs for her resolve to crumble? 
"You want to leave?", Damon murmured into Talia's hair. "I won't stop you, kitten, but first, I need you to be honest with yourself. Where will you go? Where do you belong? Is there a place you would feel better than right here?" 
Talia was stunned. Damon's words were outrageous and confident and… he was right. 
She didn't have a place to go, not because she didn't know where, but because right there in his embrace, she felt at home. 
Talia looked up at Damon to meet his icy-blue eyes. No matter how she thought about this, it didn't make sense. 
Sure, she fell for Damon, but what about him? Why was he sticking to her and giving her hopes that there might be something more than her wishful imagination? Or is he really a cruel person and only playing games with her? 
"Why are you doing this, Damon?", she asked in a whisper. 
"Because there is only one girl who gets to call herself Mrs. Blake. It's just you, kitten." 
Talia didn't get it. "Why?" 
"You make me smile, no matter how my day went. Your proximity puts my mind at ease. You make me feel not alone…" 
And that did it. Talia's vision blurred with tears in an instant as the dam which contained her emotions gave in. 
That feeling of not being alone… she had that as well. 
Since she was aware of her existence, Talia was always alone. In the common building which some called the orphanage, and later in the attic. Talia was used to it, that's how things were supposed to be. 
However, when she was with this Alpha who suffers from severe mood swings, who makes her feel all kinds of emotions she believed are only for someone else to experience, under all those fears and insecurities, with Damon's proximity and his solid embrace, Talia felt not alone and she didn't hate it. Not even a little bit. 
The insulated lunch bag and the plush toy fell on the grass at the same time as Talia's arms moved around Damon to fist his shirt. 
Damon's heart cracked because he could feel her emotional turmoil, but he was also a bit happy because he knew that she finds comfort in him. 
Talia was not ready to admit the strength of her emotions, but she needed him, just how he needed her, even though she couldn't feel the bond. 
Damon picked up Talia gently, and he sat on the ground with his legs crossed in the lotus position before placing Talia to sit right there. 
He cradled her in his arms and rocked gently while waiting for her to cry it out. 
"It's OK, kitten… let it out…", he murmured and Talia cried harder, releasing all the frustration and helplessness she piled up within her over the years. 
Since Damon met Talia, he saw her timid and embarrassed and happy and expressing many other emotions, but he never saw her crying. 
He despised every sob which escaped her beautiful lips, yet he knew that this was Talia showing him her vulnerable side. She was opening up to him. Finally. 
At that moment, Damon didn't only embrace Talia's body. He embraced her aching heart and her mind full of insecurities, and Damon hoped that he will be able to instill in Talia this sense of belonging that can be experienced only when mates are together. 
---
###Chapter 111 - Fireworks
Talia had no idea how long she cried in Damon's embrace. By the time she calmed down, his designer's silky shirt was messed up with her tears and snot, and the sunset happened a long time ago. 
"I'm sorry…", Talia said awkwardly. 
She just cried and scary Alpha held her and even comforted her, and she ruined his shirt. That was beyond embarrassing. 
She wiped her nose with the back of her palm, unsure where to look. Talia didn't remember when she cried the last time, and now she made a spectacle out of herself. 
"There is nothing for you to be sorry about, kitten.", Damon responded while wiping her cheeks with his fingers. He really wanted to kiss those tears away, but he feared that he might freak her out. 
. 
Talia was in distress, and this was not the right time for him to make a move, but it was the right time to clarify a few things. 
"I am sorry for not returning when I said I will. The meeting dragged for longer than I expected." 
Talia looked up at him. "Meeting?" 
"I told you that I have meetings in the afternoon, didn't I? And you assumed that I found myself a woman." Damon pouted. He really felt wronged because this time he didn't fool around, yet Talia thought he did. 
Damon never lacked women. Just one look and they would swarm around him. They didn't ask questions or set demands, and they treated his proximity as a privilege. That's how Damon used to live so far. 
It's not that staying away from women was difficult. After all, none compared to Talia. 
But he didn't know how to treat this delicate girl who was sitting on his lap. She was pure and beautiful and easily frightened, and he didn't want to scare her away. 
Damon didn't want to lie to Talia, but if he tells her the truth, she will definitely run away, and he will never find her. Is there some middle? Damon was not sure. 
Maybe if he tells her things little by little, she will accept him without being overwhelmed. Yes, that might work. 
But that approach will take time, and today, Damon was blindsided. 
He assumed that Talia won't be happy because he didn't come as promised, but he never dreamed of the possibility that Talia will leave the festival with that wretched coach who will get his punishment later when Talia is not around. Damon didn't forget. 
Damon's brain scrambled a million thoughts a second while trying to find a way to prevent Talia from leaving again like that. 
"Talia", Damon called in an official tone. "I know that I didn't do much to deserve your trust, but I promise that I will never lie to you. Next time when you hear something unpleasant, give me a chance to explain. OK?" 
"Explain?", Talia repeated. "Are you saying that what I heard are lies?" 
Damon exhaled heavily. Of course, those are not lies. 
"I can't fix the past, Talia. My promises are only about now and the future." 
Talia thought how that makes sense, but… "Why would you do that?" 
Damon smiled a little. "Because you are Mrs. Blake." 
Talia opened her mouth to say something, but then she closed it. She had no idea what to say to this Devil who was teasing her again. Is there any point to talk? No matter what she says, he will either twist it or dismiss it, so arguing is a waste of energy. 
Damon's gaze fell on Talia's lips and for the millionth time, he was thinking about kissing her right there. 
He cursed internally. He kissed so many women, and now when it counts, he was not sure what's the right timing. 
'When it's right, you will know it…', Damon's wolf spoke in his head. 
Damon understood it as 'the timing is NOT right'. 
OK. No kissing, but hugging is fine. 
Damon tightened his hold on Talia, pulling her to lean on him. 
Talia put her hands between them, and he could see the horror in her eyes. 
Damon was exasperated. What happened? 
They were having a moment, and now she was pushing him away. 
"Stop!", Talia squeaked. 
"Why?" 
"Because I don't want my face to be stuck in snot." 
Damon realized that she was talking about his shirt. 
In one swift move, Damon pulled the shirt over his head and tossed it on the side. 
Talia inhaled sharply the scent of the forest and dark chocolate that overtook her senses. 
"There. All better.", Damon said with a grin and wrapped Talia in his embrace. 
Talia stiffened. 
Damon was naked from the waist up! How can this be better!? 
"Damon?", Talia called weakly. 
"What?" 
Her eyes darted at his exposed chest that was only an inch away from her face. "Can you let me go?" 
Damon had no intention of letting her go. "Don't tell me that one flimsy piece of fabric is making a difference. Besides, all my important parts are still covered. I remember applying medicine all over you and I didn't complain. Am I that hideous that you don't want to touch me?" 
Talia was speechless. How did he end up flipping this situation to sound like he is the one being bullied? 
Should she just give up and lean on him? But that was bold, and she wished that she drank one more beer because then she would probably have the courage to plaster her face on Damon's chest. Unfortunately, that was not the case. 
"Of course, you are not hideous.", Talia said in a small voice while trying to explain herself. "It's just that… I never touched a guy like this and I'm not comfortable. Can you let me go, please?" 
Damon paused for a moment and then his lips lifted into a smile. Talia said it. She never touched a guy like this… and if she never touched a guy's chest, that means she didn't touch any other part either. 
She was absolutely pure and his to spoil, and if she had any idea how much that turned him on, she would never say such a thing. 
He really wanted to push her down on the grass and corrupt her in every way possible. 
Damon took Talia's hand into his and kissed the inside of her palm. 
The kiss was chaste and long, and she felt his hot breath on her palm, and Talia's face was on fire. 
Damon inhaled the sweet citrusy scent of freesia while delightful sparks danced on his lips, and he placed her palm on his chest, pressing it with a little force so that she can't pull her hand away. 
"There. Now you have touched me. Hold it until you get comfortable." 
Talia's eyes were open so wide that they nearly came out of their sockets. 
She was utterly flustered. 
Talia was sitting on the lap of half-naked Damon and her hand was on his rock-solid chest. His skin was smooth and warm, and she could feel his strong heartbeat under her palm, and if someone told her that she will find herself in this situation, she would call that person a liar. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
'BAM!' 
Talia jolted when a loud explosion sounded nearby and she instinctively stuck close to Damon with her fingers clutching his back as the night sky turned fiery red. 
Damon chuckled while welcoming this sudden proximity. Talia was glued to him, and he didn't mind, not even a little bit. 
Before Talia resumed breathing, another explosion erupted, this one colored the sky golden… and the next one turned it green. 
Talia stared at the vibrant night sky, and her lips stretched into a smile. 
This was the first time for her to see fireworks in person. 
One color followed after another in rapid succession, sometimes several fireworks exploded at the same time, in a pattern Talia couldn't follow, but she loved it very much. 
The majestic aerial display was launched from the opposite side of the lake, that was bordering Darkbourne. 
Talia was completely lost in the fantastic view of colorful explosions, unaware that she was still sticking to Damon, and the breathtaking experience was enhanced by the reflection on the calm surface of the lake. 
"Do you like it?", Damon's voice sounded close to her ear. 
"It's beautiful.", Talia breathed. 
"It is." 
Talia peeled her eyes from the fireworks to look at Damon and she met his icy-blue orbs directed at her. 
Damon's face was turning from yellow to green and then red as it reflected the fireworks, and then it hit her… Oh, gosh! Is it possible that he was talking about her, and not about fireworks? 
There was a moment of stillness when Talia thought that Damon can see straight into her soul and read all her thoughts and desires. It made her heart beat so wildly that Talia wondered if Damon can hear it over the fireworks. 
The way he looked at her made her feel all kinds of funny things in her stomach; it made her feel important, needed, desired, no one ever looked at her that way and she hoped that she never wakes up from this dream. 
Talia held her breath as Damon inched closer to her, and then she felt his soft lips pressing on her cheek. 
"I'm glad you like it, Talia.", Damon said in a husky voice. He was so close that his lips moved against her skin as he spoke, and then he kissed her again. 
Talia closed her eyes and inhaled a shaky breath that filled her system with the scent of the forest and dark chocolate, and she held onto him tightly because she became lightheaded. 
If there was a chance that she previously imagined his lips at the top of her head, and on the forehead, this was definitely real, right there, on her cheek… super-close to her lips. Almost there. Almost. 
Damon inched away and chuckled when he noticed that Talia's eyes are closed. Even with the fireworks throwing colors on her face, he could see that Talia was beet red. 
Damon tapped her nose with his index finger. "Open your eyes, kitten. You don't want to miss the grand finale." 
Right on cue, massive explosions sounded and shook Talia's insides as the whole sky was set on fire with vibrant colors, and Talia realized that Damon's grand finale comment was about the fireworks. 
Talia bit her lower lip in embarrassment because part of her hoped that the finale he mentioned might be about more kisses, on the lips, maybe. 
She let out a long breath and chided herself. Why was she thinking about kissing the Devil? 
---
###Chapter 112 - Numb
Today's incident told Damon that he needs to win Talia's heart and her trust because just saying that they are mates won't be enough. 
Without feeling the bond, Talia could run away from Damon when she feels threatened, and he will need to assure Talia that he will be there for her no matter what. 
How will he accomplish that? Damon had no idea. He decided to ask Caden and Maya for advice tomorrow, but for tonight, this was good progress and the night was still not over. 
For Talia, sitting on Damon's lap with his arms around her, came with a sense of safety and belonging, and he managed to make her nervous at the same time. His hold was comforting and warm, yet her insides shivered. It was unbelievable and contradictory. 
When Damon asked her earlier that day what she wants as a reward for being the MVP of the tournament, Talia was thinking about a date with him, and this… isn't this kind of a date? 
Talia didn't know if this means anything to Damon, but she was confident that she will remember this evening forever. 
Damon cradled Talia in his arms, and she leaned on him completely as they enjoyed the fireworks and each other's company in silence. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Should we go to the festival?", Damon asked Talia once the fireworks ended. 
Talia looked at Damon questionably, and he clarified. "I told you that I want to see the festival with you in the evening, and it's evening, so… Unless you are tired or not in the mood, we can go." 
Talia blinked while processing his words. It seems that this date wasn't over yet, but there was a problem… "What about your shirt?" It was ruined with her snot and definitely not wearable. It was some silky material and Talia was not sure if it can be washed at all. 
"Is there something wrong with me going like this?", Damon asked innocently. 
"Well… no… but…", Talia stumbled over her words. She knew that werewolves don't shy from nudity and that going topless for a guy is not a big deal even if he is human, but this is a family-oriented festival and in a such social setting, he should cover up. 
Besides, Damon is attracting attention as-is. If he goes into the town topless, Talia wondered if he will cause a riot. 
Everyone would be staring at Damon (and at her if she is close to him). How can they enjoy the festival then? 
Seeing that Talia couldn't find the right words to express her thoughts that were completely exposed by her expression, Damon chuckled. "Don't worry, kitten. Of course, I will get something to wear as long as you are willing to go with me." He paused to observe her face. "Are you willing to come with me?" 
Talia stared into his eyes that smiled at her and she said, "OK", without realizing it. 
Damon tilted his head and Talia understood that she should get up first. 
Talia scooted out of his lap before standing up and Damon hissed. 
"What's wrong?", Talia asked with urgency when she saw him frowning. 
"My legs are numb." 
"Oh…", a sound escaped Talia's lips. Well, she was sitting on his lap for a while. No wonder his legs are numb. "I'm sorry." 
Seeing Talia's concern, Damon got an idea. 
"If you are sorry, help me." 
Talia extended her hand toward him, and Damon stared at it like it's a foreign . 
"What's that for?", he asked. 
"Uhm… I want to help you get up. Take my hand." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "I can't feel my legs. Unless you can carry me, there is no point in me getting up." 
Talia had to agree with that logic. "So, how can I help?" 
"You can massage my legs to improve blood flow.", Damon said matter-of-factly. Seeing that Talia didn't react, he added, "You don't have to. In a few minutes, I will be fine. Waiting a little bit is not a big price to pay in exchange for using me as a cushion all this time." 
Talia was not sure if he was joking, but she was aware that she used the big scary Alpha as a cushion to sit on and he comforted her while she ruined his shirt, so it would be normal to help, but… "I don't know how. I never massaged anyone." 
Damon couldn't believe that it worked. "Come here." He beckoned her to come down. 
"It's mostly my thighs…", he started explaining as Talia got on her knees next to him. "Put your hands on them and apply pressure while making small movements to stimulate blood flow… you can press harder, this feels more like a tickle… yeah… that's good…" 
Talia was squeezing his thighs and she had no idea if she was doing it right, but he said that it was good, so she continued. 
Talia's hands moved timidly at first, and then with less reservation. She was pressing and kneading, and the delicious sparks of the bond prickled Damon's nerve endings through the fabric of his pants. 
Damon wished that she moves her hands just a bit higher because it felt really good. 
He was never so turned on. What would happen if she holds onto his shaft? Just the thought of that made him groan. 
Talia paused her movements. "Let me know if I'm hurting you." 
Damon cleared his throat and gestured to Talia to continue. "I will." 
He looked at Talia's earnest expression and exhaled helplessly. They have a long way ahead of them. 
Damon wanted to plop backward on the grass and enjoy the experience of Talia's hands on him, but he feared that if he lays back, Talia will see the bulge which will reveal his arousal. That would freak her out. Definitely. 
On the bright side, while Damon was in a seated position, Talia's face was close to his and he could observe the smallest movements of her facial muscles. Gorgeous. He could look at her all day and not get bored of it. 
Talia noticed that Damon was observing her intently and she felt heat creep up her neck. Ah, she was getting flustered again! 
It was just the two of them, on the soft grass, in the darkness, with tall rocks on one side and a lake on another, and the expansive forest encircled everything. Distant sounds from the festival would drift their way with the breeze, and Talia realized that the atmosphere was very intimate. 
Talia could literally feel the heat radiating from Damon's body, and she didn't dare look at him, but she knew that his intense gaze was fixed on her. 
Talia couldn't believe that with Damon she could lower her guard completely and feel safe, and then there was this tangible anxiousness as she anticipated his next move. 
"Is this enough?", Talia asked after some time. 
"It will do, for now. Thank you.", he said in a husky voice. 
"Don't mention it." Really, don't mention it. 
Damon stood up and Talia picked up Cinna (aka the plush toy puppy) and the insulated lunch bag. 
She was looking at the beer cans that were left behind her and Keith, but her hands were full. 
"Should we pick up the cans so that we don't leave trash?" 
Damon frowned at this question. He didn't want to touch anything that was related to Keith. 
"I will send someone to clean this up.", Damon said stiffly and then he offered his left hand to Talia. "Let me hold something for you." 
Talia gave him the lunch bag and he quickly kept it in his right hand, before extending his left one toward Talia again. 
Damon smiled when Talia put her hand in his without a word and their fingers intertwined naturally. 
Little by little, she was getting used to him. Holding hands. Hugs. Sleeping together. And soon, there will be more. Much more. He couldn't wait! 
They walked for less than a minute when Damon stopped. 
"Just a moment", he said and let go of her hand. 
Talia watched him go behind a tree and a second later he returned while pulling a dark gray t-shirt over his head. 
"Where did that come from?", Talia asked. 
"We have stashes of clothes in the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. Anyone who ended up shifting without backup clothes can help himself. If humans see naked people emerging from the forest, they might start a nudist colony here and we don't want that." 
Darkbourne is a town of werewolves, and a few humans who live here are mated to werewolves, hence aware of their existence. Having something that will attract a large number of humans into the area is not advisable because the existence of the werewolves is a secret that's keeping them safe, and all werewolves abide by this rule. 
Talia looked at him with a small frown. "If you had clothes handy, why were you topless there?" She gestured toward the direction from where they came. 
Damon smirked. "How else would you get used to touching me?" 
"I didn't get used to touching you.", Talia was quick to respond. 
"Of course, only one session won't be enough.", Damon said matter-of-factly. "We will need to practice more." 
Talia was speechless. She really didn't know what to say, so she kept quiet. 
They resumed walking while holding hands and Damon saw Talia holding the plush puppy with great care. He had to ask, "From where did that toy come from?" 
"Keith won it for me at the fair.", Talia responded without thinking. 
Damon felt the fire of fury brewing in the depths of his belly. "Did he now?" 
Talia didn't notice the change in Damon's mood. 
"Yes. At the ring toss. Isn't she cute?" Talia smiled at the toy and rubbed the puppy's head on her cheek. "I didn't have toys growing up. I love how soft she is. Her name is Cinna. That's short for Cinnamon." 
Damon's heart cracked when he heard that Talia didn't have toys as a child. He was determined to win for her a bunch of toys at the festival and then he will buy her more. 
He loved to see Talia happy, but he couldn't approve an item that came from another man. 
Damon glared at the plush puppy while thinking what kind of an accident Cinna will encounter soon. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 113 - The Summer Solstice Festival (11)
Talia was apprehensive about getting into Darkbourne while holding hands with Damon, but quickly she realized that it was not a big deal. 
The streets on the outskirts of Darkbourne were dimly lit, so no one paid attention to one hand-holding couple. 
When they emerged to the streets where the festival was held, it was lit up well, but it was packed with people, so Talia and Damon melded with the crowd where many held hands in order to stay with their group. 
Also, while they were making their way toward the town square, Talia saw several guys with the same dark gray t-shirt as Damon was wearing. Those were guys who came from the patrol and didn't bother to go home and change. 
With Damon suppressing his Alpha aura unless someone took a serious look at him, he was easily mistaken for a regular warrior. 
"Let me know if some game or food interests you.", Damon told Talia and she nodded in response. 
Damon thought of another thing. "Don't let go of my hand, kitten. But if we get separated, meet me at the clock tower." He really didn't want to risk losing Talia, and he hoped that she won't leave on her own. 
Damon and Talia moved from one stall to another, and Talia observed everything with interest. 
They visited more than twenty stalls when Damon realized that Talia didn't ask for anything. 
He facepalmed. Of course, she didn't ask for anything. Talia is the girl who left the kitchen hungry because she was uncomfortable, and that proved how Talia is used to denying herself not only pleasures but necessities also; Talia would never ask for a thing even if she wants it. 
Damon opted to pay attention to Talia's nonverbal signs of interest, but it was hard because he never paid attention to what a woman wanted, and Talia followed after him without trying to slow him down or speed up the pace. 
Two stalls later, a man was selling grilled chicken on a stick. Customers could pick one of five sauces that will be lathered over the grilled meat. 
Damon perked up when Talia closed her eyes and took a deep breath as a warm smile spread on her lips. 
"We will take it.", Damon spoke to the vendor. 
"Which one?", the man asked while gesturing toward sauces. His eyes were on the meat that was grilling, and he didn't look at the faces of his customers. 
Damon really had no idea which sauce to pick, but he knew that if she asks Talia, she will say that any is fine. 
"Two of each." 
Talia observed as the vendor neatly wrapped each flavored type into a separate aluminum foil before placing them into a box that had a handle. There was even a small compartment on the bottom of the box that held napkins. Talia was fascinated. 
Only when handing the box to Damon, vendor realized. "Alpha! It's an honor." 
Damon waved at the man, indicating that he shouldn't fuss about it. "How much for these?" 
"They are on the house." 
Damon didn't like this. Yes, things in Darkbourne are free for Damon, but he wanted to show Talia that he can provide for her. Damon feared that if he just takes freebies, Talia will think bad of him. After all, if this was any other customer, that vendor would earn money. 
Without a word, Damon fished a fifty-dollar bill from his pocket and kept it on the counter of the stall before taking the box with grilled meat. 
"Let's find a spot to sit…", Damon said, and Talia tugged his hand to get his attention. 
She looked at a group of people who were standing nearby and eating. "I think that this should be eaten on the go." 
Damon didn't think about it. If he did, he wouldn't buy so many. 
A moment later, he got an idea… "Alright. Let's stand on the side." 
Damon opened the box and held it for Talia to pick first. 
She took a bite from the chicken skewer that was drenched in a tangy barbecue sauce when she heard Damon saying, "Since my hands are full, you will need to feed me." 
Talia chewed in slow motion while wondering what she got herself into this time. But his hands were busy holding her lunchbox and the box with grilled chicken, so it made sense. 
She reached to swap sticks with chicken, to offer Damon the one she didn't bite on, and Damon moved the box out of her reach. 
"I want to take a bite from that one." Damon gestured with his chin toward the skewer Talia was holding. 
Talia hesitated and Damon leaned to bite on the meat while Talia stood and watched in disbelief. 
Yes, they ate together (and even fed each other) many times, but standing like this super-close in the crowd and Damon eating from the same skewer was unexpectedly intimate and Talia's heart skipped a beat. Aren't the two of them like a couple? Like a real couple? 
Talia saw that Damon had a smidge of the sauce at the corner of his lips and Talia wondered if she was also messy. That was possible. 
Her tongue darted left-right to pick up any residue sauce and Damon stared at her. 
He really wanted to kiss her thoroughly. 
Damon wondered, how is it possible that he is aroused no matter what Talia does? Just being close to her makes him half-hard and he was sure that he was losing his mind. 
He knew that it was the mate bond, urging him to get close to Talia, urging him to claim her as his, but he couldn't act on those feelings without freaking out Talia so Damon chanted silently that he needs to wait. They are definitely getting closer and even though this is much slower than he wants things to happen, they are moving in the right direction and that should be enough. It has to be. 
One by one, Talia and Damon finished all skewers and neither of them paid attention to the flavors of the sauce or the texture of the meat, because both of them were lost in the soothing feeling of being together that mixed with anticipation of what is to come. 
Damon's competitive spirit was at its highest when he saw the ring toss game and he threw a malicious side-glance at the Cinna. 
There were several pegs of various lengths, with the tallest one at the front, and shortest at the back. 
"What's needed in order to get the biggest toy?", Damon asked the vendor who was at the ring toss game. 
"Five out of five, on the furthest pegs…", his voice trailed. "Alpha! You don't need to…" 
Damon raised his hand to stop him from talking. 
This was about Damon showing his superiority compared to that measly coach who dared to covet Talia, and he didn't need any concessions to achieve that... other than clearing up the long line of people who waited to play the ring toss game. 
One glare from Damon made twenty-something people who stood in line to disperse, leaving only the current player sweating bullets, unsure if he should finish his turn or scram right away. 
Damon was pleased with this outcome. He gestured toward Cinna while talking to the vendor. "That toy. Is it the biggest one?" 
Talia frowned at Damon's question. Cinna was about ten inches tall, and there were obviously bigger toys on the display. 
"Oh, no, Alpha.", a female voice came from behind the vendor, and only then Talia and Damon noticed a young woman with a flattering smile on her face. 
"That toy looks like it came out of the third level for the prizes, and we have five.", she said while batting her eyelashes at Damon. 
Damon groaned internally. Who was this woman and why was she flirty with him in front of Talia? 
Damon decided to ignore the woman and focus on the guy. "How much for a round? Give me rings and show us your biggest toys. I want her to pick one." Or all of them. 
Damon put his hand on Talia's back and pushed her to stand in front of him, to the obvious disappointment of the woman who was inching closer to Damon with every step while hoping to offer more than just services related to the ring tossing game. 
"Really, that's not…" Talia's rejection was interrupted when her eyes landed on a plush toy that was about twice the size of Cinna. 
This toy was a wolf with black fur and blue eyes, just like the wolf from her dreams. Talia dreamed of him on the night when she fell asleep in the forest, and she dreamed about that wolf several more times. 
He was big and intimidating, but gentle and somehow she knew that he won't hurt her; he was there to protect her. 
"Did you see something you like?" 
Damon's question made Talia blush. She wanted to deny it, but she ended up nodding. 
Damon was elated. Talia likes something and he will get it for her! 
Damon leaned closer to Talia and his breath splashed on her ear, "Which one, kitten?" 
Talia jolted to look at Damon with panic on her face. Why did he call her kitten? It's one thing if he is teasing her when it's just the two of them, but this was in public. What if someone heard? Sure, he spoke in a low voice, but most of the people around them are werewolves with enhanced hearing. 
But Damon's gaze was unwavering and the longer she looked at him, the more anxious she got, so Talia responded, "The wolf." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 114 - The Summer Solstice Festival (12)
When Talia said that she wants a wolf plushie, Damon glanced at the toys that were hanging on the wooden wall behind the ring toss game. 
"I see five of them. You will need to be more specific. Or do you want all of them?" 
Talia was quick to shake her head. "Not all. Just the black one." 
Damon's eyebrows shoot up when he realized which toy caught her eye. Isn't that almost like mini-him? 
But he never showed himself in front of Talia in his wolf form except for that one time in the forest when she was sleeping. Can this be a coincidence? Or did someone tell her about his wolf? Damon decided not to overthink it. 
Damon spoke to the vendor who was eagerly waiting to serve his Alpha, "The black wolf. If I throw all five rings on the furthest posts, the toy is ours. Right?" 
The vendor confirmed. 
Damon took a few seconds to aim, and then all five rings fell neatly on the furthest post, one by one. 
Seeing Talia look at him in awe, Damon grinned victoriously. 
Eat that, you measly coach! 
Ah, this felt more satisfying compared to when he defeated Alpha Roderick who dared to challenge him three times. 
In Damon's opinion, the only thing that could make this better would be if the measly coach (aka Keith) was right there, watching his image being completely trampled by Damon's victory with Talia as a witness. 
Damon took the wolf plushie from the vendor before handing it to Talia. 
"Take good care of him, Talia.", Damon said. 
"I will. Thank you.", Talia responded with a dazzling smile, and then she buried her face in the neck of the black wolf plushie while squeezing him in a hug. 
Damon's lips twitched. 
He really wanted to be that plush toy right now. 
Why was Talia always reserved with him, like he has some disease, yet this toy got a full-hug and a face-rub treatment? 
"Look, Cinna, this is your brother.", Talia said. "He is bigger, so he will be your big brother, Blackie." 
After a moment of surprise, Damon stifled a laugh. Talia sounded like she adopted a child. Well, he can play that game. 
"Blackie Blake.", Damon said with finality. 
Talia was flustered. First Keith said that he is Cinna's father, and now Damon gave Blackie his last name. Somehow, it all sounded like much more than a kind gesture of gifting a toy. 
"His fur is black, so Blackie seemed appropriate…" 
"And I won him for you, so he will have my last name." Damon inched closer to Talia and added with a murmur. "And yours, Mrs. Blake." 
Talia inhaled sharply. 
She would prefer if he stops teasing her with labels like a kitten and Mrs. Blake, but at the same time, it made her feel warm and fuzzy whenever he called her as such, and she didn't want him to stop. Ever. 
With their hands getting full, Damon asked for a large bag from the vendor and they kept Talia's lunchbox and two plush toys inside, for Damon to carry. 
Talia had difficulty letting go of the wolf toy, but she knew that Damon would keep it safe, and she was already planning to cuddle with Blackie to sleep. 
Their next stop was at the stall that sold corn on the cob. 
Damon was getting corn for the two of them, and Talia stood one step behind him while thinking how this definitely looks like a date. A real one. Her first one. 
"Talia!", a scream came from the side a moment before Zina and Dawn came to greet her. 
"We saw you at the game this morning.", Dawn said excitedly. "You looked like a dominatrix with all those guys kneeling in front of you." 
Talia had no idea what dominatrix was, but before she could ask for clarification, Zina was talking. 
"Congratulations on being the MVP of the tournament! Niiiiice…", Zina sang this last word. 
Only then Talia noticed that Dawn and Zina were slightly wobbly, and their gazes were unfocused. It was faint, but even with all the scents mixing in the air, Talia could pick up the alcohol. Well, it's a festival. 
"Thanks.", Talia responded. "Where are you two going?" 
"We are going to the bonfire to dance.", Dawn responded and pointed at the garland of flowers that was hanging around her neck. 
Zina was also pointing at her garlands. She had three of them. "Do you want to join us? Our roommates are already there." 
Talia glanced at the back to see that Damon was now paying for the corn. 
She was not sure about the dancing, but she definitely wanted to see the bonfire and the ritual where women dance for the Moon Goddess. However, Damon was right there, and she didn't know if he will be willing to go. 
Ever since Damon told Talia the story of how unmated girls dance around the bonfire, under the moon, for the Moon Goddess to see and to bless them with good mates, Talia was dreaming of doing the same. 
Talia was in a predicament. She didn't want to separate from Damon, and at the same time, she was confident that if Damon shows up among a bunch of unmated women who are looking for a man… that won't end up well. 
Can she go with Damon, without him, or should she just give up on going? 
"I don't know.", Talia said helplessly. 
"Come on.", Dawn urged her. "Every girl should dance for the Moon Goddess at least once. How else will you find your mate?" 
Both Dawn and Zina froze and stared behind Talia and Talia knew that Damon was back. 
Dawn and Zina were not sure what was more unbelievable… that Damon was there with two corns in his hand, or that he nodded at them in greeting without suffocating them with his presence, or that he stood next to Talia like he belongs there. 
"You want to dance for the Moon Goddess?", Damon asked Talia. He had no intention of hiding that he overheard their conversation. 
Instead of answering Damon's question, Talia's stomach filled with knots when she saw Dawn and Zina gaping at Damon. 
Oh, noooo... Dawn and Zina now know that Talia was here with Damon! Why didn't she think about the possibility that someone will recognize them? 
Talia was carried away by the mood and handholding and she totally forgot about the rumors that will spark from this. And it's only a matter of time before princess Marcy, or Cassie, or many others who are coveting the position of Damon's Luna hear about this. 
"We are sorry, Alpha.", Dawn and Zina said in unison and lowered their heads. They were tipsy, but not so much that they didn't realize their mistake. They shouldn't be so casual in front of Damon. 
Damon was focused on Talia, like no one else existed. He saw that Talia's mood dropped, and he assumed that it was related to dancing. "I would like to see you dancing around the bonfire." 
Dawn and Zina exchanged quick glances. They were not sure what's going on, but Alpha was talking gently to Talia, and they understood that pleasing Talia means they won't be punished for disrespect. 
"We will be happy if you join us!", Dawn said to Talia and Zina nodded in agreement. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon found a spot on the side and told Talia, "Dance as much as you want. Whenever you are done, I will be right here." 
Zina gave one of her garlands for Talia to wear. 
"How did you end up with Alpha?", Dawn asked in a whisper as the three of them moved toward the bonfire that was already encircled by many women who were twirling and swaying in the beat of the music. 
Talia's mind stuttered for a moment, and then she got an idea. 
"As the MVP of the tournament, I get to spend some time with him. We had a chat and I watched him play a game before he bought corn. It's nothing more than that. Please, don't get strange ideas or you will get me in trouble." 
Talia didn't want to say how she was sitting in Damon's lap, and she cried and ruined his shirt and then watched fireworks, and the kisses on the cheek… ah, the kisses! And she would never say that he calls her kitten, or Mrs. Blake, or that they are sharing a bed for the last few nights. 
Anyway, it will probably sound like bragging, so Talia thought of using her newly acquired MVP status as a good explanation. 
The girls were walking away, but Damon was able to hear them with his Alpha hearing. He frowned. 
It seems that Talia didn't want to admit how close the two of them are. 
Damon shook his head helplessly. Every woman who got into any kind of contact with him would brag and exaggerate just to make herself sound important, yet Talia made him feel invisible. 
Damon was not sure if Talia concealed the nature of their relationship because of his status, or her insecurities, or his past... maybe all of it combined. He refused to believe that it's because she doesn't like him. 
Thanks to the mate bond, Damon could sense Talia's emotions and he was aware that her timid heart was his for taking, but he needed to be careful about it, or risk adding another scar on her already bruised soul. 
The only thing he was not sure about was how to accomplish such a feat without messing it up. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 115 - Sketchy Strangers
Talia stared at the bonfire while standing at the edge of an irregular circle made out of dancing women, and she didn't move. 
"Come on.", Zina tugged Talia's hand. "There are no rules. Just move while thinking about your perfect man. The Moon Goddess will respond when the timing is right." 
Her perfect man? Talia pressed her lips into a line when Damon's image flashed in her mind. 
Realistically, Talia knew that Damon was far from perfect, but she also knew that he was doing his best for his pack, and he saved her from the attic, and that had to count for something. 
Damon was moody and he loved to tease Talia, but he was also gentle and caring and she saw him working seriously, and he held her when she was crying, and he took her to the amusement park, and he stood up for her when the nutritionist mistreated her, and… there were many things Damon did right. 
At the end of the day, Damon was fighting his own battles, just like everyone else, but what made him stand out among all other men was that he never used his position to force Talia into anything against her will. And he smelled nice. 
Talia was aware that Damon was off-limits, but if not him, then who? Keith? Pierce? Liam? Her options were rather limited because she didn't interact with many men... if she excludes the soccer players. 
After giving it some thought, Talia decided not to think about any man, and to focus on the spectacle in front of her because this was about Talia, and not about a man, even if that man is Alpha Damon. 
Dawn was already in the middle of the action, waving her arms and wiggling her hips. It was out of rhythm and comical, but Talia admired the fact that Dawn didn't care. She looked happy. Free. 
Talia craved for that freedom where no one will look at her as a reason for bad things happening, where no one will punish her for the things she didn't do, or judge her, look down on her, where she can make her own decisions and won't depend on anyone. 
Inhaling deeply, Talia stepped into the crowd of women, raised her arms, and closed her eyes while allowing the music to take her places she never visited before. 
Damon's presence didn't go unnoticed, no matter how far he was from the bonfire and how much he suppressed his aura. But lower-ranked females (and males) didn't dare to approach him without permission, and regardless of how much they looked at him, Damon's gaze was fixed on one figure that was swaying in the throng of others. 
It was easy for Damon to recognize Talia. She was the picture of elegance, moving at the beat of her own music, glowing brighter than the fire which towered above her. 
To Damon, it looked like Talia was the only woman there, dancing only for him to see. Breathtaking. 
Damon used every bit of his willpower to resist the intoxicating urge to go there and claim Talia as his in front of everyone to see. 
Alpha Maddox's warning was sounding at the back of Damon's mind and Damon knew that he probably shouldn't come to the festival with Talia, because people are watching him and someone will notice Talia, but the Alpha in Damon refused to hide. If he can't protect his Luna, no one can. 
Damon didn't realize when it happened, but he decided that Talia will be his Luna and the only thing he still needed to figure out was how he will announce that news to his pack and to Talia. 
'Alpha!', the voice of general Ryker sounded in Damon's mind. 'We have a situation on the North-East of Darkbourne.' 
Damon frowned. That was close to where he was. 'Where are Betas?' 
'Beta Caden is at the West border investigating a group which tried to sneak into our territory, and Beta Maya is on the main road, South entrance to Darkbourne, handling the situation of three individuals who came with fake IDs.' 
Damon puffed his cheeks. He knew that this would happen. Every time the Dark Howlers pack is hosting a celebration, there are groups of werewolves that are trying to get in and cause a commotion. That's why they increased security, and Damon knew that if his general is contacting him, it must be important. 
Most of the people present in the crowd are werewolves, but it's inevitable that some are humans. 
The priority of Damon's warriors is to maintain safety without disrupting the festival because big commotion will be a stain on their competence to secure their own territory, and it also might expose them to humans. 
'What's the situation?', Damon asked Ryker through the mind-link. 
'We found two werewolves hiding in the forest. They were communicating with someone, and refuse to say with whom, but I suspect they are part of something bigger.' 
Damon looked toward the bonfire, and he could see that Talia was enjoying. 
He didn't want to interrupt her, but he couldn't leave this issue unattended. 
His warriors can't make others talk, but Alpha has his aura that can make others submit and force them to obey. 
Damon decided. 
'I'm on my way.', Damon told Ryker. 
If Talia had a mind-link, Damon would notify her that he will back in a bit, but that was not an option and if he went there, it would cause a commotion. 
With no better option available, Damon mind-linked Dawn and Zina, 'Watch over Talia. I will return in a bit.' 
He was not sure what to do about the bag he was carrying. If there is an issue where a general requested for Alpha to come, the probability of Damon shifting into his wolf form was high and he didn't want to risk losing or damaging the toy he won for Talia. 
Damon glanced at the group of guys who were standing nearby, and he could sense that they are from his pack. "Keep an eye on this bag. It belongs to the MVP of the tournament." 
The guys nodded in understanding, and no one dared to ask why would Alpha hold onto a bag for Talia or why they needed to babysit it. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"What's the situation?", Damon asked general Ryker when he approached the group. 
Two men were on the ground, kneeling with their arms behind their heads, surrounded by Ryker and three other warriors. 
Ryker lowered his head in respect and responded, "We noticed them acting suspiciously and we followed them into the forest. They were exchanging messages with someone by using this…", Ryker handed a cellphone to Damon and continued, "I contacted Gordon to come and crack the passcode so that we can see the message history. He should be here shortly." 
Damon knew that this spells trouble. Why would a werewolf need a cellphone? It's either because they were communicating with someone who doesn't belong to their pack or because the other person is not a werewolf. 
Damon told his warriors to step aside, and then he turned toward two men who were kneeling on the ground. 
"To which pack you belong?" 
They groaned when Damon released his aura to suppress them. 
Yes, Gordon (aka the IT wizard) will crack the passcode, but that will take time, and this was faster. 
"The Halfcrest pack", one of the guys responded with difficulty. 
"You are far away from home.", Damon said. "Why are you here? With whom were you communicating?" 
Damon increased his pressure because he didn't have time for idle chit-chat. He wanted to be done with this and to return to his spot. Ideally, he will return before Talia notices his absence. 
Two minutes later… 
Damon's mind was working a million thoughts a second while thinking about how to deal with the situation. 
The captured duo was part of a larger group that had a task to come to Darkbourne and spy on what's going on during the festival. 
Damon knew that there is a mastermind behind whatever the perpetrators were up to because the two guys that were captured had spotty knowledge about their accomplices, saying that only the group leader knew how to contact everyone, and whenever they found information of interest, they were to notify their group leader. 
They had a task to mingle with locals and find out as much as possible about the current situation in Darkbourne. That was not unusual, Damon was aware that spies are everywhere. 
Their leader also told them to keep an eye on a few individuals; Alpha Damon, Beta Caden, Beta Maya, and the mysterious girl with copper-colored hair that was close to Damon (aka Talia). 
Damon gritted his teeth while thinking how Cassie and Alpha Richard will pay for this. How dare they put a target on Talia's back!? It was one thing when Maddox told Damon about it earlier that morning, but now that he heard it from some sketchy strangers, Damon felt the urgency to deal with the situation. 
Another worrisome thing was that the leader of their group was contemplating getting his hands on Talia. 
The guys confessed that they saw Damon with Talia during lunch, but they were not sure if she is the target because she was the MVP of the tournament and other Alphas were also present. However, when they spotted Damon and Talia in the evening, that confirmed Talia is the girl they were looking for. 
Damon's heart was racing. If they were following them, doesn't that mean they know that Talia is at the bonfire? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 116 - The Safety Drill
"We need to go…", Dawn told Talia while tugging on her arm. 
Talia was swept away in dancing, and she needed a moment to comprehend that Dawn and Zina were next to her, urging her to leave. 
She had no intention of going anywhere without an explanation. 
"Where are we going?", Talia asked. 
"Alpha mind-linked us.", Zina said in a hushed voice. "Everyone who can't fight needs to move to safe houses. He told us to take you with us." 
"What? Why?" 
"We don't know why.", Dawn said. "As Omegas, we need to follow orders. There is a security issue, and we can't fight. If we linger and things escalate, we will only be in the way." 
Talia looked around and noticed that the number of women dancing reduced visibly. Does that mean the festival is over? What about Damon? 
Talia glanced in the direction where Damon was, and she only saw a bag where he used to stand. 
"Come on, we need to move.", Zina pulled on Talia's hand. "Don't run. We don't want to alert outsiders. You never know if troublemakers are watching us." 
"My bag…", Talia cried while looking behind, in the direction where Damon used to stand. 
"Leave things. Safety first.", Dawn said and pushed Talia to move. 
Talia moved robotically while anxiousness swelled inside her. 
Troublemakers? What if something happens to Damon? What if he gets hurt? 
Talia was never in such a situation, and she had no idea what to expect. 
"Do these things happen often?", Talia asked. 
"Don't worry too much.", Dawn said with a comforting smile. "It's probably nothing." 
Talia didn't believe her. "If it's nothing, why do we need to leave?" 
"Our Alpha doesn't want to risk anyone's safety. We have these drills regularly. They will investigate and let us know when it's OK to return to our routine." 
Talia didn't like this. She didn't like it, not even a little bit. 
Why does she need to hide? 
Sure, she can't fight, but hiding and waiting for things to settle while Damon and others are risking their lives didn't sound right. 
She was imagining a fierce fight and numerous guys jumping on Damon and her heart ached. What if baddies have weapons? What if there are too many of them? 
Yes, Dawn and Zina said that it's nothing, but if it's nothing, why would Damon leave that bag behind? 
The bag! What if someone takes it? 
Blackie and Cinna are there, and the insulated lunch bag that has food and juice and a hundred dollars in ten dollar bills that Stephanie gave her and Talia still didn't get to use any of it. 
How can Talia face Stephanie if she loses that bag? 
Cinna is her first toy ever and Blackie is a plushie that Damon won for her. 
Each and every item in that bag was precious to Talia and she had to get it. 
But Talia knew that Zina and Dawn won't let her go back. They were moving through the people on Alpha's orders and Talia used the crowd to give them a slip. 
Talia moved to the left to disappear between the people and then she turned and dashed back to get her bag. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon worked swiftly with his warriors. With children, elderly, and non-fighting members out of the way, and many warriors mixed among the people, they could easily identify their own pack members. That didn't guarantee that some of them are not traitors, but it narrowed down the list of suspects significantly. 
Damon also reached out to Alpha Maddox, Axel, and other Alphas, asking them to do the same. 
In less than one hour, Damon had five people sent to the dungeon to be interrogated. 
Damon was pleased to confirm that one of those five people was the main contact to two sketchy characters that general Ryder caught in the forest. 
Damon's men knew that the priority will be to find out why those men were at the festival and with whom they worked. Damon was confident that he will get a report as soon as they find something, no later than the next morning. 
It was not the first time for the Dark Howlers pack to go through this exercise as it's not uncommon for them to have spies infiltrating and rogues attacking. 
This was like a fire drill but with werewolves and on a scale of a whole town. 
With that business settled, Damon mind-linked Zina and Dawn to confirm their location and to tell them to stay put, and then he went to go to the safe house, to get Talia. 
Dawn and Zina were contemplating escaping the safe house, or maybe escaping the planet, but they had a feeling that they can't escape their Alpha no matter where they go. 
He told them to watch over Talia and to take her to the safe house, and they failed. The two of them huddled in the corner and waited for their doom. 
Dawn and Zina looked like their souls were about to leave their bodies when Damon appeared at the door. Most of the people left the safe house by now, so it was just the three of them in the room. 
Damon glanced around and his face darkened. "Where is she?" 
Zina inhaled a shaky breath. "We lost her." 
Damon was sure that his ears malfunctioned. "You what?" 
"On our way here…", Dawn spoke in a shaky voice. "We lost her. We went back to find her, but it was in vain. Talia disappeared." 
Damon told himself not to panic. Even he was unable to find Talia (more than once), so he shouldn't expect that two Omegas could accomplish where he failed. 
Actually, Talia escaped under Damon's nose (more than once), and even his own warriors had difficulty finding her. She might be weak and skinny, but Talia is not easy to capture. 
It was only about one hour, and his warriors were surrounding the Darkbourne, checking everyone who was entering and leaving the perimeter, via the road or through the forest. 
Damon was confident that Talia was still in town. Every person living in Darkbourne belongs to the Dark Howlers pack. If Zina and Dawn lost Talia, there is a chance that someone else offered Talia a place to hide. After all, Talia is the MVP of the tournament, and many would recognize her as such. 
Damon was confident that Talia is somewhere of her own free will. If she was in distress, he would feel it through the mate bond. 
But, where could she be? 
"Where did you lose her? Did she say something?" 
Both Dawn and Zina shook their heads at Damon's questions. 
A second later, Dawn froze. "The bag." 
"What bag?", Damon asked. 
"The bag you were holding. Talia wanted to go and get it, but we told her to leave it behind." 
Damon chided himself internally. How could he forget about that bag? 
He remembered how Talia hugged the wolf plushie, and he also remembered the worn-out Cinderella book that Talia brought with her from the Red Moon pack. Talia didn't have many things, but she cherished each and every one of them. 
Damon was confident that Talia would jeopardize her safety for those trinkets. Damn it! 
He was running all the way to the clearing where the bonfire was. 
The bonfire was subsiding, but there were still a few dozen women dancing, and another group of giggling females joined in the fun. 
The festival was ongoing without a hitch. 
Damon went to the spot where he left the bag, and he was disappointed to see that the bag was missing. 
Did Talia take the bag? 
If she did, or if she didn't, that didn't change the fact that Damon was out of clues on where to find Talia. 
'Steph? Are you in the packhouse?', Damon mind-linked Stephanie. 
'Yes.' 
'Did Talia come back from the festival?' 
'I don't know. Why?' 
'I took her to the bonfire. She wanted to dance for the Moon Goddess. We had a safety drill and I lost her.', Damon explained. 
'How can you lose her?' 
Damon didn't feel like explaining everything so he went with a short version, 'I told two Omegas to take her to the safe house, but she was not there. Can you check her room?' 
'There is no need to check.', Stephanie said. 
'You know where she is?' 
'No. But you should.' 
Damon didn't get it. 'What?' 
'Talia is a responsible girl. If she was with you, she wouldn't leave without telling you. Think. Where could she be? Is there any place where you would look for her that she knows about it?' 
Damon frowned. What place? The playing fields? Keith's screwing hideout? The ring toss game? The… 
And then it hit him. 
'Steph! You are brilliant!' 
'I know. I know…', Stephanie grumbled, but Damon could hear that she was smiling. 
Damon was back to running, this time toward the town square. 
The town square was still packed with people. Music and scents of food filled the air, and the mood was merry. 
Damon weaved his way between people and then he stopped to look at a lone figure standing below the clocktower. 
Talia was holding the bag in front of her and twisting the handle nervously with both hands. Her eyes would dart over the faces of people just long enough to confirm that it's not Damon, but not too long to attract attention. 
She was thinking about the security issue. If it was serious, how come all these people are still having fun like nothing is happening? And she was worried if Dawn and Zina will dislike her for giving them a slip, but Talia was worried the most about Damon. 
What if something happened to him? What if he got hurt? What if he forgot about her? 
A small breeze caressed Talia's cheeks, bringing to her the familiar scent of the forest and the dark chocolate, and she looked in that direction expectantly. 
And there she saw him, standing unmovingly, unbothered by the people around him, looking back at her, like it's just the two of them in the world. 
Talia stared as possessed while Damon walked toward her without breaking eye contact until he stood only half a step away from Talia and towered above her. 
"Hi, kitten…", he murmured. "I'm sorry I left without notice. Something came up." 
Talia's lips lifted into a smile as relief replaced her anxiety. It was Damon. It really was him. He came to find her, just how he said he will. 
"You said that if we separate, I should wait here." 
Damon nodded faintly. "Thank you for waiting." 
"Thank you for coming to get me." 
Talia inhaled sharply when Damon engulfed her in his embrace. She didn't expect that, not with all the people milling all around them. 
Reluctantly, her hands moved around Damon, and she hugged him back. 
"I will always come to get you, kitten, no matter where you are.", Damon whispered close to her ear and Talia smiled a little. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 117 - The Date Is Not Over
Damon drove to the packhouse without letting go of Talia's hand. 
He knew that by hugging Talia in the town square, some people might have seen them, but he didn't want to dwell on it. People will find out about Talia one way or another, and it's not like he was not seen in the company of women. 
The only thing that puts Talia in danger is the fact that she is his mate, and at this point, only Maya and Caden know about it. Damon trusts that they will keep that information for themselves until they come up with the right way to announce it to everyone. 
As long as his enemies see Talia as any other woman who caught his eye briefly, they won't bother to make a move against her, no matter what Alpha Richard offers them. By the time they figure out that Talia is much more than a temporary entertainment, Damon will figure out something. 
He didn't want to lock Talia in her room (or in his) and staying away from her was impossible. 
An additional good thing coming out of this is that guys like Keith, Liam, and Pierce will know to stay away from Talia or risk invoking Damon's wrath because no Alpha would share a woman. 
Talia was staring at the road ahead blankly and her mind was floating in fuzzy memories from the festival. Damon came to get her, and he hugged her right there. It was a warm reunion that made her heart flutter. 
The sight of the packhouse made Talia press her lips into a line. The date was over. 
She told herself not to be greedy. It was a wonderful evening, and she should be grateful that Damon brought her to the Dark Howlers pack and Talia got to attend the festival and experience food, music, and games that were filled with laughter and good mood. And she also got two plush toys. 
Talia touched the garland of flowers that was around her neck, and she remembered Zina's words, "After you are done dancing for the Moon Goddess, you should give the garland to the man you fancy. It will let him know that you are interested, and he might return your feelings." The way Zina waggled her eyebrows told Talia that she was not talking about emotions, but more about feeling each other out. Well, werewolves are promiscuous. 
There was no way Talia would be so bold to give it to Damon. Talia decided to let it dry and preserve it as another memento of the evening, as proof that it really happened. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Like every time before, when they reached the packhouse, Damon opened the door for Talia and offered her his hand to take. 
Talia paused for a moment, knowing that this is the moment before the spell wears off. Damon will help her out of the car and when their hands separate, the magic will be gone. 
And there it was. Talia stepped out of the car, and Damon closed the door with his free hand and then he let go of her. 
Talia felt the absence of his touch, but she didn't dare to move and ask for more. She already got much more than a girl like her should have. 
For Talia, the whole day was wonderful with a few hiccups here and there, but overall, it was one of the best days ever and she was confident that she will remember it forever. 
Damon jogged to the back of the car to retrieve from the trunk the bag that contained Blackie, Cinna, and the insulated lunchbox. 
He returned to stand next to Talia and when he reached for her hand, Talia inhaled sharply. 
"Are you OK?", Damon asked. 
"Why… This…", Talia was not sure how to voice her thoughts. Her heart soared when he held her hand again, but… "Is this OK?" Talia glanced at their connected hands. 
"Why wouldn't it be?" 
"What if someone sees us?", Talia asked in a whisper. 
"Is that a problem?" 
Talia was flabbergasted. Is it a problem? Yes! A big one! If someone sees them and his wannabe-Lunas find out, Talia will be in trouble. But even with that, Talia gripped his hand tightly, afraid that he will let go. 
She knew that when they do it in private, it's fine because no one will find out. And she told herself that no one paid attention to them holding hands and hugging at the festival because it was crowded. 
Now, in front of the packhouse, there was no crowd, but no privacy either. 
She was not sure what to do. 
"Ah!", Talia exclaimed when Damon scooped her with his arms and carried her into the packhouse, princess style. 
"Let me down!", Talia said with an urgent whisper. 
The main lights were off, but werewolves don't have problems seeing with minimal lighting. 
Damon spoke close to her ear, "Everyone is in their rooms. If you are noisy, someone might come out to investigate. If you don't want people to see me carry you as my bride, you should not make noise." And then he kissed her cheek and continued walking up the stairs. 
Talia's eyes darted around nervously. Just as Damon said, no one was in the visible range and Talia held her breath and prayed silently that no one comes out of their room to see them. 
She relaxed when they reached the third floor, but then she tensed again when Damon walked straight into his room. 
Why didn't he let her down in the hallway so that she can go into her room? 
Talia gave up on trying to figure out Damon. 
He was always unpredictable, but tonight topped the charts. 
Damon didn't come to the festival when he said he will. Instead, he showed up while she was with Keith by the lake. At that time, Damon looked ready to commit murder, but then he held her while she cried, and he didn't complain when she ruined his shirt. They walked back to the festival while holding hands, and they ate chicken from the same stick, and he won a black wolf toy (aka Blackie) for her. Talia really had fun up to the point when Damon went to deal with some security issue and she was anxious while waiting for him… but then he came back and hugged her there in the middle of the town square, next to the clock tower, and now he even carried her upstairs. 
Talia stumbled when Damon lowered her to stand on the carpet in his bedroom. 
Damon's arm wrapped around Talia's waist to stabilize her, and then he touched Talia's cheek with the tips of his fingers. 
He really wanted to kiss her thoroughly. 
"We should get ready for sleep. Do you want to shower first, or should I?" 
Talia took a moment to compose herself before asking, "Is there a need to take turns?" 
Damon's eyebrows shoot up. "You want us to shower together?" 
Talia nearly choked on her non-existent saliva. "No, no… I meant… I can shower in my room, and you shower here." 
"That won't do, Talia.", Damon said seriously. "You see… I sent a message that you should be in the safe house, but you were not willing and ended up lost. Do you know how worried I was? I'm not leaving you out of my sight." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. Somehow, she thought that he will not bring up that point. 
"I was not lost. I knew exactly where I was." 
Damon's expression stiffened. "That's not the point. I need to know where you are. How else am I going to ensure your safety?" 
"But you knew where I was.", Talia retorted. 
Damon exhaled helplessly. She had a point, but he had a point also, damn it! 
He wanted to scold her for putting herself in danger, but he couldn't. The way she looked at him innocently with her gorgeous, honeyed eyes, only made him want to kiss her and to hold her and… 
Damon leaned lower and pressed his lips on her cheek. He took a deep breath, inhaling the addictive sweet citrusy scent of freesia. 
"I suggest you shower first.", Damon's low voice splashed on her face, making her hairs stand on ends. He was close. Too close. 
Talia blinked rapidly. Did he really think that she will go into his bathroom and undress? She didn't have clean clothes to change into. Or was he thinking that she will come out in a towel? That thought was overwhelming. She needed an exit strategy. 
"Kitchen." 
Damon straightened his back and looked at Talia in confusion. Was she planning to shower in the kitchen? "What?" 
Talia gestured toward the bag that Damon kept on the floor. "There is a lunchbox with food. I need to keep it in the fridge, so it doesn't go bad. Assuming it's still good." Talia mumbled this last part. 
Without an icepack, the insulation of the lunchbox can keep the contents chilled for a few hours, but this was the whole day. What if the quiche went bad? Talia was saddened at the thought of food being wasted. 
"What do you have inside?", Damon asked curiously. 
Talia took a moment to remember. "Two quiches, apples, a juice, and a granola bar." 
"Instead of taking it to the fridge, how about, we have a snack?" Damon gestured toward the double French doors that led toward the balcony. "The weather is nice. How about we eat there?" 
Talia's eyes widened. It seems that tonight's date was still not over. 
Talia swiftly took the lunchbox and draped the garland of flowers, that was around her neck, over the bag, and then she followed Damon to the balcony. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 118 - Late-night Snack On The Balcony
On the balcony off Damon's bedroom, there was one bistro table and one chaise that was used last time more than a year ago. Luckily, those few Omegas that are allowed on the third floor for cleaning purposes were doing their job well and everything looked like new. 
Damon didn't entertain people on the balcony, actually, the whole third floor was off-limits to people other than the Alpha family. On a few occasions when he came to the balcony, it was to clear his head or to drink until his head muddled. 
But now he was there with Talia, and he was happy that there was no more furniture because Talia had to sit next to him on the chaise. 
Talia opened the lunchbox and took the quiches out. After giving them a careful sniff, she offered one to Damon. "It didn't go bad. Will you tell me about the security issue that happened tonight?" 
Instead of accepting her offer of food, Damon moved to lay on the chaise behind Talia's back. 
"Feed me and I will tell you." 
Talia shook her head at the playful Alpha who wanted to be served, and she broke a piece of quiche with her fingers before putting it into his open mouth. 
While chewing, Damon spoke, "I left the festival when I got the message that my warriors found two guys sneaking in the forest nearby. They admitted that there were more of them in the town. It's a protocol that non-fighters leave the perimeter before we make a move to capture the intruders. It reduces the chance of them taking hostages. We found five individuals who were at the festival without proper authorization and they are now in the dungeon being interrogated." 
Talia didn't want to know what being interrogated meant. She put another piece into his mouth before asking, "Why were they in the town?" 
While thinking about how to answer, Damon reached for the quiche that was in Talia's hand and broke a piece to put in Talia's mouth which she readily opened. 
Damon was glad to see that Talia was used to him feeding her. There was no awkwardness, only the pleasant comfort of being together. 
Damon didn't want to scare her, so he stuck to a generic response. "It's not the first time we get spies during events. As for what they were looking for, I will know more in the morning." He didn't lie. 
Before she could question him further, Damon asked something that was bugging him from that morning. "Did Travis ask you to be the team spirit?" 
"No. It was Keith. The girl who was supposed to be the team spirit was unavailable, and I was right there so… it happened." 
Damon thought how that makes sense. Keith is the coach, after all. 
"But you were there because of Travis." Damon wanted to confirm. 
"No. Keith invited me to come on the field." Technically, it was Liam and Pierce, but they only conveyed Keith's message. 
Damon felt that he found out something important. "Did you know Keith from before?" 
Talia confirmed. "I've met him yesterday at the training center." 
"You were at the training center?" 
"Maya took me." 
"Maya took you.", Damon responded stiffly. He thought that Maya was only behind Talia drinking at the Shifters nightclub, but it seems that Maya did more than that. 
"And? How was the training center?" 
"It's great.", Talia responded while putting another bite into his mouth. "I really like what you have there. I got to try the treadmill, and I met not only Keith, but Lulu, Sandy, Pierce, Liam, and Caleb. They are soccer players, Sandy is the goalie. Lulu's father was the one who worked at the ramen stand…" 
Talia stopped talking when Damon put a bite of quiche in her mouth. 
Damon was not interested in hearing about Sandy or Lulu. He just got three more guys on his radar. Pierce, Liam, and Caleb. Soccer players. That means those three were in the bunch of sweaty scoundrels who dared to touch Talia's hand with their dirty hands and sagging lips. 
"Tell me more about your morning. I saw what happened on the field. What did you do during breaks? Did someone bully you?", Damon continued probing with the intention to find out who all dared to get into a touching distance with Talia. 
"It was a bit overwhelming.", Talia admitted. "I am not used to being so close to people. Hand holding was uncomfortable but when I saw that they really believe it will bring them good luck, I told myself that it's not a big deal. If I grew like a normal girl, I would be fine with holding hands…" 
Damon's heart cracked. It was easy to forget that Talia grew up alone, hiding in the attic, in the second biggest pack of werewolves. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon reached to hold Talia's hand and she stopped talking as their fingers intertwined naturally, like they belong together. 
"Is this making you uncomfortable?", Damon asked. 
"No.", Talia admitted. 
Damon smiled. "Good. I am aware that my actions sometimes push you out of your comfort zone, but I hope you will let me know if I push it too much." 
A wave of warmth swelled from within Talia and she had to ask, "Why?" 
Damon didn't get it. "Why, what?" 
Talia inhaled a choppy breath before asking, "Why are you so nice to me?" 
Considering his looks, position, and reputation, Talia was aware that Damon can have any woman he wants without trying. She knew that what she heard during the parade was the truth, and it's not just that. Everyone told her that Alphas are sleeping around, Damon included. 
Talia guessed that Damon could easily pick a woman and engage in carnal activities until morning, yet he spent time with her without doing anything inappropriate. Far from it. Damon was considerate and kind and Talia enjoyed it very much. 
She didn't want this spell to break, but she was also aware of how what Damon did with her doesn't fit his character, and Talia was questioning his motives. If it's one day or two, she would think that it's some form of charity, but it was ten days already and the more Damon's kindness lasted, the more Talia was getting wary of him. What does he want from her? The only thing Talia had was her body, and she didn't believe that Damon would be attracted to her because there were many she-wolves that were more alluring. 
Talia's question caught Damon by surprise. Why is he nice to her? How should he answer that question? 
Damon pushed himself into a seated position, putting them at the same eye level. 
He liked that Talia noticed how she was getting special treatment. 
Unfortunately for Damon (and Talia), even though hundreds of women experienced Damon deep inside their vaginal cavity, Damon was an absolute novice in ways of romancing a woman. 
Damon would always speak his mind because he didn't care if he hurts the feelings of the other party, but with Talia, it was different. What if he scares Talia and she runs away? 
Instead of answering Talia's question, Damon decided to probe the situation. 
"What are you hoping to hear, kitten?" 
Talia hoped that Damon won't notice how much her insides trembled with anxiety. "The truth." 
"Will you believe me if I tell you that I want you to be my Luna?", Damon asked without missing a beat. 
Talia's eyes widened in shock and a second later, she frowned a little, convinced that he was teasing her. With so many promising Luna candidates, why would he pick her? 
There. She finally gathered the courage to ask the question that was burning her for some time, and he ended up spouting nonsense. She should have known. All this was a game for him. 
Damon could feel Talia's disappointment, but he didn't know how to fix it. "I don't think you will believe me, no matter what I say." 
Talia let out a long breath and lowered her head, knowing that he was right. 
She chided herself. Why did she ask that question? 
If he said something nice, she wouldn't believe him, and if he said something nasty, the mood would be ruined. But no matter what he said, she already ruined the mood. 
Was she so used to being miserable, that she couldn't accept these Band-Aids of happiness that Damon provided? 
Damon touched Talia's chin, making her look at him. 
"Don't give up on us, kitten. I said that I can't convince you with words, but that doesn't mean it's hopeless." 
"What do you mean?", Talia breathed while wondering if she heard him right. It almost sounded like they are a couple. A real one. This whole evening was just unbelievable. Or maybe she drank much more beer than she thought, and she passed out at the lake next to Keith, and all this is just a drunken mish-mash happening in her head. 
"I will show you.", Damon said. "I want you to stick close to me and keep your eyes open. Watch me carefully and every day you will reveal more of you why I'm nice to you until eventually, you get answers to all of your questions. How does that sound?" 
Talia's brows furrowed. How did that sound? Horrible! Talia spending more time with Damon sounded like a recipe for disaster. It sounded like a massive heartbreak that would make her crippled for life. 
But she found herself unable to say 'no' to Damon. 
He was unstable and unpredictable and sometimes scary, but against all reason, Talia fell for him, and she was like a moth that couldn't resist his flame. 
Was it because his deep voice made her insides tremble? Or because his icy-blue eyes were full of sincerity and definitely not icy? Or because she was addicted to his scent? Or because of this sense of security that enveloped her, against all reason, whenever Damon was close? 
"OK.", she breathed, and then she put another piece of quiche in his mouth. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 119 - The Blessed Garland
When Damon and Talia returned to the room, Talia kept the now empty insulated lunchbox on the side and Damon watched with interest as Talia put Blackie and Cinna on his bed. 
Based on Talia's previous experience, she guessed that Damon is in his cuddly phase and he will make her sleep in his bed, so she was preparing for it, starting with her two plush toys. 
If her guess was wrong, she was ready to go across the hall, into her room. 
Damon frowned at the two toys that were on his bed. Blackie was fine, but why the hell was that Keith-related mongrel (aka Cinna) on his bed? 
His mind exploded. Does this mean that Talia will sleep in his bed without him pulling any tricks? Well, that's progress. 
Damon reminded himself not to comment on it. Other than proving to Talia that she is important to him, he also had a mission to make her open up and admit her feelings. 
Thanks to the mate bond, Damon knew that Talia was into him. At first, he thought that those are his feelings, but now he was confident that they are Talia's emotions. She likes him. She likes him very much. However, due to her insecurities, Talia sees herself as inferior and there was no way that she will act on that attraction. That combined with her inexperience and shyness meant that Damon needed to step up his game, but he was not sure if he can do it without doing too much and too fast and as a result, scaring Talia. 
Damon remembered Caden's words, Talia can feel the pull of the mate bond. Not strongly like Damon, but she can feel it. And that's why she is still in the packhouse. She can't leave him. As long as he doesn't mess up big time, Talia will stay with him. 
Damon noticed that Talia was holding onto the garland made out of flowers and looking around. 
"Do you need something?", Damon asked. 
"I would like to keep it properly. Sofa is not a good place because the flowers might stain it." She was thinking that if there is no good spot here, she would keep it in her room. 
Her eyes stopped on the side table that was next to the open balcony door, and she moved in that direction. 
Damon was quick to step on the right, blocking her path. 
"Is that the garland you had around your neck while dancing for the Moon Goddess?", Damon asked. 
Talia responded with a nod. 
"What will you do with it?", Damon continued probing. 
"I want to let it dry. The open door will provide necessary airflow so that flowers don't go bad. If I apply hairspray on it, it can be preserved for a long time." 
"Preserve? Shouldn't you give it to a guy you like?" 
Talia's breath hitched and she quickly lowered her head, fearing that Damon will be able to read in her expression things that should never be revealed. 
"Talia?", Damon called. 
"Yes?", Talia responded without looking at him. She could see his legs moving closer, stopping only a few inches from her. 
Reluctantly, Talia looked up and when she met his piercing gaze, her heart skipped a beat. 
Damon smiled a little. "I watched as you danced. It was beautiful. Did you know that was for the Moon Goddess to bless your love life? You are supposed to give that garland to a guy you like, and the Moon Goddess will increase chances that the guy will respond favorably." 
Did she know about that? Of course, she did. 
But the man in front of her was Damon, Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, the guy she likes, and there was no way that she will tell him that. 
Talia inhaled in slow motion until her lungs were filled to the brim with air before responding, "I don't have a guy I like who would return my feelings." 
Damon felt like facepalming. What kind of nonsense answer was that? 
Damon could feel her emotions through the mate bond, and he knew very well how his proximity impacts her. 
"How about you give it to me?" 
Talia jolted. "What?" 
"You said that you don't have a guy to whom you would give the garland, and I didn't get any so… how about you give that garland to me?" 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air. "This should be given to a guy I like." 
Damon's patience was cracking. "Do you have a guy you like more than me?" 
She didn't want to lie, but how can she tell him the truth? She will only make a fool of herself and probably open up for more heartbreak. 
Seeing that Talia had no intention to answer his question, Damon held Talia's wrists gently and lifted her hands up, guiding them to place the garland above his head, and then to slide it lower until it was settled around his neck. 
"Can I keep it?", Damon asked, and Talia nodded in response, her hands still rested on his shoulders even though he released her wrists. 
Damon's fingers caressed delicate blooms of the garland, and Talia's eyes followed those small movements like she was fearing that she will miss something important if she blinks. 
"Thank you. This is my first time to get a garland that was blessed by the Moon Goddess." 
Talia didn't believe him. "Really?" 
Damon confirmed. "This is my first one." 
He didn't lie. The first few years after he came of age and girls would give him garlands, Damon was a greenhorn Alpha, determined not to tie himself to any woman, so he just rejected them. After that, garlands stopped coming, because no woman was bold enough to attempt where all others failed. In addition to that, Damon was not at the bonfire because he was busy doing things he didn't want Talia to find out. 
"I experienced many first with you, kitten." 
"You did?" 
In slow motion, Damon lowered his head and kissed her cheek. It was a gentle long press, without any tongue or moisture. Just softness of lips on skin. And then he kissed her again, this time a bit closer to her lips. 
"Thank you for the garland. I will cherish it." He murmured and she felt his lips on her cheek again, before he asked, "Will you help me preserve the flowers?" 
"Yes", Talia responded in a whisper. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon moved away, and Talia opened her eyes only to see his icy-blue eyes locked on her with intensity that made her dizzy. He was close, very close. 
"You gave me these flowers, yet I didn't give you anything in return.", Damon said. 
"You gave me Blackie.", Talia reminded him. And these kisses and many moments I will cherish forever. 
Damon's thumb traced her lower lip and he swallowed hard. "That's not enough, Talia. Tell me what you want. Anything. I will make it happen." 
"You already gave me more than I ever dreamed of.", Talia said honestly. 
"Don't be silly. You deserve so much more." 
He really wanted to kiss her. 
"I really want to kiss you, but…" He licked his lips nervously. "I fear that you won't like it. I fear that you will reject me. Tell me, kitten… can I kiss you?" 
Talia stared at him while wondering if her ears were playing tricks on her. 
Did Damon just say what she thought he said? 
A kiss? 
At that moment, Talia was struck with a realization of how much she hated herself. 
She hated the girl who was always running away and hiding. She hated the girl who was observing others from the sidelines and longing for normalcy. She hated the feeling of inferiority and being invisible. Bullies, injustice, hunger, weakness, helplessness… Talia hated it all. 
The only thing she wanted was to be happy. 
Talia didn't believe in happily ever after. The only thing certain in life was that everything will pass, good and bad. It's a never-ending cycle and just how she got out of that attic and out of the reach of Anna and Marcy, this happiness will also subside and be replaced with something else. 
Talia wondered, is she so afraid of life that she will rather refuse a brief moment of happiness because she doesn't want to be sad when it comes to an end? 
And there was Damon. An unstable Alpha who somehow got a residence in her heart, asking her if he can kiss her. 
Damon is tall and handsome, and his icy-blue eyes were full of emotions and there was some anxiety as well. Was he afraid of rejection? Talia was not sure. But she knew that if he really wanted to kiss her and she passed on this chance, she would regret it for the rest of her life. 
Damon watched in silence as Talia closed her eyes while lifting her head toward him, like a sunflower who was searching for the sun. 
The whole world stilled. 
A million butterflies ran rampant in Damon's stomach, and he was not sure if those were his emotions or Talia's, but he knew that he was a nervous wreck. 
Damn it! He kissed girls a million times before, and now when it counts he was so anxious that he was at risk of passing out. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 120 - The Kiss
Damon cupped Talia's cheeks in his palms and took a moment to confirm her lack of resistance which told him that she was willing. 
He wanted to taste her from the moment they touched for the first time in the kitchen of the Red Moon pack. Damon still remembered that initial shock when he sensed the fantastic sparks of the mate bond for the first time and he wondered how it will feel when they kiss. 
Well, here it goes. 
Their lips connected, and Damon's insides jolted when delicious sparks shook his system like never before. This was different. Normally, sparks would start from the point that touched Talia, but this electrical flurry was ignited in the middle of his chest, awakening every cell in his body, and removing from his mind anything that's not related to Talia. 
Her lips were softer than he expected; warm and velvety and he struggled to keep the kiss gentle and not devour her right there because he didn't want to act like a savage. 
Talia subconsciously gripped Damon's shoulders to steady herself. She was not aware that her hands were there since she put the garland on him. 
Talia relished the feeling of Damon's lips pressing against hers, and she was trying to commit every fraction of that experience into her memory. 
His proximity. His scent. The way his arms held her in place firmly, but without much force. 
Her first kiss. Her first real kiss. And it was with Damon! 
It was a chaste kiss without tongue or teeth, but it still made her dizzy. 
Damon inched a fraction and his breath splashed against her lips, "Breathe, kitten. Through your nose." 
Talia's eyes snapped open, and she inhaled sharply. She really forgot to breathe. 
But, why was Damon still so close? Isn't the kiss over? 
Damon let out a low chuckle at the sight of her flushed face. His eyes were full of joy and there was something predatory in there as well. 
His arms circled around Talia as he pulled her closer, and the moment her body slammed against his, Damon dove for another kiss. 
This kiss had more urgency in it, showing how much he was waiting for this. 
Ten days. 
It's been ten endless days since Talia came to the Dark Howlers pack. During that time, Damon watched Talia sleep, smile, eat, talk, pout, and no matter what she did, he always wanted to get closer, close enough to touch her and to taste her, imagining how it will be, and he was not disappointed. 
She tasted better than what he imagined. 
Sweet, inviting, welcoming, his. Only his. 
Talia's scalp went numb. 
She thought that the first kiss was amazing, but this was on a totally different level. 
It was not just lips pressing on each other, there was movement, and she felt Damon's tongue grazing her lips before he sucked her lower lip gently, and then he licked her again. 
Talia was in a daze. Was this really happening? 
This was not just about the lips. Oh, no. This was also about Talia's body pressing against Damon's and the way he embraced her resolutely with his palms firmly holding onto her like she was the most precious thing in the world; like he will never let go of her. 
Passion. Possession. Belonging. 
Can so many things fit into a kiss? 
A lone tear escaped her eye. Is it wrong to be this happy? 
For her, this was a big deal, but what about him? 
Talia pushed those doubts away, determined to think about it later and to enjoy this while it lasts because it might be her only chance to experience a man holding her. 
She was trying to mimic his movements, wondering if it was good enough. 
Damon sucked on Talia's lip and bit it and she let out a small moan that spurred him to do it again before soothing that spot with his tongue. 
He licked her lips and pushed a bit in-between, asking for deeper access, and her lips parted in response. 
She was like clay in his hands, moving on an instinct, without strength to resist this astonishing affection that was foreign to her. 
Damon's hand disappeared into Talia's hair, to hold the back of her head as his tongue started exploring her mouth and Talia's eyes snapped open in surprise at this sudden intrusion. 
Damon's tongue caressed her little one once, twice, inviting her to join him in the quest for deeper intimacy. 
The flavor of dark chocolate overtook her senses, urging her to eat him up. How could she resist? 
Talia's hands laced into his silky hair as she responded to his kiss with more confidence by the second. 
Talia feared she will burst from bliss that was coursing in violent waves through her body and causing pressure to build in her groin area. 
With every passing moment, Talia kissed him harder, deeper, with a fervent need she never knew before as her body stirred with a desire to get closer, much closer than they were. And then she moaned. Did that lewd sound come from her? 
The scent of Talia's arousal hit Damon hard. 
Only now, with Talia in his embrace, with her scent and her flavors seeping into him, Damon fully understood how perfect she was for him. No woman will ever compare to Talia. 
Damon let out a low groan from the back of his throat and he couldn't bring her close enough. 
He was starving for the fragile woman who was kissing him back with all her might, but instead of getting sated, his hunger was only increasing more. Will he be able to step on the brakes and not rush into things? 
Through the haze of his need, Damon could feel Talia's emotions. They were pure, unspoiled, and he wondered if he was worthy of something so delicate he could only describe as ethereal because Talia was too perfect for this world. 
Damon regretted that he didn't save himself for her. What was the point of numerous women he embraced, when they only brought him empty pleasure that dissipated the moment he got his release? 
But maybe he needed all those women in his life in order to understand how special Talia is. 
With the taste of Talia, Damon confirmed without a doubt that no other woman will ever be enough. It's only Talia. His mate. It will always be only her and no one else. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon laid on the bed while cradling sleeping Talia in his arms. 
His lips were stretched into a smile that was impossible to erase. 
Damon was grateful for the strengthened mate bond because it allowed him to sense Talia's emotions clearly. Peace. Happiness. Belonging. 
Damon wanted to ask his wolf if this clarity is because their bond is stronger or because they are so close physically, but his wolf was contently snoozing at the back of his mind and refusing to answer Damon's summons. 
With nothing else to do and too excited to sleep, Damon reflected on the turbulence this day brought him. 
During the games in the morning, Damon was helpless while watching other guys getting close to Talia to hold her hand. And then he felt pride when she got called out as the MVP of the tournament; happy about sharing ramen with her, anxious to be late due to the meeting that dragged, enraged when he saw Keith getting close to her, sad while she cried in his arms, joy when he won a toy for her, awe as he watched her dance around the bonfire, worry when he couldn't find her, and then peace and belonging when they reunited… and it all culminated with the kiss that opened his mind to another dimension where colors are brighter and the world revolves around Talia. 
Everything related to Talia was mind-blowing and he couldn't wait to see what the next level will bring. 
Damon really wanted to kiss her again, but he didn't want to wake her up, so he held that urge back. 
Damon remembered the moment when Talia's dainty fingers fisted his hair while pulling him closer, and she let out the sweetest moan ever into his mouth. At that time, Damon feared that he won't be able to control his hands from exploring her body, and there was another part of him that was hard and ready and eager to explore Talia's depths. But he didn't want to go there. Not tonight. 
They made amazing progress and Talia opened up to him wonderfully, and he reminded himself not to rush. 
Talia's long sigh pulled Damon out of his thoughts, confirming that she was finally in deep sleep. 
Damon's eyes moved to the edge of the bed where two plush toys were resting. He moved his leg carefully and after one swift flick of his foot, Cinna was on the floor. 
Damon smirked victoriously while settling back next to Talia. 
There was no way Damon would allow anything Keith-related on his bed with Talia! 
Damon thought about getting a similar toy and replacing this one, but it was not about the toy, it was about its importance. He didn't want Keith's spirit to hover around Talia and Talia said it clearly, this was the first toy she ever got, and Damon knew that it was precious. 
Damon had a sour taste because he missed getting Talia her first toy. That was supposed to be him, and not Keith, damn it! 
If he was not stuck in that stupid meeting, he would be with Talia and he would get her many toys. 
Just thinking about Cinna made Damon's insides churn. Was Talia's dazzling smile directed at Keith when he gave her the plush toy? Probably. That image can be erased only with the elimination of that toy, and Keith. Well, dealing with Keith will be easy for Damon, but what about the toy? 
He still didn't figure out how to get rid of that mutt without alarming Talia, but he will come up with something. Soon. 
Damon returned his attention to Talia. 
He observed Talia's face in silence while relishing the fact that their hearts beat as one. She really was his other half, the half he didn't realize he was missing until now, and he will be damned if he allows Alpha Richard or Cassie or Elder Parker or anyone else to jeopardize this piece of Heaven he found. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 121 - Good Morning Kisses
Damon woke up, pleased to see that Talia was sleeping soundly with her head on his shoulder. 
He placed a gentle kiss on her forehead and then he observed her sleeping form. No matter from which angle Damon looked at Talia, she was perfect. Her scent, her warmth, the way her palm rested on his bare chest… everything was perfect. Perfect for him. 
Another thing that made this experience several folds better was that Talia was wearing his t-shirt. 
Last night, Talia wanted to go to her room and get something to sleep in, but then Damon gave her his t-shirt which she reluctantly accepted. 
He never saw a woman sexier than Talia in his t-shirt, and her bashful smile when she exited the bathroom stirred him more to devour her. Vixen. 
The most seductive thing was that Talia was absolutely ignorant of how gorgeous she was. 
Talia was unspoiled and Damon was itching to introduce her to the lusty side of life. Soon. 
As much as he was impatient to go all the way, Damon enjoyed watching Talia open up slowly, with eyes full of wonder at every next step of their increased intimacy. 
Damon frowned when he noticed two plush toys at the edge of the bed. Didn't he kick out of the Keith-related pooch last night? 
If Cinna is back on the bed, does that mean Talia woke up and put her back on? Damon would do anything for Talia, but this was not acceptable. 
Just how he did last night, Damon moved his leg carefully and one swift flick later, Cinna found herself on the floor. 
Damon smirked with satisfaction. There! Try to get on the bed one more time, and I will kick you off the balcony! 
Talia stirred from her sleep and Damon greeted her with a smile. 
"Good morning, kitten." 
Talia blinked lazily. "Good morning." 
It took her a moment to realize that she was resting on Damon's bare chest. Didn't he wear a t-shirt last night? 
"Why are you naked?", Talia asked while trying to distance herself from Damon, but his strong arms held her in place. 
"Do you want me to be naked so badly that you won't acknowledge how my lower half of the body is not exposed? Should I remove the rest of my garments and fulfill your wish? Hmm?" 
Talia couldn't believe his cheekiness. Who said that she wished for him to be naked? "That's not what I meant. The top. Where did your t-shirt go?" 
"Oh, that…", Damon said innocently. "I remembered your desire to get used to touching me, so I removed it." 
"My desire to get used to touching you?", Talia repeated robotically. 
"Mhm", he confirmed with a hum. "At the lake. Remember?" 
Talia's eyebrows twitched. She remembered that she ruined his shirt while crying, and then he removed it and she told him that she was uncomfortable touching him, but… how did that translate into her desire to touch him? 
"I see you forgot. But that's fine. I remembered it for you." Damon took her hand that was hovering above him and pushed it down until it pressed against his chest. "There. We will get you used to touch me in no time." 
Talia was flustered. "Why would I get used to touching you?" 
"Your memory is flaky, Mrs. Blake.", Damon said with a smirk. "As my wife, I expect you to touch me. Everywhere." 
Talia's mind stuttered. She filtered the 'Mrs. Blake' and 'wife' parts as Damon spouting nonsense, but she had a feeling that the touching part was not a joke. 
Everywhere? 
He doesn't mean… there… also? Her eyes subconsciously darted lower, and of course, Damon didn't miss that. 
"I like that we are on the same page.", he said with amusement in his voice. "I was thinking about going below the waist later, but if you are so eager, feel free to help yourself. I am all yours." 
Before Talia could recover from this fatal blow, Damon put his next demand forward, "Now fulfill your duties as Mrs. Blake and give me my good morning kiss." 
Talia's mind was spinning. This was just one thing after another. And why was his face so close to hers? Talia was unable to think. She just woke up! 
Ah! Last night Damon kissed her, more than once! And it was amazing! But she was exhausted after a super-long day and ended up falling asleep without a chance to reflect on it. 
Damon was still inching closer to her. Will he kiss her again? 
Talia's face exploded in fierce blush. 
"A k-kiss?", she stuttered. 
"Mhm…", Damon hummed in confirmation. "Not just one kiss, Mrs. Blake. I need lots of them. Kiss me for good morning and for goodnight. During the day it's preferable, but optional, depending on the situation." 
When he saw that Talia didn't respond, Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "Did you forget how to do it? We did it last night more than once. Should I remind you?" 
"No, no…", Talia said in a squeaky voice. 
She really needed a moment to process all this. What was this unstable Alpha saying? He was half-naked, and he wanted daily kisses, more than one, and he was so close, and… 
Her brain stopped working when Damon's lips pressed against hers. 
"Talia", he called in a low voice and then he kissed her again. "I never tasted anything sweeter. Unless you hate it, don't deny me this, kitten." 
He smiled a little when he kissed her again, and she kissed him back. The moment Talia responded, the kiss became longer, and Damon enjoyed taking her lips between his, kissing, sucking, nibbling... exploring. Yes, these were good morning kisses he craved for. 
Talia melted into an emotional puddle while holding onto Damon's back firmly like he was the only solid thing that prevented her from dissipating into nothing. Was this happiness? Lust? Talia was not sure, but she knew that she craved for more, more Damon, and more of his kisses that made her feel like she was floating. 
These kisses were gentler compared to the ones from last night but now she was in bed with Damon, his body pressed on hers a bit, and whenever a growl rumbled in his chest, her toes curled in response. 
It was too stimulating. Her brain shut down from overload, leaving her only with immense pleasure that smelled of forest with a flavor of chocolate. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
'Awake?' 
Damon groaned when Caden's voice sounded in his head through the mind-link. It was such a mood killer. 
Damon gave Talia one more quick kiss before inching away from her. 
'What!?' 
Caden could hear that Damon was not in a good mood. 'I thought we will meet before breakfast to go over reports from the interrogation of prisoners.' 
'We can go over the reports after breakfast. An hour or two won't make a difference.', Damon responded. 
'Alright. But you should check on Alphas who are not pleased that you walked out of the meeting before it was over', Caden said. 'They left last night, and they were grumpy. You need to call them and explain.' 
'Sure. Compile a list with the angriest ones on the top.' 
Damon looked at Talia and he was not happy that their morning snuggles and kisses were interrupted. He was really looking forward to this. 
"Did something happen?", Talia asked Damon. 
She learned to recognize changes in his eyes when he was mind-linking someone. His gaze would be unfocused. 
"Just Caden. He is reminding me that it's time to start the day." 
Talia didn't want to leave the bed. It was warm and cozy, and it smelled of the forest and dark chocolate, the same flavors that were still lingering on her lips and she wanted more, even though she didn't want to admit to it. 
Starting the day means returning to reality where he is Alpha Damon and she is Talia, a nobody. But it had to happen. 
Also, Talia had her own tasks for the day. "I need to help with breakfast." 
Instead of letting her go, Damon tightened his hold on Talia and leaned his forehead on hers. 
"I wish that we can stay here the whole day.", he said. 
Talia wished for the same thing, but that was only wishful thinking. 
"Talia", Damon called. "Do you enjoy working in the kitchen?" 
"Yes", she responded right away. 
Damon let out a long breath. He didn't want her to work in the kitchen. She is not an Omega. But if it makes her happy, he won't stop her. 
"If you don't like it, you don't need to do it." 
Talia didn't understand why he said that. "Everyone needs to do their part. I can't do much, so at least I should help in the kitchen. It makes me feel useful, and I'm learning, so it's good for everyone." 
"Don't forget that I want to eat what you make.", Damon reminded her. 
Talia had no idea why he insisted to eat what she makes. She is learning, but still mostly following Stephanie's instructions. But Talia understood that this was important to him, so she decided to take initiative and pick a few dishes to master so that she can make a meal for Damon. 
She really wanted to do something for him. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 122 - The New Normal
Damon remembered that Travis gave a medicinal book to Talia. Instead of working in the kitchen, Damon would prefer Talia to study. That reminded him... "I guess you didn't go to school. I would like you to think about formal education, at least until you get a high school degree." 
Talia blinked at Damon. She didn't expect this topic change, but she didn't hate it. She knew that education means knowledge and knowledge is a good foundation for independence. She was touched that Damon brought this on his own. 
"I would love that.", Talia said. 
Damon nodded in approval. "There are in-person and online options, and we can always work out a mix with tutoring involved." 
Of course, Damon will be tutoring Talia personally, even if it means that he needs a refresher on the content. He became Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack when he was a seventeen years-old highschooler, but he finished high school and college by taking online courses, so he knows very well how that works. 
Damon was pleased to see the excitement in Talia's expression. 
"We will talk more about it later. Are you reading the book that Travis gave you?" 
Talia guiltily shook her head, indicating that she was not reading it. 
"Why? Are you not interested in medicine anymore?" 
"No, no.", Talia was quick to say. "It's just that I'm not finding the time." She didn't dare to say that this Devil was the main reason she was not getting time. He would either barge into her room, or snuggle, or take her places, or give her a task… yeah, he is the culprit, but Talia was not bold enough to call him out. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. She is not having time to read a book? What is she doing the whole day? Yesterday was the festival, but what about the day before, and the one before it? 
"I'm not going to tell you what to do, but prioritize things that make you happy.", Damon said. 
Talia smiled dreamily. She really felt taken care of and she wanted to hold onto that feeling and never let go. 
Damon gave Talia one long lingering kiss with just a bit of tongue, and left the bed reluctantly with, "I need to get ready." 
Damon wanted to get Talia into his bathroom and maybe they end up showering together, but he didn't have time, so he left those plans for tomorrow. Their first showering together experience should definitely not be rushed. 
Talia stared at the marvelous landscape of Damon's back until the bathroom door closed behind him. She couldn't believe that only a minute ago her hands were right there, touching him boldly. 
And then she pressed her fingers against her lips, confirming that the throbbing is real. Damon really kissed her thoroughly for a good morning. She grinned like a fool. Was this happening? Was this her new normal? 
By the time Talia got out of her daze, the water from the shower was running and she reminded herself that she shouldn't be in the bed when he comes out of the bathroom. 
Talia scooted out of the bed and went to check the flowery garland that she left last night next to the open balcony door to air dry. She promised Damon that she will preserve flowers, and she was determined to do a good job. 
It was the first garland he received, and the first garland she gave, and when she gave it, she got her first kiss. Maybe the story is true, and the Moon Goddess blessed the garland. Why else would Alpha Damon show her his passionate and gentle side? 
Before heading to her room to get ready, Talia noticed that Cinna was on the floor. 
Considering that Blackie was still on the bed, Talia dismissed the idea of Damon not liking toys on the bed, so she picked up Blackie and Cinna, and carried them across the hall to spend the day in her room. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia was moving about in the kitchen robotically while her mind replayed scenes from last night and that morning. 
Damon hugged her and they kissed, and he said some sweet (and some outrageous) things, and then they kissed more. 
Oh, my! Talia's face was on fire, and she spilled milk on the counter. 
Talia was wiping the mess she made while reminding herself to focus. Damon will get another mood swing and forget about it. It didn't mean anything. 
Talia chided herself. Why was she so out of it? She shouldn't get clingy. No matter how good it was, it was just kissing. Werewolves do it all the time. And it's not just werewolves. Even humans don't think that kissing is a big deal. 
Maybe if she kisses a few more guys she will get used to it? 
But she didn't want to kiss anyone other than Damon. 
Talia wondered, when did she become a greedy person? She was confident that all unmated she-wolves in the pack want to kiss Damon. Did she really think that she can have him for herself? 
"Maybe you should sit this one out.", Stephanie told to Talia. 
"No, no. I can help.", Talia said quickly, and she gaped at the mess. Instead of wiping the spilled milk, she was just spreading it around with a paper towel that was completely soaked, and the milk ended up dripping on the floor and on the nearby chair. How embarrassing. 
Dawn and Zina snickered. 
"At this rate, you will help us by not doing anything.", Dawn said while mixing scrambled eggs that were on the stove. "If I didn't see what you were doing, we would end up with sweet scramble because you were about to put sugar instead of salt." 
Talia bit her lip guiltily. Is she really so absentminded? 
Seeing that Stephanie, Dawn, and Zina had no intention of letting her touch anything related to breakfast preparation, Talia puffed her cheeks in protest. "There must be something I can do." 
"Entertain us.", Zina said. "Tell us about your evening after you escaped from us. Do you know that Alpha was scolding us for losing you at a critical moment? It was a safety drill, SA-FE-TY. The moment we lost you, we failed." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. She really didn't want to bring them trouble. And she apologized several times already. Well, she should apologize again. 
"I'm sorry. But the bag was important, and nothing happened. Alpha found me in the town square…" Talia stopped her explanation because she remembered that Damon hugged her right there. She cleared her throat. "It all ended well, and I returned to the packhouse with Alpha. Safe and sound." 
"I see…", Dawn said in a singing voice. "Safe and sound, with Alpha Damon." Dawn inched closer to Talia and asked in a hushed voice. "What's going on between the two of you?" 
Talia opened her mouth to respond, but Zina cut her off with, "Don't tell us there is nothing because there is definitely something." 
"Girls!", Stephanie snapped. "More work, less gossip. Unless you dare to ask such questions in front of Alpha Damon, don't talk nonsense that can spark rumors." 
Talia looked at Stephanie gratefully. She really didn't know how to answer questions about Damon. 
She can't say that he is unstable and that whatever happened is not important. 
Did anything happen? They just kissed. 
Sure, it was wonderful, and it was the most Talia ever went with a guy, but in a society of werewolves where promiscuity is normal, just kissing doesn't count as much. 
Besides, considering Damon's mood swings, he probably forgot about it and who knows when he will remember that Talia exists? If she tells Dawn and Zine that she kissed Damon, and then he ignores her, those two will probably think she was lying or worse... they will think that she was abandoned and feel sorry for her. 
And what if she tells them about it and Damon doesn't ignore her? That was even worse. 
Talia was confident that she is not a girlfriend material for someone like Alpha Damon, so the best course of action is to stay quiet. The fewer people know that she is close to Alpha Damon, the easier her life will be once she moves out of the packhouse. 
"Talia." 
Talia jolted when she heard Damon calling from the door. He was dashing in jeans and a light gray polo t-shirt that stretched tightly over his pecs, and his damp hair slicked back was a giveaway that he showered recently. But the hottest part about him was his eyes that soaked in Talia's presence greedily like she was the only woman on the planet. 
Talia forgot how to breathe. 
"Are you done with food preparation?", he asked. 
"She is.", Stephanie responded instead of Talia. 
Damon extended his hand toward Talia, palm up. "Come." 
Talia glanced nervously at Dawn and Zina who did their best to look busy. 
She didn't want to give them more materials to gossip, but Damon's hand was still in the air, waiting for hers, and she didn't dare to leave him hanging. 
Talia gingerly walked to Damon and put her hand into his. She would go with him anywhere, but she had to ask, "Where are we going?" 
"Breakfast…" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 123 - Breakfast With Guests
Shortly before Damon stepped into the kitchen… 
Damon exited his study after finishing the last phone call with Alphas. 
A list of four names was waiting on his desk and just as Caden said, they were upset that Damon left the meeting without explanation. 
Four phone calls didn't take long because Damon had a story ready. 
Damon explained that he had to leave abruptly because there was an urgent situation, and the fact that they caught spies only supported Damon's case. 
After Damon promised to share relevant information from reports, all Alphas were pacified. Actually, they ended up thanking him for handling the situation efficiently. 
Their pack members were at that festival as well as delegations from other packs, and if things escalated, everyone would be in danger. 
Damon was pleased with this outcome. It was the almost-truth, and he didn't need to mention Talia. 
The more he downplayed the importance of Alpha Richard's query to find out information about the girl with copper-colored hair that was close to Damon, the more it looked like Alpha Richard is shooting in the dark. 
Damon knew that Talia was in the kitchen, and he wanted to eat with her, but he remembered one small detail, so he headed for the dining room first. There, he saw that Caden and Maya were at the table with Axel, Maddox, and Mindy. Mindy was sitting on the left side of where Damon was supposed to sit (aka Talia's spot). 
Damon approached Mindy and leaned to speak only for her to hear. "I will appreciate it if you move to some other seat." 
There were twelve chairs at the table in total, so she had many other choices. 
Mindy blinked at Damon. "Good morning, Alpha Damon. Do you mind explaining why? I already got myself coffee." 
"Because that seat belongs to someone." 
Mindy didn't believe him. Since they arrived, she was sitting there for every meal, and no one said anything. "Belongs to someone? To whom?" 
"You will find out in a minute. Now please… move.", the last word came with a dose of Alpha pressure that made Mindy break into a cold sweat. 
Mindy didn't like this treatment. Why was Alpha Damon unreasonable? But they were guests, so she obeyed without fussing. She will complain to her brother later about this outright bullying. She was also curious to see who that mystery person is. 
Mindy took her cup of coffee and went to sit on the opposite side of the table, next to her brother. 
With that, Damon went to the kitchen, to fetch Talia. He had no intention of letting her eat in the kitchen, or wherever. She will not hide anymore. 
Damon was determined to keep Talia close to him for several reasons, and one of them was that when he was around, Talia wouldn't hear all kinds of rumors about him. Most of the rumors were true, but he didn't want his past to ruin the pretty future they will build together. 
What if she hears nasty stories and leaves again with a Keith-like guy? What if she leaves for good? Damon won't allow such a thing to happen. 
Damon decided to wait for the right timing to reveal that they are mates (hopefully, when her wolf awakens), but until then, everyone can see that Talia is with him and that messing with her means messing with him. 
Back to the present… 
Damon and Talia held hands while approaching the dining room. 
Talia heard voices, and she tried to pry her hand free from Damon's grip, but it was all in vain. By the time they reached the door, Talia thought that her soul is about to leave her body. Why was he not letting go of her? 
Axel and Maddox were discussing with Caden the security issue and spies that were captured, while Maya and Mindy spoke about the festival in general, but Talia was confident that soon they will notice them and… sure, there it was… the chatter stopped, and everyone looked at them. 
Damon led the way and the two of them ended up walking to the table while holding hands. How embarrassing. 
Damon finally let go of her in order to pull a chair for Talia to sit, and all eyes were on her. She really wanted to disappear. 
Damon sat on his spot, and Talia stared in disbelief when Damon reached to hold her hand, this time on top of the table. Their fingers were not interlaced, but it was still an attention-grabbing gesture. 
Damon used this silence to speak. 
"I believe that everyone here knows Talia. She was the MVP at the tournament. In one way or another, I mentioned her to each of you, but to summarize, Talia came to the Dark Howlers pack less than two weeks ago and she is staying in the packhouse. Talia is under my protection, and I will appreciate it if you treat her with the respect she deserves. As you know, there are individuals who are trying to find out information about people who are close to me. I believe that we are all friends here and you understand that if you tell them about Talia, you will put her in danger." 
Everyone at the table nodded in understanding, and Maya offered her an encouraging smile. 
Talia had no idea how to react to this official introduction. She was confused, intimidated, but mostly happy. 
Damon spoke about her with Axel, Mindy, and Alpha Maddox? What did they talk about? 
And he told everyone that she is staying in the packhouse, so there was no risk of someone accusing her of stealing food (a thousand miles away, Cassie sneezed and wondered who was remembering her). 
And Damon also said she is under his protection and that everyone should treat her with respect. 
She didn't care much about the danger part, believing how that was related to the Red Moon pack and Alpha Edward causing trouble to Damon if he finds out Talia's whereabouts. 
Dawn and Zina entered with a three-level cart that was full of serving trays, so people got busy with food and Talia could feel Dawn's and Zina's gazes on her. Ah, how is she going to explain this? 
The only good thing was that Damon let go of her hand after his little speech so two Omegas didn't see that. 
"What are you going to drink?", Damon asked Talia. 
Talia wanted to say that she will help herself. After all, just having a seat next to him is probably too much, considering that there are guests present. But the way Damon looked at Talia told her that he was determined to serve her. 
"Orange juice." 
Damon gave her more than just a beverage. He also piled food on her plate and Talia was not sure how to behave. Are others watching? Are they finding this unusual? It can't be normal for an Alpha to serve someone. Will they say something? 
Talia focused on the food in front of her and pretended that no one else was there. 
She jolted when she felt something on her knee under the table and she didn't need to look to know it was Damon's hand, waiting for hers. Well, at least it was under the table. 
Talia let out a long breath and her right hand sank under the table to meet Damon's. 
Their fingers interlaced and Talia couldn't prevent her lips from lifting into a smile when his thumb moved slowly over the back of her palm. 
Holding hands under the table. That was their little secret. Talia liked that. 
"So, Talia…", Mindy called. "I apologize for taking your seat. I didn't know it was yours." 
Talia blinked, unsure what Mindy was talking about. 
"Mindy!", Alpha Maddox hissed, warning her to be quiet. 
Mindy rolled her eyes at her brother and continued talking to Talia, "We are all friends here, right? I want to apologize for causing inconvenience. I didn't know that was your place. Alpha Damon made sure to tell me that the seat is taken." 
Talia turned to look at Damon. He told Mindy that the seat is taken? It was obvious that Mindy was not pleased. Damon offended her. Why would he do that? 
As if he can hear Talia's unspoken questions, Damon spoke to Mindy, "Don't try to cause drama and twist this as me bullying you. Since Talia arrived here, this is her place. There are plenty of seats at this table to accommodate everyone." He glanced at Talia. "I don't want Talia to give her spot to anyone, regardless of their background." 
Damon's expression was unreadable, but the way he gave a gentle squeeze to Talia under the table made her heart melt. 
Talia reached with her free hand for some of that orange juice because she felt lightheaded. 
Damon said that she doesn't need to give her spot to anyone. Why did it sound like he was talking about more than just a seat at the table? 
The rest of the breakfast passed without any waves, and Talia was glad that Damon didn't ask her what she made because she didn't make anything. 
Mindy and Maya were chatting about the festival and Alpha Maddox was saying how he plans to visit two more packs with Mindy and after that, they will head home to the Blue River pack. 
Axel was his usual self, quiet, observing, his eyes frequently moved to Talia, but he didn't try to start a conversation. 
After breakfast, Alpha Maddox and Axel went with Damon to his study. They wanted to go over reports from interrogation and Maya and Caden joined them. 
Mindy bobbed her head while approaching Talia and Damon was quick to block her path. 
"Where are you going?" 
Mindy frowned at Damon. "You guys will be busy, and I want to spend some time with Talia." Mindy made a face. "Don't worry. I won't eat her." 
Damon turned to Talia. "Do you want to talk to her?" 
Talia was flabbergasted. How was she supposed to answer that? Mindy was right there! 
"Yes, Alpha Damon.", Talia responded respectfully, using his title to remind him that everyone was staring at them. He can keep his odd behavior for when it's just the two of them, or when Talia was not present because this was uncomfortable. "Mindy is my friend." 
"A friend?" Damon glanced at Mindy suspiciously. "Since when are the two of you friends?" 
"We spent some time at the fair yesterday.", Mindy said smugly and made her way around Damon toward Talia. Mindy hooked her arm with Talia's. "Let's go to the garden. The weather is nice…" 
Damon watched as Mindy and Talia walked down the hallway and he had an urge to go after them. 
What if Mindy says to Talia something damaging? They made such good progress with hugging and kissing and if Mindy ruins it, Damon will use Mindy's blood to wash away those grievances! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 124 - Confronting Betas
Damon went through the report on what the spies revealed under interrogation, without hiding anything from Maddox and Axel. 
Caden already told Damon that there is nothing top-secret and the Blue River pack and the Midnight Guardians pack are closest allies to the Dark Howlers pack. They share a relationship of trust and mutual respect where they are collaborating on several initiatives, and whenever they face problems, they are quick to assist each other without questions asked. 
"My men are still working on them, but I believe they spilled most of it.", Damon said. "In case anything else comes up, I will let you know." 
Maddox wanted to address one point. "The girl that Alpha Richard is inquiring about, that's Talia. Right?" 
Damon didn't deny the obvious. "Yes. I believe that's the case." 
"Did you reconsider my offer that she comes to my pack?", Maddox reminded Damon of the talk they had on the previous day. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Maddox. "She will not leave so I suggest you give up on that." 
"If Miss Talia needs protection, my pack is better suited for that role.", Axel chimed in, and Damon gritted his teeth. 
"Didn't you hear what I said?", Damon asked stiffly. "Talia is NOT leaving." 
Axel tilted his head and observed Damon like he was looking at an unreasonable child. "You will force her to stay here even if that puts her in danger?" 
"I'm not forcing her.", Damon was quick to respond. 
"Is she aware of the danger she is in by staying here?", Maddox asked. 
Damon couldn't believe this. "Why are you set on taking her away from me?" 
"I will interpret your answer as a, 'no'.", Maddox said smugly. "Why are you set on keeping her here?" 
Maddox could see that Damon was hiding something related to Talia. Is it her ability to conceal her presence? That would be very handy for spies, scouts, and warriors in general. 
"I have my reasons, just how you have yours.", Damon said. "I can assure you that Talia is not mistreated, and I will do my best to ensure her safety. Talia is getting necessities to live comfortably, and she is learning things she is interested in. If you doubt my words, you can talk to Talia, but don't put crazy ideas into her head or scare her needlessly." 
With that, Maddox and Axel left the study and Damon asked Maya and Caden to stick around. 
"Both of you are aware that Talia is my mate, and you knew that from the day she arrived here.", Damon paused and when both Caden and Maya nodded, he continued. "I hope you will keep that information to yourself. Talia doesn't know we are mates because her wolf is not with her." 
"Do you plan to make her your Luna?", Caden asked. 
"I'm not planning anything.", Damon responded. "For now, I hope that she can heal her body and her spirit while pursuing her interests. Everything else can wait." 
Maya frowned. "You will not tell her?" 
"Tell her, what? That she is my mate and set to be my Luna? I can tell her, but she is insecure and timid. I will be lucky if she doesn't run away." 
"So, you will lie to her?", Maya continued probing with displeasure obvious in her voice. 
"Not lie.", Damon responded. "I will reveal the truth gradually while assuring Talia that she can rely on me. I need her to trust me." 
"How can she trust you if you are lying?" 
Damon was irritated with Maya's stubbornness. Why is she set on making him the bad guy? 
"Beta Maya!", Damon addressed Maya officially and she felt her stomach tightening even though Damon didn't use his Alpha aura. 
Damon is not used to explaining himself, but he wanted Maya and Caden to support him, so he decided to share some bits. 
"Travis believes that Talia's wolf will awaken as long as she is in a supportive environment. Do you think that blurting out how she is going to be the Luna of the largest pack in North America is something that Talia can handle right now? She doesn't see me as her mate and no matter what I say will change that. At best, she will think that I'm joking." 
Maya wanted to retort, but she felt Caden giving her hand a squeeze, so she held back. Of course, Damon didn't miss this nonverbal exchange between Caden and Maya. 
Damon continued talking to Maya. "I am aware that you are responsible for Talia getting drunk in the Shifters nightclub and that you took her to the training center where she met coach Keith and a number of soccer players." 
Maya swallowed hard. Somehow, she knew that Damon was going to bring this up. 
"I took her out to a nightclub and to the training center, yes.", Maya admitted while trying to make it sound as innocent as possible. 
"Why?", Damon asked. 
"I wanted Talia to familiarize herself with surroundings and make friends." 
"Friends…", Damon repeated, and his voice was rising with every next word, "You were aware that she is my mate, yet you wanted her to make friends with men behind my back? Tell me, Maya…", Damon now spoke through his teeth as anger swelled within him. "What kind of friends can my mate make at the gym where everyone is scarcely dressed and sweaty, or in a nightclub which is full of horny drunkards?" 
"It was all innocent.", Maya said quickly. 
Damon's eyes stirred with madness. "Innocent? If it was so innocent, why did I pry Talia out of the hands of a drunk guy in the Shifters? And why did I find Talia with Keith, drinking beer at one of his hookup spots? Do you know what would happen if I didn't arrive in time?" 
Maya inhaled a choppy breath. "Nothing would happen." 
"YOU DON'T KNOW THAT!", Damon roared. 
"Alpha!", Caden stood up in Maya's defense and Damon glared at him. 
"What!? Are you going to justify what she did?", Damon's voice was low, but he was shaking with anger. "If I didn't step in at the Shifters, Talia would be manhandled by some bastard who was not willing to take 'no' for an answer. Even if her drunk friends intervened, Talia would be caught in the middle of a fight. And can you guess what would good coach Keith do with Talia at his hookup spot after they finished a sixpack of beer? Tell me, Caden, how would you feel if I put your mate in a situation where a bunch of unmated guys surrounds her? What would you do if you find Maya with a random guy laughing and drinking, and I label it as making friends?" 
"That wouldn't happen if Talia knew she is your mate.", Maya said, and Caden facepalmed. Why can't she stay quiet? 
Damon was obviously angry, and an angry Alpha doesn't listen to reason. 
Did Maya forget that werewolves are possessive? 
Caden will start a fight in a heartbeat with a guy who dares to make a move on Maya, and Alphas have stronger animalistic instincts compared to other werewolves. Actually, Caden was surprised how Keith walked away unscathed after Damon caught him with Talia in a secluded spot. 
Damon looked at Caden with an icy expression and spoke in a flat tone, "Take your mate from here because I don't want to ruin our friendship by crippling her." 
Caden knew that Damon is more dangerous when he speaks calmly in monotone than when he is raging, so he pulled Maya up to her feet and practically pushed her out of the study with haste. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon's shoulders heaved as he tried to get a grip on his anger. 
First Maddox brought up the point of taking away Talia, and now he remembered that Maya was the one who put Talia among unmated guys, more than once. What the hell? What was she thinking? 
Maya would know how to extract herself from the situation where a drunk guy is making unwanted advances, but Damon saw Talia's panic when she tried to push away the guy in the Shifters nightclub and the drunk bastard wouldn't budge. And then that cheery lovey-dovey mood with Keith at the lake. What would Talia do if Keith made a move on her? Would she refuse? What if Keith didn't want to hear 'no' for an answer? 
Just winning over Talia was hard enough because he had to chip away her insecurities carefully. 
If people who are close to Damon are against him, what can he expect from his enemies? 
Damon wanted to find Talia and snuggle until he calms down, but he didn't want her to see him in this state. Rage rippled through him in waves, and he didn't want to scare her. 
He walked to the window and opened it. A fresh morning breeze hit his face, but he didn't care to enjoy it. 
Damon pulled the gray polo t-shirt over his head and jumped out of the window. 
Four paws landed on the neatly trimmed lawn and a majestic black wolf dashed into the forest, leaving rags of what used to be Damon's jeans behind him. 
A good run will help him let out the steam. Hopefully. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 125 - What’s The Right Punishment?
After Damon's aggressive display, Caden and Maya went into their room to regroup. 
"I messed up, right?", Maya asked Caden. 
He responded with silence. 
Caden told her more than once that she was going too far, but she responded with, 'you guys always stick to each other', and continued doing her thing. 
Maya is the smart one, and her schemes usually work without a hitch, but this time her own Alpha took the burn of her actions. 
Both Maya and Damon are hardheaded and willful, but Damon is above Maya in the hierarchy, even though Maya is above Damon in Caden's heart. 
To say that Caden is torn between the two is an understatement. 
"Aren't you going to comfort me?", Maya asked. 
Caden sat on the sofa and patted a spot next to him, for Maya to join him. 
Once Maya was in Caden's embrace, she spoke, "You know that I didn't mean for Talia to sleep with some random guy, right?" 
"Your intentions don't matter, sweet cake. What matters is that you took Talia out twice, and both times Damon found her with some guy getting his hands on her. If it was any other girl, we could find a way to pacify him, but Talia is his mate and things are not simple." 
"Why doesn't he tell her they are mates? Don't tell me you believe his crap how Talia will run away?" 
"I don't know how she would react", Caden said with honesty. "But I know that she is his mate. And I also know that I wouldn't want anyone to meddle in our relationship. Damon can feel the bond and he is probably aware of her emotions so…" 
"You are coming up with excuses for him.", Maya cut him off. 
"Excuses? At the end of the day, it's his relationship. Will it fly or sink, it should be his doing. Or do you want to be responsible?" 
Maya pressed her lips into a line. Of course, she didn't want to be responsible. 
To be honest, Maya didn't think that things will escalate like this, but she didn't like how Damon was raging like it's the end of the world. And he threatened to cripple her. That was a hard pill to swallow. 
"Now what?", Maya asked irritably. "Am I to hide until our Alpha calms down?" 
Caden let out a long breath. "I hope that will be enough." 
"What do you mean?" 
"Damon is an Alpha. He might take your actions as insubordination; acts against Alpha and future Luna." 
Maya couldn't believe this. "You are kidding, right?" 
"Do you think I would joke about something like this? Talia and Damon are mates and you exposed Talia to quite a number of guys." 
Maya didn't deny it, but… "How is that insubordination?" 
"You acted against your Alpha. Damon has a small circle of people around him because he prefers trust compared to submission and you…" 
"I blew it.", Maya finished Caden's sentence. "My intention was for Talia to see the world on her own, without Damon's shadow above her." 
Caden knew that Maya was thinking about Talia, but she made a mistake by neglecting Damon's existence. In a pack where Alpha's word is law, Maya ignoring Damon's interests could be costly. 
Maya was always a rebel, a free spirit who does what she thinks it's right, and Caden loves that side of her. As her mate, he loves every side of her. 
Caden hoped Maya will understand that as a Beta, she needs to consider how her actions are impacting the pack. 
A pack is like an army and a lieutenant can't act without considering the consequences. 
"Damon was backstabbed too many times and he has scars to prove it. On a scale of getting a girl out for some fun, what you did, was not much. But you are Beta, and your actions were against your Alpha." Caden paused and picked his words for the next part. "If I'm Damon, I would think about a variety of scenarios. What if we are facing a crisis with rogues, and you decide to do what you believe is best without considering how that might impact Damon? If Damon is indisposed, the whole pack will be vulnerable. We are not prioritizing Damon because we worship him as our tyrant. Alpha is our pillar, and we are the foundation. In order for the pack to stay strong, it's our duty to support our Alpha." 
Maya pouted at Caden's words. Why is he making everything so dramatic? 
But it's true that Damon is overly cautious and that he will rather cut off suspicious people than have them nearby and risk their betrayal; and for Damon, what Maya did, might be interpreted as a betrayal. 
"So, now what?", Maya asked dejectedly. 
"Now we wait and hope that Damon will give you another chance. In the meantime, try to stay low." 
"What will you do if he wants to punish me? Send me away? Banish me?" 
Caden didn't want to think about it. "Let's hope it doesn't come to it." 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
While his paws dug into the dirt and winds whipped through his black fur, Damon thought about his predicament. 
The only thing that can calm him down is a solution, a plan. 
Damon knew that Maya was hardheaded loose cannon, and he waited for a day when it will come to bite him. 
If Damon uses his Alpha aura and issues an order, Maya will submit, but that is not the type of Beta that Damon needs. 
Actually, Damon never gave Maya the title of a Beta. She became Beta as Caden's mate. 
During the mating ceremony, when Caden marked Maya and injected her with his venom, Maya got a power boost which granted her an aura of a Beta. She was Caden's mate, with Beta qualities, so Damon didn't when Caden suggested that Maya acts as a Beta in the Dark Howlers pack. 
Damon trusts Caden (and Stephanie) to act in his best interest, regardless if Damon is present to issue orders or not. 
Maya is different. 
Maya came to the pack only a few years ago, and if she is not Caden's mate, Damon would never let her close to him. 
Damon's parents were ambushed and killed because someone close to them betrayed them, Damon is certain of that. Yes, the official report says that it was rogues, but only a few people close to Damon's parents knew that they were heading for that trip. Unfortunately, many people had access to the packhouse, and they could sneak into Alpha's study to get access to important documents. 
Damon has no intention of repeating the same mistake. 
He will rather work with a few trustworthy people than hundreds who will backstab him when he is not paying attention. 
Damon and Maya don't share history or a bond of friendship, and now Damon confirmed that she doesn't see him as her Alpha either; if she does, Maya wouldn't dare to bring Talia anywhere near unmated guys. To make things worse, Maya knew Talia was Damon's mate. 
Without Caden, Damon would see Maya as a spunky (above average) warrior. There are plenty of those around and are easily replaceable. 
However, Caden is indispensable. 
Damon trusts that Caden has his back in any case, other than one… when Maya is in question. 
Talia and Damon didn't go through the mating ceremony, yet Damon would put Talia above anything and anyone, and Damon was confident that Caden feels the same for Maya. 
Can Damon allow Maya to stay close when he doesn't trust her? But if he pushes Maya away, he will lose Caden also. Damn it! 
… 
After returning to the packhouse and tidying up, Damon went to search for Talia. 
He calmed down significantly, but he craved her proximity. All that talk with Maddox and Axel about Talia leaving him and his thoughts about messing up their relationship made him needy for cuddles. And kisses. Yes. A lot of kisses. 
Talia was not in her room, nor in the garden, nor in the kitchen. Ah, finding Talia would be so much easier if she had a mind-link. 
Damon's steps halted when he saw Mindy in the living room, reading some fashion magazine. She was sideways on the sofa, with her legs up. She definitely made herself at home. 
The last thing Damon knew was that Mindy and Talia went to chat. 
"Do you know where Talia is?", Damon asked. 
"She left.", Mindy responded casually. 
Damon's eyes nearly bulged out of their sockets as his worst nightmares replayed in his mind. "Left? When? Where?" 
Mindy lifted her gaze from the magazine while wondering why was Damon freaking out. 
"I didn't check the time, but it can't be more than half an hour since Talia left for some training session. I'm not into sweating, so I stayed behind…" Mindy's voice trailed when she noticed that Damon's expression worsened. Did she say something wrong? 
Damon's mind was racing. Training session? Sweating? Does that mean Talia went to the training center? Does that mean WITH KEITH!? 
Mindy guessed that Damon was worried about Talia. After all, Mindy already knew that Talia is skinny and weak, and Damon announced that she is under his protection so… "Don't worry about Talia. She is in safe hands." 
"What hands?", Damon asked stiffly. 
"Max and Axel went to accompany her…" 
Damon didn't hear the rest. He saw black and red spots in front of his eyes. It's not only Keith but Maddox and Axel also? What the hell!? 
Mindy stared in disbelief at the empty doorframe from where Damon dashed like the wind, without an explanation. 
Her brother has a temper, but Alpha Damon tops the charts. 
Mindy shook her head in disapproval and decided to continue reading the magazine. 
She always said that Alphas are nothing good. Yes, they are powerful and packed with muscles, but that also comes with the baggage of being willful and moody, and sometimes violent. It's not their fault, it's just that their animalistic urges are too strong and sometimes they take over. Mindy knows it very well because one of those difficult-to-get-along Alphas is her brother. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 126 - Picking The Best Trainer
Damon's appearance at the training center caused many eyes to turn toward him. 
The gym area was fairly filled with only a few machines being free. 
It was a usual day as many warriors come to train unless there is something else going on. Because warriors were using the equipment, a number of Omegas were also on duty to keep it clean, and it all added up to how many people were present. Even the lounging area upstairs was lively. 
The noise quickly simmered down and almost everyone stopped what they were doing in order to bow toward their Alpha. 
ALMOST everyone. 
The far right corner had several people chatting around the punching bag that was suspended from the ceiling, and Damon didn't need to think twice before heading in that direction. 
Just as he suspected, Alpha Maddox and Axel were there with Talia and Keith. 
Damon's mind stuttered at the sight of Talia who was wearing dark blue biker's shorts and a blue sports bra. The clothes fit her snugly. Why was so much of her skin exposed? 
Wasn't Talia aware of her hotness and how many horny guys were in the visual range? 
Damon really wanted to wrap her in a towel, a bathrobe, a winter coat… anything that will cover her up. The thicker, the better. 
Luckily, the three guys that were closest to Talia were at least one step away from Talia, so Damon was able to control his temper. As a bonus, because of Alpha Maddox and Axel's presence, other guys had to keep their distance from the group. 
Damon cleared his throat to get their attention. "I was wondering where you left." 
Talia's head whipped in Damon's direction, and her heart fluttered when she confirmed that it's really him. 
Keith was writing down something on his tablet and he didn't notice Damon until he spoke. All color drained from Keith's face when he realized that his Alpha is present. The memory of Damon's murderous intent from the previous night was still fresh and Keith felt sweat dripping down his back in an instant. 
Actually, Keith was contemplating not to come to the training center today, thinking that it's for the best if he hides at home for some time; probably until his Alpha forgets about his existence. 
However, yesterday Keith promised Talia that he will be here, and he even told her that he will teach her some fighting moves. 
Keith's conscience didn't allow him to bail on Talia, not after leaving her last night, so he came. 
He wanted to ensure that she was safe, and to apologize for his impotence on the previous night, hoping that she will forgive him for leaving her with Damon and for bringing her to that place. 
Keith really didn't think about getting frisky with Talia. Sure, if she made a move, he wouldn't resist, but his intentions were only to spend time with Talia. She was the one who was looking for time alone and Keith took her to a spot he knew no one will disturb them. But then Alpha Damon showed up and within seconds, Damon managed to make Keith's image flip from a kindhearted guy into a molester. Keith hoped that he can clarify that misunderstanding by coming to the training center. 
Keith was relieved to see that Talia came without Damon, even though Maddox and Axel made him nervous. 
Keith was hoping to catch Talia on her own and talk, but Maddox and Axel were sticking to Talia, and Keith was still waiting for his chance to apologize and inquire about her wellbeing. 
Now that he looked at Talia, Keith realized that he met a lot of women but he never met one that would attract so many Alphas. 
Maddox and Axel were friendly, and Keith relaxed somewhat. Who knows, maybe they agree to taste his protein shakes and endorse them? That would be a huge popularity boost for Keith's business. 
Keith was thinking that this day won't be so bad, but now that Alpha Damon made an appearance, Keith realized that a calamity is coming. 
"We caught Talia on the way out of the packhouse. She said that she wants to train, and I wanted to see your training center. Not bad.", Maddox said to Damon, and Axel nodded in agreement, like that applies to him as well. 
Damon knew that Maddox lied. They definitely tagged along with Talia. Why can't they leave her alone? 
But if Maddox and Axel left Talia alone, then Keith would have Talia for himself, so in this case, Damon welcomed those two nosy Alphas. 
Ignoring others, Damon made his way to Talia. "Why didn't you tell me about your plans to come here?" 
Talia was not aware that Damon wanted to know her plans for the day. After breakfast they dispersed, and she assumed that he will be busy with meetings and whatever else Alphas do. 
"I agreed with Keith to come here today for training.", Talia responded. 
"What are you doing?", Damon asked while gesturing toward the big sandbag that was in front of Talia. 
"I just finished warmup and Keith was about to show me some moves." 
"Coach Keith is teaching you to fight?", Damon asked stiffly. 
Didn't they talk about training when she went to see Travis? And Damon said that he will teach her, and she said fine, and this… just what is this? How come Keith took Damon's spot? 
Unaware of the storm that brewed inside Damon, Talia nodded earnestly. "Keith is my personal trainer. Who will teach me if not him?" 
"I will.", Damon said without missing a beat. 
Talia blinked. "But you are not a trainer." 
"I know how to fight.", Damon said matter-of-factly and threw a dangerous side-glance at Keith. "I can crush him with one hand behind my back." 
"But… you are busy." 
Damon was getting irked that Talia was finding reasons for him not to teach her. Why can't she just say, 'yes, Damon. I would love it if you teach me'? Is she really so set on spending time with Keith? 
"I'm coming to this place to train frequently. It's not a big deal to show you a few moves and while you are practicing them, I will do my thing." 
Talia opened her mouth to retort and then closed it. She was out of arguments, and she realized that she was kind of bickering with an Alpha in front of a large audience. 
Most of the people present didn't dare to look openly at the group of five, but Maddox and Axel both looked at Talia with renewed curiosity. It was obvious that Talia was talking back to Damon. Any submissive wolf would lower her head and thank her Alpha for the care he was offering, yet Talia was resisting, and instead of using his Alpha aura on her, Damon was negotiating. 
In this case, both Talia and Damon showed uncharacteristic behavior. 
Unaware of Maddox's and Axel's gazes directed at her, Talia looked at Keith with concern. Why was he drenched in sweat? 
"Are you alright?", Talia asked Keith, and he nodded stiffly in response. 
Talia turned to look at Damon. She was still not convinced that he is the best choice to teach her how to fight. Not because he doesn't have the skills, but his behavior is unpredictable. What if she agrees and he changes his mind tomorrow? 
Yes, they kissed last night and in the morning, but kissing in bed and training in the gym are two different things. Just how Talia had no confidence that they will kiss again, she didn't know how long Damon's commitment to training her will last. 
But she couldn't call him out on his instability. Not will all of Damon's warriors around. She needed a different strategy. 
"I heard about your abilities. You can defeat anyone." 
Damon smirked at Talia's words. 
His face fell when she asked, "Will you be able to teach a novice like me?" 
Damon rubbed his chin for a moment before coming up with an idea. "I am the most capable fighter, however, I'm not the strongest nor the fastest…" Damon threw a side-glare at Maddox when the latter snorted. Damon continued talking to Talia. "I rely on my technique, and that's exactly what you need to learn." 
Seeing that Talia was not convinced, Damon decided to try something else. 
"How about this? You came to learn a few moves. Right?" When Talia nodded, Damon continued, "I will teach you one move, and coach Keith will teach you one move also. Which teaching is more effective will determine who will be your trainer." 
Talia had no idea why Damon was so adamant about training her, but she was really out of arguments. "Sounds good." 
Keith's legs trembled like they had a vibration built-in, and it was on at the highest setting. Did Talia just put him to compete against Alpha? 
"Talia…", Keith called. "If Alpha wants to teach you, then…" 
"No, no.", Damon interrupted Keith. "Talia deserves the best. Let's show her who is the best." 
Damon's eyes sparkled with a dangerous glint that made Keith feel chills like he was at the death's door. 
Damon turned to Talia. "You pick, which one of us should go first?" 
Keith exhaled helplessly while wondering what's the point of this show. It's obvious that if he loses, he lost. And if he wins, Alpha Damon will break his legs, so he lost. In any case, Keith will lose, and he will be lucky if only his legs are broken. Can he just admit defeat and save his legs? Or is his neck in danger? 
Last night Keith got the hint that Alpha Damon is interested in Talia, but Keith never dreamed that it would go this far. If he knew, Keith would stay home. For a month or maybe longer. 
Keith wondered, is it possible that Talia is oblivious to Damon's intentions? Or is she not interested? Keith dismissed that idea. Any unmated female would be interested in Damon. Or is Talia interested in girls? 
Keith whimpered silently. Regardless of what was going on between Damon and Talia, why was he getting dragged into it? At this rate, he will die as a collateral casualty. 
Oblivious to Keith's internal cries as he was confident that death is approaching, Talia responded to Damon with an enthusiastic smile. "Keith was already here, and we were about to start, so he will go first. Besides, you need to go and change, right?" 
Damon nodded in agreement and Talia turned to Keith. "Teach me well, coach! What are we doing?" 
Keith really wished to disappear. Maybe he can develop a sudden stomachache? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 127 - The Competition
Keith didn't see the point in competing against Damon when there is no way to win, but Talia's serious expression motivated him to do his best, and with Damon leaving to change clothes, Keith's courage swelled. 
If he needs to go down, he will do it with his head held high. 
"Come here…", Keith beckoned Talia. "I will show you a kick that can take even the biggest guy down if done right." 
Talia was not sure if she can bring anyone down, but she still obeyed without voicing her doubts. 
Keith faced Talia with one step of space between them. 
He extended his leg and touched the outer side of her left knee. 
"The move is to kick here but instead of pulling your leg away, hook your foot behind your opponent's knee and jerk him toward you as you pull your leg back. That will make him lose balance, and once you achieve that, it's up to you if you will continue to fight or flee…" 
Talia nodded earnestly while thinking that this is a good strategy. If she can make an attacker lose balance for a moment, that moment can be enough for her to escape. 
But kicking in a knee meant that she would need to face her attacker and be really close. Can she hit a moving target? Can she keep her cool if a baddie gets that close? 
An image from the amusement park flashed in Talia's mind. What if there is more than one baddie? What will kicking one achieve? 
Looking at Keith who was ready to accept her beating, Talia hesitated. 
This will be a problem. 
She didn't think about kicking her trainer when she imagined how she will learn to fight. 
Whenever someone attacked her before, Talia would curl into a ball while trying to minimize damage received from the hits. She never thought of fighting back or fleeing. 
Talia told herself that she needs to cross this hurdle. Somehow. 
She pressed her lips into a line and gave Keith a small kick. 
Keith paused for a moment and then chuckled. She was so gentle. He barely felt it. Adorable. 
"Give it your all, Talia. Start with a kick, and we will add the hook-and-pull later." 
"I don't want to hurt you." 
"Even if you hurt me, I will heal in a day or two. As a trainer, it's an honor to have a bruise from my student. Think of it as a sign that I taught you a good move so it will be worth it. Now come on, show me what you've got…", Keith encouraged her. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon changed his clothes with haste and he got out of the dressing room to a scene of Talia focusing on Keith and kicking him in the knee. 
He cocked an eyebrow. How was that kicking? There was no strength behind the hit. But that feeble attack paired up with Talia's serious expression made her super-cute. 
Damon really wanted to tackle her on the exercising mat and kiss her all over. 
Alpha Maddox and Axel were sitting on a nearby bench and observing Talia's training. 
Damon joined them. 
"The two of you are not even pretending to train anymore.", Damon grumbled, and Maddox chuckled while Axel didn't show any visible reaction. 
"Talia is an interesting one.", Maddox said with amusement in his voice. "I can see why she got your attention." 
"Don't even think about it.", Damon spat at Maddox. 
Maddox's eyebrows shoot up. "Oh? And what am I thinking about?" 
"Nothing good." Damon knew that Maddox was persistent in taking Talia with him to the Blue River pack. It didn't matter why because that was not happening. 
"How protective.", Maddox retorted. "You should probably worry more about this guy who is silent." 
Damon knew that Maddox was talking about Axel. Axel was suspicious and for some unknown reason, Axel also offered Talia to go to the Midnight Guardians pack. But Damon was aware that all members of the Midnight Guardians pack are waiting for their mates, and since Talia can't have two mates, Damon didn't see Axel as his rival while Maddox was a potential scoundrel who would want to get into Talia's panties. 
"I'm not worried about either of you.", Damon said coolly. "Actually, continue talking like that. Talia is a gentle soul, and your coarse jokes will make Talia keep her distance from you." 
Maddox was offended. "What's wrong with my jokes?" 
Damon waved casually, indicating that the conversation was over. 
Maddox was saying something, but Damon got lost in the image of Talia assuming an offensive stance and kicking Keith. She was beautiful. 
"Good. Good.", Keith praised Talia. "Feel free to kick harder…" 
'Yes, harder', Damon thought. Maybe she could break Keith's leg. Open fracture. 
"OK. Ten minutes are up.", Maddox said. 
"Did we set a time limit?", Keith asked Maddox and Damon perked up with curiosity. 
Maddox shrugged. "Do you need more time?" 
"Not really.", Keith admitted. But he hated to part from Talia. He didn't know what Damon prepared for this pointless competition, but Keith knew that he will lose. 
With that, it was Damon's turn. 
He stood in front of the little woman who looked at him apprehensively, and he thought about what to show her. 
It took him a minute to decide. 
"Punch me in the throat." 
Talia's eyes widened. "What?" 
Damon gave her an encouraging nod and repeated while pointing at his Adam's apple. "Punch me in the throat." 
"That's a killing move.", Keith said from the side with a frown. 
Damon didn't deny it. "If Talia is in danger and needs to physically defend herself, she shouldn't hesitate in taking down her opponent." He really meant it. Anyone who attacks Talia deserves to die. 
Damon saw Talia's shocked face and backtracked. "With your strength, you probably can't kill a guy, but he will have trouble breathing. Come on. Right now, I'm the enemy and I will attack you. Defend yourself." 
Without any warning, Damon moved toward Talia and yanked her arm, pulling her toward him. 
Before Talia realized what's going on, Damon hugged her from behind and her back pressed against his chest as he arched slightly above her. 
Talia sucked in a sharp breath at this sudden invasion. But why did it feel so intimate? 
Damon spoke to Talia in a low voice, "If a guy is openly making a move against your will, he won't hesitate to restrain you and harm you. Do you want to defend yourself? You need to decide if you want to be a timid victim or a fierce fighter. Do you have it in you to fight back, or will you go to the safe house and let warriors handle it?" 
Talia knew that Damon was talking about the last night's incident. He said that she should go to the safe house, yet she didn't listen. With her gentle mentality, Talia couldn't bear to harm anyone, and she also knew that if the bad guys came to the town square instead of Damon, she would be an easy target. A victim. A hostage. A liability. 
Damon held her without any force, yet she couldn't budge. 
Now she understood why Damon was so relieved to find her last night. He feared that she was captured or hurt. Would he be able to fight against the baddies if they had her in their hands? She didn't have an answer to this question. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line as the gravity of the situation weighed on her. 
"I'm sorry.", Talia said. 
Axel bolted to his feet. He couldn't take it anymore. "You are scaring her!" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Axel. "Scaring? I think that before learning how to kick an immobile target, Talia should understand what she will be facing. Don't tell me that you learned how to fight by being coddled." 
Axel's frown deepened, but he didn't argue. Damon was right. If anyone wants to learn how to fight, they need to get out of their comfort zone. 
Damon grabbing Talia from behind and holding her in place was nothing compared to what Axel went through while training. Even now, as a seasoned fighter, Axel ends up with cuts and bruises after heated spar sessions. It's normal for werewolves. Actually, they enjoy a good challenge because one can learn only by facing strong opponents. 
Axel knew that he shouldn't meddle, but for some reason, Axel didn't want Talia to fight. He wanted her to live in safety and comfort and… she didn't belong on the battlefield. 
Seeing that Axel gave up on interfering and that Maddox observed all this with amusement, Damon lowered his head and continued talking to Talia. "I can teach you as many moves as you want, but none of them will be useful if you are not willing to fight. Didn't Keith show you how to kick? Kick me. I told you that you can punch me in the throat. Do it. I won't retaliate. Make me let go of you." 
'Easier said than done', Talia thought. 
Out of all the people in the world, Damon is the last one she would be able to harm. Not because her punch won't be more than a mosquito bite to him, but because he was the person she cherished the most. 
Yes, Damon got that spot in her heart, and even if he abandons her, regardless of the circumstances, Talia will cherish their every moment together as a precious memory. 
Talia turned her head to see Damon whose chin was rubbing on her shoulder as he spoke, and she blinked when she realized how close they were. So close. 
Just a bit closer and they could kiss. 
Inappropriate thoughts. 
Damon observed Talia's cheeks that were getting increasingly red, and he chuckled. 
"Kitten…", he whispered. "Like this, I will never let go of you." 
Talia's lips didn't move, but her smile was clearly visible in her honeyed eyes. She didn't want him to let go. Ever. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 128 - Talia’s New Trainer
Keith was timid from the moment Damon showed up in the training center, and things went downhill when Damon announced that there will be a competition to determine Talia's trainer. 
Keith was confident in his skills, but in this case, he was going against his Alpha. No one wins when he goes against Alpha. That's why Damon is Alpha; he is the best. In everything. 
However, seeing that Damon was unusually non-intimidating and he was not even trying to train Talia, Keith found a bit of courage in the back of his heart as his competitive spirit urged him to speak up. 
Keith showed Talia an effective kick and she practiced, while Damon only held her from behind. The victor was obvious. Right? RIGHT!? 
Wouldn't it be glorious to have a victory against an Alpha as a badge of honor? And Damon has a fierce reputation as an Alpha who never lost a fight. 
"I thought that the competition was about teaching Talia a defensive move.", Keith reminded everyone in his business tone. 
Without letting go of Talia, Damon directed his gaze at Keith. 
On the inside, Damon was irked that Keith interrupted his Talia-time. He was hugging Talia and inhaling her scent while enjoying the sparks of the bond, and they were having a moment, damn it! 
"Yes, we were to teach Talia to defend herself. You went with a kick, and I went with a punch in the throat.", Damon said with a straight face. 
Alpha Maddox and Axel were nodding at Damon's words, and Keith had to agree that what Damon said was right. But something was fishy. 
"So, how do we know who won?", Keith asked. 
"The criteria was that the winner is the one whose teaching is more effective. Talia will decide.", Damon said and glanced at the clock that was hanging on the wall. "There is no need to decide yet. You practiced with Talia for ten minutes, and I still have five more minutes to go." 
With that, Damon lowered his head and rested his chin on Talia's shoulder. 
Keith's mouth hung open. Did Damon say that he will just stand there and hug Talia for another five minutes? 
Alpha Maddox and Axel were also staring at Damon in disbelief and Talia would probably laugh at Damon's shameless behavior if she was not in the middle of it with the audience watching. 
This was the playful Damon she would always welcome. This Damon made her happy, but she was painfully aware of all the people staring their way; there were many eyes directed at them, and not just from the three guys who were in the vicinity. 
Seeing that Damon had no intention of letting her go and that he didn't care about people who were staring at them, Talia gave up. "OK. I admit. Your teaching is better." 
"Hm? You need to be more specific.", Damon said with a smile as he could smell the victory. It smelled citrusy sweet, like freesia. 
Talia wiggled a bit and Damon released her from his hold. 
Talia turned to face Damon. "I want to learn to fight, and I believe you know best what I'm lacking." 
Damon grinned victoriously and before he could respond, Talia spoke to Keith, "Alpha Damon will teach me how to fight, but I also need to build my strength and stamina without straining my body, and for that, I will rely on your assistance, coach Keith." 
Damon frowned at this. How come Keith was still in the picture? But he didn't want to fuss about it. He got Keith out of the training where he would have physical contact with Talia, and Damon was pleased with this small victory. For now. 
"I want to have access to your schedule of training with Talia.", Damon said to Keith. 
There was no way Damon will allow Keith to have alone time with Talia. Damon will come up with an excuse to be at the training center when Talia is with Keith, but he couldn't reveal his petty reason, so he came up with something else, "I need to know about her physical condition so that I don't overdo as I teach her how to fight." 
"Yes, Alpha.", Keith responded respectfully. 
Damon moved closer to Talia, and he put his hand on her back, pushing her to move toward the dressing rooms. He really wanted her to cover up. 
Damon already decided to use one of the rooms in the packhouse for training, so that others can't see Talia like this… exposed. Omegas can clean up the room, add a mat or two, a mirror on the wall, and a few machines. That can be done by tomorrow. 
Ah, it will be just the two of them, and he can tackle her on the mat and kiss her until their lips go numb! Damon was excited. 
Talia was confused. Why is Damon making her go into the dressing room? 
When Talia looked at Damon questionably, he explained, "Your lesson for today is over. As your newly appointed trainer, I want us to have a good chat so that I can understand your needs and expectations. Let's talk this afternoon…" 
Axel observed all this in silence while Maddox's interest in Talia increased. 
Seeing how Damon was acting around Talia, and knowing that Damon has a short fuse, Maddox was confident that there will be a scuffle, or at least that the poor coach will suffer a miserable defeat. 
Unexpectedly, Talia managed to solve the situation without any blood getting spilled. To make it even more unbelievable, no egos were hurt and both Keith and Damon seem to be content with this outcome. 
What kind of magical power she has? Maddox was not sure but Talia being able to achieve this feat was absolutely fantastic. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Shortly before lunch, in the packhouse… 
Alpha Maddox went to check on Mindy, and he found her packing. They were planning to leave the Dark Howlers pack in the afternoon. 
Knowing that Mindy spent some time with Talia, Maddox asked what she thinks about Talia. 
To Maddox's disappointment, Mindy didn't know anything noteworthy, but when she told him that Talia is helping in the kitchen, Maddox perked up. 
He knew that Axel was with Damon in Damon's study, so this was a great opportunity for him to talk to Talia without Damon hovering. 
Just as Mindy said, Maddox found Talia in the kitchen. 
"Talia…", Maddox called. "Can we have a word?" 
Talia glanced at Stephanie only to see the latter nodding for her to go. 
Talia wiped the seasoned breadcrumbs from her hands and removed the apron before heading for the door. 
She didn't dare to look at Zina and Dawn. Talia knew that those two were close to bursting with questions since breakfast, and the only reason why they didn't jump on Talia so far was thanks to Stephanie's presence. 
But now Alpha Maddox came looking for Talia and she was confident that Zina and Dawn just added another bunch of inquiries related to Talia's situation. 
Talia followed Maddox into the garden while wondering what he wants. 
"I spoke with your Alpha about you coming to the Blue River pack.", Maddox said. 
Talia's eyes widened as her stomach tied into painful knots. Is Damon sending her away? "What did he say?" 
Maddox smirked in amusement. Talia's anxiousness was easy to read. 
Maddox had several theories about Damon's behavior related to Talia, but now he confirmed that whatever is going on, it's mutual. 
He didn't want to tease her. "Damon refused my offer." 
Talia relaxed visibly at Maddox's words. It was his offer, which means that Damon didn't want to send her away. Actually, he refused. Talia liked that. But why would Alpha Maddox want for her to come to his pack? 
Her brows furrowed in confusion when Maddox gave her a business card. 
"This is my personal number. Call me if you need help." 
Feeling that it's rude to refuse an Alpha, Talia took the card, but she had to say, "I am aware that you and Alpha Damon have a close relationship. If I am doing well here, I won't need help from you, and if I plan to escape, you will be the second last person I would call, with the last one being Alpha Damon." 
Maddox was surprised by this answer. But then he put that in the context of Talia being abused before coming to the Dark Howlers pack, and he understood her reasoning. 
"You can call me if Damon needs help." 
"You think that he will need help and not contact you?" 
Maddox hummed in confirmation. "Damon is a prideful person." 
Talia flipped the card a few times before asking, "Why don't you give this to Betas? Why me?" 
"Betas will obey his command. You are different." Maddox looked at Talia thoughtfully before adding, "Damon is different when he is with you." 
Talia had so many questions, but before she could ask any, Damon's angry voice reached them, "Do I need to install some tracker on you? Didn't I tell you to stay away from Talia?" 
Maddox winked at Talia when he saw her putting his card in her back pocket, and he raised his hands defensively toward Damon. 
"We were only talking. Chill. It's not like I was about to steal the girl." 
Damon snorted irritably and stood in front of Talia to visually examine her. 
"Did he do anything to make you uncomfortable?" 
"No. We were just talking.", Talia responded to Damon before turning to Maddox. "If that's all, I will return to the kitchen…" 
Without waiting for a response, Talia scurried back into the packhouse. 
She really wanted to know what Maddox meant when he said that Damon is different when he is with her, but she had a feeling that another chance for a private chat with Alpha Maddox won't come easily. Even if she finds herself alone with him, how is she supposed to just bring up that topic? 
Thinking about the card that Alpha Maddox gave her, Talia smiled a little. Adding to Axel's and Mindy's numbers, this was her third phone number, and she didn't have a phone yet! And the awesome thing was that all three numbers she had belonged to impressive characters. 
Talia decided to talk to Stephanie when she gets a chance and to figure out how she can get a phone. Maybe she can ask for a salary because she is helping in the kitchen... at this thought, Talia felt like crying. She didn't really help much because someone would often call her to step out, or she would make a mess. Ah, it seemed hopeless. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 129 - Nora’s Ruse
~ the Red Moon pack ~ 
Marcy was reading a book before lunchtime when she heard several quick knocks on the door of her room. 
Before Marcy could respond, the door opened, and Nora peeked in. 
"Busy?", Nora asked. 
Marcy's lips stretched into her well-practiced smile. 
Ever since Damon left the Red Moon pack, almost two weeks ago, Marcy is aware that Nora is after Damon. 
Normally, Marcy wouldn't care what Nora and Damon are doing in their private time, but Nora was supposed to be her best friend in the Red Moon pack, while Damon was her fiancé-to-be. 
How can Marcy not have grievances after finding Nora's panties tucked under the bed in the room Damon was using? 
Sure, Alphas have a reputation of leaving a trail of women behind them but what's Nora's excuse? 
But Marcy knew better than to spill everything. Since then, Marcy was watching Nora and waiting for the right chance to strike back. 
"How can I be busy for you? There are no secrets between us.", Marcy responded. "I assume you are here with a reason." 
Nora nodded and handed her phone to Marcy. "Look at this…" 
Marcy checked the phone that had a photo open. It was a picture of Damon and someone in his embrace... the two of them are in the crowd... under the tall black clocktower. 
"What am I looking at?", Marcy asked. 
"Don't you recognize the guy?" 
Marcy rolled her eyes. "Of course. That's Alpha Damon." Marcy was about to scroll to the next photo, but Nora snatched her phone away. 
"There are a few more photos, but there is no clear one that would show the girl's face. Photos show her as a petite female with light brown hair, but her face is either obstructed by Alpha Damon, or by the people around them.", Nora explained. "I'm trying to find out if any of my contacts were there and if they know who she is." 
"Out of all the women swarming around Alpha Damon, why is this one important?" 
"Do you really not get it?" Nora gave Marcy a meaningful look. "This was taken last night." She made a dramatic pause before continuing, "When Alpha Damon kicked out Cassie and banned her from coming to his pack, we assumed that he is taking your engagement seriously. He postponed your visit with an excuse how he didn't have time to meet with you, but this photo is the evidence that he had time for some random girl. He is your fiancé. This is blatant disrespect." 
Marcy sneered at Nora's hypocrisy. If she didn't know that Nora screwed Damon less than two weeks ago in this same packhouse, Marcy would believe that Nora is actually thinking about her interests. 
"He might be handsome and popular, but his behavior is inexcusable.", Nora continued her rant. 
Marcy knew that Nora was up to something. "What do you suggest?" 
Nora's eyes lit up when she confirmed that Marcy was interested in hearing more. 
Nora had a plan ready. 
Ever since Damon left the Red Moon pack, Nora can't stop thinking about him and she would do anything to get back into his visual range. She can still feel him pillaging her insides and she really wants to experience that again. Surely, if it was amazing for her, it was good for him also, right? 
Unfortunately, Nora is powerless to get in touch with Damon herself, but Marcy is different and Nora plans to use that even if it means that she needs to scheme and suck up to others. 
With every passing day, Nora's hate for Marcy is growing. Before Marcy showed up, Nora was the highest-ranking female in the Red Moon pack among the younger generation and everyone looked up to her. 
But then Marcy returned and everything is about Marcy now. Whoever talks to Nora, it's about how they are hoping that Nora can put them in touch with Marcy. Marcy-this, Marcy-that... princess Marcy. Hmph! 
Nora despises Marcy for many things, but the most hateful thing Marcy did was that because of Marcy's incompetence, Alpha Damon left! If Damon stayed longer, Nora was confident that she would get more chances to interact with him. And he left without prior notice. Nora didn't even get a chance to say goodbye. 
Nora's smile didn't falter while looking at Marcy and wishing for a bucket of tar and chicken feathers to fall on her finely combed blonde hair. 
"You shouldn't be so calm after seeing this photo, Marcy. Alpha Damon's Luna can't be a pushover.", Nora said matter-of-factly. "Actually, I already showed this to Alpha Edward, and he agrees that you shouldn't wait for another week until you go to see him…" 
Marcy's stomach formed knots as the realization sank in; she underestimated Nora. She knew that Nora was scheming, but she didn't think that the blasted backstabber will actually go to the Alpha. 
Handling Nora is one thing, but Alpha Edward is a whole new level of difficulty. 
Did Nora say that Marcy should go to the Dark Howlers pack earlier? 
Alpha Damon is easily irritable and if Marcy pushes again to see him sooner, he might bail out of that engagement completely. Actually, maybe that will be a good thing. As much as being a Luna of the largest pack in North America sounds like a glorious title, a lifetime with a guy like Alpha Damon will be a punishment. 
Alpha Damon refused to see her last time. What will they do to change his mind? 
Or do they plan for Marcy to just head to the Dark Howlers pack without announcing her visit? What if they don't let her in? That would be embarrassing. 
Nora was still talking when Marcy got a message through the mind-link from her father. He was waiting for her in the study. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Marcy noticed that it was only her father in his study. 
"Sit, Marcy…", Alpha Edward said while gesturing toward the chair that was on the other side of the desk from him. 
"I believe that Nora told you about Alpha Damon being seen with some woman last night at the festival at the Dark Howlers pack." 
Marcy nodded at her father's words, unsure how she should react. 
Should she be high and dignified as a future Luna, or should she throw a tantrum because her so-called lover was seen with another woman? 
"We need to speed up our plans.", Alpha Edward said. "We can't allow him to spend time with random women." 
"What's the plan?", Marcy asked reluctantly. 
"Beta Caden told me that Alpha Damon is not available today. Tomorrow morning, I will call and tell them that you have another trip planned, to visit your aunt, and the Dark Howlers pack is on the way. You will have dinner with him, make sure it's in public and that someone takes photos…" 
Marcy was surprised that her father already planned for all this. He also had a scheme where an incident will happen with her aunt, so Marcy won't continue her journey and will remain in the Dark Howlers pack. Of course, a visit to her aunt is just an excuse. If Marcy says that she is just passing by, Damon won't have a reason to refuse her for a get-together that won't last more than a few hours. When she tells him that her aunt had an accident, Damon will be heartless if he doesn't let her stay longer. He might even comfort her. Smart. 
"… If you go on your own it will be suspicious. Nora volunteered to accompany you." 
"Did she?", Marcy asked. "How nice of her." 
Alpha Edward nodded solemnly. "She is very supportive. You are lucky to have her by your side." 
Marcy felt like throwing up. Lucky? It seems that her father doesn't know that Nora slept with his future son-in-law while he tried to negotiate a marriage for his daughter. Marcy wondered if her father would even care about it. Probably not. 
The more Marcy thought about this, the more she realized that Nora is behind this push for Marcy to go and visit Damon as soon as possible. 
But what's Nora's agenda? 
Damon is known for not repeating his hookups, or does Nora think that she is different? 
Nora can't be delusional to think that she is a candidate to be Damon's Luna. Or maybe she plans that when Marcy is only one step from the goal, Nora can do something so that Marcy can't attend the wedding and Nora takes her spot? Or maybe she drugs Damon and ends up tricking him into marking her? 
Each idea was crazier than the previous one, and Marcy had no way to confirm the truth, but Marcy was certain that Nora was not her friend and that she shouldn't dance according to Nora's tune. 
"Can I speak freely?", Marcy asked. When her father nodded, she continued, "What if Alpha Damon is just letting the steam before tying the knot? He should know that once I become his Luna and we complete the mating ceremony, he will lose interest in other women. After all, he didn't reject the arrangement, he only said that he had other priorities currently and he even promised to make it up to me when I visit him one week from now." 
Alpha Edward paused. "You think so?" 
"I can't be certain, but to be honest, I will prefer if Alpha Damon gets his last kinks out before I show up. What if he has few women with him now? Do I need to compete with those nobodies for his attention? Or will he chase them away and be irritable because his plans were altered due to my unexpected visit?" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 130 - Guests Are Leaving
~ the Red Moon pack ~ 
Alpha Edward thought how Marcy's words made sense, but he still wanted to confirm, "You are fine with waiting until our previously arranged date to go to the Dark Howlers pack?" 
What Marcy really wanted was to return to Paris and continue with her life outside of these power-hungry games. Was that an option? Of course, not. 
Marcy told herself that she feels this way only because she didn't see Damon in nearly two weeks. When they reunite, she will fall under the spell of attraction caused by his domineering aura. 
Every she-wolf is weak toward powerful men, and Damon is at the top of that desirability ladder. 
But no matter how powerful or attractive Damon is, it's undeniable that Luna of the Dark Howlers pack is in an amazing position, and she shouldn't delude herself that she can return to how her life was. Her father wouldn't allow it. 
Once Damon puts his mark on her, the bond will form between them and Marcy will have eyes only for him, and then she will be happy there. 
Sometimes, Marcy would wonder, after Damon marks her, will she feel the same attraction she felt for George? Her heart still aches whenever she thinks about those Adonis-like features. His scent. His touch. Everything about George felt right, made for her. Everything, except for his status. 
Marcy reminded herself to focus. Her father was watching, and she can't get lost in daydreaming about a guy who was her whole world for a few short minutes until she rejected him. 
When facing Alpha Edward's suspicious gaze, Marcy realized that she needs to tread carefully. 
Refusing to participate in his plans related to her becoming the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack was not an option. Her father was always greedy for more, and disobedience leads to punishments. 
"I don't mind going earlier to the Dark Howlers pack, but I don't see an urgency to push for it.", Marcy said. "Is it worth endangering our shaky relationship with Alpha Damon in exchange for only a few days? It won't serve any good if he believes that we are forcing him into this marriage. What if he holds a grudge? I believe that we should let him have his way until the deadline he set himself. How about you give him a reminder that his last night's debauchery went viral and that he should do it low-key in order not to offend me?" 
After a moment of thought, Alpha Edward agreed with Marcy's suggestion. He wondered, why did he allow Nora to spur him into thinking how Damon is slipping away? After all, it's just one woman. Even if it was five women at the same time, it wouldn't be a big deal. Every Alpha has his share of women before he settles with his mate, and Damon is not different. 
To Alpha Edward, this showed Nora's impatience and immaturity, while Marcy demonstrated a good head on her shoulders. He approved. By staying calm and thinking rationally, Marcy will be useful, as long as she prioritizes him and the Red Moon pack. 
He was aware that now he can control Marcy, but what will happen when she becomes Damon's Luna? She will be part of a different pack, with a power of her own. If she plays her cards right, Damon will do whatever she wants, and Marcy was smart. 
Alpha Edward spent a lot of time and effort to get Marcy engaged to Damon, with the goal of getting more influence and power, and if Marcy turns her back on him, it will be all for naught. 
Because of this, Alpha Edward told himself that he should treat Marcy right so that when the time comes, she doesn't alienate herself from him. 
"I like that you think long term.", he praised her. "Don't worry about this and focus on getting yourself pampered. No matter how well Alpha Damon treats you as his Luna, nothing compares to the home where you grew up. You will go to the Dark Howlers pack in a week. Make use of your time here." 
Marcy smiled at this small victory and thought about pushing her luck a bit more. "Daddy, can I ask for one thing?" 
Alpha Edward gestured for Marcy to go ahead. 
"I'm not sure if Nora should accompany me to the Dark Howlers pack." 
"What's wrong with Nora? Did you have an argument?" 
Everything is wrong with Nora. Backstabbing whore! "It's nothing like that, daddy. I am the princess of the Red Moon pack, and I'm going to spend some time with my future Alpha, and what's Nora's role? My moral support? A good Luna doesn't need moral support. Will she be the third wheel? I'm confident that Alpha Damon and I don't need one of those. Or is Nora going as security? She doesn't look like a warrior." 
Seeing that Alpha Edward frowned, Marcy quickly backtracked, "I don't mind Nora going, but we should think about the message we are sending. If you can give me a few of our warriors, that would be for the best. Get someone you trust; you know that there are many who won't be pleased that I'm Alpha Damon's Luna. What if I get attacked?" 
Alpha Edward contemplated this in silence for some time before agreeing. "Safety comes first. I will let you know who will accompany you once I pick suitable candidates." 
Marcy was almost happy with this outcome. She was back to not rushing to meet with Damon, and the only thing she needed to figure out was Nora. 
It's one thing to sleep with Alpha Damon, but why was Nora adamant about going with Marcy? And it seemed that Nora wanted just the two of them to go. Why? So that she can get rid of Marcy without witnesses? 
Actually, Marcy could see that happening. And her father is so power-hungry that he won't think twice before telling Nora to continue with the plan instead of Marcy. 
Maybe Marcy can't remove Nora from the group, but if there are more people going, it will be difficult for Nora to do whatever she is scheming. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~ 
Later that afternoon... 
Maddox and Mindy were next to their car, in front of the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack. They were exchanging some last words with Damon before leaving, and Talia observed the scene from the door. 
Before stepping outside, Maddox shook hands with Talia, and Mindy gave her a hug. Both of them told Talia to stay in touch and that she is welcome to visit the Blue River pack anytime. It was the first time for Talia to go through such a parting ceremony and she was content with staying at the door and giving Damon privacy. He must have some Alpha things to talk about, and Talia was planning to wave as Maddox and Mindy drive away. 
As a bonus, Talia got the pleasure of looking at Damon without appearing rude or out of place. Caden and Maya were a few steps away, also looking toward the trio. 
Now that Damon was in his business mode, dashing and dressed up in black trousers and a crisp white shirt, talking seriously to Maddox and Mindy, Talia wondered if their morning cuddles with kissing were just figments of her imagination. Is it possible that she was in Damon's embrace? His hands were in her hair, his lips on hers, and he was telling her how she tastes sweet, and he can't have enough of her kisses. His voice was deep and magnetizing and everything smelled of the forest and the dark chocolate. It was surreal. 
Just thinking about Damon's icy-blue eyes that were burning with unknown fire made Talia press her legs together. Oh, God! She was getting aroused just like that! How inappropriate. 
With her peripheral vision, Talia noticed movement, and she turned to see Axel coming down from the second floor with his Beta Kai and Gamma Tyler by his side. 
Kai and Tyler are about Axel's age; their fathers are respectively Beta and Gamma in the Midnight Guardians pack where important roles are being inherited from parents to children. When Axel officially becomes the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, Kai and Tyler will take over the roles that their fathers are currently holding. 
Kai and Tyler are decent fighters, but their real strengths are in managing people, analyzing situations, and loyalty to Axel and the Midnight Guardians pack. 
From the day they were born, Kai and Tyler were groomed for serving their Alpha and the pack, and they are very good at what they are doing. 
Since they arrived at the Dark Howlers pack, Kai and Tyler were in the common building with other members of their pack who came to participate in the Summer Solstice festival, and they joined Axel in time for lunch with everyone. 
During lunch, Talia noticed that Kai is the chatty one, while Tyler's personality aligns with Axel's (the quiet type). They were polite and Talia admired how Kai and Tyler treated her with respect, and at the same time, they were talking to Alphas as equals. It's a difficult balance to strike as most of the werewolves would either submit to Alphas or get drunk on power and look down on the weaker ones. 
Seeing that the trio was approaching her, Talia realized that in just a bit, all guests will leave, and the packhouse will return to its previous quiet self. 
It was hectic, but Talia saw the last few days as a valuable experience. After all, since she came to the Dark Howlers pack, she was never bored. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 131 - The Guests Left
"Miss Talia, can I speak with you?", Axel called from the hallway. 
Talia glanced at Caden and Maya who were only two steps away from Talia, pretending not to see anything. 
Betas were unusually reserved during lunch and after it, and Talia assumed that they have something else on their minds, probably their next tasks. 
Talia didn't think badly about Axel. In Talia's opinion, Axel was the quiet, thinking type, which is unusual for werewolves, but she is an odd one also, so she felt like they have something in common. 
"Sure. Is it OK to talk here, or do we need privacy?" 
Talia hoped that Axel won't pick privacy because she remembered how Damon would barge in and turn borderline crazy every time Talia talked with an Alpha… or with a guy… or with anyone. Really, now that she thought about it, Damon didn't like when she talked with people. 
Should she be worried about it? No. Damon was probably worried about her safety, that's all. 
"Here is fine.", Axel said with a smile. "I just wanted to remind you of my offer. If you need anything, anytime, feel free to call me. I hope that in the near future you come and visit the Midnight Guardians pack." 
Talia was happy to hear this. Just a few minutes ago, Alpha Maddox and Mindy told her that she can visit the Blue River pack, and now she got another open invitation. She wondered if all Alphas are this welcoming. 
While she was in the Red Moon pack, Talia was living under the radar but she saw Alpha and his family acting like they are above everyone else, but since she met Damon, Talia's opinion about Alpha's is changing. Maddox and Axel and nice and easy to get along with and Damon... is Damon. He falls into a separate category that Talia was unable to label at that point. 
Kai and Tyler handed their business cards to Talia and Axel encouraged her to take them. "In case I'm not available, you can also reach out to Kai and Tyler. They will do their best to assist you with whatever you need." 
Talia accepted the business cards while mentally assigning them number four and number five in the contact list of her phone she is yet to acquire. 
"Thank you, Axel. That is very kind of you.", Talia responded. "To be honest, I don't think I deserve such a good treatment." 
"Every person deserves to be treated with kindness and respect. That is not a privilege.", Axel said right away, and Talia looked at him in awe. She really liked what he said. 
'BEEP! BEEP!' 
A loud siren made everyone look at the dark blue SUV from where Maddox and Mindy were waving. 
Talia raised her hand and waved back enthusiastically. She didn't realize at what point Damon reached her side to stand between her and Axel, like a human shield. 
And with that, Alpha Maddox and Mindy were gone. 
"Alpha Damon…", Axel called. "We are grateful for your hospitality, and we hope to see each other again, soon." 
"Thank you for coming", Damon returned the pleasantry. "I'm sure we will see each other as soon as the circumstances allow it." 
After some more pleasantries and handshakes that involved not just Damon and Axel, but Kai, Tyler, and Talia also, the trio headed to their car, and Damon put his hand on Talia's back, urging her to come with him to escort the guests. 
Without thinking, Talia stood by Damon and waved as Axel's car left, and then she turned to see that Caden and Maya were not in sight. 
Talia thought how this looked like Damon and she were hosts who escorted their guests. 
"What do you plan to do now?", Damon asked. 
"I will read the book that Doctor Travis gave me.", Talia responded without missing a beat. 
Considering that guests are gone and that they will have leftovers from lunch for dinner (so there was no need to cook), Talia thought how this is the perfect time for her to do what she wanted to do from the moment Travis gave her the book. 
Seeing that Damon was just staring at her, Talia thought of returning the question, "What will you do?" 
"I have a mountain of paperwork to go through." He really did because of the festival and because he was ditching work in order to spend time with Talia. 
"Sounds important." 
Damon shrugged. "Reports, plans, bills. For some, I need to decide how to deal with the matter, and some are just waiting for me to read them, and maybe sign." 
Talia thought how being an Alpha is not easy. Other than dealing with his personal matters, Damon is responsible for the whole pack, the town, money, security… she couldn't imagine how much work it is, but it is definitely a lot. 
Talia only wanted to learn cooking and to read a book, yet she was failing at both. Compared to Damon, she was definitely lacking in accomplishing her goals. 
"You are a great Alpha.", Talia voiced her thoughts. 
Damon's heart swelled. He really liked that Talia praised him. "I'm doing what needs to be done." 
Damon took Talia's hand in his and led the way inside. "Let's start with our tasks so that we can relax in the evening." 
Talia lowered her head and stared at their connected hands. Why did it sound like Damon plans to spend his evening with her? She didn't dare to ask for clarification. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia was not sure at what point they reached the third floor. Why was Damon here, still holding her hand? Didn't he say that he has a mountain of paperwork? Talia assumed that he would work from the study. Why did he follow her into her room? 
The door closed behind them with a bang and Talia found herself in Damon's embrace. 
And there it was… Damon's lips pressed against Talia's with urgency, and the flavor of dark chocolate seeped into her while the scent of the forest was all around her, just how Damon was. 
His tongue made its way into her mouth, and Talia held onto Damon's shoulders to steady herself because her legs turned into jelly. 
It was all too sudden, and he swallowed her whimper greedily. 
Damon was holding back his urges to hold and taste Talia since that morning. 
Yes, they spent most of the day together; he held Talia's hand under the table during breakfast and lunch, and he even got to embrace her (from behind) at the training center, but it was not close enough. 
He needed to feel her all the time. 
The sparks of the bond were soothing Damon's temper but at the same time, he craved for more. More touching, more kissing, more Talia. 
Talia felt like floating. 
From the moment she kissed him back, her thoughts about reading the book flew away with the flurry of emotions that trashed her insides with every move Damon made. 
Only when he lowered her on the bed, she realized that the floating sensation was because Damon carried her. 
She didn't notice that Damon kicked Cinna off the bed before he got on top of her. 
Damon used his elbow to prop himself up so that he doesn't squish her, without disturbing the frenzy of kisses that consumed them. 
Kissing, licking, sucking, nipping… moaning, groaning… it all felt just right, but it was only spurring them further and Damon was close to losing control when the scent of her arousal hit him. 
He got lower just a bit, and Talia arched her body upward, eager to feel him more, but the only thing she felt was the bulge that pressed on her upper thigh and her eyes sprang open when she realized what it was. 
"Don't worry, kitten…", he murmured into her lips. "I will never do anything against your will." 
Talia breathed heavily, struggling to think under the influence of Damon's intoxicating scent that was amplified by his proximity. 
Against her will? What does she want? Talia was not sure. 
Her body screamed for Damon's proximity, urging her to open up and give him everything she has, while her insecurities whispered that the only thing she will get in return, no matter how much she gives him, is heartbreak. 
Damon could feel doubts gathering in her heart. 
"Is this too much?", he asked and before she could answer, Damon was talking again, "The whole day I am thinking about you, kitten. You have no idea how happy I am whenever you look at me, touch me, kiss me." 
Talia's lips lifted into a smile. She was thinking about him as well. 
"What about you?", Damon asked and this time he waited a second before asking his next questions, "Do you like being with me? Do you wish to touch me, to kiss me?" 
Talia licked her lips nervously that suddenly turned dry. How can she admit those thoughts? But lying didn't sound good either. 
Damon was elated to see Talia nodding in response. It was a shy nod, but it happened. It definitely happened. 
"You do?", Damon asked. "You are not saying that only to make me feel better?" 
Talia blinked. Is it possible that the scary Alpha is insecure? No way! Damon is powerful and confident and handsome. Why would he be insecure about a nobody like Talia? 
But then… here they are, in bed, he asked her a question and is waiting for her to speak up. 
Talia swallowed hard as impossible heat crept up her neck and was threatening to melt her cheeks. 
Damon chuckled when he saw Talia's bashful expression and then he kissed her again and again. He told himself that every next kiss will be the last one and they will go about their business, but every kiss only left him craving for more and he couldn't stop. 
How can he stop when his precious mate is holding him tightly and returning his kisses? 
But he made sure to move a bit sideways and not risk her feeling how aroused he was. It was not time for that step. Yet. 
After an unknown measure of time, Damon inched away from Talia with difficulty. 
"I need to work", he said. "It's so difficult to leave you, kitten. I know it's selfish, but I want us to be together all the time, just the two of us." 
Talia was dazed. Her lips were throbbing, and her system was saturated with the flavors of dark chocolate, and Damon was saying some sweet words she had difficulty understanding. Did he say that he wants them to be always together? Just the two of them? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 132 - Dealing With Trust [Bonus ]
After their kissing session in Talia's room, Damon didn't want to part from Talia but he was aware that his work won't sort itself out. Actually, the more he procrastinates, the more work will pile up, and the number of people who are blocked by Damon's lack of action will increase. 
He needed to get some work done, but he desperately wanted Talia in his visual range. Is it possible to achieve both? 
Every time they were apart, he ended up finding her with some guys sticking to her. That's not happening! 
Damon came up with a solution where both he and Talia can do their tasks and be together, and that's how Talia found herself sitting on the sofa in Damon's office with Travis's book in her hands. 
She finally got a chance to read the book, but her brain had difficulty accepting medical information when Damon was right there, behind the executive desk, looking all serious and handsome while working. Breathtaking. 
Talia would get dazed by his dashing features, and then she would close her eyes and inhale the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate which filled Damon's office, and her mind would conjure images of Damon being really close, his arms around her, his lips on hers… licking, sucking, nibbling… How on Earth was she supposed to read anything in this condition? 
She didn't want to study. She wanted to go there, sit on his lap, feel his warmth, and taste his lips again. 
Talia let out a shaky breath. They were only hugging and kissing, and she was consumed with indecent thoughts. What will happen if they go beyond kissing? 
Talia caught the exact moment when her face flashed with scorching heat. 
Why was she thinking about those things? Ah, it's all Damon's fault! He made her lusty! 
If he ends up picking up the scent of her arousal, she will die from embarrassment. 
Talia shook her head while telling herself to stop it. For someone like her, just sitting in the room with Damon is a big deal. Kisses and hugs were out of this world, and she shouldn't dream that anything beyond those will happen. 
Besides, didn't she freeze when she felt his erection pressing on her leg? And they were fully clothed. If their clothes were off, Talia was confident that she would pass out. 
Of course, that's only with the assumption that Damon would want to remove his clothes for someone like Talia. 
She didn't see herself worthy. There are so many other she-wolves willing to serve him. Plumper, taller, prettier. 
Why did he even bother to spend time with her? Are hugs and kisses really enough for a guy like Damon? 
Talia remembered the image of princess Marcy between Damon's legs and her mood plummeted. Damon had an ecstatic expression with Marcy being down there. 
Could Talia do such a thing for him? Would she want to do it? 
Ah! Why did she allow herself to end up in this situation? 
Damon could have sent her to the common building with Omegas on the first day she arrived at the Dark Howlers pack, and none of this would happen. She wouldn't know how warm he is, or how comfortable it is to sleep in his embrace, or how his chuckle makes her insides tremble, or how he tastes… and these pesky feelings wouldn't develop. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia looked up and her eyes widened when she realized that Caden was in the study, handing a thick folder to Damon. When did Caden get in? 
She was spacing out so badly that even if a bunch of thieves came in, they could steal the sofa with Talia on it, and she wouldn't notice. How careless. 
Talia saw that Damon and Caden communicated without a word spoken, and she guessed that they were talking through the mind-link. 
After about a minute, Caden gave a small nod to Damon and turned to leave. On his way out of the office, Caden's eyes met Talia's and he showed a stiff smile before stepping out and closing the door behind him. 
It was all done silently in a solemn atmosphere, and Talia found that very unusual because Caden is a chatty person and the mood between Damon and Caden is normally livelier. 
Talia glanced at Damon only to see him staring at the door with a small frown on his handsome face. 
"Is everything OK?", Talia asked. 
Damon snapped out of his thoughts and looked at Talia. 
"Can I ask you something?" 
"Sure.", Talia responded without missing a beat. 
Damon stood up in slow motion and moved to sit next to Talia on the sofa. Talia understood that this is important, so she kept her book on the coffee table and gave Damon her full attention. 
"Someone close to me betrayed my trust and I'm not sure what's the appropriate punishment." 
Talia assumed that Damon was talking about Caden. Why else would Caden be quiet? This also explained the strange atmosphere between Damon and his Betas. 
Talia was uneasy at the thought of Damon punishing Caden. Surely, whatever he did, can't be that bad. "I assume that just forgiving him and moving on is not an option?" 
"Forgiving is something a kind Luna, like you, would do. Alpha knows that forgiving a perpetrator makes others believe that Alpha is weak, and they will come at him." 
Damon's words about Talia being a Luna were lost in Talia's thoughts that he was dramatic. Why was he talking about Caden like he is a criminal? Aren't they childhood friends who went through thick and thin together? 
"You said that he betrayed your trust. Does that mean you don't trust him anymore?", she asked. 
Talia was not aware that Damon was talking about Maya. 
Damon wondered, does he trust Maya? Did he ever trust her? 
Damon was really helpless in this situation. On one hand, Damon couldn't let Maya go without punishment, but on the other, anything he thought of was either too mild to be considered a punishment, or either too harsh and he feared that he will offend Caden. Since he couldn't come up with a good solution, he decided to ask Talia. 
Talia spoke about Maya as a 'he', so Damon went ahead with it because he didn't want to disclose that this was about Maya and her setting up Talia to meet random guys. 
"I don't like to have people close to me if I don't trust them. If someone worked against you, would you forgive him?" 
Would she forgive him? "It depends. Things are not just right or wrong. I'm sure that he had his reasons." 
Damon frowned. "His reasons are not important. The important part is that he was supposed to work for me, yet if I didn't interfere, things would end up badly. I expect my subordinates to watch my back and to make my life easier. If I need to clean up after them… I don't need them." 
"But you need this person, otherwise you wouldn't have this dilemma.", Talia said, and Damon nodded in agreement. 
Sure, Maya did a lot of work, and she was useful, but she was not indispensable. What Damon wanted to avoid was losing Caden if he is too harsh on Maya. 
Seeing that Damon was quiet, Talia spoke again. "It seems to me you want that person to know he crossed the line, and you also want him to learn a lesson and not do it again." 
Damon confirmed. "Correct. Any ideas how I can accomplish that?" 
Talia shrugged and shook her head. "Without more context, I can't be of much help. Actually, even if you tell me all the details, I will probably be useless." 
Damon made a face. "Why do you look down on yourself? You are not useless. You are very smart. Now tell me, what would you do?" 
Talia exhaled helplessly. How can she solve a problem that was presented by a few generalized hints? But Damon was looking at her expectantly, so she wracked her brain for something, anything. 
She got an idea. "People won't understand you unless they walk in your shoes. Can you put that person in a similar situation that caused you not to trust him?" 
Damon rubbed his chin for a moment, and then his face lit up. 
Before Talia could react, Damon extended his arms and pulled her to sit on his lap. 
"Kitten, you are brilliant", he murmured while nuzzling her neck with his nose. "And you say that you are not smart. Look at you, providing the perfect solution to my dilemma in a matter of minutes." Damon chuckled and kissed her neck. 
Talia's hairs stood on ends. Why was her neck so sensitive? 
In the midst of his happiness, Damon got an idea. 
An idea so brilliant that it will solve a lot of his problems. 
"I need someone smart by my side. Will you be my assistant?" 
Talia was sure that her ears malfunctioned. "Your what?" 
Damon lifted his head to look at her face. "My assistant." 
"But… but…", Talia stuttered. 
She really didn't think that she was qualified. 
And how can she do anything if she spends her day with Damon? Talia could see herself only daydreaming about his hugs and kisses and there will be no cooking or book reading. What about her training? 
And what will she do if he ends up seeing other women? Is he expecting her to stand in the corner and watch him embrace his future Luna? 
"What are you thinking about?" 
Damon's question pulled Talia out of her thoughts. 
There was no way she will admit to anything. But she had to say something. 
"Didn't you say that you need people you trust?" 
Damon smiled. "I trust you." 
Talia blinked. "You do?" 
With my life. With my everything. "I do." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 133 - Maya’s Punishment [Bonus ]
Seeing that Talia was hesitating in accepting to be his assistant, Damon decided to give her an additional push in the right direction. 
"When you arrived here, you were asking for a job, and here is one. You helped me the other day sort the mail, so I know that your organizational skills are top-notch. And you are smart. For everything else, I will guide you, and you will learn, step by step." 
What Damon didn't say was that this will also allow Talia to get insights into the pack, meet with pack members and other important people, and prepare her for the role of his Luna. And he got the perfect excuse to keep her by his side all the time. No guy will dare to stick close to Talia anymore because Damon will always be watching. Always! 
Talia stared at him, unsure how to respond to the unexpected praise. He said that her organizational skills are top-notch and that she is smart. No one ever complimented her like that. 
Damon inched closer and she could feel his breath fanning her face. Dark chocolate. Delicious. 
Talia's lips parted on their own, eagerly waiting for a kiss that didn't come. She realized that he will not kiss her until she answers him. 
What if she kisses him first? No, no. That would be too bold. 
Damon's intoxicating scent made her dizzy, and his firm arms around her felt good and her eyes darted from Damon's icy-blue orbs that smiled at her to his lips that were about to kiss her. Almost. 
"I want you to be my assistant. Say yes, kitten." 
Talia caved in under the sensory overload that silenced all the warning bells sounding in her head. 
"Yes.", Talia breathed, and then she welcomed his lips that crashed on hers with urgency. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
For the rest of the afternoon, Damon was working from behind his desk, and Talia was reading the book that Doctor Travis gave her. She would take notes on things she didn't understand, to check them online, or ask Travis for additional explanation. 
Damon was happy that he came up with a solution on how to deal with Maya. It was thanks to Talia's suggestion. It was simple, yet he didn't see it which only proved that he was missing his other half. 
He knew that Talia will be an amazing Luna. 
Damon could feel Talia's emotions and he knew that she is falling for him more by the day. 
Can she feel the bond? Damon was not sure. 
He was also aware that occasionally her heart tightens, and he assumed that it's due to her insecurities. 
If he found Talia earlier, those people in the Red Moon pack wouldn't have had so much time to crush her confidence. If she is not so broken, he would be enjoying lovey-dovey time with his mate instead of waiting for her to heal while ignoring his instincts to claim her in every way possible. 
Even his wolf was unusually silent, and Damon knew that the old guy took a step back because his desire for a mate was only making Damon crazier. 
"It's almost time for dinner.", he said, and Talia turned to look his way. "How about we go to a restaurant?" 
"Restaurant? Tonight?", Talia asked. 
Damon confirmed. "Starting tomorrow morning, you are officially my assistant. We should celebrate." 
"How about we celebrate here?" 
Damon frowned. An evening in the packhouse? He wanted to take Talia out and do some romancing. 
Talia saw that Damon was about to , so she explained, "We have a fridge full of leftovers, and if we eat out, it will go bad. We shouldn't waste food." Her face lit up as she got an idea. "To make it special, we can eat in the living room and watch a movie. Maybe Caden, Maya, and Stephanie can join." 
Damon's mood plummeted further. What kind of romancing will that be if there are three other people? 
But Talia looked at him expectantly and he couldn't say 'no' to her. "OK. I will ask if they want to join us…" 
Stephanie was not interested in eating in the living room. "That would mean that I either eat from a tray, bend from a sofa over a coffee table, or sit on the floor. You kids enjoy. I will eat in the kitchen. But I will help you warm up the leftovers…" 
Caden and Maya joined, and all four of them sat on the floor, around the long coffee table. 
Talia and Maya picked a movie. It was an action-comedy. 
Talia was excited. It was her first time to have a meal in such a cozy atmosphere. Lights were dimmed, the movie was playing on the big TV screen, she had a full plate of yummy food, and Damon was next to her. 
Talia's and Damon's legs were touching, and they held hands under the table, and he would feed her occasionally. Talia wanted to lean on Damon and maybe feed him in return, but with Caden and Maya present, she didn't dare. Also, she didn't know if Damon would like that so she sat a bit stiffly. 
Caden and Maya didn't talk, but everyone was focused on food and movie, so they didn't stand out. 
In a blink of an eye, the movie was done, and all plates were empty. 
"It's still early. Should we watch another movie?", Talia asked while looking around expectantly. 
Of course, Damon agreed. "Sure. Pick one." 
Caden and Maya said that they will go to sleep early, and Damon stopped them with, "Caden, be ready tomorrow to head to the Blue River pack. They will expect you at lunchtime. I will give you the details in the morning. Plan to be absent for about one week." 
Caden paused. "What work we have with Alpha Maddox to last a week?" 
"Maddox shouldn't keep you busy more than a day or two.", Damon responded. "After that, you will go to Los Angeles to check on our shipment from Russia. The container is stuck in customs for more than a week. And after that, you will head to the Fantomcrest pack to do knowledge transfer on how we are storing supplies for the winter." 
Caden knew that all these were genuine things that needed to be done in person. He glanced at Maya and then turned to Damon. "Will you be OK for a week without us?" 
Damon smirked. He was waiting for this. 
"Without YOU, Caden. Maya is staying to help pack members deal with the drought and excess heat, and we are expecting two families of refugees to arrive in the next few days. As for me, Talia will start working as my assistant from tomorrow." 
Damon observed Caden and Maya who were both reluctant to accept. One week of separation is like seven eternities. At the same time, they didn't dare to reject. As Betas, it was their duty to help Damon take care of the pack and its needs. 
"If there is a problem, I want to hear about it.", Damon said. 
"No, Alpha. There is no problem.", Maya responded and forced a smile while glancing at Talia and Damon. "We will see you in the morning." 
With that, Caden and Maya left. 
Talia noticed the awkward mood, but she didn't want to ask about it. This was between Damon and his Betas, and the last time she poked her nose in there, Damon ended up asking some half-baked questions related to trust. 
Damon wondered, at what point will Maya and Caden realize that he is sending Caden away as Maya's punishment? 
Maya took actions that could separate Damon from his mate (aka Talia), and per Talia's suggestion, Maya will experience firsthand how that feels. 
Caden will be busy traveling and handling things that are assigned to him, while Maya will be alone here, missing him. 
By sending Caden away, Damon is not doing anything to Maya, but she will be apart from her mate, wondering where he is, and with whom. Sure, Caden won't cheat on Maya, but werewolves are jealous and possessive, and after a few nights apart, it will be inevitable for Maya to start imagining things that are not happening. 
That should teach Maya a lesson she will remember for a long time. 
Damon also didn't forget that Maya is yet to apologize. 
Maya is prideful and stubborn, but as a Beta, she needs to learn her place. 
It's an elegant solution where Maya gets to feel the burn of the punishment without Damon doing anything, and he came up with this idea thanks to Talia. 
"Hey…", Damon called to get Talia's attention. "Since it's just the two of us, how about we take this movie-watching upstairs?" 
Talia paused. Isn't it upstairs just the two of them? But then she realized that with Stephanie, Caden, and Maya retiring for the night, and no Omegas in the packhouse at this hour, it was just the two of them on the main floor also, so she agreed. 
"Sure. But I want to clean up this mess first." She gestured toward the table that had empty plates, utensils, and glasses. 
Damon had no intention of letting Talia do all the work. Together, they tidied up the place and took dirty dishes to the kitchen. 
While there, Damon noticed chocolate cake in the fridge, and he asked Talia, "Dessert?" 
Talia stifled a laugh while thinking how chocolate is offering her chocolate cake. Isn't that a double-chocolate? 
"What's funny?" He really wanted to know. 
Talia shook her head, refusing to answer. "I would love some cake..." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 134 - Movie Night
In Damon's bedroom… 
Talia looked around. "Where is the TV?" 
Damon kept the plate with chocolate cake on the low table and walked to the wooden panels that are covering the wall next to the fireplace. With one slight push, the panels moved to the side smoothly, revealing a massive flat TV. 
Talia's mouth formed a big 'O'. She didn't know there is such a hidden thing in the wall. 
"Is there one of those in my room?", Talia asked and immediately regretted her blunder. The walls in her room are not covered in wooden panels, so it should be obvious that there is no hidden TV either. 
Damon chuckled while giving her the remote. "Kitten, when are you going to stop with mine and yours? Aren't you sleeping here? This is our room." 
Talia stared at him, and her limp hand nearly dropped the remote. 
She thought that he might say how all this is his and she only gets to use it temporarily, but then he said the word 'ours'. That means, his AND hers. 
A moment later, she chided herself. Why is she getting so easily flustered when he was just teasing her? 
But she wanted to point out the flaw in his joke. "How can this be OUR room when my clothes and toiletries are across the hallway?" 
Damon's lips stretched into a wicked smile. "Alright. We will move your things here." 
Talia opened her mouth to protest, but then she closed it. There was no point in arguing with the Devil. He was just teasing her anyway. Right? RIGHT!? 
Damon dimmed the lights and went to fetch drinks from the minibar while Talia picked a movie. 
Now that it was only the two of them, Damon sat on the sofa and opened his arms, silently inviting Talia into a hug, and she gingerly snuggled next to him while flipping through movie options. There were so many, and she didn't know which one to watch first. 
"Do you have a movie you want to watch?", Talia asked Damon. 
Damon refused to help. "We will go with whatever you want." 
He didn't plan on watching the movie anyway. He was absolutely content with just sitting next to Talia, holding her, and inhaling her scent. 
Damon wanted to hug Talia during the first movie also, but he noticed that Talia was stiff, and he guessed that she wouldn't be comfortable with the display of affection in front of Caden and Maya, so he didn't do more than hold her hand under the table. 
Unsure which movie to pick, Talia assumed that Damon likes explosions and fights, so she went with one action movie from the 'most popular' category. 
As soon as the movie started, Damon reached for the plate with the chocolate cake, and he gave Talia the fork. There was only one. 
Seeing that Damon didn't let go of the plate and he didn't show any interest in the fork, Talia understood that it's her job to feed him. 
Talia poked a piece of cake and offered it to Damon with a question, "What will I need to do as your assistant?" 
"Whatever is needed to assist me.", he responded and took the bite of cake that Talia gave him. 
Talia didn't like this 'whatever' description. Now that her head cooled off, Talia realized that she accepted the job without clarifying requirements. But at that time Damon was close and seductive and she would do anything for a kiss, even accept a job rashly. 
Really, she didn't even ask about the work hours and salary. Stupid. 
Damon's kisses are toe-curling, but no one can put kisses in a bank account. 
And what will happen when he finds his Luna? She will lose kisses as well. Forget about finding his Luna, with Damon's reputation, he doesn't need to move a finger because she-wolves are coming at him as long as he stops frowning their way. 
Talia's mood plummeted deeper. Will her job be to chase away horny she-wolves, or maybe to organize them alphabetically? What if Damon wants them based on their chest size? 
She felt like crying. 
Is it too late to reject the job, or at least renegotiate conditions? 
Damon could sense Talia's fluctuating emotions. Now what? 
Seeing that Talia was not moving, Damon took the fork and poked a piece of cake for her. 
"Kitten…", Damon called. "You are overthinking something." 
Talia looked at him and blinked. "What?" 
He glanced at the piece of cake that was hovering an inch away from her lips. 
"There is this cake, a movie, and the two of us. I hope that we can keep it like that. At least for this evening." 
Talia liked that, but she wished that it lasts longer than one evening. However, she knew that she shouldn't be too greedy. Many girls would kill to get this one-on-one, cake-feeding, movie-watching session with Damon. 
Yes. This should be enough. 
She opened her mouth and accepted the cake. 
It was moist and sweet and chocolatey. Almost as delicious as Damon. 
"How is it?" 
Talia knew that Damon was asking about the cake. 
"Tasty.", she responded. "Do you like it?" 
Damon put a piece of cake in his mouth and made a thoughtful expression. "It's OK." 
There was nothing wrong with the cake, but there was another flavor that he wanted more than anything. It was sweet and citrusy and extremely addictive, and right there, next to him. 
Damon kept the plate on the side and touched Talia's chin, making her look at him and he observed her lips. 
"You have something there…", he lied. 
Talia assumed that it's a piece of cake and she raised her hand to wipe her mouth, but Damon grabbed her wrist and inched closer. 
"Let me take care of it." He licked the corner of her lips once, twice, and then he kissed her. 
Talia responded to his kisses like she was starving for them. And she was. 
She loved and hated how she can't resist this unreasonable attraction that came with an impending sense of doom. Everything about their current situation was wrong, yet the moment Damon touched her, Talia couldn't think of a single reason why she should stay away from him. 
Chocolate. Delicious dark chocolate everywhere. 
Her mind was stuttering, and she lost a few seconds here and there. 
Damon pushing her backward on the sofa with his body… Damon on top of her… Damon's low groan that came at the same moment when she felt his hand sneaking under her t-shirt… Damon's touch so hot that she was sure it will leave blistering marks on her skin… Damon's breath slipping into her ear… Her shaky moan when Damon sucked on her neck… Damon around her… Damon above her… Damon… Damon… and the dark chocolate. 
Damon thought that he is going to lose his mind. He never wanted a girl more than he wanted Talia. 
This was not about conquering a woman. His instincts told him that she was his from the beginning of time, and that being away from her was wrong. Their every kiss and every touch confirmed that they are made for each other and that she is his, completely his, just how he is hers. 
He kissed and licked her neck, occasionally sucking and nipping at it and he felt his fangs elongating, ready to sink into her flesh and mark her as his. 
Damon groaned in frustration. He can't mark her. 
Not without her consent. 
Not without Talia knowing they are mates. 
Not without her wolf being present. 
He had no idea how his venom would affect her wolf. What if it makes it worse? 
Alpha's mark is different from the mark of a regular werewolf. It will inject his Alpha DNA into her system, and there is no way to predict how Talia will react. She was so fragile. What if her body can't take it? 
Damon would rather maintain this status than risk hurting her. 
His hand was under her top, roaming over her side, caressing and squeezing, occasionally grazing the edge of her bra and he was delighted that Talia showed no resistance. Can he move that pesky fabric out of the way and feel her breasts? He would love to play with her nipples. Just the thought of having them in his mouth, sucking, licking, and nibbling, made him erupt in a throaty moan. 
The scent of Talia's arousal filled the room, and without thinking, Damon lowered himself between her legs. 
The moment his hard cock pressed at the cradle of her thighs, he froze. What if Talia freaks out again? 
But a second later, Talia's hips moved, and she let out the most seductive sigh ever while grinding on him and gripping his back. When did her dainty hands get under his shirt? 
Damon's mind exploded when he realized that Talia was responding to him wonderfully. 
Goddess! She is perfect. 
Damon dove to claim Talia's lips with renewed vigor. This time, he didn't hesitate to move against Talia, applying rhythmic pressure with his cock and enjoying every sigh and moan that escaped her gorgeous lips. 
The exhilarating sparks prickled him through their clothes, and he couldn't believe how good it felt. 
If just dry-humping is making him nearly come, what will happen when they do the real thing? 
He should show her never-ending pleasures, and if he comes within a minute, that will be a stain to his manliness. 
But who cares if he comes quickly? He will just keep going at it. Again and again, until they are both sated. 
That will be a lot of condoms. Does he even need condoms? 
For the first time in his life, Damon wanted to impregnate a woman. 
He wanted to fill Talia with his seed repeatedly, until morning, and then to watch her belly grow as a result of his hard work. 
Whoever glances at pregnant Talia, Damon will proudly point at her adorable protruding tummy and yell, "I did that!" 
And once she delivers his baby, he will do it again. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 135 - Mine
Damon reminded himself that this is not the right time to get lost in daydreaming and selfish desires. Talia was absolutely inexperienced, and he needed to introduce her gradually to pleasures of the flesh or risk freaking her out. 
His hips moved in one harsh thrust and Talia gasped. 
"Do you like this, kitten?", Damon murmured close to her ear and then he thrust again. 
Talia nodded choppily. Her eyes were firmly closed, and she held onto Damon's back like she was holding onto her dear life because the whole room was spinning. 
Damon lifted his head to look at her flushed face and demanded, "Say it. I need to hear you say it. Do you like this?" 
"Yes…", she responded breathily, and he chuckled lowly in response. It was a sexy and dangerous sound that pulled Talia into reality. 
Talia blinked to focus on Damon's face hovering only a few inches above hers. His delicious lips were slightly parted and lifted into a traffic-stopping smile, and his icy-blue eyes were intense and burning with unknown flames, and strands of his raven black hair were falling over his forehead, giving him another dose of lusty attractiveness. 
Everything about him screamed sin. 
Damon kissed her deeply, movements of his tongue matched the rhythm of his hips, and Talia was thrown back in the haze of blossoming desires that were unknown to her so far. 
"I want to make you feel good, kitten. Can I?" 
Talia's mind was floating, and she barely understood his words. He wanted to make her feel good? Better than this? Is there better than this? "Yes." 
Damon moved to lay next to Talia, propping himself on the elbow, on her right side. 
Talia frowned at the loss of his proximity. She really wanted him back there, on top of her, between her legs. 
Damon gave her knee a little squeeze, and she stared at his icy-blue eyes that bore into her soul. 
"Do you trust me, kitten?" 
Talia nodded without delay. 
Damon smiled and his hand started gliding higher, up her thigh. 
Talia bit her lip in anticipation of what's coming, and her eyes widened when she realized that his destination are buttons of her pants. 
Her heart thundered against her chest, and she didn't dare to move. 
"Relax, kitten…", Damon spoke against her lips and then he closed the distance, giving her a slow deep kiss that made her mind spin. 
Damon unbuttoned her pants, but he had no intention to remove them. 
His hand moved to the side, to fondle her hip, waist, and continued higher, over her t-shirt, barely grazing the side of her breast, and then he caressed her neck and cheek before going back down the same way. It was just a touch, over the clothes, yet his low hums made it all so erotic. 
She gasped into the kiss when his hot palm glided over her bare waist, and she had no idea at what point he undid the buckles of her bra. 
Little by little, Damon pushed the pesky fabric up, together with her t-shirt. 
Damon broke the kiss and took a moment to admire her exposed breasts. They were firm and just the right size to fill his palm. 
He noticed that Talia's eyes were back to closed and her face was beet red. 
"Open your eyes, kitten. There is no need for you to feel embarrassed. It's just the two of us. And you are beautiful." 
Talia opened her eyes in time to see him lowering his head and taking her nipple in his mouth. The unknown electric sensation charged her body, and she fisted his hair, unsure if she wants to yank his head away or to pull him closer. 
Damon's groan sent a wave of vibrations through her body that somehow all converged at her core. 
He sucked and licked and sometimes she could feel his teeth on her, while his free hand kneaded her other breast, pinching and twisting lightly and Talia arched her body, wanting more even though she was not sure what that more was. 
Damon's lips moved to her left breast, to give her other nipple equal attention, and his now free hand moved down her abdomen. 
Talia let out a whimper when his hand slipped inside her panties, skillfully finding the right spot between her drenched folds. 
A growl ripped from Damon's chest. 
"Fuck! You are so wet!", he squeezed through his teeth. 
He really wanted to tear her clothes and bury himself deep inside her and never come out. Actually, he wanted to get in and out rapidly and to enjoy the visual of Talia bouncing under him. 
Her pants somewhat obstructed the movements of his hand, but he was unwilling to stop his ministrations in order to remove them, so he worked with what he had. 
Talia squirmed as Damon's fingers caressed, teased, flicked, and she gripped his shoulders to steady herself because the whole world dissolved except for the two of them and Talia feared that he might disappear as well. 
The room was filled with foreign scandalous noise, but Talia was too dazed to worry about appearances. 
Damon focused mightily on what he was doing, pulling himself back whenever his urges to devour Talia threatened to overtake his reasoning. He was painfully hard and throbbing and as Talia squirmed, she would rub her hip on his cock, and it was getting increasingly difficult not to jump on her. 
Damon kissed her neck, on the left side, right where his mark will come. Soon. 
Her every sweet sound was driving him crazy, and he could feel her breathing becoming choppy. She was almost there. Almost. 
His middle finger slipped lower and ventured inside her tight entrance. 
Damon cursed under his breath. She was hot and wet, and he couldn't wait for that sweet pussy to clutch his cock and milk him until he has nothing left to offer. 
The base of his palm massaged her clit while his finger thrust inside her repeatedly, touching some unknown spots that set her body ablaze, and he murmured breathily close to her ear, "That's it, kitten… Relax… You are wonderful… Welcome it… Let it wash over you…" 
His deep voice was the final straw that she needed to plunge off the edge. 
Her body tensed for a moment and then she cried to the heavens as she fell apart right there, in his hand, on the sofa. 
Damon groaned as her insides pulsated around his finger. 
Damn it! He really wanted to put his cock in there. All the way. 
He also wanted to lick all the love nectar her tight pussy released and to make her scream his name a few more times, but he decided to hold off with that. Next time. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia was coming down from her high and she saw Damon sucking his fingers clean with smacking sounds and gusto like they were drenched in honey. 
She quickly lowered her head, unsure where to look, and then she clumsily pulled her t-shirt lower, to cover herself. 
Seeing that she was embarrassed, Damon wrapped his arms around her and kissed the top of her head. "You were fantastic. Was it good for you?" 
Talia nodded shyly. She can't deny that it was amazing, but at the same time, it was outrageous. How will she be able to look at Damon again? He touched her down there and she released funny sounds. Ah! Who knows what were her expressions? 
With his index finger, Damon nudged her chin, making her lift her head so that he can see her face. 
Damon kissed her cheeks. The left one, the right one, and then he pecked her lips. 
"You are beautiful, Talia." 
Talia's heart skipped a beat. She thought that he might make fun of her, but instead, he complimented her. She liked that. She liked it a lot. 
Damon observed Talia's face. No matter how he looked at it, it was flawless; enhanced by a slight blush and afterglow from her orgasm, and he thought that if anyone other than him sees that expression, he will gauge those sinful eyes out. 
"You are mine, Talia.", Damon said seriously. "Only I get to touch you, kiss you, hold you. Do you understand?" 
Talia blinked. Why was he so possessive? Should she be happy about that? 
It's not like she wanted to get close to any other guy, but why was Damon claiming her as his while he gets to do whatever he wants? "What about you?" 
Damon frowned in confusion. "What about me?" 
"You said that I'm yours. What about you?", Talia clarified. 
Damon closed his eyes and let out a long exhale. Why can't she just accept her fate, like any normal she-wolf? Doesn't she know that this was the first time for Damon to claim a woman as his? 
With his right hand, Damon cupped her left cheek and looked into her honeyed eyes deeply. 
"Since I became Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, no other woman got to stay on this floor, sleep in my bed, call herself Mrs. Blake, or negotiate with me. I am all yours, kitten, from the moment you arrived at this packhouse." Actually, before that, but he didn't want to go into details. 
For Talia, it all sounded too fantastic to be true. "You are lying." 
Damon couldn't believe this. "Another thing, kitten. I never lied to you. If you don't believe me, feel free to ask around." He kept some things for himself, but whatever he said, it was the truth. 
Seeing that her eyes widened as one doubt was fighting with another, Damon smiled. He was making progress. 
"You believing me or not won't change the reality, kitten. I am yours. Yours to touch, to kiss, and to hold. Whenever you feel like it, come and get it. And if I see any guy getting funny ideas about you or even looking at you in the wrong way, the only thing he will be seeing is my fist. You are mine, Talia Blake. Don't forget that." 
His last few words were a growl and for some unknown reason, even though it collided with everything she knew so far, Talia believed him. 
Damon claimed her as his, and he said that he is hers. 
Talia smiled a little and relaxed against him. 
She took a deep breath that filled her system with Damon's scent of the forest and the dark chocolate, and she relished the sensation of safety and belonging. 
An unspoken intimacy formed between them with every stroke of his fingers through her hair, and every gentle kiss that he arranged on her face, and there wasn't a place she would rather be than right there, in his warm embrace. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 136 - First Day At Work [Bonus ]
Talia stirred from sleep and refused to open her eyes because she didn't want to end a marvelous dream. 
In that dream, Damon carried her to his bed, and then he held her, and they kissed, and then they got ready for the night with Damon giving her his t-shirt to sleep in. She went to change clothes in the bathroom, and she noticed a minor problem: her panties were wet from arousal. 
"I need to get another pair…", Talia said bashfully while tugging the hem of Damon's t-shirt lower to cover herself up as much as possible. 
Even in her dream, she knew that her panties were drenched because Damon touched her down there. Did that really happen, or was it part of the dream? 
But Damon had no intention of letting her leave his room. "Just remove them." 
"I can't sleep like that.", Talia protested. Yes, it's a dream, but she can't go to bed butt naked! 
"Why not? I would give you mine, but as you know, I don't wear those.", he said with a grin, and she remembered the scare he gave her in the hotel room when he wanted to remove his pants and demonstrate. 
"Don't tell me you are shy, kitten. I was already down there…", he said while licking his lips. 
Did he drool a little? 
Damon pulled Talia down on the bed and he chuckled while crawling above her. He was wearing only sweatpants and it was difficult not to stare at his toned torso. And his scent... intoxicating! 
"Why are you so eager to cover up, kitten? Is there something else you are hiding in those panties? I'm curious…" 
He moved lower and pulled her panties down and Talia hated that her butt went up, making it easier for Damon to undress her. Why was her body acting on its own? 
Damon put the tiny fabric under his nose, shamelessly inhaling deeply with a grin on his handsome face. 
"I'm keeping these, kitten." 
With her naked under Damon's t-shirt, Talia thought that he will do something outrageous, but he didn't. 
Damon laid next to her and cradled her in his arms, and then he kissed her and caressed her hair, and it was the best thing ever. 
Who would want to wake up from such a dream? 
But no matter how much she tried to avoid it, she was awake. 
Talia's eyes fluttered open, and she inhaled the intoxicating scent of the forest and the dark chocolate that was all around her. 
She was in Damon's bed. 
Talia's breath hitched when she realized that she was wearing only Damon's t-shirt. She was panty-less. 
Is it possible that was not a dream? 
She swallowed a mouthful of air as more detailed images flashed in her mind. 
Last night, they came up to watch a movie, but there was no movie-watching because they were kissing, and she remembered him unbuttoning her pants, and… Oh, God! That was NOT a dream! 
But, where is Damon? 
She touched the bedsheets on her right, where Damon should be sleeping, and they were cold. He was gone for some time. 
She lifted her head and spotted a note on his pillow. 
"I had to start my day early. 
When you are ready for work, join me in the study. 
~ Damon" 
Talia remembered that this is her first day as Damon's assistant. 
Oh, no! She is late for work! 
Talia swiftly scooted out of the bed and headed to the bathroom to freshen up. 
Her steps halted when she saw attached to the door of the bathroom a hanger with a light blue pencil skirt and a blazer, and there was a white shirt and blue underwear also. 
She recognized clothes, they were from her closet, and she bought all of that when Damon took her shopping. 
A note was attached to the left breast pocket of the blazer: "I look forward to seeing you in this". 
It was not signed, but Talia knew it was from Damon. She smiled when she saw blue shoes on the floor. He thought of everything. And it's matching. 
She hurried to get ready. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia entered the study and saw that Damon was talking to Maya and Caden. 
They were seated on chairs around the coffee table that was full of scattered documents. 
Talia didn't want to interrupt, so she stood on the side and waited for them to acknowledge her presence. 
Damon was neat in dark gray pants and a light gray shirt that fit him perfectly. Talia confirmed that he looks good in anything. 
He didn't wear a necktie, and the unfastened top button of his shirt gave him a less official vibe. 
The tight swell of the shirt over Damon's chest reminded Talia of the perfect landscape his body forms and she could feel her cheeks heating. Last night was not a dream! 
Damon's eyes moved over Talia in approval. She was wearing the outfit he prepared for her, and her hair was pulled up into a messy bun. Talia wanted to style it, but her knowledge of hairstyling was limited to a ponytail, a braid, and a messy bun. Since the first two seemed childish, and this is her first day at work, Talia opted for the bun. 
After exchanging morning greetings, Damon beckoned Talia to come closer. 
"We are nearly done with this. Until then…", he gave her a laptop. "This one is yours. The password is the date you came here. You can sit at my desk. Go through my email and sort it based on urgency. If there is anything important, I want to check it before breakfast." 
Normally, Damon starts his workday super-early with a cup of coffee, and he has breakfast later. Since Talia arrived at the Dark Howlers pack, Damon was starting his work later (if he worked at all), and the piled-up work showed it. 
Talia accepted the laptop apprehensively. "How do I know which ones are urgent?" 
"You will know. I trust your judgment." He ended with a wink. 
Talia liked that he said he trusts her, but at the same time, it was a lot of responsibility. 
She wondered if she will be able to do a good job. What if she messes up? 
Which one will be worse? If she gives him something non-important as urgent and he wastes time, or if he doesn't see a serious issue in time because of her ignorance? 
"You will do fine." 
Damon's words pulled Talia out of her thoughts, and she wondered, how did he know she was doubting herself? 
Talia was surprised to see that the laptop was set up to sync Damon's emails, and there was an account created for her also. 
Talia perked up. With her personal email address, she can contact Axel, Mindy, Maddox, and also Axel's Beta and Gamma, Kai and Tyler. Those five people gave her their contact information, yet she had nothing to give in return. Now is different. 
Talia's mood dropped when she saw that Damon's email alias is DamonBlake, while the one she got is TaliaBlake. 
How on Earth is she supposed to contact anyone with this email? 
It's one thing when Damon calls her Mrs. Blake in private, but this is ridiculous! 
Talia felt like crying. Why would he give her an email that she can't use? 
She swallowed her grievances and told herself to focus on the task Damon gave her. Later, she can ask him to change this email nonsense. 
Talia noticed that she can mark every email with flags. She would put red flags on the urgent ones, orange flags on the ones that are so-so, and green and blue on the ones that are just information sharing related to the Dark Howlers pack or outsiders. 
"What's your progress?", Talia jumped when Damon's voice sounded close to her ear. 
When did he get there? And why was he so close? 
"Almost done.", she said while looking sheepishly in the direction where Maya and Caden were. 
"Does anything stand out?", he asked. 
Talia told herself not to overthink it. He is so close so that he can read from her screen. That's all. 
"There are these few marked in red, I think are important… and this one requires your response by end of the day…", she said while opening the last email for him to see. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow while reading, "Future Alpha of the Lightclaw pack is having a party to introduce his Luna." 
Damon's words got Maya's and Caden's attention. 
"Anthony's Luna?", Maya asked. "Is it…?" Her words trailed when she saw Damon shaking his head. 
"It says that her name is Kalina.", Damon said. "I'm sure that Stephanie will know more about it." 
Maya and Caden exchanged concerned glances. 
Stephanie didn't talk much about her daughter's love life, but they all know that Lisa is (or is it better to say, Lisa WAS) dating Anthony for several years. If he is announcing someone else as his Luna, that girl is probably his fated mate, and he broke up with Lisa. 
"When is the party?", Caden asked. 
"In two days.", Talia responded. 
Caden looked at Damon questionably. "Are you going? Should I postpone my traveling plans?" 
"We are on good terms with Lightclaws and it would be rude not to go. But there is no need for you to postpone your schedule. This is not business, it's just a party. We will go on the day of the party and return one day later." 
Caden glanced at Maya. If Damon rejected Caden, and spoke as 'we', then... "Will you take Maya with you?" 
"No. Maya has a lot of work here.", Damon said and looked at the oblivious girl next to him. 
"I will go with Talia." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 137 - First Day At Work (cont.)
Talia's smile stiffened, making it crooked like it was drawn by a toddler. 
Did Damon say that he will take her with him to another pack? To an official party? 
There will be other Alphas and important people! How can she go? She has no idea what to wear or how to apply makeup or how to behave, she will only embarrass herself and Damon. 
What about she-wolves who will want to throw themselves at Damon? Is he expecting Talia to fend them off or to stand on the side and watch as Damon gets lovey-dovey with some other woman? 
Or maybe… "You want me to go as your assistant?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "You are going as my date." 
Talia's eyes widened to the point of forming perfect circles. 
"What if someone from the Red Moon pack is there? What if they recognize me?" 
Damon shrugged, indicating that it's not a big deal. "We will go with the story that you grew up with your grandparents before joining the Dark Howlers pack. Even if someone recognizes you, no one will dare to touch you." 
Caden had his concerns, and he blurted out, "Are you sure that's wise?" 
Damon shot him a glare. "There is no reason for Talia to hide. She is coming with me." 
Talia had mixed feelings about this. She liked the idea that she doesn't need to hide, but at the same time, appearing in public with Damon will attract a lot of unwanted attention. 
But… would she want to be with anyone else in public? 
The unstable Alpha smells of the forest and the dark chocolate, and even though he makes her all jittery inside, it's undeniable that with him she feels safe. 
Talia decided not to overthink it. It's not like she can influence this anyway. If Damon says that she will go with him, she will go with him. Period. 
Damon is an Alpha and she can't refuse him. 
More than just an Alpha, he is the man who took her out of that dingy attic and gave her a new home, and thanks to him she experienced many wonderful things like a nice room, a soft bed, a full belly, a festival, a hug, a kiss, and she was painfully aware that she couldn't say 'no' to Damon, even if she wanted because she fell for him like an idiot. 
If Damon went to that event without Talia, she would miss him and wonder if any woman seduced him. She wouldn't believe it for a moment that he would sleep alone. On the other hand, if Damon took anyone else, her heart would ache so… this is for the best. 
With those thoughts, Talia focused on sorting the rest of Damon's email. 
Damon didn't want to separate from Talia, and his first thought was to reject the invitation. However, this could be a good opportunity to introduce Talia to the circle without much pressure. If he announces that she is his future Luna, everyone will scrutinize her. Like this, Talia will get a chance to attend the event lowkey. 
Caden pressed his lips into a line. He knew that he was crossing the line, but with Alpha Richard asking around about Talia and Damon being seen with Talia at the festival, and now this party… 'Did you forget that others are looking for Talia?', Caden asked through the mind-link. 'Aren't you inviting trouble?' 
'Is it unusual for an Alpha to have a girl by his side?', Damon responded with a question. 'I had so many women around me and they are all alive and doing well. By hiding Talia, it will only be more suspicious. Besides, if I can't protect her, no one can.' 
'You will go openly with Talia? Will you announce that she is your mate?', Caden asked. 
'In due time. I want to find the right timing to tell her first. Until then, as long as I don't reveal that Talia is my mate, she won't be targeted.' 
Damon knew that the clock is ticking, but he wanted to make sure Talia trusts him. 
Part of Damon regretted not telling Talia they are mates at the moment they saw each other. OK, maybe not during their first encounter (because of the situation where Marcy was sucking him off), but the second time in the kitchen, or maybe when he found her in the attic would be a good opportunity to tell her something like, "Girl, you are my mate, and you are coming home with me". 
Unfortunately, at that time, Damon was not ready to accept the bond and he missed that chance. 
Since that boat sailed away, now it won't matter if he tells Talia in one day or a week, because other than worrying if she will freak out due to the information that she is the rightful Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, there is also a concern that she will blame him for concealing that fact from her. 
Damon was confident that his best option is to make Talia fall for him completely and to trust him enough to not run away, and then he will tell her everything. 
Ah, only if Talia's wolf is present, Talia would know they are mates and feel the bond and Damon wouldn't need to worry about any of this. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maya and Caden went to finish packing because Caden was due to depart on his weeklong assignment shortly after breakfast, leaving Damon and Talia in the study. 
"AHHH!", Talia screamed when Damon suddenly scooped her from the chair she was sitting on. She was almost done with sorting the emails. 
Damon sat on the chair and placed Talia on his lap. 
It's an extra-wide executive chair, and so spacious that they could sit side-by-side. 
"What are you…", her voice trailed away when she saw his mischievous smirk directed her way. 
"You are not fulfilling your duties, Mrs. Blake." 
"Which ones?", Talia asked helplessly. 
"I didn't get my morning kisses." 
"What morning kisses?", Talia mumbled. "I woke up, and you were gone." 
"Did you miss me, kitten?" 
Did she miss him? Of course, she did. Will she tell him that? Absolutely not. 
But Talia couldn't lie either, so she lowered her head to avoid his inquisitive gaze. 
Thanks to the mate bond, Damon was able to read her like an open book. He could feel her emotions and he knew that she missed him and that she was embarrassed to open up. 
"It will not happen again.", he said. 
Talia didn't get it. "What?" 
"There was work I needed to settle early while Caden is still here, and I didn't want to wake you. Going forward, I will not leave the bed without you." Damon inched closer and spoke in a low voice. "Like that, you can give me my morning kisses in bed, without your panties." 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath. Here it is. It's the shameless Damon that made butterflies go crazy in her stomach. 
He was cheeky and handsome, and he smelled nice and tasted even better, and Talia was confident how that combination must be illegal in some countries. 
Talia swallowed hard. "What makes you think that I will sleep without my panties?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her and smiled smugly. 
If she thought that he will allow her to snuggle with him in bed, with her private parts covered, after last night, she is gravely mistaken. 
Damon's resolve to move slowly was cracking anyway, and he was absolutely unwilling to move backward. Any progress they made, won't be nullified. 
His hand landed at the back of her head, pulling her closer to close those last few inches of space between them. 
Damon pecked Talia's lips once, twice, and then he hummed in satisfaction when she responded to his kisses. 
Her arms snaked around his neck and her fingers disappeared into his hair as she leaned into the kiss that was getting more heated by the second. 
His kitten was getting comfortable with the intimacy between them, and he loved it. He loved her. Every part of Talia was perfect. 
His hand slid lower from Talia's waist, and he gave her ass a squeeze. 
Talia moaned into his mouth and his cock lurched in response. 
'Fuck!', Damon cursed silently. He was not sure if it's because he was falling for Talia more by the day, or because their bond strengthened, but his body was reacting to Talia at an unimaginable rate, and he didn't know for how long he can control his urges to devour her completely. 
Yes, he is an Alpha with a high libido, but he was never so hard by only smelling or touching a clothed woman. Sure, a good kiss can get him going, but only halfway. 
However, Talia is different. 
She was driving him crazy, and he was aware that it's only a matter of time before he snaps and has his way with her. 
The scent of her arousal only made things worse, and Damon knew that even though Talia doesn't know they are mates, her body knows. There is no other explanation why a shy and inexperienced girl like Talia opens up completely the moment he touches her. 
The fact that she was responding to him with more intensity every time, gave Damon hope that her wolf is about to wake up. He really wanted her to feel the delightful sparks that make him feel alive. Soon. 
When he was close to reaching his limit, Damon broke the kissing frenzy and leaned his forehead on her shoulder. 
Both of them were breathing heavily and Talia held onto him firmly because she was dizzy and this time she really feared that she will fall down on her butt. 
"Damon?" 
"Hmm?" 
"Are you sure that I should accompany you to that party?" 
Damon lifted his head to look at her. "Do you want me to go with someone else?" 
Talia's eyes flashed in dejection. She wanted to point out how she might embarrass him, and not that he should pick someone else. 
Talia knew that Damon has many she-wolves ready to accompany him, but did he need to flaunt that fact? They were kissing until a minute ago, and she was still sitting in his lap! 
Damon kissed her chin. "Don't worry, kitten." He kissed her nose. "The only woman I want by my side is you." He kissed her chin again. "So... yes, I am sure that I want to go with you. Only you. Do you know why?" 
"Why?", she breathed. 
"Because you are mine and I am yours. Only yours." 
The unknown emotions swelled within Talia at the same time when Damon's lips pressed against hers, and she was back to fisting his hair as another kissing frenzy began. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 138 - An Unexpected Phone Call [Bonus ]
A phone call interrupted Damon's and Talia's make-out session. 
Damon groaned in frustration. Who is calling this early? It's not even time for breakfast! 
"Answer it, kitten.", Damon spoke into her lips before giving her another quick kiss. 
"Me?", Talia breathed while blinking herself into reality. 
"You are my assistant, so…" Damon pointed with his chin toward the phone that was on his desk. 
Talia wanted to stand up, but Damon's hold around her waist intensified, silently telling her to get that call from his lap. 
She gave up on fighting the stubborn Alpha and reached for the phone. As long as his hands behave, she can talk normally, and to be honest, she liked this proximity. 
Her hand halted an inch away from the phone. 
"What should I say?" 
Damon chuckled. She was adorable."How about… hello, this is Alpha Damon's office." 
Talia shot him a glare. Why is he making fun of her? It's her first time answering the phone. Ever! 
Actually, only once she spoke on the phone, and that was with Doctor Travis. At that time Talia used Stephanie's phone, and Cassie accused her of stealing and slapped her. Talia didn't want to think about that incident. 
She cleared her throat and picked up the call. 
"Hello…" Talia squeaked. She exhaled sharply and continued normally. "This is Alpha Damon's office." 
"Who are you?", male voice asked in confusion. 
"Uhm…", Talia stuttered. Should she say her name? Why would that matter? 
"My assistant.", Damon said in a low voice. Even without his Alpha hearing, Damon could hear what the other person was saying because Talia was sitting on his lap. 
"I'm Alpha Damon's assistant.", Talia said awkwardly. 
"I see…", the man said, his voice much more composed now. "I want to speak with Alpha Damon." 
"Ask who is it.", Damon said to Talia. 
"Who is this?" 
"Alpha Edward." 
Talia felt the air in the room suddenly becoming thin as images from her life before coming to the Dark Howlers pack flashed in front of her eyes. She spent nineteen years in the Red Moon pack, and she doesn't remember a single instance of talking to the man everyone addressed as their Alpha, yet now he was right there, on the other side of the line. 
What if he recognizes her? What if he already knows? What if he wants to take her away or cause trouble for Damon? 
"Alpha Edward?", Talia repeated robotically. 
"Yes.", he said sternly. "Alpha Edward. Alpha of the Red Moon pack." 
Talia was not sure at what point Damon took the phone away from her. 
Damon didn't want to talk to this guy. Why was he calling? 
Damon was looking at the phone with a sour expression. He would rather talk to Alpha Edward without Talia overhearing, but she was obviously frightened and if he sent her away, who knows what would she imagine? 
Damon pulled Talia to lean on him and he gently rubbed her back while talking to the phone. "Alpha Damon speaking." 
"Good morning, Alpha Damon!", Marcy's father greeted cheerfully. "I didn't know you have an assistant." 
"I do. She is still new, so forgive her if she offended you in any way." 
"If you need an assistant, you should hire someone capable and experienced. My Marcy…" 
"Thank you for your concern.", Damon cut him off. He really didn't want to talk about Marcy. "My girl is a fast learner. How can I help you? I assume it's something important since you are calling at this hour." 
"I apologize, I didn't realize it's this early. I wanted to remind you that my Marcy will come to visit you one week from now. I hope you will welcome her properly." 
Damon groaned in frustration as Talia's insecurities washed over him. 
He knew that Talia heard that. How is he going to explain this? Talia was making wonderful progress and if she shuts down again, Damon will blow a fuse. 
The truth is that the moment Maya told Damon how Marcy will not come for another nine days (and that was two days ago), Damon pushed the issue of his engagement-to-be (which is not happening) at the back of his mind. 
"Marcy will get the welcome she deserves.", Damon said stiffly to Alpha Edward. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon wanted to end the call with Alpha Edward quickly so that he can reassure Talia everything will be OK. 
"Is there anything else?", Damon asked. 
"There is one more thing…", Alpha Edward made a dramatic pause. "There are photos of you and another woman circulating." 
Damon didn't get it. "Another woman?" Which one? He was with so many of them. 
"Yes. A woman with whom you attended the Summer Solstice festival." 
Damon glanced at Talia. This was obviously about her. "So?" 
Alpha Edward's temper was rising. "Do I need to remind you that my daughter will come to your pack so that you can finalize engagement?" 
The hand that rubbed Talia's back stopped moving, and Damon asked icily, "What are you trying to say, Alpha Edward?" 
"No one can stop you from seeing any woman you want, but in order to save my daughter's face, you could be more discrete about it. This is advice from a concerned parent." 
Damon snorted. "Thank you for calling to give me parental advice. I might not have parents, but I can see the situation clearly. Since we are already talking, I want to use this opportunity to remind you that I am not engaged to your daughter and that we are not even dating, hence, I don't owe her or you anything. If she spread rumors that there is anything going on between us and she is offended by the fact that I'm seeing someone else, that's her problem." 
Alpha Edward's insides were boiling from anger. "What do you mean, you don't owe her anything?" 
"Exactly what you heard, Alpha Edward. Marcy plans to come here in one week. If she comes, at that time we will discuss how we will proceed from there. Until then, if she thinks that we are in a relationship, I suggest that she joins all other girls who are sharing similar delusions. We might be apart, but I am watching her. A Luna should act like Luna all the time, regardless of her company. I hope you will keep that in mind." 
Alpha Edward took a few deep breaths to calm down. He remembered Marcy's words. This is Damon doing his thing before he gets committed to his Luna. Actually, if the Luna in question is not Marcy, Alpha Edward wouldn't care about Damon seeing other women. 
'One week. One week.', Alpha Edward chanted silently. He stabilized his mood and asked, "Will you attend the Luna announcing ceremony at the Lightclaw pack in two days?" 
"Yes. How about you?" 
"Of course.", Alpha Edward said. "I was thinking about bringing Marcy so that you can…" 
"Thank you, Alpha Edward.", Damon cut him off. "I have a date." 
"What? Who?" 
"You will find out in time. I hope you won't embarrass me or my date by causing a scene because the fact is that there is nothing between me and your daughter. If Marcy's only agenda is to be with me, I suggest she sits out this event because I won't be available to entertain her. Is there anything else?" 
Alpha Edward ended the call after mumbling a goodbye. 
Damon kept the phone on the table and cradled Talia in his arms. 
He buried his face in the crook of her neck and inhaled deeply her citrusy sweet scent of freesia. He needed to calm down, and the fact that Talia was hugging him with her head on his shoulder, helped. 
Damon thought about this party as an opportunity for Talia to get a glimpse of the circle, and he totally forgot about Marcy and her greedy father. 
With this phone call, Damon realized that Elders will also be present as well as his enemies, and that will be another challenge to face. 
But Damon still wanted to go with Talia because no one else will do, and if he goes without Talia, it will cause cracks in their fragile relationship. 
Damon's priority above all was to gain Talia's trust, and for that, he needed to show her that he will always be by her side, regardless of the setting. He was ready to fight against anyone who comes for them with bad intentions, but he wanted to know that she won't run away. 
Talia was his other half, an essential part of him, and if anyone dared to take her away or harm her, Damon was ready to start a war because nothing made sense without Talia in his life, and only with her he was at peace. 
Sooner or later, Talia's existence will be revealed and even though Damon hoped to give her as much time as possible until she finds out they are mates, he knew that the time is running out. 
If he can't have Talia as his Luna, he won't need the pack either. 
Talia clung onto Damon without a word spoken. 
She heard every word from that phone call. 
Talia was relieved that this was not about her (other than the mentioning of a mysterious girl from the festival), but the news that the Alpha family from the Red Moon pack will attend the party where she will go with Damon, and Marcy coming here in one week, caused Talia emotional turmoil. 
Talia was trying to think about this and calm down, but her mind was a mess and the only things preventing her from getting lost in panic were Damon's firm embrace and his soothing scent of the forest and the dark chocolate. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 139 - Getting Ready For Training
In Damon's study... 
Talia was sitting in Damon's lap and his arms were firmly around her. 
They were both thinking about Damon's talk with Alpha Edward and how it impacts them. 
"Kitten…", Damon broke the silence. "Are you alright?" 
Damon was aware she was a nervous wreck, but he had to start the conversation somehow. 
Instead of answering his question, Talia asked, "What if Marcy comes to the event?" 
"I don't think she will, but if she does, I won't let her touch you. Do you trust me?" 
Talia exhaled a shaky breath. "Yes." She really did, but... "What if she recognizes me and it causes issues to you or the pack?" 
"I don't think she will recognize you. You look nothing how you did when you were at the Red Moon pack.", Damon said honestly. "But on an off chance she figures out your identity, let me handle it. And one more thing…" Damon paused. "Marcy is planning to come here in one week. I want you to know that I have no plans of making her my Luna and we are working on creating a case so that she doesn't come here at all." 
Talia heard what Damon and Alpha Edward said, and she assumed that Damon will avoid mentioning Marcy's visit. 
Damon bringing up this topic openly was unexpected, in a good way. It made Talia feel like they are a team. She liked that. 
"You don't need to explain. I know." 
Damon was surprised. "You know?" 
Talia picked up bits and pieces from Damon, Caden, Maya, Stephanie, and several others, how there are women who are trying to win Damon's favor and become his Luna by using their charms and connections, and that Marcy belongs to that group. Talia didn't know the details, but she was aware how those girls have impressive backgrounds, and that Damon can't reject them rashly without causing unimaginable chain reactions. 
Talia clearly remembered his words, "You said that Marcy won't be your Luna in this life or any next one. I believe you, Damon." 
Damon smiled. He said that in the attic of the packhouse at the Red Moon pack, shortly before he asked Talia to come with him. 
Damon nudged her cheek with his chin, and Talia lifted her head. She met Damon's icy-blue eyes which stared at her in awe. 
"Thank you for remembering that.", Damon said. "And thank you for your trust." 
"More than remembering your words, I am watching your actions. As long as you don't give me a reason to doubt you, I will not leave." 
"And if you doubt me, you will give me a chance to clear up the misunderstanding. Right?", Damon reminded her. That was the deal they made. 
"IF it's a misunderstanding." 
Damon frowned and pinched her nose. "If you doubt my sincerity, it's a misunderstanding." 
"How can you be so certain?" 
"Because only you get to call yourself Mrs. Blake. Now give me more kisses because I still didn't have my fill for the morning…" He puckered his lips. 
Talia rolled her eyes. Damon was back to being playful. 
"Isn't it time for breakfast?", Talia asked. 
"Not yet. Steph will mind-link me when it's ready. Until then…" 
Instead of finishing his thought, Damon's hand landed at the back of Talia's head, pulling her closer and he was delighted that Talia returned his kisses with equal fervor after a moment of hesitation. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Caden was ready to depart after breakfast. 
He was driving to the Blue River pack with two warriors accompanying him, and Talia and Damon stood at the door of the packhouse and watched as Caden and Maya hugged and kissed like Caden was going on a suicidal mission to save humanity. 
Damon had a strange mix of iciness in his eyes a smirk at the edge of his lips which showed how he loved and hated the scene at the same time. 
Damon loved that Maya was already getting a taste of her own medicine. She was feeling desperation at the thought that Caden will be out of her reach. 
And Damon hated that it reminded him of his rage when he saw Talia with that drunkard in the Shifters nightclub, and the excruciating pain that pulled Damon out of the meeting with Alphas which ended only when he found Talia with Keith next to the lake, and his helplessness as he watched Talia on the playfield with all those sweaty soccer players around her. None of those would happen if Maya didn't meddle. 
Talia couldn't look at Caden and Maya making out like there is no tomorrow, so she decided to ask Damon, "What's next?" 
Damon knew that this was his adorable assistant Talia asking. "I will go through emails that you so well organized, and you can use that time to read the book Travis gave you. Once I have something for you to do, I will let you know." 
Talia's face lit up. It seems that this assistant work is easier than she thought it will be. Other than a boatload of kisses before breakfast, she even got time to read the book. But there was one more thing… "I have training with Keith later." 
Damon smiled mysteriously. "Coach Keith sent me your schedule. Don't worry, you won't miss your training." 
Talia nodded happily. In this way, she will not skip anything she wants to do. Other than cooking. But she can spend some time in the kitchen on the weekends when Damon is taking it easy with work. Perfect. 
If she ignored the sad parting between Caden and Maya and the nerve-wracking call from Alpha Edward, this day had a promise of being overall awesome. 
… 
Just as Damon promised, Talia got nearly two hours of studying when he called her with, "It's time for your training." 
Damon led the way up to the third floor and Talia paused at the sight of Damon's huge walk-in closet. 
What the…? 
"Change into clothes for exercise.", Damon said while removing Talia's blazer. And it's not that he just removed it, but he also kept it neatly on the hanger and then he moved to the right side of the closet and started unbuttoning his shirt. 
Talia was too confused by the situation to notice Damon undressing right next to her. 
She stood in the middle of a massive closet that was bigger than the room where she spent years, in the attic of the packhouse at the Red Moon pack. Dark brown shelves lined the walls and there were bars for hangers with clothes, drawers, and even narrow shelves for shoes. In the middle was a massive standalone mirror and a long leather bench, but the most shocking out of all that was that the left side of the closet had her clothes. 
When did that happen? 
"Why are my clothes here?", Talia asked while opening the drawer only to see her underwear, neatly folded, with matching bras and panties together. 
Damon chuckled. "You said that this can't be our room while your things are across the hallway, so…" 
Talia's mind stuttered. 
At that time, she was confident that Damon was teasing her, but this… Wait! What if he is still teasing her but his idea of a joke is much more elaborate than her imagination could stretch? 
Talia jolted out of her thoughts when she felt Damon's heat on her back. 
His arms were already around her waist, keeping her in place. 
"I told you, kitten, I won't lie.", his words splashed on her ear. "I never lied to you and the only thing I expect from you is to give me enough time to prove that." 
Talia's hair was lifted into a high bun, exposing her neck, and Damon couldn't resist the temptation to kiss her right there. 
Talia's body shook when she felt his lips at the base of her neck, and his teeth grazing her skin sent electric bolts through her body that shot straight to her core. 
Damon groaned when the scent of her arousal reached him. 
"Damn it, kitten. At this rate, you won't get to do any training." 
That didn't mean she wouldn't exercise, but the exercise he wanted was without clothes, just the two of them, merged into one. 
Talia let out a shaky breath when his lips latched onto her neck, and his hands caressed her body, disheveling her clothes further with each stroke. 
This was so inappropriate, yet she couldn't stop leaning into him, wanting more. 
"Damon…", she called breathily when she felt him lifting her skirt. "This… Training... We shouldn't… Ah…" Her words ended with a moan when he bit her ear while growling lowly. 
Her mind was a mess, and she moved her arms backward to hold onto him, only to realize that he was not wearing any shirt. She wanted to turn and hug him, but he didn't allow her to move. 
"Stay still, kitten…", he breathed heavily. 
Damon wanted to touch her everywhere, but he was also aware that he was reaching his limit. It was an internal struggle of wanting more and keeping in mind that he should take it slow. 
But how on Earth was he supposed to take things slow when his mate was releasing all those sweet moans and letting him do as he pleases? And it was more than just letting him have his way, she was responding to him wonderfully. 
Damon was painfully aware that the little woman in his arms is his to mold and if he gives in to his urges to devour her, he might break her and ruin the progress he made so far. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 140 - Getting Ready For Training (cont.)
Damon sat on the leather bench with Talia on his lap, facing away from him. 
Her skirt was bunched around her waist and most of the buttons of her shirt were undone. 
Their current position allowed Talia to see Damon's legs between hers, and she realized that he changed clothes and was now wearing only black training shorts. Damon spread his legs, forcing hers to open widely. 
Talia wanted to lean forward, but Damon bit her neck, forcing her to stay on him. He didn't pierce her skin, but the sharp pain radiated through her body, each pulse morphed in pleasure and Talia gasped. 
His every move made her body hum and come alive like never before. 
Talia felt like she is close to falling apart, yet she didn't want him to stop. 
"Oh, God…", she called breathily when he pinched her nipple without removing her bra. 
His other hand quickly made its way between her legs, and he rubbed her down there over her drenched panties. The wretched fabric was in the way, and he pushed it on the side. 
His fingers trembled at the initial contact with Talia's hot and sleek flesh as electrifying sparks shoot up his arm and his cock lurched painfully in response. 
"Fuck!", Damon cursed under his breath. This mate bond will make him die from arousal! 
He pushed her bra up and his hand got unobstructed access to her breasts. 
Talia's mind was a mess as Damon invaded her body in the most delicious ways possible. 
His mouth was moving over her exposed neck and shoulder; kissing, licking, sucking, biting… his left hand was on her breasts, taking them in turns and caressing, kneading, twisting, pinching… and his right hand was at the cradle of her thighs; gliding, pressing, teasing, flicking… Every part of Damon's body moved in sync, making Talia give up on reasoning and any thoughts of propriety. 
Talia moaned wantonly between gasps for air, and she was not sure what to do with her hands. She lifted them up, searching for Damon's head until she laced her fingers into his hair. 
"Ah…", she let out a lewd sound when his finger slipped inside her tight entrance and her hips started moving on an instinct, responding to his touch and asking for more. 
Damon groaned when he felt her bottom rubbing against him. He was throbbing hard and situated between her buttocks that applied rhythmical pressure which came with electrical sparks. 
He couldn't believe this. Is he going to come just from this light friction her ass provided? It will be uncomfortable if he releases his load inside the shorts, but he didn't have time to think about this because he had to focus on Talia. 
Damon decided to make her touch heaven and he will take a cold shower later or help himself because he didn't want to freak her out. 
He really wanted to hear Talia call his name. 
"Say my name, kitten…", he growled into her ear, and even with all the stimulation he provided, those words gave her goosebumps. 
"Da… Damon…", Talia breathed, and Damon hummed in approval. It sounded more erotic than he thought it will. 
"Again!", he demanded. 
Talia opened her mouth, but only a moan came as the electrical charges in her body reached the critical point. 
She moved with less restraint, asking for more. Faster, harder, more Damon. 
"Ah… ah…", she gasped and made some unintelligible sounds as her body started trembling and she leaned on Damon backward completely. 
She was absolutely at his mercy and somehow she didn't mind that, not even a little bit. 
"Damon…", Talia's breath was choppy, and he groaned in response while increasing the speed of his finger that thrust inside her and he pressed harder on her clit with the base of his palm. 
"Damon… Damon…", she chanted like a prayer, her voice mixed with the squelching that his hand created as his finger moved in and out of Talia. 
She was hot and wet and welcoming and Damon really wanted to yank his shorts down and use his cock in place of his middle finger. 
Yes, she was tight, but all those juices will provide good lubrication. Just the thought of burying himself deep inside her made him nearly lose his mind. 
No. It's too early. She is not ready. 
But maybe... just a little bit. 
Damon curled his finger, touching some secret spot that made Talia's stomach tense for an endless moment before she exploded in ecstasy. 
"Ah... Ugh... Oh... Damon...", she breathed. 
"Fuck, Talia!" Damon was a mess himself. 
Her insides pulsated around his finger, squeezing him tightly, and he could literally feel her orgasm washing over him and he thrust his hips, grinding himself between her buttocks, knowing that his release is just around the corner. 
Sensing that this won't be enough, Damon pushed Talia to bend forward, and he reached into his shorts with the same hand that was drenched in Talia's juices and started pumping. 
In a few seconds, Damon groaned while shooting his load on Talia's shirt that was draped loosely over her back. 
Damon couldn't believe it. He really came just like that. Even as an inexperienced teen he needed more stimulation than this. 
It's a good thing that he didn't give in to the temptation of using his cock instead of his finger, otherwise he would embarrass himself. 
What if Talia thinks that he suffers from premature ejaculation? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon looked at Talia's shirt that was now ruined. 
The good thing was that he won't need a cold shower. The bad thing was that he had no idea how to explain what happened to her shirt. He knew that she was inexperienced, but he was not sure how much. 
"Are you OK?" 
Talia's question caught him by surprise. 
He was sitting stiffly behind her in silence, and she got worried. Did she do something wrong? 
Talia realized that this was the second time he did something like this to her, and it was fantastic. Was he expecting that she touches him in return? She wouldn't know from where to start. 
She was still facing away from him, sitting on his thighs, and he quickly tucked his erection back into his shorts. Yes, he released some of the built-up pressure, but he was still hard and ready. It seems that with Talia, it's never enough. 
Damon cleared his throat before responding. "Yeah. I'm fine…" Better than fine. "But your shirt is messed up." 
Talia was not sure why her shirt would be messed up and she didn't feel like asking. Her mind was still floating in the aftermath of her orgasm and she was incapable of complex thoughts. 
When Talia didn't say anything, he spoke again. "Let me help you remove it. Don't worry, I will get you another one." 
After tossing Talia's shirt on the side, Damon pulled Talia to lean on him. 
"How are you doing?", he asked. 
Talia let out a long exhale while assessing her shaky legs. "Can you tell Keith that I already exercised? I don't think I can go on a treadmill now." 
Damon chuckled. "Rest a bit and you will be like new. I don't want you to miss your training." 
Damon had no intention of telling her that he removed Keith from the position of Talia's personal trainer. She will find out about it eventually. 
Talia pulled her bra back into the original position, to cover her breasts, and Damon helped her move so that she can lean on him sideways. 
It took her a moment to realize that she was relaxing on top of Damon, wearing only underwear (the skirt bunched around her waist didn't count for much), and she didn't hate it. She was leaning against his bare chest, his solid arms were around her, his breath seeped into her hair, just above her ear… and it felt natural. 
The only uncomfortable thing was her wet panties, but she didn't complain about that because she wanted to enjoy this silent intimacy for a bit longer. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 141 - Coach Keith Is Busy [Bonus ]
Talia was sitting on Damon's lap and relishing the feeling of his firm arms around her. 
They were on a bench in the closet, yet she felt content like they are in the most romantic place on Earth. 
Her sight moved to the left side of the closet, and she smiled a little. The willful Alpha really moved her clothes into his room. Doesn't this mean that they are living together? Officially. 
"Are only my clothes here, or…?", Talia's voice trailed, and she waited for Damon to respond. 
"Your toiletries are in the bathroom and everything else is on the sofa in the sitting area, waiting for you to find its place.", he responded, and she could hear that he was smiling. 
"Does that mean that the room across the hall is unused again?", Talia asked. 
Damon hummed in confirmation while thinking how that could be the perfect nursery. Yup, he will impregnate Talia and that room will belong to their son or daughter, just how it was his when he was a child. 
But he didn't want to tell that to Talia now. It was too soon and she would either not believe him or freak out. 
There was another thing he wanted to say. 
"Later today, another desk will arrive in my office so that you can have your workspace in OUR office." 
Yes, there were plenty of unused rooms in the packhouse that could turn into Talia's study, but Damon wanted to have her in his visual range, so… this will work. 
Talia looked at him and blinked. "What if you have an important meeting?" Will he chase her away then? 
Damon smiled and shook his head. "I have no secrets from you, kitten." Other than them being mates, but he will tell her that. Soon. 
Talia's heart swelled, rejecting any sprouting negativity. She didn't want anything to ruin this happiness that came with a sense of belonging. 
Yes, this bliss is temporary, but is there anything in life that's forever? No. 
Talia's arms circled around him, and she sank further into the comfort of Damon's embrace while telling herself that right now, this moment with Damon is perfect and it's enough. It has to be. 
Damon kissed her temple and Talia let out a satisfying sigh. 
He could feel that Talia lulled herself into peaceful enjoyment and he was happy about it. 
This was the most skin-to-skin contact they had so far, and he relished all the sparks that penetrated into his system, urging him to get closer. 
Talia was his drug. 
Damon realized that what he felt for Talia was not an ordinary love. She was the center of his world, and he didn't remember how he survived before Talia entered his life. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon held Talia's hand and led the way down the hallway of the main floor of the packhouse. 
Talia was distracted by his body that was covered only with a tank top and training shorts. Damon's physique is impressive and no matter how much she sees the tight landscape of his muscles, it's never enough. 
When Damon opened the last door on the right, Talia understood why he asked her to wear clothes for exercise. 
The room had two walls covered with mirrors, and there were two treadmills, two rowing machines, two ellipticals, two benches with weights on the side, two sandbags, and an area with an exercising mat. 
All machines were facing a wall that had mirrors and big television, just below the ceiling. 
"I didn't know that the packhouse has a gym.", Talia said. 
Damon smirked mysteriously. This was not a gym before yesterday. 
He ordered Omegas to set up this room as soon as he realized that Keith is Talia's personal trainer. 
Damon has no issues with Talia training, but he won't allow that wretched coach anywhere near Talia and those horny werewolves (aka his pack members) are not worthy of watching Talia's scarcely dressed form. 
Talia looked around before turning to Damon with a smile. "This is fantastic." And very convenient. Like this, she doesn't need to go to the training center, and she can shower nicely in her room. 
Talia's thoughts halted when she realized that she is now staying in Damon's room. 
He didn't move into his room only her clothes, but her toiletries, the flowery garland that she is drying for him, the Cinderella book, and even Blackie and Cinna are now in Damon's room. 
Talia wondered, why was Blackie on the sofa while Cinna was on the floor? But she just assumed that Cinna fell accidentally because whoever transferred things didn't pay attention. 
While thinking about the new living arrangements, Talia smiled because this confirmed she will sleep with Damon every night, and she could imagine them doing their morning routine side-by-side in the bathroom. 
Will they share a toothpaste? 
Ah! Will they shower together? 
Well, considering what Damon did to her in the closet earlier, it's only a matter of time before they get frisky under the shower. Talia's cheeks heated at that thought. 
She forced herself to focus on the present. 
Gym. 
Training. 
"Will Keith come here to train me?" 
Damon looked at Talia's bashful expression while asking about Keith and his mood worsened. 
"I will train you.", Damon said stiffly. "Coach Keith is busy." 
Talia didn't get it. "Busy with what?" 
"The whole soccer team left for a month-long survival training in the mountains. As their coach, Keith is with them." 
Damon thought that maybe he overreacted by sending them all to live for a month in harsh conditions, but after seeing Talia's expression, he regretted not making it longer. 
The moment Damon received Keith's detailed plan on training Talia, Damon informed Keith that he has one hour to pack a backpack of necessities and wrap up any loose ends before going for a month-long training. 
"Oh…", a sound escaped Talia's lips and she frowned while thinking that just yesterday she saw Keith in the training center, and he didn't mention anything. 
Damon couldn't handle the jealousy that bubbled inside him. 
"Tell me, Talia… do you miss him that much?" 
Talia didn't get it. "What?" 
Damon walked to her in slow steps, and she couldn't look away from his icy-blue orbs that locked her in place. 
That was not Damon she knew. 
That was a vicious predator stalking his prey. 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air while wondering what possessed him this time. 
"Coach Keith…", Damon said in a dangerously low voice. "You seem to like spending time with him. Are you sorry that you won't see him for a month?" 
Talia was not sure how to respond to this. Does she like spending time with Keith? "He is a nice guy, and my trainer and…" 
Damon's face darkened and Talia realized something. 
"Are you jealous?" 
"Of Keith? Don't joke like that." Damon had no intention of admitting it and Talia calling him out took him by surprise. 
No one EVER called him out like that. 
Damon denied it, but somehow, Talia knew he was lying. 
Her heart swelled at the thought that this was not an intimidating Alpha. This was an insecure one. 
Talia couldn't believe that a guy like Damon would be insecure about her. 
He is handsome, powerful, influential, confident, and she is none of that. But then… Damon is a werewolf, and they tend to claim things (and people) and it's not unusual to hear about a fierce fight over a favorite t-shirt. 
Something inside Talia stirred, urging her to comfort him. 
Talia closed the distance between them and gingerly wrapped her arms around Damon. 
"Didn't you say that I'm yours?", Talia asked in a small voice. "I remember you saying how you had many firsts with me. I can say the same about you. I gave you my first kiss. How could I be thinking about any other man?" 
All negativity dissipated from Damon in an instant, and he hugged her back with urgency. 
This was the first time for Talia to initiate a hug and she kind of said that she is his. And she confirmed that he got her first kiss. 
"Mine. Don't forget that.", he mumbled into her hair, and she nodded in agreement. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 142 - Talk About Scent
After an unknown measure of time, Talia and Damon separated and they focused on why they came to the gym. Training. 
Talia was impressed to see how prepared Damon was. In a matter of minutes, he dispelled her doubts that he won't be able to train her as well as Keith. 
Talia wondered, is there anything Damon won't excel in? 
They started with stretching and then he put around her upper arm a device that will measure her vitals in real-time, similar to the one Keith put on her at the training center. 
Talia picked a movie to play on the TV and Damon set a timer for half an hour with, "We will start with thirty minutes-long sessions, and work our way up gradually. When the time is up, we will stop the movie, and continue during our next session." 
It was a day for building her stamina, so Talia started with the treadmill, and then she moved to the elliptical machine. 
All machines came in pairs, and Damon was exercising next to Talia, albeit at a much faster pace with more resistance and incline, but she enjoyed the company and the movie helped in distracting her from the ache that was swelling in her muscles. 
Other than exercising, Damon was occasionally taking notes on Talia's performance. 
They ended their session with another round of stretching that will prevent sore muscles. 
At some point, Talia stood straight and lifted her arms above her head, and Damon instructed, "Imagine there is something you want to reach, and you can almost touch it… almost. Get on your toes. Feel the stretch. Hold this for ten seconds. Don't forget to breathe." 
Talia closed her eyes and focused on breathing while counting slowly to ten. 
Damon looked at the little woman wearing only tight shorts and a sports bra, both red in color, and he swallowed hard a the sight of one bead of sweat that was sliding down her upper arm. 
Talia counted until seven when she jolted in fright. Something strange touched her armpit. 
Talia looked in disbelief at Damon who was standing right next to her, and she saw his tongue darting a bit. Did he just lick her there? 
"What did you do?" Talia asked while holding onto her violated armpit. 
Damon had no intention of denying it. "You taste amazing, kitten." 
Talia made a face. Amazing? She is sweaty, for crying out loud! 
Damon moved closer to Talia, and she took a step back on instinct. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "Am I repulsing because I'm sweaty?" 
Talia blinked at his enchanting visual. 
The tank top clung onto his muscular body like a second skin, but it was not unpleasant. Not even a little bit. 
She shook her head. 
"What is it then? Do I smell bad?", he continued probing. 
Talia frowned a little. How can he say that he smells bad? Damon always smells good, and the sweat somehow only increased his deliciousness, urging her to lick him all over and maybe take a bite as well. 
If Talia was not so shy, she would probably clean him completely with her tongue and he won't need to shower. 
He asked her about his scent, and she hesitated for some time before responding, "You smell like the forest and the dark chocolate." 
Damon paused. "That's very specific. Was your sense of smell always so good?" 
He assumed that her wolf is enhancing her sense of smell just like her superior eyesight. 
"No. It's only with you.", Talia admitted. 
Damon felt his heart racing. "What did you say?" 
Talia thought for a moment before responding. "I can distinguish scents of things and people, but with you is different." 
"How different?", Damon continued probing. 
"I know your scent in a crowd. It's much stronger than the others. It's like…" 
"Like?", he urged her to finish. 
"Like it's calling for me." 
Damon's face lit up. His scent is calling to her? Doesn't that mean she can feel the bond, at least to some extent? And if she can feel the bond, that means that her wolf is close! 
"Was that from the first time we met or did it start recently?", he asked excitedly. 
'From the first time we met?', Talia's mood fell. 
Isn't that when she saw him with princess Marcy between his legs? At that time, Talia was flustered by the scene in front of her and her survival instincts kicked in, and she fled. 
Did he really think that she will stop to sniff the air? Maybe he was enjoying the moment, but Talia feared for her life. 
"Uhm… Why does that matter? I'm sure that many she-wolves told you that you smell good." Of course, with so many women chasing after him, they must be attracted to his scent and not only to his good looks, power, or position. 
Damon saw that Talia's expression was changing and he swiftly pulled her in his embrace. 
He smiled when her arms wrapped around him in return. 
"This is the first time I heard that my scent is inviting someone. Werewolves have a keen sense of smell, but when you feel the attraction, it has a special meaning." 
Talia looked up at him, unsure where he was going with this. 
Damon had the word 'mate' at the tip of his tongue, but then he swallowed it back when he realized that Talia's mood is off. Did he do something? 
Damon was oblivious that his mentioning of the first time they met invoked for Talia mental images of him and Marcy. From Damon's perspective, he remembers Talia standing at the door and running away, and he completely filtered Marcy out from that memory. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Do you like my scent?", he asked. 
Talia nodded. 
He buried his face in the crook of her neck and took a deep breath. 
"I love your scent, kitten…", he murmured. "It's sweet and citrusy, and it reminds me of colorful flowers that my mother used to plant in the garden. Freesia. I can't say that your scent is stronger than the others, it's quite the opposite. If you are not nearby, I can't track you." 
Talia bit her lower lip guiltily. Should she tell him that it's because of the herbs she is taking? 
What if he tells her to stop taking them? 
That's her failsafe, in case she needs to hide or run away so that others can't track her. 
Why would she run or hide? She wanted to be with Damon, no matter how much it lasted, and no matter how many she-wolves were eager to get between his legs, like princess Marcy. 
But what will happen when Damon gets bored of Talia and finds someone else? Will he discard her or want to keep her as backup? Will she be willing to be his backup? What if…? 
Her thoughts were interrupted when Damon spoke again, "I am addicted to your scent." 
Talia's skin flashed in goosebumps when he licked her neck. 
"And I love how you taste, kitten." 
He licked her again and Talia fisted his sweaty tank top because her legs became wobbly. 
She didn't understand why her body reacted like that to him. 
Why were Damon's small acts of affection able to dispel her dark thoughts? 
She was absolutely defenseless in his embrace which had the power to shut down all the alarm bells that are normally always active in the back of her mind. 
It didn't make sense. Logically speaking, she should run away from the unstable Alpha as far as her legs carry her, yet her legs were willing to take her only to Damon. 
Damon let out a long breath and pecked her lips. 
"We should tidy up. Lunch will be ready in fifteen minutes…" 
Talia nodded in agreement. She knew that Stephanie mind-linked Damon about the food and Talia was not sure if she should be grateful for this interruption or not because something told her that if they continued, within minutes, she would be down on the exercising mat panting and moaning Damon's name. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 143 - Talk About Scent (cont.) [Bonus ]
When they reached the master bedroom after training, both Damon and Talia needed a shower. 
Talia was nervous while thinking that Damon will ask her to shower together. After all, they were sharing a room and a bed and Stephanie said that the lunch was in only fifteen minutes. 
Talia was getting panicky while wondering if she can go through it. It means that both of them will be naked, in a tight space… oh, gosh! 
"You go first, kitten. I need to take care of something first." 
Talia was sure that her ears malfunctioned. "Eh?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "Did you want us to shower toge…" 
"No, no!", Talia interrupted him and dashed into the closet to grab fresh clothes before going into the bathroom. 
Isn't this what she wanted? But why was she disappointed? 
Damon looked at the closed door of the bathroom with a complex expression. Should he join her? No. That can wait because there was a pressing matter. 
'Did you hear what Talia said about my scent?', Damon asked his wolf expectantly. 
Damon was itching to discuss this with his wolf from the moment Talia said how his scent is different from all others, but he didn't want to call out to his wolf when Talia is nearby because his wolf amplifies Damon's instincts, including the one to mark his mate. 
Damon was already craving for Talia, and with his wolf present, he was afraid that he might lose control and do something that will stain their budding relationship. 
Talia was opening up to him wonderfully and waiting a bit longer could be the difference between Talia loving Damon's mark on her and cringing whenever she sees it. 
'Yes', his wolf responded. 'I heard that.' 
'Doesn't this mean she can feel the bond?' 
'Maybe. But it doesn't give any guarantee that her wolf is waking up.' 
Damon knew that his wolf was interested in Talia's wolf the most. After all, only with Talia's wolf, their bond can be complete. 
Damon heard from several people (Caden included) that other than wolf identifying the mate, the scent and the sparks also play important roles. 
Damon had a wolf, and Talia's was unavailable. Damon could sense the sparks, and Talia couldn't. Talia could pick up Damon's unique scent and Damon could barely pick up Talia's. 
Is this the Moon Goddess's idea of a joke? 
But Damon's sense of scent is the best in the pack. He is the Alpha for a reason. Why was her scent so faint the moment there is some distance between them? 
Sure, when Talia was nearby, Damon was like an addict, craving for a whiff of her scent, but he clearly remembers how more than once he failed in tracking her. Alphas have extremely sharp senses, and Damon could track anyone… anyone other than Talia. 
All these uncertainties were driving Damon nuts. 
Damon wanted to talk to Travis about this. As a doctor and a werewolf, Travis should know a thing or two about these things. But how can he explain the situation without disclosing that Talia is his mate? 
'You can talk to Gideon.', his wolf said. 
Damon frowned. Gideon is the shaman of the Dark Howlers pack, and as much as Gideon is needed for the spiritual guidance of the pack members, in Damon's opinion, the old guy is full of gibberish. 
Shaman believes in the will of the Moon Goddess, karma, the power of prayer, magical crystals, and unseen energies, while Damon believes in things he can see and touch... you know, science. 
The relationship between Damon and Gideon is not simple. There is an enmity between them which started many years ago. 
When Damon's parents died, Damon stormed into the shaman's house and trashed it in rage. 
"If you are so powerful, why didn't you see the danger? Why didn't you save your Alpha and Luna? Why didn't you stop it!?" 
Gideon bowed his head in submission and didn't say a word while Damon demolished everything in sight. The old shaman knew that this was the way for the young Alpha to mourn the loss of his parents. 
It was a big scene because many pack members were gathered at Gideon's place, seeking guidance in times of uncertainty. 
Damon was helpless and angry, and his venting estranged him from Gideon and several other Elders of the pack who worked closely with Alpha and Luna. 
As Damon gained his footing as the Alpha without mending his relationship with the shaman, the pack members started distancing themselves from Gideon. No one dared to openly support Gideon when he was shunned by the Alpha. 
Gideon doesn't have children who would inherit his calling, and he had three disciples. However, due to the feud between Gideon and Damon, the three disciples left Gideon because they didn't want to risk their families being ostracized. 
And that is how the relationship between Damon and Gideon cooled to the point of them ignoring each other's existence. When they meet for some functions, they talk, but not more than absolutely necessary. 
Damon's wolf knew how Damon felt about the shaman, so he started throwing ideas, 'You can talk to Gideon with a pretense of you being unsure how to identify your mate. Tell him that the Elders are pressuring you to marry some random women, but you want to find your mate, and you suspect I'm flawed, so you want to know about other signals. He will support to have a fated mate as a Luna because that's what the Moon Goddess intended…' 
Damon thought that this might work. Maybe. 
Ah, he really didn't want to see that guy! There must be some other way because going to Gideon and asking for guidance is the same as asking for a truce. 
In the world of werewolves, the person who seeks a truce first is a loser. 
Damon's wolf snorted when he sensed that Damon was not willing to reach out to the shaman. 'You can wait until mate's overall condition improves and see if that will wake up her wolf. Or you can mark her, and your Alpha DNA will give her the necessary boost.' 
At that thought of marking Talia, Damon became hard instantly. 
Yes, marking is technically a bite where one injects his venom into the mate's system, but in order to commemorate the moment, loving couples do it while two bodies are connected as one passionately, and Damon really wanted to connect with Talia. 
'Marking her could give her a boost, or it can cripple her', Damon responded dejectedly while looking at the closed door of the bathroom. The sound of water running told him that Talia was in the shower. 
'And that's another thing you could discuss with Gideon…' 
Damon groaned in frustration. 
Maybe he can talk to Maya? With Caden gone, Maya is the only one who knows that Damon and Talia are mates. But… what can she tell Damon that he doesn't already know? 
Yes, there is Stephanie, and several other people, but Damon built a reputation for himself as someone who is not interested in relationships and is looking down on a mate bond and if he starts asking about it, it will be suspicious. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Damon?", Talia called with concern when she got out of the bathroom. 
Damon was sitting on the sofa with his hands over his face. He looked distressed. 
Damon raised his head and in a few quick steps, he was in front of Talia, pulling her in his embrace. 
"What are you doing?", Talia asked while squirming out of his hold. She was frustrated. His embrace was not forceful, yet she couldn't budge. Actually, it only made her rub on him more. 
"I just showered, and you are sweaty. Everyone will pick up your scent on me.", Talia cried. 
"That's fine.", Damon said. "Since your scent is barely noticeable, I will give you mine, so that I can find you when you are not in my sight." 
He noticed that Talia lowered her gaze and he quickly let her go. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you." 
Talia felt guilt washing over her. He did so much for her, yet she was keeping secrets from him. 
"About that…", Talia spoke, her voice barely above a whisper. "I am taking a mixture of herbs to suppress my scent." 
Damon sucked in a sharp breath. "What? Since when?" 
"Uhm… I don't know exactly. For years? You know how I lived at the Red Moon pack. I was able to move around the packhouse undetected because I learned not to make noise when I move, and I found this mixture to suppress my scent. When you brought me to the Dark Howlers pack and we walked through the forest the first time, I saw that herbs are available here and…" Talia's voice trailed at the sight of Damon's unreadable expression. "Are you angry?" 
Was he angry? "No, kitten. I am not angry." 
He was sad while thinking about what she went through before coming here, and proud that she managed to survive on her own without her wolf, and relieved that he finally uncovered the mystery of Talia's faint scent… but not angry. Definitely not angry. 
"Are you willing to share that mixture of herbs with me and my warriors? It would be useful to suppress one's scent when he is on a scouting mission." 
Talia's eyes widened in surprise. She thought that Damon will tell her to stop taking it or blame her for keeping that secret, yet he asked if she can share it with him. 
Talia never felt so accepted before. It was another first that she had with Damon. 
"OK.", Talia responded with a smile. 
Damon inched closer and pecked her lips. Once, twice… and then he groaned in frustration. "Lunch is ready. I need to shower…" He gave her one more quick kiss before heading to the bathroom with urgency. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 144 - A Temporary Patch Of Happiness?
Two days passed… 
"Good morning, kitten…", Damon greeted Talia the moment she stirred out of her sleep. 
"Good morning…", Talia mumbled back drowsily and snuggled next to him. 
Talia is used to Damon's topless proximity, and she doesn't mind sharing the bed with him while wearing only his t-shirt (without underwear). Damon's hands wander over her body occasionally, but he keeps the rest of him in check. 
Between working as Damon's assistant, studying, training, and steamy make-out sessions, the time is passing like a flash. 
It's the day of the Luna announcing event at the Lightclaw pack! 
Instead of being excited about this upcoming party, Talia wished that she can avoid it somehow. If they can stay in bed all day and cuddle, that would be perfect. 
Talia had no idea how much Damon was struggling against his urges to devour her completely. 
He wants to touch her everywhere and to do much more than touching, but at the same time, he wants to take things slow, at least until he finds a way to disclose they are mates. 
Unfortunately, no matter how much Damon was planning to set the mood and to stir the conversation in the right direction, with Caden gone, there was more workload, so he was busy, and the days passed faster than intended. 
The good thing in all this was that Talia was in Damon's visual range during the days, and they spent the nights holding each other. They were inseparable and he wouldn't want it any other way. 
Talia was aware that Damon was busy. She tried to help him how much she could, and when she couldn't, she read Travis's book and tried not to disturb Damon. 
Talia is almost done with the book and Damon promised to accompany her for another health checkup with Travis where she can also return the book and seek further guidance in learning about medicine. 
Damon kept his promise. No matter how much work he had, he wouldn't leave the bed until Talia woke up. 
He starts the day by demanding his morning kisses and cuddles, then they get ready for the day together and head to their office. It is THEIR office because Talia has her desk which is nearly identical to Damon's, and she has her chair and a laptop and a desk phone and everything. 
Their original plan for this day was to work in the morning and after lunch to head to the Lightclaw pack, but last night Damon decided on some changes. 
"After breakfast, you will go with Maya and Stephanie to a spa.", Damon informed Talia. 
Talia blinked. "A spa?" 
Damon hummed in confirmation. "In the evening, we will attend the party. I heard that girls go to a spa before such functions. It's a must." 
Talia exhaled helplessly. "I never went to such a place. I am already nervous about the party, and now you are adding a spa as well." 
Damon pushed a lock of hair from her face and looked at her lovingly. "There is nothing to be nervous about, kitten. Spas are for pampering and relaxing, so I want you to not think about work or studying or training. Use those few hours to unwind. It's in the human town and those people are paid to serve you and make you feel good. Maya and Steph will be with you." 
Damon also demanded all-female service, making a point that no guy gets to massage, beautify, or touch Talia in any way. 
"As for tonight, I won't leave your side. Treat this party as if it's just the two of us, and feel free to ignore everyone else. If anyone dares to give you a hard time or just look at you the wrong way, they will need to deal with me." 
Talia's heart swelled. 
So far, the unpredictable Alpha treated her kindly with respect, and she couldn't prevent herself from falling for him more by the minute. 
"Won't you join me in the spa?", Talia asked while drawing invisible patterns with her finger on his bare chest. 
Damon frowned a little. "Spas are not for men." 
"But I am going to miss you." 
Damon's heart skipped a beat. Did she just say what he thinks she said? 
In one swift move, Damon rolled them over, placing himself on top of Talia. 
"How about this, kitten…", Damon murmured. "I am going to kiss you thoroughly so that you can feel me on your lips until you return." 
"What if the feeling wanes sooner?" 
"Count every minute, and I will make it up to you when you come back." 
"With interest?", Talia asked cheekily. 
"With whatever you want." 
Talia's smile reached her honeyed eyes, and she welcomed Damon's morning kisses that made her toes curl. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia noticed Stephanie's absence during breakfast. 
After Talia waved goodbye to Damon and got in the car with Maya, she finally addressed the topic, "I thought that Stephanie will come with us." 
"Something came up and she had to leave." 
"I see…", Talia said. "I hope it's nothing serious." 
But if it was not serious, why would Stephanie leave on short notice? Stephanie was always in the packhouse, making sure there is food and that Omegas are performing their duties, and Talia couldn't imagine what would make Stephanie just leave. 
Maya saw that Talia was concerned and she said, "Don't worry, Talia. It's about Lisa." 
Talia didn't meet Lisa, but she was aware that Lisa is Stephanie's daughter. "Did something happen?" 
Maya was not sure how much to say. 
This was the third day of Caden's absence and Maya started suspecting that this is Damon's way of punishing her. 
The only reason why Maya was not a hundred percent certain that this was Damon's punishment was because this was not Damon's style. 
Damon is a straightforward guy. He either ignores problems or deals with them head-on while this was a tricky situation where Maya felt wronged, but there was nothing she could point her finger at. 
Just in case, since Caden left, Maya is keeping a super-low profile in an attempt not to poke the bear (aka the Alpha) and that also includes watching what she will say in front of Damon and Talia. 
"Is it a secret?", Talia asked when she saw that Maya was silent. 
"Not really. I guess you will find out sooner or later…", Maya paused before explaining, "Anthony, the future Alpha of the Lightclaw pack found his mate, and tonight you will attend her Luna announcing ceremony. What you don't know is that for the last few years, Lisa was dating Tony. Until he returned from his last trip with Kalina, Lisa hoped that she will be Tony's Luna." 
Talia's lips formed an 'O' as she realized. "So, Lisa is upset, and Stephanie went to comfort her." 
"Not just comfort her. This morning Steph got a call from her sister because Lisa was hysteric, and Steph went there with the intention to bring Lisa home. If Steph is successful, you will meet Lisa when you return tomorrow. Lisa is a good girl, about your age, I'm sure you will get along well." 
Talia frowned a bit. Did Maya just say that she will get along with a hysteric girl? 
"Will Stephanie force Lisa to leave the Lightclaw pack?" 
"I wouldn't use the word 'force', but yes.", Maya responded before quickly adding. "You need to understand that Lisa is obsessed with Tony and if she stays there, it's only a matter of time before she offends Tony or Kalina, and that will bring disaster. Alpha Magnus, Tony's father, is very traditional. Even if Tony wanted to mark Lisa as his mate, his father would not allow it because he believes that only if fated mate becomes Luna, the pack will prosper." 
Talia listened to all this with concern obvious in her face and Maya cursed internally while wondering if she let her mouth flap again. 
Was Talia drawing a connection between Tony-Lisa's story and Talia's situation with Damon? Probably. 
Maya scrambled to get herself out of this pickle. 
This would be so much easier if Talia knew that she is Damon's mate! But if Maya blurts that out, Damon will skin her alive! 
"Don't take it to heart, Talia. Lisa knew for more than a year that Tony won't make her his Luna because he was looking for his fated mate, just like other unmated Alphas…" Shit! Why did I say that!? "I mean… Your situation is nothing like Lisa's." 
Maya bit her tongue so that she stops blabbering. 
Talia let out a long breath. Is her situation like Lisa's? Of course, not. 
As much as Talia is in love with Damon, she never gave into the delusion that she will be his Luna. 
If Talia could have any wish in the world, she would wish that Damon is not an Alpha, and not that she can be his Luna. 
Talia accepted that whatever is going on between her and Damon is her patch of happiness, and she is grateful for it, no matter how temporary it is. 
"Don't worry, Maya. I'm fine." 
"You should be. I know Alpha Damon for years and I can tell you that he is different with you. He is not playing." 
Talia didn't want to talk about it. In the end, no matter what Damon feels about her, once he finds his mate, it will be over. 
Maybe he never finds his mate? Does he even need a mate in order to dump Talia? There are many other she-wolves who are better than she is. 
Talia shook those thoughts away. She shouldn't wish this for Damon. He deserves to find his mate and be happy, even if that means she will be heartbroken. 
Talia decided to change the topic. 
"I am anxious about the spa. I've never been into one. What should I expect?" 
Maya was happy to talk about anything other than Damon and mates. "First, we will undress and put fluffy robes on…" 
Talia listened with great interest about massages, facials, manicures, pedicures, scrubs, and cocktails. It all sounded fancy. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 145 - Teasing Damon [Bonus ]
Talia returned to the packhouse from her spa outing with Maya who was in a rush to change clothes and resume her duties. 
One refugee family was about to enter the territory of the Dark Howlers pack, and Maya was in charge of welcoming them, dealing with the paperwork, and helping them settle. 
Talia wanted to go with Maya and see how all that works, but she needed to prepare for her upcoming trip, so after bidding goodbye to Maya, Talia went up to the third floor, straight to her (and Damon's) bedroom. 
Talia dropped several purple bags full of cosmetic products on the floor before plopping on the bed. 
Yes, manicure, pedicure, massages, facials, and scrubs were relaxing, her skin was glowing, her nails were sparkly, and everything was fantastic while lasted, but now that she arrived home, Talia realized that she was drained, like someone sucked the energy out of her body. 
Without moving a muscle, Talia started thinking about packing. 
Luckily, Damon and Talia will return tomorrow, so other than toiletries and a dress for the party, she needs to pack one change of clothes and that's it. She will sleep in Damon's t-shirt, so there is not much to pack, and Talia estimated that she can collect all that into one pile in less than ten minutes. 
What about the suitcase? Damon should have a spare one. A little one will do. Maybe a backpack? 
A deep chuckle got Talia's attention. 
"Should I take this as, you enjoyed at the spa?" 
Talia lifted her head a bit to see Damon standing at the door of the closet. 
Damon was leaning on the doorframe lazily, wearing black pants that fit snuggly over his firm ass, and a light blue shirt with the top two buttons undone, giving her a glimpse of his toned chest. His icy blue eyes smiled at her and those few unruly raven-black strands that stood out of his otherwise perfectly groomed hair made him irresistible. 
Talia gaped at him. How can a man be so handsome? 
Damon was watching Talia with a half-smirk, starting with her hair that was spread on the bed around her head like a majestic crown. His sight paused on her honeyed eyes that were looking at him, and then he went down her lips, neck, collarbones, following her enchanting frame that was covered in a cream-colored short-sleeved summer dress that flared from her waist down all the way to her knees, and Damon was sure that he never saw a girl more beautiful in his life. And that was his mate. His. Only his. 
Talia was flustered. She was properly clothed, but his intense gaze made her feel naked. 
"Yeah, the spa was good.", Talia responded when she found her voice. "It was relaxing and now I only feel like lazing." 
"Feel free to. I'm almost done packing and there is time until lunch.", Damon said. 
Talia rolled her eyes. "You are done packing. What about me?" 
"I packed for both of us, kitten.", he said with a smile that made her heart skip a beat. 
Talia couldn't believe this. Did he say that he packed things for both of them? Her stuff included? 
What dress did he pick for her to wear tonight? Talia decided not to ask. It's not like she knows about fashion anyway. She can match colors and that's about it. 
If someone told her that the unpredictable Alpha would pack her things for an overnight stay with him, she would call that person a liar, yet here she is, only hours away from going to a fancy party with Damon, as his date, and they will stay overnight in the packhouse of the Lightclaw pack like important guests. 
Amazing. 
Talia felt like pinching herself, just to confirm that she is not dreaming. 
WAAH! Does that mean he packed her underwear also? How embarrassing. 
Damon stalked toward Talia and glanced into purple bags that were next to her legs. "It seems you got some stuff. Is there anything for me?" 
Talia blinked. She really didn't think about getting anything for Damon. Actually, she didn't get anything at all. 
"These are freebies that the people at the spa packed for us.", Talia responded in her defense. "They said that it was fully paid for three people, and since Steph didn't come, they gave us these goodies. Maya also got a few bags." 
Seeing that Damon pouted in displeasure, Talia quickly added. "From what I've seen, there are facemasks, moisturizers, rejuvenating creams, gel peels, and some other stuff. We can use them together." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "Do you think I need such girly things?" 
Talia couldn't believe his I-don't-do-girly-stuff attitude. Massages and skincare have nothing to do with gender. 
Talia thought of teasing him a bit. "A man of your age should think about his skin." 
Damon's face fell. "A man of my age? What does that mean?" 
"Nothing.", Talia mumbled and started getting up from the bed while hoping that she will able to hide the laughter that bubbled inside her. His expression was comical. She didn't know that the scary Alpha is conscious about his looks. Shouldn't he be about muscles and strength and other manly stuff? 
Damon was quick to block her escape route and push her back down with his body. "That didn't sound like nothing, kitten." 
Talia wondered if she should tease him a bit more or not. She knew that it was a bad idea, but he was right there, and she went for it. 
"Now that I look at you closely, I can see some fine lines around your eyes. If you start using good products now, you can slow down the aging…", Talia's voice trailed when Damon's nostrils flared in anger. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at her. "It seems that only a few hours away from me made you forget who you are, Mrs. Blake." 
Talia realized that she reached the invisible line. Actually, she probably crossed it. 
This required change of tactics. 
"Well, maybe next time you shouldn't send me without you.", Talia said sweetly. "It was wonderful and relaxing, but I was missing you." 
In an instant, Damon's fury sizzled away. 
He looked at her in awe with a smile that reflected in his icy-blue eyes. 
"Talia… Talia…", he called her name like a prayer. "You have no idea what you are doing to me." 
Talia put her hand on his cheek and smiled. "I know what I could do to you." 
Damon's curiosity was piqued. "What?" 
"One of those bags has sweet almond and lavender oil that's great for massaging. I'm not really skilled, but I could…" 
The rest of her words were swallowed in a fiery kiss, and a second later she forgot what she was about to say. 
Damon broke the kiss and spoke into her lips, "Only if I get to massage you in return." 
"OK." Talia couldn't believe that she agreed immediately. What were they talking about? It didn't matter. 
With one touch, one kiss, she was completely under his spell, willing to say 'yes' to any demand he might have. It was that good. 
Damon closed his eyes and exhaled slowly while wondering if one can die from arousal. Just the idea of Talia's slick skin under his palms made him hard to the point of madness. 
And she will massage him as well. 
But there was one problem. The event. 
Yes, they had a few hours, but once he gets his hands on Talia, a few days won't be enough. 
"I look forward to our massage, after we return home.", Damon said with a wicked smile. 
The scent of Talia's arousal told him that she was looking forward to it as well. 
The suspense was maddening. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Before lunch, Damon took Talia to their study. 
He told her to sit on the sofa and moved with a spring in his step toward his desk. 
"I've got you this…", Damon said while placing a rectangle-shaped box into her hand. 
Damon sat on the sofa next to Talia and based on his anxious expression, Talia guessed that it's something important. 
"Thank you", she said sweetly and opened the box. 
Her eyes widened in surprise when she saw the cell phone. It was flashy and sleek and even though Talia didn't know much about cell phones, she was confident that this is the latest model. 
"Is this for me?", Talia asked, and a big smile bloomed on her face when Damon confirmed with a nod. 
"As my assistant, you should have your own phone." 
"Wow…", she said under her breath while processing this. 
A cell phone. Her very own cell phone. 
Damon looked at Talia's lit-up expression and he felt a sense of accomplishment. 
He didn't expect that she will like it that much, but he didn't hate it. 
From his point of view, Talia didn't really need a cell phone as his assistant. That was just an excuse. 
Damon was thinking of gifting her something that would be useful and practical and solve a few ongoing issues, and the cell phone fit the requirements perfectly. 
He got it customized so that his phone always shows Talia's GPS coordinates. 
Considering that he can't track her scent and that she doesn't have the mind-link, this cellphone will be useful and practical because now Damon CAN track her, and he can also contact her anytime. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 146 - Damon’s Jealousy
Damon was satisfied with Talia's reaction as she examined her new cell phone. 
With this, incidents like the one at the festival when Damon couldn't find Talia won't happen again. 
It's not that he plans to let her out of his sight, but it will be inevitable that they separate sometimes, and during those instances, Damon wanted to have the assurance that Talia is only one phone call away. 
Immersed in figuring out how to operate her new cell phone, Talia took the small booklet that was in the box and started flipping through it. 
"I'm glad you like it." 
Damon's comment pulled Talia out of her daze. 
"Yes, yes. Thank you.", she said earnestly. "I was thinking about asking how to get a cell phone, and this is amazing." 
Damon was surprised by this. Talia is quiet and doesn't express her desires, but she wanted to ask about getting a cell phone? He wanted to know the reason. 
"Why did you want a cell phone?" 
The phone was already powered up and Talia was checking the options while using the booklet as a guide. 
"I have phone numbers and I wanted to save them as contacts and to give my number in return." 
Damon's brows came together. "Whose phone numbers do you have?" 
She hummed before responding, "Axel, Maddox…" 
Damon's ears were buzzing, and he didn't hear the rest. 
Did she just name some random guys? 
How come she didn't think about getting HIS number? 
And did she call Maddox by his name casually without his title? When did they become so friendly? 
Unaware of the storm brewing inside Damon, Talia was still talking, "…Kai and Tyler. Oh, I'm sure that Doctor Travis and Keith have numbers also…" 
At the mentioning of Keith, Damon's jealousy reached its peak, and he saw red. 
Damon grabbed her chin roughly and made her look his way. 
Talia's eyes widened when she saw that Damon was angry. What happened? Only a minute ago he gave her the cell phone happily, yet now he was looking like he wanted to throw her into the dungeon. 
Did he change his mind and will take the phone away? Surely, they can negotiate this. She can keep the phone and work for some time as his assistant to earn it. Yeah, that should work. Or so she thought. 
"Did you forget about my existence?", Damon squeezed through his teeth. 
Talia didn't get it. "Huh?" 
"It seems I need to remind you that you are mine." 
Before Talia could figure out what's going on, Damon's lips crashed on hers with urgency. 
This kiss was not gentle. It was possessive and demanding and the sting in her lower lip told her that he drew blood. 
"Damon… what are you doing?", Talia rasped while trying to adjust to the current situation. Why was he pushing her down on the sofa? And why the hell was she hugging him? 
"Mine… Mine…", Damon mumbled while kissing her sloppily all over her face, and then he moved lower. 
"Ah!", Talia cried when Damon bit her neck and her whole body shook in ecstatic waves when he licked the spot. 
She gasped for air as his hands moved over her body. 
"This… lunch…", she struggled to talk between kisses. 
Damon's hand moved under her skirt, and he gripped the edge of her panties, ripping them in one smooth move and Talia couldn't believe the intensity of arousal that swelled inside her. 
What lunch? It was just the two of them and this need for him to touch her. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia let out a whimper when his fingers reached between her drenched folds. 
"Fuck, Talia!", he cursed under his breath. "You are perfect!" 
In one swift move, Damon pushed himself lower and his head was between her legs, hovering only an inch above her intimate bush. 
Talia gaped at the image of Damon looking at her flower hungrily, like it's the best delicacy in the world. It was embarrassing and scandalous and she couldn't stop staring at him. 
She tried to pull her legs together, but Damon was quick to press on her thighs and push them further apart. 
"You need to learn your lesson, kitten.", he said in a dangerously low voice. "You are mine." 
Talia's mouth was open in a silent scream when he licked her there. Once, twice… his tongue moved over her clit in mighty strokes and Talia threw her head backward unsure if these are her last moments on Earth because it felt like her soul was about to leave her body. 
Damon pressed his face into her while he kissed her deeply between her folds, his tongue moved from her clit down to her entrance and then back up, and his every move sent cataclysmic sensations through her body. 
"Say my name, Talia…", Damon demanded. "Say that you are mine." 
Talia's mind was a mess and she gasped when she felt his finger inside her. 
"Say it!", Damon growled and he squeezed her ass with his free hand. 
"Damon…", Talia breathed. 
"Whose are you?" 
"Yours…" 
She could feel him smiling against her flesh, and then he attacked her pleasure centers with renewed vigor. 
Talia stared blankly at the ceiling as her whole body shook uncontrollably in ecstatic quivers. 
This is it. This is how she will die. Right now, with Damon between her legs… Will she have any regrets? Probably not. 
And just when she thought that this is as good as it gets, Damon's lips latched around her clit, and he started sucking. 
She fisted his hair, unsure if she wants to push him away or keep him there forever. 
"Ah!... Damon! Ah!...", lewd sounds escaped Talia's lips, and she would never admit that those were hers. 
Against all reason, Talia's hips moved, asking for more, and her moans became louder as she fought to catch the smallest of breaths. 
Damon growled as her arousal was all around him and he could taste her on his tongue. She was soft and wet and she tasted of heaven and honey and her breathless cries were the most seductive music he ever heard. 
Every stroke of his tongue pushed her closer to the ecstatic edge, and his finger moving in and out of her only intensified the pleasure. 
Damon skillfully increased the pressure and pace, and there it was… 
The whole room was spinning while Talia dissolved into a mass of cries and gasps with her legs up in the air, shaking like leaves in the storm. 
She breathlessly begged for mercy while Damon showed none. 
He was lapping her juices like a parched man, unwilling to let go of the sweet honey her body released. 
Talia was panting heavily when Damon climbed on top of her. 
Damon leaned his forehead on Talia's and stared into her unfocused honeyed eyes. 
"Mine!", he growled. 
Talia smiled. "Yours." 
Damon was pleased with her response. But he was even more pleased by the way her body reacted to his touch. She was ready. 
He really wanted to remove his clothes and go all the way, but they were in the study, on the sofa… and there was the lunch, and the event… Damn it! He will need to hold back… again. But not for long. 
Damon kissed her and she tasted herself on his lips. 
He carefully licked the spot he bit previously, using his saliva to help her heal completely. 
Damon was already aroused to his limits, so after a few kisses, he helped her to sit up. 
"You ripped my panties…", Talia complained when she saw what used to be her panties on the floor. 
Damon smirked. "That's your punishment for thinking about other men." 
Talia blinked as it dawned on her. "You were jealous because I mentioned Axel and Maddox and Kai and…" She stopped talking when she saw that Damon's expression darkened again. 
"I was not jealous.", he lied. 
Talia stifled a laugh. 
Damon made a face. Is she making fun of him? "What's funny?" 
"If this is how you will punish me, I might make you jealous more often." 
Damon's eyes flashed in disbelief. Was this his shy Talia? No, this was a different Talia, but he didn't hate this side of her. Not even a little bit. 
"There is no need to make me jealous, kitten…", he said with a sly smile while his palm moved up her thigh, under her skirt slowly. "Just say the word, and I am at your service. You will see how good I will make you feel when I'm the only man on your mind." He ended with a squeeze high on her thigh, nearly touching her flower that was still throbbing numbly from his previous ministrations. 
Talia's face exploded in blush, and she didn't know where to look. 
Yes, his head was between her legs only a few minutes ago, but somehow this right now was more scandalous. 
Doesn't he know that he is the only man on her mind already? She didn't want to say this. The cocky Alpha probably knew already. At least that's what Talia thought. 
"Let's go and grab lunch…", Damon told Talia. "Steph is not here, but she instructed Omegas to prepare food for us to eat and to pack us snacks for the road." 
Talia squirmed in place. "I need to get new panties first." 
"No.", Damon rejected right away. 
When he saw her bewildered expression, he explained, "This is also your punishment. No panties." 
"For how long?" 
Damon smirked. "Until I say so." 
Talia couldn't believe it. 
She was wearing a dress and without panties, it will be breezy down there. 
He must be joking. Right? RIGHT!? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 147 - Flight To The Lightclaw Pack
"Are you doing alright, kitten?", Damon asked Talia when he helped her buckle the seatbelt of the front passenger's seat of a small jet. 
Talia nodded in confirmation. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes while reflecting on the last few hours. 
Was she doing alright? Considering what all happened and what this day still has in the store for her, Talia was fairing rather well. 
She spent the morning in the spa with Maya, and when she came home, Damon was packing things for both of them and he gave her a brand new cell phone. 
In a fit of jealousy, Damon ripped her panties and gave her the wildest ride she ever had, but the most outrageous thing was that he forbid her from wearing panties. 
Why did she agree to that? Talia was not sure. Maybe she wanted to show Damon she is not weak, and lack of panties can't phase her, or maybe she was enjoying the perverted game where only the two of them knew she was butt-naked under that dress. 
Talia went to the kitchen to check if Zina and Dawn packed food for their trip, and she was not sure if they can smell remnants of what Damon did to her in the study. Damon licked her thoroughly, so technically, if they could smell anything it would be only Damon on her, but just thinking about that made Talia aroused again. 
"You are going on a trip with the Alpha?", Dawn asked while waggling her eyebrows suggestively and Talia did her best to make it sound like it's not a big deal while wishing for Damon to appear next to her as soon as possible. 
Damon went up to get their things and Talia was surprised to see him returning with only one suitcase. The knowledge that their clothes and toiletries were in one place warmed her heart. Aren't they like a couple? 
Damon held Talia's hand as they walked to his black armored Lexus SUV, and Talia could feel Zina's and Dawn's eyes burning into her back. 
Talia likes those two women, but they are too gossipy, and Talia knew that she will face an inquisition of million questions when she returns, assuming that Zina and Dawn can catch her without Damon or Stephanie around. 
Talia expected that Damon will drive all the way to the Lightclaw pack, but after about fifteen minutes long drive, Damon turned the car onto the side road and after a few minutes, he parked next to the hangar that had a private landing strip on the other side. 
"Are you OK with flying?", Damon asked when he noticed Talia walking toward the jet robotically. 
"I don't know.", Talia said honestly. She has never flown in a plane before. 
"If you are afraid, I can always offer…", he licked his lips that were lifted into a wicked smile. "Distraction." 
Talia knew very well what distraction he was offering. The breeze at the cradle of her thighs was a reminder of what happened in the study. And she hated that she was aroused again. 
She wondered, can she ask Doctor Travis for some anti-arousing medicine? Because this can't be normal. 
Talia didn't understand. She was a decent girl for nineteen years, but the moment this Devil entered her life she became lewd! OK. Maybe not at that moment, but sometimes in the last two weeks, definitely. And it was all his fault! 
And here she is… still panty-less and strapped into a seat at the front of a jet and Talia was not surprised to see Damon starting up the engines. 
Of course, he can fly a plane. 
She watched Damon as he expertly pushed buttons and picked options on the touch screen, and Talia was convinced that this unstable Alpha can do much more than just flying a jet. He can do anything. He is amazing. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The jet took off smoothly and Damon entered coordinates and set it on the cruise before turning to Talia. 
"How are you feeling? Any nausea? Dizziness? I know flying might be uncomfortable, but we will be there in about an hour. If we took the car all the way, it would take at least five hours. I didn't tell you in advance because I didn't want you to freak out.", he explained. 
"Don't worry about it. I'm fine.", Talia said, touched by his concern. She would go with him anywhere, regardless of the type of transportation. "I'm just nervous about the party." 
Damon chuckled and undid his and her seatbelts. 
In one swift move, Damon scooped Talia and put her to sit on his lap. 
"Why are you nervous, kitten?", he asked with a smile. "Don't tell me that you think those people are better than you are." 
Talia gave him a complicated look. Maybe that's easy for him to say but for her… "I don't know if they are better, but they are powerful. They all have impressive backgrounds, while I came from an attic." 
"No, kitten.", Damon said while caressing her cheek. "You are coming from the third floor of the packhouse, representing the Dark Howlers pack, with me." 
Talia made a face. "If you were planning on comforting me, it's not working. Actually, you are making me more nervous." What if she embarrasses herself? What if she embarrasses him? 
"Don't look down on yourself only because you don't know who your parents are or how some shitty people treated you when you were down. Regardless of your background, I know you are amazing." 
Talia felt there was something behind his words. "How can you be so sure?" 
Damon thought for a moment before responding. "Be honest with yourself, do you think you are Omega?" 
Talia never really thought about it, but based on how everyone treated her, she assumed that she is at the bottom, with Omegas. Even Omegas bullied her. "What am I if not Omega?" 
Damon didn't know what Talia is, but he knew what she isn't. 
"Every werewolf is a slave to his instincts. Our wolf side can boost our abilities and steel our willpower. It's rare to see a werewolf off the ground because we feel unease without firm ground under our feet, yet look at you, up in the air, without any discomfort. That tells me you are special." 
"Do you feel discomfort when flying?", Talia asked. 
Damon nodded. "I practiced to face my fears and not succumb to them. I can tell you with confidence that any Omega would either pass out from anxiety or cry until we land." 
Seeing Talia's puzzled expression, Damon thought of giving her another example. 
"Let's talk about those two in the kitchen.", Damon said, and Talia nodded, knowing that Damon was talking about Zina and Dawn. "What do they do in my presence?" 
Talia frowned in confusion, Damon answered, "They bow their heads in submission." 
"Everyone bows their head in front of you." 
"Not you, kitten.", Damon said with a smile. "And that's not because we are sharing a bed. Hierarchy and submission are part of who we are. You, not submitting to me, means that you are not below me." 
"Not submitting?", Talia asked more herself than him. 
Damon chuckled. "You didn't even notice. That's how amazing you are, kitten. When my temper flares, every head in the room goes down in submission, Caden's and Maya's included, yet you are standing straight and even talking back. Do you know what that means?" 
"What?" 
"I told you, kitten, only Luna gets to talk back to her Alpha." 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air. She told herself to ignore any 'Mrs. Blake' and 'Luna' nonsense coming from him, but when he looked at her like that, it was hard. 
Facing Talia's bewildered expression, Damon was not sure if he should laugh or cry. 
Damon wanted Talia to gain confidence and boldly claim her place as his Luna, but at the same time, he enjoyed this modesty and unspoiled innocence. Can he have both? Damon was not sure. 
"What will we do if Alpha Edward and Marcy are there? What if they recognize me?", Talia asked questions that were weighing on her. And there was also Luna Layla and the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack, James. 
Damon understood why Talia singled them out, after all, she suffered for nearly two decades under their roof. 
Part of Damon hoped that Marcy and her family will do something scandalous and give Damon an excuse to escape that engagement-to-be for good. His contacts in Europe didn't find any dirt on Marcy so far, and the time was running out. 
Damon didn't want to say that most of the people there will be hostile in one way or another. It's just the way it is in the world where power and position matter and Damon is at the top of the largest pack in North America. 
No matter how anyone feels about him or his date (aka Talia), Damon hoped that they won't cause a scene. It's not that Damon couldn't deal with them, he was ready to fight anytime, but he feared how an incident will impact Talia's mood. 
Talia was opening up to him wonderfully and they were making amazing progress. This event can give her a boost, but there was also a chance that it could backfire and shatter what they built so far. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 148 - Being Close [Bonus ]
Damon could feel Talia's insecurities and he hoped that his words will give her the boost she needs to stand proud. 
"If anyone from the Red Moon pack approaches you, you should treat them the same as you would anyone else. Remember that you grew up with your grandparents and you were never in the Red Moon pack. Even if they say you look familiar, stay cool. They don't have evidence to support any claims about your background. Don't let anyone bully you, Talia, and don't be afraid to stir trouble. I know you can talk back, and if it takes more than talking, I will be right next to you." 
Talia nodded, but Damon knew that his words didn't produce the desired result. 
Of course, those people bullied her for nearly two decades. How can it be easy for Talia to face them? 
He got an idea. 
"If you fear that they might recognize you, pretend you are someone else. Use a different name so that no one connects who you are." 
Talia's brows furrowed. "A different name? That's not necessary. No one called me Talia since Olivia left, and even when she was around, we never went out in public, so…" Talia's voice trailed. 
Damon was curious. Talia told him that Olivia left a few years ago. How is it possible that no one addressed Talia by her name? "Did you use a different name?" 
Talia shook her head. "No one bothered to ask what my name is. They would call me 'slave' or 'roach' or 'rat'." 
Damon felt rage rippling through him. How dare they treat his mate like that!? 
Damon has a habit of ignoring things he doesn't deem important. While they were at the Dark Howlers pack, it was like an isolated bubble, with only Damon and Talia, but now that they are out of his territory, Damon became aware of other existences and how they are impacting them. 
Damon took a few deep breaths, filling his system with the addicting scent of freesia and he was not sure if he will be able to keep his cool if Alpha Edward, Marcy, or anyone from the Red Moon pack comes in front of him. 
He silently swore to make them eat their words and to suffer the same treatment Talia did. Maybe they were not directly mistreating her, but the fact that they neglected Talia, enabled others to bully her. Bastards! 
"It won't be easy to see them, but I hope you won't give them more importance than they deserve.", Damon said after he calmed down. "Regardless of who you were, you are going with me, as my partner. No one can touch you. I will guarantee your safety and you can do whatever you want. Feel free to ignore them, curse them, or punch them in the throat, I've got your back." 
Talia shook her head while remembering the killer move he kind of taught her, but there was no teaching because cheeky Alpha wanted to cuddle in the middle of the training center. 
"It's nothing like that. I don't want to cause trouble." 
"Do you know who I am?", Damon asked sternly. 
"Alpha Damon", Talia responded. 
"That's right. I am the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, the largest pack in North America, and no one will dare to mess with me unless they have a death wish and because you are going with me, they will be stupid if they come after you." His gaze softened. "You are so much more than just my date, kitten. This will be the first time for me to attend an official function with a date. Many will wonder who you are and don't be surprised when you hear questions related to becoming my Luna because Alphas don't bring with them dates that are not important. I am concerned only about one thing…" He licked his lips nervously. "I hope that I won't disappoint you." 
Talia blinked while processing Damon's words. He said so many things... and it all sounded important! 
Did he say that this is his first time to bring a date? And did he say that she is important? 
Talia told herself to ignore any Luna nonsense, but this somehow touched her heart and she ended up smiling at the insecure Alpha. 
Talia was unaware when she moved closer to Damon, or when she kissed him, but they were definitely kissing. 
It was a slow and gentle kiss full of emotions she would never put into words and Damon was high on the fact that she kissed him first. 
This was the first time that Talia initiated a kiss, and he couldn't be happier about it. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
When Damon landed the jet on a private strip that was surrounded by a scarce forest and rock formations, he turned off the engines before helping Talia unbuckle. 
Talia peered through the window to see that a black Cadillac XTS limousine was waiting for them, with a driver standing in attention next to it. 
It really looked like they are a major delegation from a foreign country. Well, in the world of werewolves, they were. 
"Put these on.", Damon said before they exited the jet, and Talia blinked at the sight of panties that were in his hand. 
She snatched the panties and quickly shimmied inside them while pulling the skirt lower so that she doesn't expose herself to Damon's amused gaze. 
When her bottom and her most intimate area were covered with that small piece of fabric, Talia looked at Damon with a smile. "Thank you. I feared that you will make me stay like this all day." Or longer. Maybe Damon doesn't wear underwear, but she definitely felt the loss of that important piece of garment. 
Damon's face turned serious. "I will never allow strangers to get a glimpse of what's going on between us. Do you know why?" 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. Why? Is it because of privacy? No, that was too obvious. "Why?" 
Damon crossed the distance between them and held her chin with his thumb and index finger, making her look up at him, but what really locked her in place was his intense gaze that threatened to swallow her. 
"Because you are mine.", Damon said with all the possessiveness in the world and Talia felt strength seeping from her legs. 
Did she get aroused just now? 
Damon's smirk told her that he can smell her. Damn it! 
Talia couldn't believe this. What's wrong with her? 
Damon said that Talia is not submitting to him, but he was wrong. Sure, she didn't feel the impulse to bow her head to him, but Talia was ready to give him whatever he wanted. 
… 
Talia and Damon sat in the back of the limousine for a ride to the packhouse of the Lightclaw pack which shouldn't take more than fifteen minutes, based on the information driver gave them while putting their suitcase in the trunk. 
Inside, plush carpet covered the floor, two rows of comfy leather seats were facing each other, each wide to sit three people for a total of six passengers in the back. There was also a minibar and a remote to control the AC, music, windows, lights, and several other functions Talia didn't understand. 
Damon's hands were around Talia in a loose embrace, and she leaned sideways on him while observing the landscape of reddish rocks, low bushes, and scarce trees that were occasionally interrupted by small creeks. 
The afternoon summer sun was heating the land mercilessly and it was very different from the scenery at the Dark Howlers pack which is filled with tall and lush trees that are blocking the sun and providing thick shade. 
"Where are we?", Talia asked Damon without removing her gaze from the window. 
"Colorado.", Damon responded. 
Talia turned to him and raised her eyebrows questionably, silently telling him that she needed more information. 
Damon chuckled and got his phone. "Let me show you on the map…" 
His arms were around her and he rested his chin on her shoulder while fiddling with his phone in front of her. 
"Here…", he said while pointing at the map, zooming in and zooming out as needed. "We are here, and our home is here. With a car, we would need to take this highway, and then this one…" 
His breath splashed close to her ear, and she took a shaky breath. It was difficult to focus on what he was saying because he was so close, and the butterflies in her stomach were going crazy. 
Talia turned to face him, and their noses nearly touched. 
"You are doing this on purpose, aren't you?", Talia asked breathily. 
"Doing, what?", he asked innocently. "Being close to you?" 
Talia nodded. 
"I don't have a choice, kitten. I can't stay away from you." 
"Then… don't.", she said. 
Damon smiled. "I won't, kitten. You will never get rid of me." 
Their lips connected, initiating a steamy make-out session, and neither of them noticed when the driver lifted a divider so that he doesn't see or hear what's going on in the back of the limousine. 
As the seasoned driver of the Lightclaw pack, he knew when privacy is needed. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 149 - Arriving At The Lightclaw Pack
~ the Lightclaw pack ~ 
Damon helped Talia straighten up her dress before getting out of the car and she assisted him in tucking his shirt properly. 
They were just kissing, but somehow with all the hugging and squeezing, their clothes got disheveled. 
Talia remembered how about two weeks ago she was in the back seat of a car with Damon, leaving the Red Moon pack, and she was stiff while he held her to lean on him with an order to sleep, yet now she couldn't get enough of him. At that time, she thought that Damon smells nice, but now she was painfully aware of his taste. It's the dark chocolate… smooth, rich, mysterious, and extremely addictive, fitting Damon's image perfectly, and Talia feared that one day she might eat him for real. 
The driver opened the door for them when Damon knocked on the window, signaling that they are ready, and one Omega was already waiting with their suitcase in his hands. 
"Please, this way Alpha Damon and Miss…", the Omega said with a low bow and gestured toward the packhouse that was down the gravel path. 
There was no paved road that would lead all the way to the packhouse, and this last stretch had to be crossed on foot. 
Damon alighted first and gave his hand to Talia. She put her hand into his naturally and she was surprised to see the male Omega dressed up neatly in a white short-sleeved shirt and black pants. 
Normally, female Omegas will help around the packhouse while Omega males do dirtier maintenance jobs. 
The moment Talia put both of her feet on the ground, Damon's left hand snaked around her waist, pulling her closer to him in a possessive hold until their hips touched, and Talia's heart skipped a beat. 
They never walked this close, and there were people watching. 
She looked up to him to see his unreadable stern expression directed toward the packhouse and she bit the inside of her lip while wondering if she is the only one impacted with this unexpected closeness in public. 
Talia was not sure what to do with her right hand. A few steps later, she decided to hook her thumb at the back of Damon's pants, and he hummed in approval. 
Damon told Talia that Alpha Magnus is an old-fashioned man, and the scene in front of them confirmed it. 
The main entrance was in the middle of a two-story-high brown brick building that had curved corners and some areas were sticking out asymmetrically, looking almost like it was created by mashing several dwellings together and then repainted in brown to look like one. There was a long one-story high building stretching on the right that looked like an extension that was added later. 
Damon saw Talia observing the building curiously, so he explained, "The main building is for common areas and office space." He gestured toward the one-story high extension. "Bedrooms are there." 
Talia was surprised by this. "Alpha's family is on the ground floor?" 
Damon gestured toward the roof. "The attic level has several suites for the Alpha's family." 
Talia realized that Damon was knowledgeable about this packhouse, so she continued probing, "Where are Beta and other high-ranking members staying?" 
"There are other buildings in the back. The rumor is that there are underground passages connecting important buildings around the packhouse, but only the main figures in the Lightclaw pack know if that's really true…" 
Talia found this interesting. Every pack had a different style of living, and she was eager to see how others are managing it. 
She wanted to ask Damon if she can go and visit Alpha Maddox and Axel, but she had a feeling that Damon might flip, so she took a mental note to ask him later when the timing is better. Besides, there was still much to discover about this place. 
The neatly trimmed lawn was on both sides of the narrow path they walked on, and the moment they stepped inside, they were greeted with a lot of wood. Dark red wood was covering the floor, ceiling, walls, everywhere. 
The lights were electrical but shaped like candles. All that paired up with tan-colored heavy curtains draped at the top of the windows gave the interior of the packhouse a vintage feel. 
On the far end of the entry hallway, Talia could see numerous Omegas, males and females, moving busily while carrying plates, flowers, balloons, streamers, and some had dusters and cleaning cloths in their hands. It was obvious they were preparing for the party that will start in a few hours. 
They were all wearing white shirts and black pants (or skirts) and Talia understood those are uniforms the Omegas of the Lightclaw pack are wearing, at least in the packhouse, while on duty. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Alpha Damon!", an older man greeted them enthusiastically and his hand was extended for a handshake from five steps away. "I am so glad you could make it.", he said while shaking Damon's hand. 
"Thank you for inviting us, Alpha Magnus.", Damon responded. 
"It's our pleasure." Alpha Magnus glanced at Talia. "And who is this beauty by your side?" 
Damon puffed his chest, like a peacock when showing off. "This is Talia." 
"Nice to meet you, Talia.", Alpha Magnus extended his hand toward her, and Talia shook his hand gingerly. 
"Same here, Alpha Magnus." 
Alpha Magnus cocked an eyebrow. "Not big on flattery, are you, girl? When I heard that Alpha Damon is coming with a date, I thought you might teach him some manners, but I guess I was wrong." 
Talia glanced at Damon nervously. Was she supposed to flatter the man? Why didn't he tell her in advance? Did she mess up something? And why was the old guy still holding her hand? She tried getting it out discretely, but the old man's grip intensified, and Talia couldn't budge. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Alpha Magnus. He knew that the old guy was testing him. 
For werewolves, everything is a competition, especially for Alphas who have a need to always be at the top. 
Damon put his hand over Magnus's and pried Talia's hand out of his hold. 
"I reached an age where it's difficult to learn new tricks.", Damon said stiffly while patting invisible dirt from Talia's hand. "You should know not to touch my woman for longer than necessary. Did your eyesight worsen with age, and you can't see that she is not a little girl? What will your wife say?" 
Alpha Magnus stifled an awkward laugh. "It was just a handshake." 
"I will trust you this time. But I won't be so forgiving if it happens again.", Damon's voice was dangerously low. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line while wondering what's with this situation. Didn't Damon tell her that he and Alpha Magnus are on good terms? Why did it look like they were about to fight? She didn't understand the reasons, but she was definitely feeling the stiffness. If this was a good relationship, Talia didn't want to see how Damon was interacting with his enemies. 
She saw Damon with Alpha Maddox and Axel, and even though they were not bosom buddies, the atmosphere was much lighter than this. 
Alpha Magnus looked at Talia inquisitively and it appeared like he was about to say something, but then he turned to Damon. "I'm glad you are here early. Can you spare some time to talk with Tony and give him some tips? Now that he found his Luna, I will start the process of handing him the pack, and I'm sure you have loads of valuable experience to share with him." 
Damon didn't believe that Alpha Magnus was ready to let go of his position as an Alpha. 
His son just turned twenty years old, and the old guy still had a lot of vigor in him. The Lightclaw pack was stable and pack members followed their Alpha. Why would he give it up and become no more than an Elder? 
But the biggest reason why Damon doubted Alpha Magnus's words was that the old guy enjoyed the position he had. 
Every Alpha thrives on power, however, Alpha Magnus is one of those old-school guys whose eyes lit up in delight when others bow to him. Standing above others who are submissive is like a drug, nearly impossible to let go of. 
In Damon's opinion, even if Alpha Magnus was willing to step down so that his son takes over as the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack, Damon was confident that Alpha Magnus would be pulling the strings and his son would be an Alpha only in name. 
The problem with this is that werewolves don't do democracy. Two (or more) people at the head of the pack would create factions and weaken the pack. 
But that was none of Damon's business. 
Damon had no issues chatting with Anthony, but he didn't want to leave Talia. "We just reached here. Give us some time to rest, will you?" 
"Sure, sure." Alpha Magnus gestured toward Omega who was standing on the side and holding the suitcase. "Follow him to your room and let me or Tony know when you are ready." 
Damon hummed in agreement and paused. "The thing I asked you for. Did you arrange it?" 
"You will need to ask my Luna about it…" 
---
###Chapter 150 - Anthony And Kalina [Bonus ]
The hallway on the right provided access to the one-story high building, and Omega opened the door of the guest bedroom, letting Damon and Talia enter first before he got the suitcase inside. He wished them a pleasant stay and reminded them that the event will start at six o'clock and to contact any Omega if they need anything in the meantime, and then he left. 
Talia looked around the room. Wood everywhere, just like in the hallway, but here the portion of the floor was covered with a massive dark red carpet. 
A desk with a chair, a sofa, an armoire, a dresser, a four-poster queen-size bed, and a door on the right that was leading to the bathroom. 
The cover on the bed had dark red flowery designs that matched decorative pillows on the sofa. 
Brown and red tones dominated the room, making it appear smaller than it actually was, but still cozy. 
Talia peered through the window to see a well-maintained lawn with topiary trees and patches of colorful blooms, and among them, Omegas were setting up tables and decorations. 
Further in the back were massive rose bushes and evergreen trees, and Talia remembered that Damon told her how there are other buildings in that direction, but the view was obstructed. 
Talia wondered if Stephanie was still here. She dismissed that thought as unnecessary. Even if Stephanie is in the Lightclaw pack, she wouldn't come to this party. Damon told Talia that only Alphas, their families, and high-ranking members of other packs will get to attend this event, and Stephanie doesn't fit into any of those categories. 
Talia observed cheery expressions of Omegas outside, and the optimism reflected on her as well, making her feel tingly inside, eager for the party to start. 
She remembered event preparations at the Red Moon pack. Omegas were tense and focused on finishing their tasks as soon as possible, and Omegas of the Lightclaw pack were relaxed. Based on that, Talia concluded that Alpha Magnus is a much better Alpha than Alpha Edward. Or maybe this was Luna's department. 
Talia's enthusiasm about the party fell a little when she remembered Lisa. Of course, she never met Lisa, but Talia knew Stephanie and she heard that Lisa was like Damon's little sister, and Talia sympathized with the feeling of being abandoned. Lisa probably dreamed that this party will be set up for her, yet some other woman will get this special treatment; it's not just about the party, but about the man and the rest of her life also. It must be hard. 
Talia praised her resolve not to make plans for the future. 
It's not that she will be passive. Talia was determined to continue learning as much as she can, but she will impact things that are within her abilities and leave the rest to fate. 
By not having expectations from others, she can't be disappointed, and whatever life throws at her, good or bad, she will deal with it as it happens. 
"Come here, kitten…", Damon called, and Talia turned to see him lying on the bed with his arms outstretched toward her. 
Talia smiled while looking at her handsome Devil. Yes, she will enjoy right now and right here, and not worry about tomorrow. 
Talia flicked her shoes off and a second later, she sank into Damon's embrace. 
"If anyone makes you uncomfortable, feel free to tell them off. Even if that other person is an Alpha.", Damon said, and she knew that he was referring to their previous encounter with Alpha Magnus. 
'Easy for you to say', Talia thought. But she didn't want to bicker, so she responded with, "I will try." 
She looked up at him. "I thought that you and Alpha Magnus are friends." 
"On friendly terms, yes. Friends, no.", Damon responded. "He doesn't mean harm, but if you show weakness, he will take advantage of it. It's best to keep your guard up against everyone." 
Talia thought how all that is complicated. She divides people into good ones and the ones that should be avoided. But it seems that the world of Alphas is more complex than that. 
Now that they arrived here, the whole party seemed more real. Talia didn't think about it beyond spending time with Damon, but what if they can't be together? 
"Will you go and talk to Tony?", Talia asked. 
Damon tilted his head and nudged Talia's nose with his. "Not without you, kitten." 
Talia looked into his icy-blue eyes that were gentle, and just like that, Talia's anxiousness disappeared. 
No matter what awaits her tonight, Talia knew that it will be alright, as long as Damon is by her side. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia and Damon walked toward the back of the garden, following a path that snaked between tall rose bushes and rows of evergreen trees, stopping next to the semi-circular seating made out of rocks and concrete and there was a firepit as well. 
A couple sitting there was making-out and too engrossed in each other to notice Damon and Talia approaching. 
The moment they stopped there, Talia realized that they reached their destination and those two are Anthony, the future Alpha of the Lightclaw pack, and his future Luna, Kalina, the star of tonight's party. 
"If you are too busy, we can go back.", Damon said with amusement in his voice and the couple froze. 
Talia noticed that the man's hands were under the woman's tank top, and Talia quickly looked down. What seemed to be just kissing was much racier now that she saw them from close range. 
Talia was happy when Damon asked her to join him, but she still told him that he should go ahead without her. 
"I have nothing to talk about with the future Alpha and I don't want to be a burden.", she said. "I will wait here for you to return. I still didn't have a chance to explore all options my cell phone has." 
The truth was that Talia feared she will embarrass Damon, or that maybe there will be another weird hand-holding situation and she really wanted to avoid those. 
"Then… I'm not going either.", Damon said casually. 
"Eh? But you will offend Alpha Magnus. You told him you will go." 
"I told you first that I won't leave your side. If I keep my word to that old fart, I will break my promise to you. Unless you join me, I will be forced to break one of the two, and considering that I'm living with you while I see him five times a year, the choice is obvious…", Damon responded, and Talia caved in. 
She was prepared to stand next to Damon and smile, like a vase, but she had no idea that they will be interrupting this steamy situation. 
Talia looked on the side, to see Damon's hand hanging over her shoulder loosely as his forearm pressed lightly on her shoulder. 
Compared to how possessively he held her when they reached the packhouse and while they talked to Alpha Magnus, Damon's posture now was more relaxed and she concluded that the couple in front of them is not a threat, at least not to Damon. 
Talia was curious if she was reading Damon's body language correctly and she was eager to confirm it. 
Tony straightened his posture and made sure that Kalina's tank top is pulled down before turning to Damon and Talia. 
"Alpha Damon…", he said while clearing his throat. "I assume my father bugged you enough until you gave in." 
"He is an elder, Tony.", Damon responded. "I can give him an inch if it's no loss for me. It's called tactics." Damon glanced at the woman. "I assume this is Kalina?" 
Tony and Kalina stood up and shook hands with Damon. 
"Kalina, this is Alpha Damon, the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack…" 
Talia observed Tony who was tall and muscular. He had a shirt on, but it was obvious that his physique paled in comparison to Damon's. Tony was a handsome man, with a full head of brown hair and chocolate eyes, but what stood out the most was his smile which was not characteristic to any Alpha Talia met so far. Tony was just… happy. 
The woman next to him had a matching smile. Kalina was slightly shorter compared to Tony, with a toned body and short dark brown pixie haircut, and Talia's eyes lit up at the sight of the woman's numerous tattoos. 
Kalina was wearing a tank top that revealed her tattooed arms, and there were designs on Kalina's chest, and some ink was peering under her armpit also. 
Tony was observing Talia with curiosity while talking to Damon. "How unusual of you to come with a date." 
"Not unusual. It's the first time.", Damon corrected him. "Talia is special." 
"Talia… Nice to meet you. Call me Tony.", Tony said while shaking Talia's hand and he glanced at Damon. "Will there be another Luna announcing ceremony soon?" 
Talia gulped softly. Damon mentioned that there might be questions related to her becoming his Luna, but she thought that he was teasing her. 
She turned to Damon, thankful that this question was directed at him. 
Talia's breath hitched when Damon said with a shrug, "We didn't get a chance to talk about it." 
Talia was not sure if she heard him right. Why did it sound like they are going to talk about it in the future? 
--- 
Don't forget to see a photo of Anthony and Kalina in the comments section. 
For more photos, join my discord: https://discord.gg/cFaejHB (link is also in the Aux chapter Introduction at the beginning of the novel) 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 151 - Girl Talk With Kalina [Bonus ]
Kalina nudged Tony's hip with hers and he chuckled while letting go of Talia's hand. "My mate is possessive. She doesn't let me shake hands with other girls." 
"That's how it should be.", Damon responded right away. He was one second away from slapping Tony's hand away from Talia's. 
Talia and Kalina shook hands and Kalina said, "Please, call me Lina. Can I call you Lia?" 
Talia confirmed with a smile. "Sure." 
Internally, Talia was screaming. She just got a nickname! Isn't that something that friends do? 
Kalina noticed that Talia was looking at her tattoos. 
"What do you think? Not really a Luna look, is it?", Kalina spoke with a heavy Eastern European accent. 
Damon also noticed Talia's gaze trained on those tattoos and he remembered that Talia was looking at Liam's tattoos in the Shifters nightclub. 
Damon wondered, should he get some ink on him? He really wanted Talia to look at him like that. 
When his generation was exploring the wild side of life (tattoos included), Damon was juggling between studying, training, and being an Alpha and there was no time for body art. 
Unaware of Damon's thoughts on how to make his body more pleasing to her, Talia was contemplating the best way to respond to Kalina's question. She saw several Lunas and all of them were gracious with long flowy hair, shiny nails, and designer dresses, like they came out of a high-end fashion magazine, and this shorthaired girl in jeans and a tank top with tattoos covering her skin was not fitting that image. 
"It's unique.", Talia said. 
Kalina's eyebrows shoot up. "I like you. You didn't lie. Maybe you can give me some pointers about how things work here because so far everyone I met was either avoiding me or kissing my ass." 
Anxiousness swelled within Talia. How is she qualified to give pointers to the future Luna? 
Before Talia could respond, Tony spoke, "Lina is from Poland, and this is her first time in the States. We met four days ago. I went to visit my friend, Chad, in Canada, and she was visiting Chad's sister. When Lina entered the room I could swear that all lights went off, leaving only one spotlight directed at her, and the rest is history." 
Kalina looked at Tony with a smile that reflected in her eyes. "And to think that I nearly missed him. I was planning a trip with my oldest sister to Spain, but I decided to head to Canada at the last moment." 
Tony hummed ambiguously. "The Moon Goddess knows what she is doing." 
They were about to kiss, but before that happened, Damon grumbled, "If you start making out, the two of us will go about our business." 
Damon was already in a bad mood because this outing cut into his cuddle time with Talia, and he definitely didn't want to watch some other people kissing. 
Tony gave Kalina a quick peck on the lips and turned to Damon. "Alright. I don't want to upset you, Alpha Damon. I know your time is precious. How about the two of us chat somewhere else, and leave girls here to bond?" 
Talia froze. What bonding? 
Oh, right. Kalina wanted Talia to give her some pointers. Talia hoped that Kalina forgot about it. 
Kalina will be asking questions, and no matter if she is from Poland or from Mars, if Talia needs to talk about anything other than living in the attic and sneaking through the packhouse, Kalina will figure out that Talia is ignorant. 
But she couldn't just bail out either. 
Think, Talia. Think! 
Kalina wanted someone who will talk openly. Someone who won't suck up to her or shrink because she is the future Luna… Someone knowledgeable… Someone who has seen places… Someone like… Mindy! 
Talia looked at Kalina. "I'm not sure if I'm the right person to give advice related to the lifestyle of werewolves because I grew up isolated with my grandparents, but there is one person who fits the bill perfectly." Talia turned to Tony. "Is Mindy from the Blue River pack here?" 
Tony's eyes were unfocused for a second before he responded, "Yes. She arrived just a few minutes ago. But… Mindy is high profile. Will she be willing to spend her time with Kalina?" 
Tony is the son of the Alpha, but his father didn't give him a chance to stand out. Tony attended schools and mingled with a small circle of friends without being exposed to high-ranking members of other packs. It was how Alpha Magnus kept Tony on a tight leash. 
Tony doesn't have many relationships with influential people, and that's why Alpha Magnus asked Damon to talk to Tony, instead of Tony asking himself. 
Damon looked at the little woman by his side in awe. 
He was ready to oppose Tony's idea of leaving girls on their own, but Talia managed to surprise him again. 
Talia could refuse to talk with Kalina; she already mentioned that she grew up with grandparents. Or she could just bluff her way out of it. Instead, Talia admitted her lack of knowledge and found a solution. She really is selfless and caring… a true Luna. 
Damon was proud of Talia, and he backed her up with, "My Talia is a good friend with Mindy, she won't refuse." 
Talia smiled at Damon's words. He said, 'my Talia'. 
Tony's eyes went out of focus again as he mind-linked someone and Damon pulled Talia to the side. 
"You don't need to do this, kitten." 
Talia knew that he was talking about Talia indulging Kalina's request for a girl chat. But Damon needed to talk to Tony in private, and even though Talia was not sure what advice she can give to Kalina, she was confident that Mindy is very capable. 
"Don't worry about me, Damon.", Talia responded. "I can take care of myself. If anything goes wrong, I will leave. If I can't find you, I will go to our room." And there was also the cell phone in which he grumpily entered his number as the first contact. 
Why did Damon look anxious? She put her hand over his cheek in an attempt to comfort him. "Didn't you say that I am representing the Dark Howlers pack? How can I shy from this? I will make you proud." 
"You have no idea how proud I am to have you by my side.", Damon murmured and leaned for a kiss, pecking her lips once, twice… "You are representing our pack wonderfully." And then his arms wrapped around her, and he gave her a long deep kiss that made her mind spin. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon and Tony walked away with Tony saying that Mindy is on her way. 
Kalina patted a spot next to her on the semi-circular seating, indicating to Talia to take a seat. 
Talia's cheeks were still flushed after kissing Damon. She couldn't believe that Damon's world-dissolving ability was activated, and she completely forgot that they had an audience. 
Talia looked at Kalina gingerly and met Kalina's smiling gaze. 
"Don't worry, they won't go far.", Kalina said. "It seems you have a hard time staying from your mate, just how I have from mine." 
Talia's eyes widened. "Mate? Damon is not…" 
"Are you sure?", Kalina interrupted Talia and then shrugged. "You fooled me." 
Talia's heart was racing. "What made you think we are… mates?", Talia said this last word with difficulty. 
"The way you look at each other. I'm coming from a small pack but during my travels, I saw a number of Alphas and I heard many stories. Alphas don't care about females for more than a night of entertainment. Only when one finds his mate will he show his caring side, and Alpha Damon cares about you." Kalina said matter-of-factly and then she cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "Why do you look confused? Your wolf should tell you if you are his mate or not." 
"My wolf… is gone.", Talia said, and when she was Kalina's puzzled expression she quickly explained, "It happened years ago, an accident." 
"I'm sorry." 
"Don't be. I'm used to it." 
"You are very brave.", Kalina said. "The only indispensable person in my life is my wolf. And now Tony also, so that makes them two. But even if you don't have your wolf, Alpha Damon has his. Didn't he tell you?" 
Talia started shaking her head and then she froze. He never told her that they are mates, or that they are not, but… what's with all that talk about Mrs. Blake, and Luna, and the only girl on the third floor, and the only girl in his bed… was it all teasing or was there more to it? 
Kalina noticed Talia's confused expression and she stifled a giggle. 
"Maybe you should ask him." 
Ask him? There was no way Talia would ask such a question. She shook those thoughts away. How could someone like her be Damon's mate? 
Talia reminded herself to stay present. This was not the time to get lost in daydreaming or self-loathing. 
She was sitting in the presence of a future Luna, and this was Talia's chance to leave a good impression, as a representative of the Dark Howlers pack. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 152 - Mindy Is Here
"I thought that they got the wrong person, but then… how many Talias are in this world?", Mindy spoke enthusiastically while approaching Talia and Kalina. "I didn't expect that you will be here, Talia. What a pleasant surprise!" 
"Hi, Mindy!", Talia greeted cheerfully. "Thank you for coming." 
"Oh, no. Thank you!", Mindy exclaimed while pulling Talia into a hug. "They took me to one of the side houses, but the moment I accepted to come here, I got an upgrade and now I'm in the main house. You have strong connections, Miss MVP of the tournament, Miss Alpha Damon's assistant, Miss Alpha Damon's date.", Mindy said and giggled when she saw Talia's cheeks flushing. 
Talia couldn't believe how well-informed Mindy was. 
Mindy was right that the room upgrade was because of Talia. Actually, Tony instructed Omegas that if Mindy agrees to see Kalina, they should upgrade her room. After all, the most important guests are staying in the main house and if Mindy could become Kalina's friend, she will definitely become very important. 
Talia introduced Mindy to Kalina, and Mindy asked, "You were talking about something when I arrived. What was that?" 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air. She didn't want to bring the point of mates, and she remembered one other thing that was mentioned, "I was telling Lina that my wolf is gone. I'm not really human, and not a werewolf either. I'm an odd one, not fitting anywhere." 
Mindy gave Talia a complicated look. Mindy could see that Talia is on the skinny side, but her senses are not as sharp as her brother's. Maddox told Mindy that Talia was abused and that she is different, but there was no mentioning of Talia's wolf. 
Mindy put her hand on Talia's shoulder. "Being different is a good thing. Look at me. Maybe we can start our own pack of oddballs who don't fit anywhere else." 
"I don't think Alpha Damon will agree. Lia fit into his arms just fine.", Kalina added teasingly, and Talia's face exploded in blush. 
"Lia?", Mindy asked and when Kalina gestured toward Talia, Mindy connected that Lia is Talia's nickname. She liked it. "Can I call you Lia also?" 
Talia nodded sheepishly hoping that this will change the topic from her fitting into Damon's arms, but she realized that she hoped for naught because Mindy was eyeing her with a sly smirk. 
"Alpha Damon hugged you..." 
"And kissed.", Kalina chimed in. 
Mindy's lips formed an 'O'. "I'm not sure if that's good progress or a slow one. When I saw you last time, you were only holding hands under the table." 
Talia felt the ground spinning under her feet. What did Mindy say? 
Their hand-holding was supposed to be sneaky! 
Waah! It seems that everyone knows! 
"They were holding hands under the table? How sweet!", Kalina cooed. 
"Can the two of you bond over something that's not teasing me?", Talia asked Mindy and Kalina. 
Mindy pinched Talia's cheeks. "But you are so easy to tease." 
"I thought you are into charities and helping the ones in need. How is this helping?", Talia complained while rubbing her aching cheeks. 
"You don't look needy.", Mindy said with a smirk. 
"I need you to stop teasing me! That makes me needy." 
Kalina looked at this banter between Talia and Mindy and she enjoyed it very much. At the same time, it reminded her of her sisters. 
Kalina is the youngest among five sisters, and even though all five of them traveled across Europe from their early teens, they all gather at their parent's home during holidays and the atmosphere is very lively. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Eventually, Mindy paid attention to Kalina. "So, you are the new Luna of the Lightclaw pack, Tony's mate. You met days ago, right? How come you are not marked?" 
Kalina reached reflexively for the left side of her neck, where Tony's mark should be. 
When two mates recognize each other, the bond clicks and they indulge in carnal pleasures. By morning, they have each other's marks (unless there are some obstacles). 
"Tony wanted to introduce me to his family first, and then his father insisted on this ceremony. There are too many formalities and people here are not exactly… friendly.", Kalina responded with a sour expression. 
Mindy frowned. "What about Tony?" 
"Tony is great.", Kalina said with haste. "But he can't be with me all the time and…" Kalina let out a long breath. "I grew up in a loving family with not many rules. For the last eight years, I'm traveling and doing my own thing, and all this is suffocating. Honestly, I don't know if I can fit in here." 
"You should know things about this pack. Can you give her some tips or insights?", Talia asked Mindy. 
After a brief silence, Mindy asked, "Can I speak openly?" 
"Please.", Kalina urged her. 
"Tony was not a womanizer. Actually, how much I know, he dated only one woman. High school sweethearts. His relationship status changed when he met you, so it's very fresh, and she is from this pack. Some pack members thought of her as their future Luna, and maybe still do.", Mindy said with a meaningful look. 
Kalina paused for a moment and then nodded in slow motion. "They see me as an impostor." 
Kalina was irked. Why didn't Tony bring up this obstacle? But they met only four days ago and so many things happened since then, so she can't blame him for not talking about his ex-girlfriend. After all, Kalina didn't talk about her ex-boyfriends either. 
"I'm not sure if the impostor is the right word, but yes.", Mindy said. "She had years to win them over, while you are new. Things will be better after this ceremony when Alpha Magnus introduces you to everyone officially." 
Kalina was not sure how much effect this ceremony will have because if Tony's ex won people's hearts, that will be difficult to change. 
Kalina wondered if she can do this. Just until a few days ago, she was a free spirit, Kalina… yet now she is the future Luna, and she needs to make a bunch of strangers like and respect her. What a bother. 
But leaving all this meant leaving Tony and she couldn't do that just how she couldn't put Tony in a position to choose between her and everything else which includes his family, his pack, his duty, and everything else he knew so far. 
Kalina glanced around, seeing only foliage around them, yet feeling that there are invisible eyes directed her way. "Do you know who Tony's ex is? Will she sabotage me or something?" 
"Her name is Lisa." Mindy responded right away, "I don't know how far she will go, but she-wolves are jealous." 
"She is not here now.", Talia chimed in. Damon told her that Stephanie persuaded Lisa to go home and they left already. "Lisa is from the Dark Howlers pack, and she came here after her father died. I believe that she is back home with her mother now, but I don't know for how long." 
Kalina relaxed visibly. "Good. If she is not here tonight, I can relax. As for later, I will see." 
"Don't relax so easily.", Mindy said and Kalina froze. "I don't want to rain on your parade, but…" 
"It's already raining.", Kalina said stiffly. "Just tell me how it is." 
"Alpha Magnus is known for strict rules, and that's not all bad. I mean, the fact that you are Tony's fated mate means that he will accept you no matter who you are, but this…", Mindy gestured at Kalina. "He will try to change. It's up to you how much you will allow him. Prepare for a war against a guy who is not used to others opposing him." 
Kalina pursed her lips. "No matter how much he wants to meddle, that's only while he is Alpha. After he gives his position to Tony, Tony and I will set the rules." 
"You are assuming that he will step down easily.", Mindy said, and when she saw that Kalina's face dropped she reached and patted her hand. "I'm sorry to be the bringer of bad news…" 
"No.", Kalina interrupted Mindy. "I need to know the truth. What you said was not pleasing to hear, but now I understand why people around me behave the way they do." She glanced at Talia. "And now I understand why you said that I should talk to Mindy. Is there any other hidden dirt I should know about? Will everyone be staring at me tonight and hoping I trip and break my neck?" 
Mindy bobbed her head. "If I think of something else, I will let you know. But don't be too tense because this flower here will take some of the heat tonight from you.", Mindy gestured to Talia. 
"What do you mean?", Talia asked stiffly. 
"This is the first time for Alpha Damon to bring a date with him.", Mindy said meaningfully. "Tony is not a womanizer which is unusual for an Alpha, but Damon is the one who not only fits the mold of a promiscuous Alpha, but he actually expanded that mold so that it accommodates all of his escapades. You should be aware that most of the females of the younger generation either slept with him or want to sleep with him, so you better hold onto him tightly or they will snatch him away." 
Talia's face was frozen into an ugly frown. What did Mindy say? 
There was so much information squeezed in those few seconds that Talia was not sure if she should be happy to be Damon's date, or repulsed that he is a man-whore, or cling to him so that another woman doesn't snatch him. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 153 - Talia Is Special
Kalina waved to get Mindy's attention. "Don't confuse Lia. I met Alpha Damon this afternoon and I don't know how he usually behaves but I know what I saw. He was looking at Talia like she is the only woman in the world. He is head over heels for her." 
"Really?", Mindy asked in exaggerated disbelief. 
'Really!?', Talia asked in her mind, grateful that Mindy said that aloud because Talia wanted to hear more on that topic. 
Kalina nodded earnestly. "I'm confident that he is not playing. To prove my point, Tony asked about Lia's Luna ceremony and Alpha Damon didn't dismiss it." 
Mindy glanced at Talia while reassessing her. 
She met Talia only a few days ago, but since then, Talia's image morphed from an underage girl forced to work, to an abused young woman, the MVP of the tournament, someone Alpha Damon put under his protection, and it's not only him, but Alpha Maddox and Axel were also unusually attentive toward Talia… and now Talia is Alpha Damon's assistant, and not only his assistant by his love interest as well? 
Sure, Damon brought Talia here as his date and they were sharing a room, but in the world of werewolves, indulging in carnal pleasures is quite common. If Talia and Damon are rolling in the sheets, no one would bat an eye at it, Mindy included. But if Alpha Damon is really into Talia, that's different. That makes Talia special. 
Mindy's eyes widened as she remembered... "Let me tell you what happened at the recent festival. We were watching the game from the VIP booth and a bunch of soccer players surrounded Talia and were kissing Talia's hand, and Alpha Damon lost it. At that time, I had no idea why he broke the table with snacks but now it makes sense…" 
Talia thought that she heard something unbelievable. Damon was jealous during the tournament to the point of making a scene? Because of her? 
At the sound of Mindy and Kalina giggling, Talia wished for a power to shrink and turn invisible. Why did those two women band together to tease her? 
But Talia didn't sense a single bit of malice, and somehow… she was happy. Was it because she was making friends? Or because they were saying how she is special to Damon? 
"I hear that you are Alpha Damon's assistant.", Mindy said at some point and Talia confirmed with a nod. 
"Don't let him boss you around too much. You can always come and work for me. I need an assistant." 
Talia cocked an eyebrow at Mindy. "You want me to work as your assistant? So that YOU can boss me around?" 
Mindy pursed her lips and Kalina burst into giggles. 
"She got you there.", Kalina said. 
Mindy lifted her chin proudly. "I don't know how my bossiness compares to Alpha Damon's, but I am confident that I'm more fun than he is." 
"That totally depends on the type of fun you are talking about.", Kalina chimed in while waggling her eyebrows and Talia felt the urgency to change the topic because her mind was overloaded with images of her sprawled on the sofa in the study with Damon's head between her legs. 
Ah, if she gets aroused now those two she-wolves will definitely smell her! 
"Did you come on your own or with a date?", Talia asked Mindy, relieved that she stopped the avalanche of improper thoughts that involve a certain Devil. 
"Why would I need a date? I don't need a man to define me." Mindy took pride in being single and having her own accomplishments. 
"That's what I was saying before I met Tony.", Kalina said. "He doesn't define me. He complements me." 
Mindy bobbed her head. "When I find my mate, I will let you know if my opinion changes. Besides, I didn't come here on my own. My brother is here." 
"Who is your brother?", Kalina asked. 
"Alpha Maddox. The Blue River pack." 
Kalina's eyes lit up. "Tony thinks highly of Alpha Maddox, and he was hoping to talk to him tonight." 
Mindy didn't think that's a problem. "I can introduce you when we go back. Or do you want us to go now? He should be in his room." 
Kalina liked this idea. Meeting someone in private is always better than in the middle of a party where everyone is watching them. Once she meets Alpha Maddox, she can help Tony get closer to him also. 
The three of them stood up and walked toward the packhouse while chatting. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon was not at ease after leaving Talia with Kalina. Yes, Mindy was set to join them in a bit, but Damon was not sure if that will be a good thing or not. 
Mindy is known as a spunky woman who does her own thing, and Damon hoped that Mindy influences Talia positively. Well, so far, Mindy didn't do any offenses and Talia has a good opinion of her, so… Damon told himself that he shouldn't overthink it. 
Talia will spend some time with two confident non-Omega females, and he should be supportive. 
Damon didn't give importance to the talk with Tony, but he thought that this is a great chance for Talia to make some girlfriends (emphasis on GIRL-friends). 
However, with every step that increased the distance between him and Talia, Damon's anxiousness swelled, and he had to take deep breaths and force his legs to move because he was close to snapping and rushing back to where Talia was. Only with Talia in his visual range, in touching distance, Damon can be at peace. 
Tony and Damon took seats at one isolated table that was set up for the upcoming party and Damon was glancing in the direction where Talia was. He was frustrated that evergreen foliage was blocking his view. 
What if something makes her uncomfortable? What if some guys start buzzing around her? It wouldn't be the first time. 
Damon hoped that this talk will end as soon as possible. He didn't notice that he was rapping with his fingers on the table nervously. 
Tony assumed that Damon was not eager to talk to him, and he was right in some way, but they were here already, and Tony wanted to clear the air first. 
"I want to apologize." 
"For?", Damon asked. 
"I know that Lisa is like a sister to you, but she is not my mate." 
Damon's fingers that rapped against the surface of the table stopped moving. "There is no need to apologize, Tony. You were treating her well while it lasted, and she knew that this is coming. It's hard on me to see her in this state, but I know that in time she will realize you did the right thing and she will get over it." 
Actually, Damon didn't care about Lisa's love life, but if he said that outright, it would be letting Tony off the hook, and in this way, Damon appeared magnanimous. It's always good to have someone owe you. 
Damon and Lisa grew up in the same packhouse and he treated her as his little sister, but with eight years wide age gap they were not really playmates. Lisa was the daughter of Damon's parents' Betas, they ate in the same dining room, and attended pack events together, but that's it. 
Besides, for the last ten years, Lisa is living with her aunt and visiting the Dark Howlers pack only for some school breaks and holidays, so Damon and Lisa are not really close. 
There was a time when Damon would hold Lisa's hand when they walked on the streets of Darkbourne, first to support a wobbling toddler, and then out of habit, but that was a long time ago. 
Sure, if Lisa is in distress, Damon would help her, but that includes real danger and not her romantic life. 
Seeing that Damon was not upset about Lisa, Tony exhaled in relief. 
Tony didn't dare to disclose Alpha Magnus's plan which included Tony marking Lisa and making her his Luna with the hope to establish a better relationship with the Dark Howlers pack. Of course, this was in the case that Tony didn't find his fated mate within the time that Tony's father found acceptable. 
"I didn't get a chance to talk to Lisa after...", Tony's voice trailed, but Damon understood. 
"It's probably better that you stay away from now. Let her cool off." 
Damon didn't see Lisa, but he heard from Stephanie that Lisa is hysteric. 
Damon knows a thing or two about dealing with unhinged women who got ditched. 
In Damon's opinion, there should be an isolated island for those women; a self-sufficient island with a tall fence, surrounded by an endless ocean full of sharks and mythical monsters so that none of those women can escape. Other than Cassie, Damon could think of at least a dozen more names to send to that place. 
With the topic of Lisa out of the way, Tony could relax. "Thank you for introducing Mindy to Kalina. This is Kalina's second day here and she has trouble making friends." 
"If you want to thank someone, thank Talia. Mindy and I are not close." 
"Talia.", Tony repeated. "She looks like a nice girl.", Tony said cautiously while gauging Damon's reaction. 
"She is special.", Damon responded mysteriously without any intention to elaborate on it. 
Damon decided to stir the topic away from Talia, "Did you bring me here to talk about my love life or…?" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 154 - Advice For The Future Alpha
Tony sensed the weight of Damon's presence pressing on him. 
Damon is not much older than Tony, both of them are in their twenties, but Tony felt like he was sitting with a seasoned veteran. 
"To be honest, I'm not sure from where to start.", Tony said. "It's not a secret that my father didn't treat me as his heir so far. I am clueless about how to lead the pack or how to do politics. Tell me some bits that might be good for a total newbie to start with but keep it low level so that I understand." 
Damon thought how Tony's behavior is not befitting an Alpha. Yes, Tony has Alpha blood in him, but his father suppressed him for such a long time, that Tony looked like a toothless pup. 
"It is good that you are aware of your shortcomings.", Damon said bluntly. "Start with three things. First, increase your training regime. Future Alphas have intense training from the moment they hit their teens, some earlier. When did you start?" 
Tony was embarrassed to admit. "I didn't." 
He exercises regularly, but there is no combat training and whenever he asked his father about it, Alpha Magnus would say that there is plenty of time and that Tony should focus on academics first. Eventually, Tony stopped asking. 
"If you don't have trustworthy people, you can come to my pack for guidance. My generals can show you the ropes." 
Tony picked up something from Damon's words. "Are you saying that I shouldn't trust my pack members?" 
"Ask yourself if they are yours or your father's. Soldiers don't serve two Alphas. The fact that you asked me that question tells me how sheltered you are. Werewolves follow the strong one. You have the Alpha gene working in your favor, but if that's the only thing you are relying on, people will challenge your position openly and ridicule you behind your back. And that brings me to my second point. Trust. You need to find people who will watch your back through thick and thin." 
"How do I do that?", Tony was really clueless. He has a bunch of friends, but will they risk their safety for him? Tony was not sure. 
"Everyone is different. Only in a time of need, you will confirm who will come to your rescue. Be prepared to be disappointed by people you pinned on, and also to get unexpected assistance." 
Tony nodded in slow motion while his heart turned heavier by the moment. Alpha's standing is determined by his power and support of his pack, and Damon just told him that he has neither. 
"And the third point?", Tony asked. 
"Open your eyes. Keep in mind that person you consider as your enemy can't betray you." 
Tony didn't like this. "Are you saying that people close to me will backstab me? Are you talking about my father?" 
"That's not what I said." But, yes, your father. "You need to use your eyes and your head, all the time. Ask yourself, what kind of an Alpha do you want to be? Who is helping you and who is hindering you? If the day comes that you get your father's position and you don't have your Beta by your side, it will be too late to pick one because the moment you ascend that position, everyone will suck up to you with the hope to gain benefits…" 
Damon didn't have problems sharing some of his experiences with Tony, but he didn't want to do the work for him. If Tony doesn't see that his father is using him, that will be Tony's downfall. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In one of the supporting buildings, behind the packhouse… 
Nora plopped on the bed and looked around the room. 
There were two twin beds, one for her and one for Marcy, one dresser, two armoires, and a table with two chairs. 
The view from the window was just pointing at some trees and rocks, and Nora could see two more buildings that were the same as the one she was in. 
The good thing was that the room came with a private bathroom. 
Nora was not happy. Not because the room was subpar, or because she needed to share the room with Marcy, but because Alpha Edward and Luna Layla got a room in the main building (aka the packhouse), and also because… "Are you fine that Alpha Damon is here with some slut?" 
Marcy rolled her eyes. Of course, she was not fine! With everyone believing that she is going to be the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, and Damon coming with another woman to this event, it will only stir rumors that her engagement plopped, or that he is cheating and there is not a damn thing she can do about it. 
But what were Marcy's options? To stay home and hide? How will that help? 
By showing up, at least she can feign that his behavior doesn't impact her. 
As a Luna, Marcy needs to be above pesky quarrels and trivial events. 
Any woman warming Damon's bed is insignificant compared to Marcy being his Luna, and Marcy will need to swallow her grievances for another week (give or take a day), and once the engagement is official, she will push for the Luna ceremony to happen as soon as possible. 
Once Damon's mark is on her, the bond will form, he will stop sleeping around, and then she can start openly claiming what's hers. At least that's the plan. 
Besides, Marcy knew that Nora was provoking her, and she didn't want to give Nora the pleasure of seeing Marcy losing her cool. 
"You heard my father, Nora. If I stir trouble before the engagement is finalized, it will only explode in my face. I don't want to risk angering Alpha Damon now. With his temper, he might back out of it. This is my chance to show Alpha Damon that I am levelheaded, and I know my place. If he brought a woman, as an Alpha, that's his right. Alpha Damon bedded many women, why is this one different than any other?" 
Nora narrowed her eyes at Marcy. "You know that he never came with a woman. Alpha Damon is a lone hunter; he finds a woman, gets a taste and moves on. This time he came WITH someone. The WW Magazine will be here and if they snap a photo of Alpha Damon and his date, they will become a viral item. How can you be so calm about this?" 
Marcy shot her a side-glare. "And why are you so hyped up about this? If I don't know better, I would imagine that you are trying to claim him as yours." 
Nora laughed nervously. "Nonsense. I am only upset for you. That's all." 
Marcy plastered a smile on her face. Yeah, right. 
"Well, I am thankful to have you for a friend, Nora. But I have no intention of going against my father's orders. I am here to make friends with the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack. It will benefit the Red Moon pack and my future husband. Who knows? Maybe WW Magazine snaps a photo of me and Alpha Damon talking? As for you..." 
Marcy narrowed her eyes at Nora. "You are here because you wanted to accompany me. Be good and don't cause trouble. If we bump into Alpha Damon, with or without his date, we are to greet him politely and move on. Since you know so much about him, you should also know that he doesn't like clingy women." 
Nora exhaled sharply in frustration. 
"I am overjoyed that you are so concerned about me, Nora. However, it is not necessary to lose sleep over trivial matters. Once Alpha Damon marks me, I will be the only woman in his eyes and none of these bed climbers will have a chance. He will look only… at… me." 
Nora's face was blank, but on the inside, she was boiling. 
Marcy's smile was irritating, and Nora wished to scratch her face. But she also knew that Marcy was right. 
Nora hoped that Marcy will get close to Damon and Nora takes advantage of that, but it was true that after they mark each other, Damon's interest in other women will wane. 
Where does that leave her? 
With every passing second, Nora's fury swelled, and she couldn't stand it anymore. If she allows her fa?ade to crumble in front of Marcy, it will all be over. Nora scooted off the bed with urgency. 
"Where are you going?", Marcy asked when she saw that Nora was heading for the door. 
"Out. There are almost two hours until the party starts. I will take a walk. Maybe I meet someone I know." 
"Don't cause trouble.", Marcy warned her. 
"I'm not a baby. I will be back in time to get ready…" And with that, Nora left the room. 
Marcy wanted to stop her or maybe join her, but then she gave up. Marcy was tired of pretending to be friendly with Nora. Like this, at least she can relax on her own in the room, and if Nora causes an incident, Marcy can say that Nora did it on her own. Besides, Nora is not a baby. Those were her words. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 155 - Scandalous Scene [Bonus ]
Talia, Kalina, and Mindy made their way through the hallway of the packhouse while chattering and giggling. The mood was good. 
Talia was happy to see that Kalina and Mindy clicked right away, and she was even happier that somehow she was part of that lively group. Like equal. It was surreal. 
"I think this is the one.", Mindy said when she stopped in front of the certain door. "My room is all the way in the back, but I'm not complaining. Just being in the packhouse is an honor considering who all is in attendance." 
"Where are you staying?", Mindy asked Talia. 
Talia pointed backward. "We passed my room." 
Mindy nodded in understanding. Well, Talia is with Damon, so it's normal that she is staying in the main building, and considering Damon's status, they probably got one of the best rooms available. 
Mindy knocked twice at the door of Maddox's room, and she tried mind-linking him, but she got no response. 
"Are you sure this is OK?", Kalina asked when Mindy put her hand on the door handle. 
"Yeah, yeah. Max is probably in the shower or busy playing a video game. He shuts down mind-link when he is relaxing.", Mindy responded with confidence and pushed the door open. "See? It's not locked…" 
Mindy's eyebrow twitched at the scandalous scene in front of them. 
Some pillows were obstructing the view of the most important parts, but even with that, they could see a side view of Maddox on the bed, in a position like he was doing pushups and two female legs sticking in the air around him. 
Talia's eyes widened in shock, and she nervously looked down only to see a black skirt. A bit further was a white shirt tangled with a lacy bra, and then black thongs. 
The female under Maddox moaned, and Talia's eyes snapped back toward the bed. 
"Yeah, just like that. Ah! You are the best, Alpha Maddox!" 
Maddox groaned. "Enjoy the ride, baby… Call me Maddox when I'm inside you…" 
Mindy put her index finger in her mouth and stuck her tongue out, like she was gagging before turning to Kalina and Talia. "I should have known. As you can see, my brother is busy. I apologize, but the introductions will need to be postponed." 
"Mindy!?", Maddox exclaimed in outrage. 
At first, he thought that he imagined his sister's voice, but then he looked up and saw that it's real. 
It's not the first time for Mindy to intrude on his activity, but why did it look like she was giving a tour? 
"What the fuck, Mindy!?" He was upset but he didn't stop thrusting into the woman below him. 
"Yeah, Max.", Mindy said sarcastically. "What. The. Fuck. Literally." She waved dismissively. "Focus so you don't go soft. We will talk later." 
Nakedness and sex are no big deal for werewolves, so Mindy and Kalina were not shocked, but Talia stood rooted in place. She knew that it's improper and outrageous, but she couldn't stop staring. 
Every time she tried to peel her eyes away from Alpha Maddox and the woman below him, the woman would moan and that was like a magnetic pull for Talia's attention, and she was back to staring at the duo. 
Suddenly, everything turned black, and Talia felt something pressing against her eyes. 
Talia was about to panic, but then the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate entered her system, and she relaxed. 
"Maddox!", Damon roared. "Don't you have no shame?" 
Damon and Tony finished their talk and went to join their girls but then one Omega told them that Talia, Kalina, and Mindy went into the packhouse, and Damon and Tony saw them standing in the hallway and entering the room and Damon was not sure what to expect but this… he definitely didn't expect this. 
"Unless you plan to join us, get out!", Maddox growled. 
Maddox couldn't believe this. What kind of a place is this? 
It's all Mindy's fault! He is never bringing his sister to events anymore! 
Maddox cursed Mindy silently. Why was she still lingering? What is she doing? Is she selling tickets? 
How can he enjoy sex when the audience is increasing? He is an Alpha and not some X-rated performer, damn it! 
Damon pulled Talia out of the room without removing his hand from her eyes, and the moment they stepped into the hallway, Damon scooped Talia in his arms and carried her into their room without a word. 
Mindy, Kalina, and Tony exchanged nervous glances, all three of them were sweating due to Damon's icy Alpha aura. 
In the garden, Kalina thought of Damon as another handsome guy and she was confident that Tony was exaggerating when he said that Damon should not be crossed, but now Kalina realized that Damon is a bringer of calamity. She never felt so oppressed by just standing next to someone. 
"Will Lia be OK?", Kalina asked while trying to shake off the fear which entered her bones. 
Mindy's frown eased when she saw that Talia put her arms around Damon's neck. "She will be fine." 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon slammed the door to close with his leg and threw Talia on the bed. 
Talia looked at Damon who was pacing through the room, occasionally stopping to look at her with a frown or to shove his hand into his hair, and then he was back to pacing. 
Talia was getting dizzy how much Damon walked back and forth, but she didn't dare to look away or say anything. She never saw him this upset. 
Damon was more than upset. He was enraged and in disbelief. What's with this horrible luck? 
How is it possible that every time Talia slips out of his sight he finds her in a compromising situation? First, the soccer players kissing her hand, and then in the Shifters nightclub a drunkard having his hands on her, wretched coach next to the lake, and now Alpha Maddox… naked… fucking some random Omega he picked up. That girl probably came to bring him snacks and the horny Alpha ended up snacking on her, and Talia was watching! 
How much did she see? Did she enjoy the show? 
"Damn it, Talia!", Damon said eventually. "Every time you leave my sight I end up finding you with some guys!" 
Talia blinked. "What guys?" She was clearly just with Mindy and Kalina. 
Damon frowned. He wanted to talk, but his anger rendered him mute. 
He stood next to the bed and narrowed his eyes at her. "Why were you staring at Maddox so intently?" And it was not only Maddox. It was Kalina's tattoos and Liam's also, and who knows how many more!? 
Talia was not sure how to respond to this. Well… Maddox was naked, doing stuff, and there were sounds and… how can she not look? But she couldn't say that. 
Talia's eyes widened in shock when Damon started undoing the buttons of his shirt. 
"What are you doing?", Talia squeaked. 
"I don't want you to remember his naked body.", Damon said. "Look at me until I erase his image." 
Talia would laugh if not for the extreme anxiety that crashed on her. 
Damon's shirt was on the floor, and he was unbuttoning his pants. 
"Are you serious?" He can't be serious, right? 
Damon let go of the buttons and crawled on the bed toward Talia. 
"You don't understand, kitten. How can you look at anyone else's body? Do they have something I don't? Don't answer that. I want you to look at me. Only me. You are mine." 
By the time Damon finished talking, he was above Talia, on his arms and knees, his hands on each side of her head, and his knees were at the level of her hips. 
Talia stared in his icy-blue eyes that stirred with unfathomable emotions and she forgot to breathe while his words echoed in her head. 
Is it possible that under that harsh and unapproachable fa?ade Damon was insecure? 
Talia remembered Mindy's story about Damon trashing the table in jealousy when he saw her surrounded by soccer players. And she remembered that Damon lost his parents as a teen, and then he lost his friends, and she realized that he has abandonment fears and for some inexplicable reason, he feared that she will leave him. 
Doesn't that mean that he wants her in his life? 
Talia cupped his cheek with her palm and smiled. "I am looking at you, Damon. Only at you." She repeated silently that as long as he treats her well, she won't leave him, and then she lifted her head and kissed him on the lips and Damon visibly relaxed. 
He returned her kisses with desperation and passion that made her toes curl involuntarily. 
"Say that you are mine, kitten…", Damon murmured between kisses. 
"Yours", she said, and he hummed in approval. 
"Again.", Damon demanded. 
Talia smiled. "I am yours." 
And then he kissed her again. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 156 - Unexpected Visitor
Talia got out of the shower, and she realized that she had nothing to wear in the bathroom. 
She was dazed from all the kissing and when Damon told her to get ready first, she just went with it robotically. 
Now that she was clearheaded, Talia frowned at the thought that she had no idea what dress Damon packed for her to wear tonight. What if he forgot to pack something fancy? 
Ah! She will need shoes and some makeup also. The only makeup she has is a lip gloss that Maya gave her. This will be a disaster! 
Well, no point in dwelling on it now, she will work with what she has. 
Talia took the bathrobe and put it on, tightening the belt around her firmly before stepping out. 
Talia froze at the sight of Damon and two young women in the room. What the…? 
When did he manage to pick up women? And two of them? Scandalous images of Maddox and a woman under him flashed in Talia's mind and she frowned while thinking that Alphas really don't have any issues finding women to serve them. 
"These two will help you get ready.", Damon said while taking a large plastic garment bag, and only then Talia noticed that two women stood in attention while staring at their feet. 
Both women were wearing black pencil skirts and white shirts. Omegas. 
Talia released the breath she was holding. Why did she allow her imagination to run wild? Was she jealous? 
Damon stopped next to Talia and pecked her lips. "I can't wait to see you in the dress.", he murmured. 
Damon glanced at two Omegas and spoke sternly, "Serve her well. You have twenty minutes." 
"Yes, Alpha Damon!", two women responded in unison. 
Damon nodded in approval and gave one more kiss to Talia before walking into the bathroom. 
"This way, Mrs. Blake…", one Omega said while gesturing toward the chair. 
The room had a table with three chairs, tucked next to the wall with one figurine of a deer on it, so Talia didn't pay attention to it before. But now the table had on it a mirror and some makeup and brushes, and Talia understood that she will get a makeover. 
Talia's eyes wandered over the table and then she glanced at women to see that both of them had dark brown hair pulled into a neat bun, and they had similar features. Talia wondered if they are sisters… Wait! 
Did she hear that woman right? 
"How did you call me?" 
"Alpha Damon said to address you as Mrs. Blake.", she said. 
Seeing that Talia froze, the other woman added while gesturing to the blow dryer in her hand, "Don't worry, Mrs. Blake, we know what we are doing. Alpha Damon said to treat you as his Luna…" 
Talia's mind was spinning. What Mrs. Blake? What Luna? How much more misunderstandings will Damon cause? Was he getting a kick from her misfortune? But… was there any need to explain to these two? Forget it. Talia wouldn't know from where to start explaining. 
"Can you call me Talia?" 
"Yes, Ms. Talia!", they responded in unison. 
"What are your names?" 
Two Omegas exchanged glances before responding with, Lily and Ivy. 
Talia didn't know that Lily and Ivy are working at the packhouse for years, taking care of guests and their needs, and this was the first time that anyone asked them about their names. 
Talia sat on the chair and Lily immediately started drying her hair while Ivy applied moisturizer on Talia's face and worked her way down toward the neck and shoulders, pushing the bathrobe to open more with each stroke. 
Talia closed her eyes and sank into the chair. It was not as good as the spa that morning, but she could get used to this pampering. 
"Damon mentioned a dress…", Talia remembered. 
"Yes, we brought it.", Lily answered while gesturing behind her. 
Talia craned her neck to see a headless mannequin wearing a golden sleeveless floor-length dress that had a shiny sequined bodice and a light flowy skirt that looked like it was made out of several layers of see-through silk. Talia really wanted to touch it and confirm if it's as soft as it looks. 
Talia's insides fluttered. She never wore anything so fancy. 
This was definitely not from her closet. 
"Did you say that you brought the dress with you?", Talia asked. 
"Yes, Ms. Talia.", Lily responded. "It arrived earlier this afternoon and Luna Alicia told us to hold it until Alpha Damon calls for it. It arrived with shoes and matching jewelry." 
"You are very lucky, Ms. Talia…", Ivy chimed in. "I've never seen an Alpha doting on his Luna this much…" 
Talia smiled awkwardly but she didn't want to correct the misunderstanding. Maybe for tonight, she can be Damon's Luna. 
Talia confirmed that Damon organized all this, and she was amazed at how he could think about the little details. It reminded her of how he prepared her an outfit for her first day of work as his assistant, and even though she said how it's not necessary, he continued doing that every day. 
She never expected that a scary Alpha will be so attentive. From clothes to food and making her comfortable and safe, and above all that, Damon made her feel needed, important. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Lily was flat-ironing Talia's hair and Ivy was applying foundation when a knock sounded from the door. 
It took a moment for Talia to realize that she should answer, and she started scrambling to tighten the bathrobe around her. 
"Ms. Talia, do you want me to get that?", Ivy offered, and Talia nodded gratefully. 
Talia hoped that whoever it is, got the wrong door or maybe it's some delivery and Ivy will handle it. 
"Can I help you?", Ivy asked after opening the door. 
"I'm here to see Alpha Damon", a female voice drifted into the room and Talia pressed her lips into a line as her insides tightened. The woman sounded official. If she is from the Ligthclaw pack, Ivy should know her, right? 
"Alpha Damon is busy.", Ivy responded. "Can I take a message?" 
"Why are you here?", the female voice responded with a question, and Ivy turned to look at Talia helplessly. 
Talia glanced at Lily to see that she already released her hair and Talia took a deep breath before standing up. 
Talia's eyes widened at the sight of Nora who was looking into the room around Ivy who was blocking her sight. 
Talia's mind worked a million thoughts a second. 
Why is Red Moon Beta's daughter here? Is Marcy here also? Did she recognize her? No… Talia saw Nora many times and she knew who Nora is, but Nora never paid attention to Omegas. 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air when Nora looked at her with a frown. 
It took Talia a moment to gather her wits and to remind herself that she is here with Damon. Not as someone he rescued, not as his assistant, but as his date and these two Omegas think of Talia as Damon's Luna. She should act like it. 
Talia straightened her back and responded to the question that Nora asked Ivy. "Ivy and Lily are here to help me get ready for the party. Who are you and why are you looking for Damon?" 
Nora stared at Talia in disbelief. 
Nora wanted to see Damon, to remind him of Marcy's existence and of hers as well, and she knew that Damon brought a woman with him, but she didn't expect that the woman will act like she owns the place, and even have helpers to get ready. 
Talia tilted her head while looking at Nora who was standing there stupidly. 
The proud Miss Nora that Talia knew from her time at the Red Moon pack was nowhere to be found. This was just some random nobody who wanted to disturb her peace with Damon. 
Talia felt anger bubbling inside her. Did Nora want to snatch Damon? 
"Did you forget to speak?", Talia snapped at Nora. "You have five seconds to respond, or I will call security. How did you find this room?" Talia turned to Ivy. "Rooms of the VIP guests shouldn't be disclosed. Alpha Damon won't be pleased that a random person disturbed us. Can you find who leaked this information?" 
Ivy nodded rapidly. "Yes, Ms. Talia. I will do my best." And then Ivy's eyes lost focus while she was mind-linking someone. 
Talia turned her attention back on Nora. "Well? If you have something to say to Damon, I will be happy to convey your message once he is out of the shower, and if you wanted anything more than talking…" Talia narrowed her eyes while allowing her fury to wash over her. "Damon is taken." 
Nora was not aware at what point she took a step back. She jolted when Talia slammed the door in her face. 
Nora reached for her forehead and wiped it. Why was she sweaty? Why was she unable to speak? Nothing made sense, but she was alarmed by the fact that the woman with Damon is not just some random nobody. Did Omega call her Ms. Talia? What was with all that respect and special treatment? And did Talia call her a nobody? She is Beta's daughter! How is that a nobody!? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 157 - Talia’s Makeover
After slamming the door in Nora's face, Talia plopped on the chair and released the breath she was holding. 
Ivy was still frozen while mind-linking, so Talia spoke to Lily. 
"If that woman doesn't leave, just call security. Damon has no meetings scheduled today, and we don't know who she is. Can anyone come here?" 
Lily looked at Talia apologetically. "I can confirm that she is not from the Lightclaw pack. We have a lot of guests in the packhouse, and it seems that she slipped through the cracks. Our security is focusing on keeping uninvited people outside. Considering that all guests are high-ranking members, this kind of behavior is unexpected." 
Lily continued flat ironing Talia's hair. "You handled her well, Ms. Talia." 
Talia hid her trembling hands in the sleeves of her bathrobe and glanced up at Lily. "Really? To be honest, I didn't expect that someone will show up like that." 
"It's unfortunate, but some women will go after Alphas who are married with kids. Nothing is off-limits for them. Alpha Damon is a handsome man. You are lucky that he cares for you." 
Talia blinked. "What makes you think he cares?" 
"If he doesn't dote on you, he wouldn't ask us to style you for the party, Ms. Talia. I noticed the difference between how Alpha Damon talked to you and how he spoke to us. I know a bit about fashion, and that dress is the latest model from a popular designer... I forgot his name, but I remember that the queue for his works is months long. Together with jewelry, I'm sure it costs a fortune...", Lily blabbered while working on Talia's hair and Talia felt warm and fuzzy feeling swelling in her chest. 
"Security is looking through surveillance footage, Ms. Talia.", Ivy said when she resumed applying foundation on Talia's face. "That was Miss Nora from the Red Moon pack. They saw her coming in and no one stopped her, because they assumed she came here to speak to her Alpha. Security will talk to her and clarify the issue…" 
Talia's insides tightened. This means that Alpha Edward is here. 
What about Marcy? Alpha Edward wouldn't bring Nora to such an event, not without Marcy. Talia overheard Omegas at the Red Moon pack talking about how Nora and Marcy clicked from the moment Marcy returned from Europe, and they probably came together. 
Facing Nora was one thing because Talia never interacted with Nora directly, but Marcy beat her up twice and Talia's body still remembers it even though bruises healed. 
Talia was concerned. Will she be able to face Marcy and not fall apart? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"All done!", Ivy exclaimed while putting the contouring brush on the table victoriously. 
Talia leaned closer to the mirror to see her face. 
A bit of a blush on her cheeks… mix of brown and golden eyeshadow created a smokey-eye effect… mascara and reddish lip gloss enhanced Talia's features and made her polished, yet it was not over the top. 
Talia stood up in front of the full-length mirror. She couldn't recognize herself. 
Her hair was nicely sleeked back to come together in an elegant low ponytail, and she had dangling circular golden earrings that went great with the golden floor-length dress which fit her like it was made for her. The golden sequined bodice was separated from the delicate golden skirt by a black belt that had intricate golden details on it, perfectly accentuating Talia's narrow waist. 
There was a golden necklace in the set, but Talia refused to wear it. 
The bodice of her gown was sparkly, and Talia thought that if she wears a golden necklace, it would be too flashy. 
When Talia was barefoot, her gown was touching the floor, and Talia hummed in approval to see that it was just right after she put on heeled black shoes with golden details that came with the dress. 
Talia twirled on her toes and a giggle escaped her lips at the sight of the flowy skirt that opened in layers, like delicate butterfly wings. 
She felt like a princess after this makeover and it reminded her of the Cinderella story. 
Talia took a mental note to hold onto her shoes because those must be expensive. Will she be able to cover the cost of damaging or losing a shoe? That came to her mind because Cinderella found her prince after losing a shoe. Actually, Talia had no need to relinquish a shoe because her prince was only one door away, getting ready to attend the party with her. 
Mental images of Damon wearing various clothes flashed in Talia's mind and she was confident that Damon will be dashing no matter what he wears, as always. 
Talia thought how life was not fair. Why does the prince look good in anything, while Cinderella needs a makeover? 
"You will be the most eye-catching lady at the party tonight.", Ivy's compliment reminded Talia that she was not alone. 
Lily hummed in agreement. "You look like a fairy, Miss Talia." 
Talia smiled at the compliments. Maybe they were just polite, but it still felt good to hear something like that. Eye-catching. Fairy. 
What will Damon think? 
Ivy and Lily were packing makeup and hairstyling gadgets, and their movements stopped when they heard noise from the bathroom which announced that Damon will come out any minute. 
"We will take our leave.", Lily said and gestured to the lip gloss. "Keep this in your purse to retouch it through the evening. Feel free to call us if you need anything else, Ms. Talia." 
Lily's words reminded Talia that her outfit came with a matching purse. It was black with golden details, just like her shoes and belt on her gown. 
"Don't you want to stay? You did a great job, I'm sure that Damon will praise you.", Talia said. 
Ivy was tugging Lily's arm toward the door. "We need to leave. It was an honor to serve you, Ms. Talia." 
Talia exhaled helplessly. "Thank you for helping me get ready. I really appreciate it." 
Ivy and Lily bowed and scurried out of the room. 
The main door closed and a second later, the bathroom door opened. 
Talia turned to see Damon standing frozen and looking at her from head to toe several times. His expression told her that he approved. He approved very much. 
Damon was wearing black trousers and a black shirt. There was no necktie and the top button of his shirt was undone. At first glance, it was nothing fancy about his outfit, because Talia saw him wearing similar clothes before, but then Talia noticed golden details on the collar of Damon's shirt and along the strip that covered the buttons. 
The designs matched the ones she had on her purse, belt, and shoes, and the colors matched her outfit with the difference that she had more golden while Damon had more black. 
Her heart fluttered at the thought that they were wearing couple's outfits. 
Damon ran his hand through his hair that was still damp from the shower. "I don't think we are going to the party, kitten." 
Talia looked at him in disbelief. 
"You are kidding. Why did I suffer through this styling session?", she whined. 
Damon chuckled and stalked toward Talia, stopping only an inch from her. The scent of his aftershave splashed on her, but she could still clearly distinguish Damon's scent of the forest and the dark chocolate. 
"If you go out like this, I will end up killing guys who are gawking at you." 
This reminded her. "And what will you do if one of those guys comes knocking on the door of our room and demands to see me while refusing to say why?" 
Damon frowned. That was oddly specific. "Did we have a visitor?" 
Talia was impressed that he got it right away. "Nora. Beta's daughter from the Red Moon pack." 
Knots formed in Damon's stomach when he remembered a brunette following after him. He couldn't recall her face clearly, but he definitely remembered taking her from behind. 
Why did he feel so guilty about it? Is it because that happened after he met Talia? Or is it because he imagined Talia's coppery hair bunched in his hand instead of Nora's? 
Damon shook those thoughts away. There was no point in regretting anything. Besides, it's not like he was cheating. He didn't even know Talia's name then! 
But it was undeniable that something gnawed his insides. 
Damon bedded more women than he could count, but that incident with Nora was the only one he really wanted to scrape from his memory. 
"What did she want?", Damon asked stiffly. 
"To see you. She didn't say more than that." 
One knot in Damon's stomach was undone. At least Nora didn't cause trouble. For now. But there was another thing. "Did she recognize you?" 
"No.", Talia said and glanced toward the mirror. "To be honest, I don't recognize myself." 
Damon touched Talia's chin, making her turn to look at him. "You are beautiful, as always." 
Talia blushed. "This is not how I normally look. This is definitely an upgrade. Thank you for getting Lily and Ivy to help me get ready and for the dress and… everything." 
Talia wouldn't call herself beautiful, but she was definitely more sophisticated and sparkly. 
Damon leaned closer and pecked her lips. "No dress is doing your wonderful body justice, kitten. If you want an upgrade to your appearance, you should get naked, but don't forget… that's only for me to see." 
Talia thought that the air in the room was getting thin. Why else would she get this breathy? 
--- 
See in the comments Talia after her makeover 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 158 - Ready For The Party
"Why would Nora come here?", Talia asked Damon, feeling that visit from someone that belongs to the Red Moon pack shouldn't be skimmed over. "Nora was confident that you will see her." 
Damon shrugged. "I don't know. I barely spoke to her at the Red Moon pack." Well, they were doing something else, but there was not much talking involved. 
Talia thought how Nora's behavior was odd. What was she missing? Even if Marcy sent her, Nora was too courageous. Or was she brave only because Damon was not in sight? Who would know how Nora's brain is working? 
Talia recollected Nora's visit while talking, "Nora wanted to see you, and then she asked Omegas why they were here. I told her that they were helping me to get ready for the party and Nora just stood there and stared at me like I have two heads or something." 
"And?", Damon probed, equally curious and anxious. 
"Nothing. I closed the door and she left." 
She wanted to tell him that she was channeling the feeling of being his Luna, but she kept that to herself. Would a Luna close the door rudely without saying goodbye? 
Damon relaxed. Did it really end like that? "You closed the door? Just like that?" 
Talia smiled smugly. "In her face. Ivy told me that security will talk to Nora and investigate why she came here. They didn't stop her from coming this way because they assumed she wanted to visit Alpha Edward. But her coming here was not accidental, she was looking for you." 
Damon was pleased that Talia dealt with Nora, and he regretted not seeing it in person. He would give anything to see his kitten showing her claws. 
Can Damon connect this incident with Marcy and use it to ditch the stupid engagement which he had no plans to participate in? He really didn't want Marcy to come to the Dark Howlers pack. Actually, he would have completely forgotten about it if Alpha Edward didn't call two days ago. 
However, for tonight, Damon wanted to focus on Talia because the guest list is full of people who won't shy from stirring trouble and he hoped that Talia will hold onto her cheeky confidence. 
"You did good, kitten. No matter who comes to cause trouble, feel free to deal with them any way you see fit." 
"I never did anything like that... closing the door on someone.", Talia said honestly while thinking about Nora's stupefied expression. "If not for your support, I would probably just lower my head and wait for her to leave." 
"Don't give me credits for this, kitten. It was all you. I was not even in the room." 
"But I knew you've got my back." 
Damon loved that Talia said she was relying on him. This was another first. 
"Keep that on your mind, kitten. This is not the Red Moon pack. You are here as an important guest, my woman. And I've got your back. Always." 
Talia smiled foolishly. He said that she is important and his and that he will protect her. She liked that very much. 
He already had her heart and with their every interaction, the moody Alpha was crumbling the mental protection she built over the years. 
Damon pecked Talia's lips once, twice, and then he groaned while inching away. 
"What?", Talia asked when she saw him frowning at her dress. 
"I want to hold you but I'm afraid that I will mess up your hair or dress." 
"I'm sure that a hug is fine.", Talia said in a small voice. 
Damon chuckled. "I want to do more than just hugging." 
His eyes lit up when he got an idea. "How about you remove the dress? It has a zipper on the back, right? Let me help you with that." 
Damon nudged her shoulders lightly, indicating that she should turn, but Talia refused. 
"We should go to the party. It's six o'clock.", Talia reminded him. 
Damon made a face. "Just a little bit." 
Talia couldn't believe how childish he was. "No. If I remove the dress, it will take a long time to be presentable because my hair and makeup will also be messed up." And she will definitely create creases on his finely pressed shirt. 
Damon exhaled dejectedly. "Maybe coming to this party was not a good idea." 
Talia giggled when she saw him pouting. She wished to take a photo as evidence that scary Alpha can pout. He was cute. 
"How about this? We will go to the party and when we return, I will make it up to you." 
Damon's lips stretched into a grin. "Really? Is that a promise?" 
Talia had a feeling that he was thinking about something outrageous. But what can be more outrageous than him undressing and touching her down there? Even his head was between her legs and he licked her. At that thought, Talia blushed profusely. 
Damon took a deep breath when the scent of Talia's arousal reached him. "I see we have a deal, kitten. I am eager to see how you will make it up to me." 
Before Talia could respond, he pushed her to move toward the door. 
"Let's make an appearance, kitten. The faster we go, the faster we will return, and then I don't need to worry about wrinkling your dress." Or tearing it into shreds. 
Talia couldn't keep up with his quick mood change. "Eh?" 
"You never said how long we need to stay at the party.", he reminded her with a wink. "Five minutes, no more than ten, and we will be back." 
Talia shook her head helplessly. Her playful Alpha was here, and she didn't hate it. Not even a little bit. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The party was held in the event hall which had three French doors that were fully open to provide access to the terrace and the garden where tables were arranged for the guests. 
Luckily, it was late afternoon, and the sun was easing up, but the air still carried unpleasant dry heat. 
To help guests cool off, among the tables in the garden, there were many barrels filled with icy water and various bottled beverages floating in it, available for anyone to help themselves. 
Werewolves have increased metabolism which makes them warmer than humans, and they have no problems dealing with cold, but this scorching heat is a different thing. Many of the people present wanted to rip their fancy clothes off and take a dip in those barrels which were inviting with a promise of pleasant freshness, but this was an upscale event, so they held those urges back. 
New Luna announcement was an important occasion, one of the largest a pack of werewolves could have, and the Lightclaw pack didn't skim on preparations or on the number of guests, even though everything was done in haste. 
The moment Tony called home saying that he found his fated mate, his mother (aka Luna Alicia) summoned her helpers to come up with a timeline and assess how much time they need to prepare a party fit to welcome the new Luna. 
If they delayed, it might appear they are not happy that Tony found his partner for life, the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack. 
Luna Alicia was also mindful of the fact that Tony was dating Lisa and that over the years, Lisa's presence cast a shadow on the pack. That's why the party area was decorated elegantly with streamers, balloons, flowers, music, bountiful food and beverages, and there will be fireworks later in the evening. 
Luna Alicia warned her son that he shouldn't be attached to one girl because he is the son of the Alpha. Sure, if they end up being mates, all will work out, but what if they are not mates? 
Their arguments intensified once Tony confirmed that Lisa is not his mate. His mother warned him that things will turn sour, but Tony wouldn't listen. 
Tony was saying how he and Lisa are getting along well and he had no need for seeing other girls, but Luna Alicia suspected that Tony didn't get a chance to see other girls because Lisa was sticking to him like a postage stamp. 
After one heated fight, Tony succumbed to his mother's nagging and he agreed not to take Lisa to official functions outside of the Lightclaw pack. Unfortunately, that ended with Tony not attending those functions which backfired by affirming beliefs of many that Tony won't be a good Alpha. After all, a good Alpha would know that connections with other packs need to start forming early, yet Tony blew it. 
And now that Tony found Kalina, Luna Alicia's fears came true. Most of the pack is reserved regarding Kalina because they thought that Lisa will be their Luna, and only a handful is open to accepting Kalina. Luna Alicia fears that some might dare to scheme against Kalina. 
Acting against Alpha or Luna is a major crime, but Lisa had a tight circle of friends who might do something outrageous. 
Unfortunately, Tony is too blinded by the newly found mate bond to realize the current situation in the pack, and Luna Alicia hopes that Kalina will have what it takes to win the pack over and overcome challenges as the future Luna. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 159 - Damon, Baby! [Bonus ]
Was Luna Alicia worried about Lisa? Absolutely. After all, Lisa was part of their lives for years and Luna Alicia knows Lisa as a good girl. 
Luna Alicia wanted to go and check on Lisa after the news broke that Tony found his fated mate, but Luna Alicia knew that her act of kindness might be interpreted as her support for Lisa (and against Kalina) as the next Luna, so she didn't go there. 
As a Luna, Luna Alicia needs to consider the big picture before acting. 
Luna Alicia's priorities are the Lightclaw pack and her family, and Lisa doesn't belong to any of those two groups. 
This party has a goal to introduce Kalina to the Lightclaw pack and to high-ranking members of other packs, and also to show that Tony and Kalina have the support of Tony's parents to be the next Alpha and Luna of the Lightclaw pack. 
Yes, Alpha Magnus is power-hungry and reluctant to let go of his position as an Alpha, but the reality is that no matter how much Alpha Magnus postpones it, he will need to step down eventually, and at that point, Tony will take over the pack. 
Luna Alicia did everything she could to make this party grand with the hope this will be enough to start shifting the tide in Kalina's (and Tony's) favor and set them on a course to success. 
Other than dealing with the party, Luna Alicia also spent quite an effort in convincing her husband (aka Alpha Magnus) to ask for a favor from Alpha Damon, to give some pointers to Tony. Everyone knows that Alpha Damon is an exceptional figure of the younger generation and if Alpha Damon agrees to mentor Tony, Tony's chance of becoming a good Alpha will increase exponentially. 
Ah, no one knows all the things a mother will do from the shadows for her children. 
Parenting is hard. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon and Talia made their way through the hallway, and with every step, the noise from the party was increasing. 
Damon felt Talia tensing next to him and he gave her waist a light squeeze. 
"Relax, kitten.", Damon said. "No one can touch you with me around." 
Talia glanced up at him and gave him a stiff smile. 
Yes, his hold around her waist was solid and she believed that he can protect her from anyone who dares to approach her with malice, but what about her inner demons which were stirring? 
Insecurities. Doubts. Feeling of inferiority. Inadequacy. 
For two decades people around her either ignored her or looked down on her. How can she stand next to a magnificent man like Damon and feel worthy? 
Talia released a shaky breath while telling herself that she can do this. She has to. 
Damon did so much for her in the last two weeks and she won't disappoint him now. 
Thanks to Damon, she looks like a million bucks, and she needs to act like it, even if it's just an act. 
Damon and Talia stepped into the long hallway that connected the residential part of the packhouse with the rest of the building when… 
"Damon, baby!", a shrill scream came from the side and both Damon and Talia froze. 
Talia's eyes widened in horror. She was not done with her internal pep talk. And why did that voice sound familiar? 
Damon turned to the side with a frown and observed the girl who was moving toward them with a big smile on her face. 
Cassie. 
Somehow, he forgot about her. 
After slamming her against the wall and sending her home, Damon thought that he was done dealing with her. 
Cassie was delighted to see Damon. She heard rumors about how Damon will come to this event with a date, but Cassie didn't believe a word of it, especially after confirming that Marcy's date is Nora. 
How Cassie saw this, if Damon is not coming with the latest woman who claims to be his future Luna (aka Marcy), he won't come with anyone else. 
On top of that, Cassie was keeping a close eye on Damon for years and she knew that he attends these events without a date. 
Cassie's plan was simple. 
She was standing there for some time, waiting to catch Damon at the right moment. She knew that Damon won't acknowledge her as his date, however… For Damon, she will make it appear as they met accidentally, and the two of them will walk into the limelight of the party side-by-side. It might look innocent, but everyone will assume that she is Damon's mysterious date people are talking about. 
With that, no one will doubt that she, Cassie, will be the next Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Perfect! 
While making her way toward our couple, Cassie ignored Damon's frown, but her smile faltered when she realized that there is someone on Damon's right side. 
Damon's body obstructed Cassie's view, but there was definitely someone. Cassie craned her neck in an attempt to see who is it. 
"How did you address me?", Damon's icy words full of hostility made Cassie stop in her tracks about three steps away from him. "It seems you are forgetting basics about hierarchy." 
Cassie quickly lowered her head as a wave of dread washed over her. "I apologize, Alpha Damon." 
"Where is your father?", Damon asked his next question and before Cassie could respond, Damon spoke to an Omega that was standing nearby. "Call Alpha Richard from the Steelbite pack to come here. Tell him that it's urgent. It's about his daughter." 
Cassie looked after the Omega who scurried away with haste, and she couldn't believe this. 
"Is there a need to call my father?" 
Damon sneered. How can she feign ignorance? He labeled Cassie as hostile for the Dark Howlers pack. That means, an enemy. From where did she find the courage to approach him so casually? Is she tired of living? 
"Did you forget how we parted ways, Cassie?" 
Cassie gritted her teeth. How can she forget that Damon choked her and kicked her out? It was humiliating to be escorted by the warriors and that obnoxious Beta Maya, but Cassie was confident that was temporary. 
Alphas are moody, and that was only Damon's outburst. It should be in the past. The two of them shared so many cozy moments over the years that one mishap is nothing. 
Cassie was confident that if she reminds him of that, he will let her back in, but she didn't expect that there will be a girl by his side. A skinny one. 
"Who is she?", Cassie blurted out. 
Damon wanted to say how it's none of her business, but then he changed his mind. He glanced at Talia who had no intention of coming out of the hideout his body provided. 
By now, Talia confirmed that the girl who was acting overly friendly with Damon was Cassie. The girl who accused her of stealing food while clinging onto Damon's hand… the girl who accused her of stealing the phone and slapping her… the girl who was getting frisky with Damon while Talia shrunk in her room alone, hungry, and aching. The more Talia thought about those moments, the more edges of her lips curled downward. 
Damon looked at Talia's stubborn expression and he smiled helplessly. What was she thinking? Nothing good probably. How can she have any good thoughts when Cassie was in front of them? 
Through the mate bond, Damon could feel Talia's emotions and he knew that if he doesn't do something, Cassie might do irreparable damage. But what can he do? Talia was still not ready to acknowledge her emotions openly and her thoughts were even more shielded. Other than her body… YES! Her body knows! 
Damon held Talia's chin with his index finger and thumb and before she could react, his lips descended on hers and his arms enveloped her in the warmest hug ever that came with a burst of his intoxicating scent. 
Damon's flavors seeped into Talia's system and her brain stuttered. 
Why was he kissing her while Cassie was glaring daggers at her? 
A second later, Cassie faded from Talia's mind due to Damon's toe-curling kiss full of longing which came with the most delicious flavor of the dark chocolate, and Talia gripped Damon's arms to steady herself because her legs were giving up on her. 
"My dear…", Damon spoke into Talia's lips, his deep voice was full of unspoken emotions. "There is a woman who wants to know who you are. Do you want to introduce yourself or should we ignore her and move on?" 
"What woman?", Talia asked breathily. She was lost in Damon's endlessly icy-blue eyes, forgetting about Cassie and the party and anything else. 
Damon chuckled. "That's right. The only woman worth noticing is you." 
Cassie's expression turned ugly. She was standing right there! Why were they treating her like air? 
She was never humiliated like this! 
But she couldn't voice her grievances. Not in front of Damon, but... who is that woman? 
Talia's face was still obstructed by Damon, but Cassie knew everyone who was someone, and she was confident that Talia was not among those people. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 160 - SLAP! X2
"Well? Will you introduce your date to me? Or is she not worthy because tomorrow you will be with someone else?", Cassie asked Damon impatiently without removing her scrutinizing gaze from Talia, waiting for Damon to move so that she can see Talia's face clearly. 
Damon's face darkened. He turned to Cassie to respond, and his mouth froze half-open because Talia spoke… 
"Are you hoping that someone else will be you?" 
Damon looked at Talia with renewed interest, unsure from where that confidence came. And this was beyond just confidence. Talia extruded an aura that urged him to worship her, similar to the one he felt at the human hospital when Talia faced Mr. Martinez, but this one was fiercer. 
Damon was not sure if this sensation was due to the mate bond or something else. Can Cassie feel it? If Cassie felt anything, she was resisting it because she was glaring at Talia. But the beads of sweat on Cassie's forehead told him that there is something. 
Talia had enough of Cassie and her attitude like she owned the place. 
Every insult Cassie threw at her was replaying in Talia's mind and her cheek stung at the memory of Cassie's slap, fueling Talia's anger. At first, Talia thought that Cassie was bullying her because Talia was wearing shabby clothes and was alone, but now Talia was not alone, and her dress was fabulous, yet Cassie still treated her like trash. 
This incident confirmed that Cassie looks down on everyone. Does she feel better by putting others down? How is that different from Anna and her gang of Omegas from the Red Moon pack? 
Cassie is lucky to be a daughter of an Alpha, but that doesn't give her the right to bully others. Just like Marcy. 
How can Talia allow Cassie to bully her? Talia is here with Damon, as his date, representing the Dark Howlers pack. If she lowers her head and allows Cassie to do what she pleases, that will be a stain on Damon and on the Dark Howlers pack. That's unacceptable. 
Cassie eyed Talia from head to toe a few times and she could swear that Talia looked familiar, but Cassie couldn't put her finger on it. 
"I'm not hoping that Damon will be with me. I know he will.", Cassie said confidently. "I've seen Damon with many women who don't tickle his imagination for more than one night, and then he comes back to me." 
"He is ALPHA Damon to you…", Talia responded sternly and then her lips lifted into a mocking smile. "I am surprised to hear you boasting about being a fallback girl." 
Cassie was stupefied. No one spoke to her like that before. Everyone in the Steelbite pack pampers her, her father included. She always had a celebrity treatment inside and outside of the Steelbite pack. What fallback girl? Damon coming to her more than once is an exception, that makes her special… why did this woman (aka Talia) make it sound like it's something shameful? 
"What?" 
Talia smiled condescendingly. "It seems you still don't get it. No wonder Damon was able to take advantage of you. But I must disappoint you Miss whoever-you-are because Damon is with me tonight. And I have no intention of letting go of him tomorrow either. So, you will need to find someone else's arm to latch onto, because Damon's arms are busy with me. Do you get it now or should I simplify it further for your pea-sized brain to understand?" 
Cassie's biggest issue was the explosive temper that clouds her judgment and makes her forget all the warnings her father gave her. Now that Talia stood next to Damon (in Cassie's place, how Cassie saw it) and she insulted her, Cassie's anger was surging. 
"Who do you think you are!?", Cassie screamed. 
"I am someone who can come to this event as Damon's date. I am someone who can keep Damon by my side for more than one night.", Talia said firmly. She knew that her tone was egoistic, but she didn't lie. 
Damon perked up at Talia's words. She was almost claiming him as hers openly. Almost. 
Cassie sucked in a sharp breath. "You are the girl from the photo…" Her eyes darted from Damon to Talia. "You were with him at the Summer Solstice festival." 
Talia really enjoyed putting Cassie in her place. "Yes. We were together at the festival and if you think that's the only place where Damon took me, think again." 
Cassie's face fell when she remembered from where Talia was familiar. "You are the girl from the car… the one who went with Damon to the human town when I was..." 
'SLAP!' 
Cassie's eyes widened in shock when Talia slapped her. 
Talia was equally shocked. This was her first time to hit a person! But Cassie was addressing Damon casually and Talia couldn't stand it. 
Talia lifted her chin smugly. "It's ALPHA Damon. How dare you talk about Damon in such a friendly way?" 
Cassie robotically reached for her cheek which didn't hurt much because Talia doesn't have the strength of a werewolf, but what received a devastating blow was Cassie's ego. 
Talia's palm, on the other side, was throbbing painfully and Talia would shake her hand and cry if not for maintaining her high-and-mighty posture. Her hand was achy, but Talia felt the satisfaction of returning the slap that Cassie gave her in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack. It came late, but it still felt good. 
Cassie's face turned ugly. "And what gives YOU the right to address him casually?" 
"The right that you don't have, Missy…" Talia said smugly and hugged Damon's arm. "Do you get it now? You are nobody. A bad memory. Scram." 
Cassie's fury swelled to the point of boiling and she lost it completely. 
"You, wench!", Cassie screamed and moved toward Talia. 
'SLAP!' 
This slap came from Damon and it propelled Cassie backward until she fell on the butt unceremoniously. 
There was no way that Damon would allow Cassie to hit Talia again. He still clearly remembers Cassie slapping Talia in the packhouse, and he regrets that he was not one second faster, to prevent it. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"CASSIE!", Alpha Richard exclaimed while rushing toward them. He got into the hallway just in time to hear Cassie call Talia a wench and to see Damon slapping Cassie away (literally). 
To make things worse, Alpha Richard didn't come alone. Several other people were right behind him, witnessing this, and making it an incident that can't be easily brushed off. 
When Omega told him that Cassie and Damon are in the hallway and that his presence was requested, Alpha Richard asked people who were at his table to join him, with the hope that he can take advantage of the situation and the audience, but this was NOT what he had in mind. 
Alpha Richard cursed internally while helping Cassie stand up. He told her to stay at home, but she insisted on coming because Cassie doesn't miss these events, and then Cassie said that she needs more time to get ready and he suspected that Cassie has a plan to get close to Damon, but he still thought she will be wise about it and not make a spectacle. 
What did she do for Damon to hit her like that? Damn it! 
Alpha Richard took a deep breath to compose himself. This is not a lost cause. His daughter got a beating and he can definitely turn this in his favor. 
"Are you OK, pumpkin?", Alpha Richard asked sobbing Cassie whose cheek was swelling visibly. He turned to several Omegas who were observing the scene. "Ice! Bring an icepack!" 
Damon put his arm around Talia and Talia glanced at Damon with eyes full of worry. Damon told her to not let anyone bully her, and she got carried away, but she didn't think that it will escalate so much. But Damon stood steady as a mountain and Talia leaned on him, basking in the comfort his presence provided. 
"He hit me…", Cassie sobbed to her father. "Because of that woman… Damon hit me! And she hit me as well!" She was a pitiful image of a wrongly abused woman. 
Too bad that no one other than her father dared to comfort her. 
Omega with an icepack approached the group gingerly, and Damon called, "Come here." 
Damon took the icepack and put it on Talia's palm, the one she used to slap Cassie. 
"How does it feel?", Damon asked Talia in a low voice. 
"It's fine. Thanks.", she responded in a whisper. Talia was touched by Damon's care and that he noticed her hand was achy. That icepack was soothing to her throbbing palm. 
"Remind me to teach you evasive maneuvers you can use when someone wants to hit you in the face. I don't want you to end up like that." Damon's eyes darted toward Cassie. "As for this..." He looked at her palm with a frown. "Next time, use a fist." 
Talia's smile widened. "Alright." 
Alpha Richard's expression darkened at this public display of affection. That icepack was obviously for Cassie! 
Alpha Richard waved toward lingering Omegas impatiently. "Get another one!" 
Omega bowed and rushed to get an icepack, but she really wanted to stay and not miss a thing of what's coming. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 161 - Whitewashing [Bonus ]
"Alpha Damon, don't you think you went too far?", Alpha Richard asked while gesturing at Cassie's swollen face. 
Damon gave Talia a reassuring smile and his arm snaked around her waist to pull her against him firmly before he turned to respond to Alpha Richard. 
"Too far? Less than a week ago, your daughter rampaged in my packhouse, and she was labeled as hostile. I warned you that if she gets close to me without authorization, she will be treated as an enemy, and you said that you will make sure she understands what she did wrong. It seems that letting her go with a warning was not effective because here she is today, attacking again. How would you deal with an aggressive individual who is a repeat offender?" 
Alpha Richard cursed internally. He was unable to come up with a proper response because everything Damon said was right. 
The increasing audience was unsettling and they all knew that Damon banned Cassie from entering the Dark Howlers pack one week ago. No one here saw how Cassie ended up with that swollen cheek, but it will be difficult to make a case for Cassie's innocence considering her previous offenses. Damn it! 
Alpha Richard would love to drag Cassie away and forget about this, or at least to buy some time and discuss with his advisors how to handle this issue, but with all the people watching, if he retreats now, he will lose face. As an Alpha, he can't stand down and he needs to protect what's his, even if that's a troublemaking daughter like Cassie. 
In front of others, he needs to defend her, and he will deal with her later. In private. 
"Cassie is not just anyone.", Alpha Richard said to Damon. "She is my daughter. Hitting her is the same as hitting me or my pack." 
"Really? I didn't see it from that perspective. It seems that I still have things to learn from my seniors.", Damon said thoughtfully. 
Alpha Richard smirked victoriously. Didn't Damon admit that he was in the wrong? Was it that easy? His smirk froze when Damon continued. 
"Are you saying that Cassie represents you and the Steelbite pack? Are her attacks the same as yours? Should I see her action as your pack attacking mine? Is this declaration of war, Alpha Richard?" 
Alpha Richard stood rooted in the spot while Damon's words echoed in his head. How did things escalate to this point? Did Damon say… war? 
Just the thought of a war against the Dark Howlers pack made Alpha Richard weak in the knees. 
Wars can be fought amongst warriors, but he would be an idiot to start something like that because, for every warrior from the Steelbite pack, Damon has at least ten of his. The Dark Howlers pack is the biggest pack in North America and their military forces are proportionate to the size of the pack. 
The other way for packs to settle disputes (wars included) is when two Alphas duel. In that case, the winner takes all, including the life of the loser, and Alpha Richard knew that it would be suicidal to challenge Damon to a fight. 
Cassie opened her mouth to speak, but she swallowed her words when her father squeezed her arm harshly. 
'Didn't you make enough damage?', Alpha Richard spoke to Cassie through their mind-link. 
'But daddy…', Cassie whined. 'She hit me first. That's the woman from the photo. She was with Damon at the Summer Solstice festival, and she was in the packhouse when I visited.' 
Alpha Richard thought that this might be interesting, and he wanted to confirm, 'Is she the one that got you banned from the Dark Howlers pack?' 
Cassie threw a glance at Talia while wondering if Talia is the Omega who was stealing food and spoke on the cell phone in the living room… the one that Cassie slapped. They looked alike, but the clothing, hairstyle, and makeup were completely different, and this woman (aka Talia) didn't seem like Omega. If she is, she wouldn't be able to stand tall next to Damon when everyone else is sweating with a submissive posture. Even Alpha Richard had difficulty resisting Damon's aura, and Damon didn't even exert his full power. 
'I'm not sure. I don't think so…', Cassie responded. 
'Waste!', Alpha Richard hissed. 'Keep your mouth shut. If I hear another word from you, you will be grounded for life!' 
An Omega brought another icepack and Alpha Richard snatched it and passed it to Cassie. If Damon took it to soothe another Talia's invisible wound, it would be too much. 
Alpha Richard pushed thoughts about Talia to the side. It didn't matter if Talia is the girl from the rumors or not, because he had more pressing matters to deal with. Damon accused him of starting a war and if he doesn't find a way to extricate himself from this situation, it will be a disaster. 
Yes, many of the Alphas from the audience wish to topple Damon but none of them will dare to act on it openly. Alpha Richard found himself under the limelight now and he was aware that he is on his own. No one will help him. 
Besides, assuming that Talia is the mysterious girl Damon was hiding, by appearing here, she is not hidden anymore, and any advantage Alpha Richard could have by finding details about Talia's and Damon's relationship is useless. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Alpha Damon…", Alpha Richard called. "Let's not allow our emotions to pull us into something we can't take back. This was a misunderstanding between two women, there is no need to drag our packs into war over it." 
"Misunderstanding?", Damon grumbled, and his eyes swept over the audience. Other than Omegas, he spotted the worried faces of hosts, Alpha Magnus and Luna Alicia, and curious faces of Alpha Edward, Alpha Maddox, and many others. 
"Alpha Richard…", Damon called. "As an Alpha, you should know that in these events, we represent our packs. Cassie attacking my date is the same as you attacking me and my pack." 
Alpha Richard swallowed a mouthful of air. "This is all my fault for not teaching my daughter well." 
Damon cocked his eyebrow questionably. "So, it's your fault? Do you want to take punishment in her stead?" 
"Punishment?", Alpha Richard repeated. "Can't you overlook this? This was just a squabble between two women." 
"No, Alpha Richard. This was NOT a squabble between two women, because my woman didn't participate in it. Your daughter was the instigator, the attacker, and she even hurt my date…", Damon took Talia's hand together with the icepack she was holding, indicating that she was injured. "You are an Alpha for much longer than I am and I'm confident that you know how to look at the whole picture. By attacking me, Cassie disrespected me and you as well. She made a fuss at this grand event hosted by the Lightclaw pack, which is obvious proof that she doesn't put them into her eyes. Does Cassie think she is above everyone present here?" 
"Are you neglecting that you hit me?", Cassie asked in a shaky voice while pressing the icepack on her cheek. 
"I hit you?", Damon asked Cassie like he heard about it the first time. "How much I remember, you were the one running this way and I raised my hand defensively. You walked into it. I would never hit a woman." 
Talia looked at Damon and if not for the audience, she would laugh at his outrageous whitewashing. 
She realized that Damon has an uncanny ability to twist things to fit his narrative and he was doing it with a straight face. This was another side of Damon she got to observe. 
Even Alpha Richard who clearly saw Damon slapping Cassie couldn't find words to refute what Damon said. 
Alpha Richard cursed Cassie silently. If she listened to him, none of this would happen! If not for the audience, he would give her a good slapping himself. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 162 - More Special Than Everyone Else
Alpha Richard raised his arms toward Damon, palms up. "This is a grand event for the Lightclaw pack and we shouldn't cause a bigger commotion here. How do you suggest we resolve this?" 
Damon shook his head. "Do you expect me to resolve your problems? You said that it's your fault for not teaching Cassie properly, so I want to hear, how will you fix it? If you don't have a plan, this behavior will repeat. I don't need to remind you that this is Cassie's second time to assault one of my people, right in front of me." 
Alpha Richard exhaled in frustration. It was obvious that Damon was aiming for something. "What do you suggest?" 
"Do you agree that Cassie should be punished?", Damon wanted to confirm. 
Alpha Richard nodded curtly. "Of course. Such behavior needs to be disciplined. Since Cassie's offenses are against you, I want you to decide how she should be punished." So that we can be done with this. 
Alpha Richard was convinced that Damon won't do anything extreme in front of him and with all the audience watching. 
Damon thought for a moment before turning to Talia. "What do you think?" 
Talia was caught unprepared. Why was he asking her that? So many people were observing the scene with interest! 
But Damon's gaze directed at Talia was filled with determination and confidence and she realized that Damon was giving her a chance to vent her frustration. This was his way of telling her that he's got her back and that no one is allowed to bully her. She liked that. 
Talia glanced at Cassie who was staring back at her with so much malice that if a look could kill, Talia would be sliced into a million pieces. 
Talia thought that if not for Cassie's father being an Alpha, Cassie wouldn't be more than a rowdy nobody who is trying to make herself look better by bullying others. 
This whole spectacle was only because of Cassie's background. 
If Cassie was an Omega, or if Talia was without Damon's protection, no one would bat an eye at the unfolding scene no matter what happened, yet now they were all silently watching, waiting. 
It was the injustice of little people bearing the weight of other people's grudges, and Talia got an idea for an appropriate punishment for Cassie. 
If they could remove Cassie's special identity, that would be perfect. 
"She is acting like a criminal and she should be treated as such.", Talia said and turned to Damon. "What do you do with violent people who exhibit a pattern of attacking others without being provoked?" 
Damon nodded faintly. "Dungeon it is." 
Cassie's eyes bulged out in shock, and she wanted to protest but the words failed her. Is she really going to the dungeon? Surely, Damon was joking. Right? RIGHT!? 
"Alpha Magnus…", Damon called. "Can you arrange for Miss Cassie to be escorted into your dungeon? Since this incident happened on your territory, we will meet after the party to determine the duration of her imprisonment." 
Alpha Magnus glanced nervously at Alpha Richard, but the latter already said that Cassie should be punished based on how Damon decides so he waved at his warriors who were waiting nearby. "Take her away…" 
When Cassie realized that it's happening, any leftover traces of refined Miss were gone. She screamed profanities and trashed while calling her father and Damon, but there was nothing she could do against strong warriors who dragged her away with ease. 
With that, many of the spectators returned to the party. 
"Alpha Damon…", Alpha Richard called in a shaky voice. Cassie going to the dungeon was a big shame for the Steelbite pack because all this happened right under his nose. He had to try something. But… what can he do? 
"Yes?", Damon asked. 
"Cassie is just a silly girl." 
"A girl.", Damon repeated. "I don't separate people on young or old, male or female, and I don't care about rankings." 
Alpha Richard frowned. "You treat everyone equally?" 
"No. In my eyes, there is Talia and then there is everyone else.", Damon responded with a smirk. "So if you were wondering who the girl from the festival was, here she is. And her name is Talia. If you want to know anything else about her, feel free to ask her directly. There was no need to hire mercenaries." 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Alpha Richard who was now drenched in sweat. 
Alpha Richard knew that some of the guys on his payroll were captured at the Summer Solstice festival, but he didn't expect that Damon will call him out just like that. Spies are everywhere, and sometimes they get captured. It's not a big deal. But looking at Damon up close while barely breathing due to Damon's suffocating aura, Alpha Richard realized that this is a big deal. 
"You see, Alpha Richard", Damon's voice went down by an octave. "In their desire to find out more about the girl who was with me, those thugs nearly ruined the festival my pack members painstakingly prepared. We had a lot of guests. If anyone got injured, I would need to bear the responsibility, and if that happened, it would take much more than putting Cassie in the dungeon to pacify me. I hope that you and your daughter learned a lesson. Stay away from me and my people, and stay away from Talia, unless you are willing to risk a war." 
Damon clicked his tongue. "If you want to go there, I will accept your challenge for the duel. There is no need to involve our warriors. Don't you agree?" 
Alpha Richard gulped audibly. 
"Good.", Damon said. "Now, unless you have anything else, I believe we are done here." 
Alpha Richard lowered his head and slowly moved backward a few steps, before turning and leaving the hallway, in the opposite direction from where the party was held. He was never so humiliated, but there was nothing he could do other than put his tail between his legs and retreat. For now. 
"I apologize for the inconvenience", Damon said to Alpha Magnus and Luna Alicia who both responded how it's not a problem, and then they left. 
Damon glanced at the back and nodded at Maddox, silently thanking him for being there. He knew that Maddox was waiting to see if Damon will need assistance. The two of them supported each other more than once. 
With that, only Damon and Talia were left in the hallway (and a few non-important Omegas who were performing their duties). 
"Are you OK, kitten?", Damon asked Talia. 
Talia smiled foolishly at Damon while his words echoed in her mind, 'In my eyes, there is Talia and then there is everyone else'. 
Doesn't that mean she is special? More special than anyone else? 
Damon was still looking at her expectantly, and she got on her toes and kissed him on the lips, right there, in the hallway. 
"Does this mean we are ditching the party and going back to our room?", Damon asked when Talia inched away. 
Talia released a long breath. Right. The party. How could she forget about the party? 
She giggled. "Not a chance. We traveled here and got all dressed up for the party. This kiss was just a thank you for making sure that Cassie doesn't go unpunished." 
Damon's lips lifted into a smirk. "Alright. If I get a kiss is for sending someone into the dungeon… what do I get for a severed limb? Snapping a neck?" 
Talia rolled her eyes at the cheeky Alpha. Did he think that his reward will increase if he increases the punishments? And he didn't really think about mutilating (and killing) for real. Right? 
Talia didn't want to go there. She was already getting goosebumps. 
"Let's go to the party. We will really be late at this rate. Kalina said that Luna Alicia got some smoked sausages from Poland for this occasion, and if we don't eat those, we will be sorry…" 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
'If any of you dares to approach Alpha Damon and provoke him, I will kick you out of the pack!', Alpha Edward's angry voice sounded in the minds of Marcy, Nora, and Luna Layla. 
'What happened?', Luna Layla asked. She was with Marcy and Nora, chatting with some other ladies in the garden. 
'Cassie from the Lightclaw pack just earned herself time in the dungeon because she crossed Alpha Damon, and they barely avoided a war.', Alpha Edward responded. 'He is not in a good mood, so stay away from him. Remember that we are here for the new Luna. Focus on that and keep everything else for later.' 
Luna Layla had a concerned expression, Marcy was indifferent, and Nora paled. 
"What's up with you?", Marcy asked Nora. "Why do you look like you've seen a ghost?" 
Nora plastered a fake smile. "I know Cassie and I am shocked to hear that she is in the dungeon." 
Nora was glad that security spoke to her before she returned to the room, so Marcy was oblivious about what happened. When Nora entered the room, she greeted Marcy without revealing that she went to Alpha Damon's room and that she saw Damon's date in a bathrobe (aka Talia). 
The security warned Nora not to go into the residential area of the packhouse unless she is invited, and based on how calm everyone around her was, that didn't reach Alpha Edward. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 163 - The Event At The Lightclaw Pack (1)
Damon and Talia followed one Omega to their seats, and Damon was pleased to confirm that his request was fulfilled. 
The table that could seat six people was set only for him and Talia. Perfect. 
The six chairs were around the table, but only two had nametags in front of them. One said, "Alpha Damon" and the other one was "Mrs. Blake". 
Talia thought that she will pass out. What was Damon thinking? 
She swiftly flipped the card with "Mrs. Blake" to conceal the text, and she chanted internally that it's not a big deal because everyone knows him as "Alpha Damon" and not as "Damon Blake". Besides, how many people looked at those fine cursive letters on a tiny nametag? 
Damon didn't ask with whom they should be seated, but as part of his RSVP, Damon made a list of people who shouldn't be nearby, and that list included people from the Red Moon pack, the Steelbite pack, as well as a number of Elders. 
It's not that Damon wanted to hide Talia. Quite the opposite. 
Damon wanted to use this event for everyone to see that there is a woman in his life who is more than a fling. In his opinion, as long as they don't confirm that Talia is his mate, they won't attack her, but he didn't want Talia to be invisible either. 
With this move, Damon will silence anyone who is trying to sneakily get information on Talia (like Alpha Richard), and it will allow Talia to make her debut without attracting too much attention. 
The incident at the festival told Damon that his enemies were set on finding out who Talia is (among other things), and he knew that many are targeting him since he ascended his current position as an Alpha. Due to that, it was only a matter of time before they find out about Talia, and like this, it's happening on his terms. 
This is as far as Damon's plan went and he wanted to enjoy this evening with Talia, as for anything else… he will deal with it tomorrow. 
Omegas were quick to bring drinks and appetizers. 
Talia observed bite-sized pastries that were filled with a variety of small sausages, mushrooms, ham, and some were wrapped in bacon. 
Damon put one of each on the plate for Talia to taste with, "See which one you like the most, and then you can have more of that…" 
Talia glanced nervously from her plate to Damon. "Is it OK for you to do this?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her questionably and she clarified, "There are people watching us." 
Damon tapped the tip of her nose with his index finger. "What people? It's just the two of us here." Seeing her shocked expression, Damon chuckled. "You need to learn to ignore non-important people. Now eat before it cools off. Or do you want me to feed you?" 
Talia swiftly stuffed one random pastry in her mouth. 
Damon putting food on her plate was already too much, and if he feeds her as well, her heart won't be able to take it. Maybe he can ignore the so-called non-important people, but Talia was painfully aware of gazes burning into her skin from all directions. 
She decided to focus on Damon. 
Talia watched Damon as he picked food for his plate and then his right hand found her left one and their fingers interlaced. This time, the intimate gesture happened on the table, for everyone to see. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"That was quite a performance. You should have done it here, in the garden, for everyone to see.", Maddox said while taking a seat at the table with Damon and Talia. 
"It was not much. Cassie was asking for it.", Damon responded to Maddox. 
Talia's eyes widened at the sudden appearance of Maddox because images from earlier that afternoon flashed in her mind: Maddox naked on top of a woman. 
Talia tried to suppress those images because they were inappropriate, and she still remembered how Damon tried to erase them. 
Maddox hummed ambiguously and then turned to Talia. "Hello, Talia. You look lovely." 
Damon let out a low growl which overlapped with Talia's weak 'thank you', and Maddox raised his hands defensively toward Damon. 
"There is no need to get aggressive. I was only complimenting your girl." 
When Maddox said, 'your girl', Damon calmed down. 
"If it makes you feel any better, Damon…", Maddox chuckled. "You also look lovely." 
Damon grimaced sarcastically but he was surprised by the growl that escaped him. Why did he do that? 
It seems that the mate bond got stronger again, and Damon wondered how far it will go. Will he see any guy who talks to Talia as competition? 
Damon wanted to discuss this with his wolf, but what if his wolf takes over and Damon pounces on Talia while disregarding the audience? 
Maddox ignored Damon's grumpiness that started from the moment he joined them at the table, and he turned to Talia. 
"So, Talia, what do you think about this party?" 
Talia was not sure how to respond. If she removes the scene with Cassie, they just got here. 
But Maddox was looking at her expectantly, and she had to say something. 
"Alpha Maddox…" 
"Please", Maddox interrupted her. "Call me Maddox. We are all friends here." 
Talia remembered Maddox saying something similar earlier that afternoon to the woman who was under him. 'Call me Maddox when I'm inside you…' 
There was no way she will call him like that. 
Instinctively, Talia snuggled closer to Damon, seeking protection. 
"I wouldn't dare call you so casually, Alpha Maddox.", Talia said. 
Maddox pinched the roof of his nose. Just a few days ago, Maddox was at the Dark Howlers pack and even though he and Talia were not bosom buddies, they were able to hold a conversation, and now she was looking at him like he has some contagious disease. 
"Why are you so distant? Did this caveman forbid you from talking to guys?" Maddox was obviously referring to Damon. 
Damon wanted to complain about the caveman reference, but Talia was sticking closer to him with every next Maddox's word, so Damon got distracted. 
Maddox realized… "It's about this afternoon. There is no need to be awkward about it. Everyone is doing it." 
Maddox noticed that Talia got flustered and he gaped at her. "Don't tell me… You never…" 
"That's enough!", Damon seethed at Maddox. 
Damon swallowed the caveman thing and he thought that Maddox might apologize for his naked performance that sullied Talia's eyes, but now Maddox only made it more awkward. 
"Unless you can hold a decent conversation, I suggest you leave.", Damon said to Maddox grimly. 
Maddox looked at Damon with confusion obvious in his expression. What is a decent conversation? 
Maddox suspected that there is something between Damon and Talia when he visited the Dark Howlers pack during Summer Solstice. 
Talia attending this event with Damon was strange enough because Damon never openly dated a woman and now it seems that Damon didn't touch Talia. 
Maddox didn't get it. What kind of Alpha can be with a woman for days (or is it weeks?) and not get handsy? That goes against their nature. 
Talia's eyes were darting randomly while trying not to look at Maddox and she spotted Mindy. 
"Maybe I should go and chat with Mindy so that you guys can talk.", Talia said to Damon in a small voice. 
Damon didn't want to talk to Maddox, but the latter pretended not to see Damon's non-verbal signs that he should leave. 
"You want to talk to Mindy?", Damon grumbled at Talia. "Are you sure she is a good friend and won't take advantage of you?" 
He was obviously not pleased that Talia was thinking about leaving his side. And it was Mindy's fault that Talia saw the nasty scene of Maddox's bare ass. 
Seeing that Talia's mood dropped, Damon chided himself internally. Yes, he wanted Talia next to him, but he didn't want Talia to think that he was restricting her. Mindy was only a few tables away. 
Damon inched closer and kissed Talia's temple. "Go and have a chat with Mindy, but don't forget to come back to me." 
Talia thought for a moment before giving up on that idea. "Maybe I shouldn't. Mindy told me that I need to stick close to you so that some woman doesn't steal you from me." 
Damon perked up. "Mindy said that? Listen to her and stick to me closely. Mindy is a smart woman. We will keep her." 
Talia was not sure if she heard him right. Did he just say that they will keep Mindy like she is some pet? 
Talia remembered that there was more… "Mindy also said that you slept with half of the women present here." 
Damon's face fell. "I changed my mind. Mindy is not smart. Unfriend her and stay away from her." 
Maddox stifled a laugh. "Don't blame my sister for telling the truth." 
Damon glared at Maddox. "Why are you still here? Don't you have anything better to do?" 
"No, not really." Maddox was busy with the woman under him, but he clearly remembered Damon's outrage while covering Talia's eyes and pulling her out of Maddox's room. "I can't think of anything more interesting compared to figuring out what made you turn into a chaste guy. How long will this last?" 
Damon put his arm around Talia and held her close to him as if he was afraid that she might run away, and he spoke to Maddox, "Why do you think that this is temporary? Is it so difficult to believe that I found a woman who makes me want to leave my fickle days behind?" 
Maddox's eyebrow twitched. Fickle days? That's an understatement. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 164 - The Event At The Lightclaw Pack (2)
It's not that Maddox wanted to draw a wedge between Damon and Talia. 
Maddox was trying to understand what possessed his friend of many years. 
Damon and Maddox are collaborating as Alphas of their respective packs, and they are also close on a personal level. Considering their Alpha nature to dominate, they aren't buddy-buddies in a normal sense because they clash often, but they flipped many skirts together and Maddox can confirm that Damon is the most promiscuous Alpha of their generation. Damon never tried to twist that fact or to change, so this was odd. 
No matter how Maddox looked at it, there could be only one catalyst for this shift in Damon's behavior. 
"I must congratulate you, Talia.", Maddox said. 
She was afraid to find out more, but she had to. "For?" 
"I have known this guy for a long time", Maddox said while gesturing toward Damon. "He never cared about someone's opinion to the point of trying to conceal his nature. Until now." 
Damon closed his eyes and let out a long breath. 
Damon was irritated, unaware that Talia was floating in pink clouds which echoed Damon's and Maddox's conversation. 
She clearly remembered that Damon insinuated how him being with Talia is not temporary and that he wants to leave his womanizing in order to be with her, and Maddox even said that Damon cares about her. Is that possible? She was not daring enough to believe in those words, but it all sounded nice. 
Talia never saw herself as worthy. Why would she? For two decades she was at the bottom, bullied, weak, wolf-less, hoping to become invisible, yet here she is now… at the fancy party, in an elegant dress, with Damon's arm around her and Damon even appeared to be upset because he was worried that she will think badly of him. 
Talia glanced at Damon, and she could see that he was distressed. Was it because of what Maddox said? 
Damon's eyes snapped open when he felt Talia's palm on his cheek. 
"Don't be upset, Damon.", Talia said softly. "I told you that as long as you treat me well, I won't leave." 
Damon held his breath while processing Talia's words. Was she comforting him? Can she be any sweeter? 
Damon put his hand over Talia's which was on his cheek, and he turned his head to kiss the inside of her palm. 
"I won't disappoint you, kitten…", he murmured into her palm. 
Damon's icy-blue eyes met Talia's honeyed ones and they were locked in a silent exchange of emotions and vows unspoken. With every passing moment, the energy between them became tangible; it was an invisible pull that urged them to get closer. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Are you going to start making out?", Mindy asked when she took a seat at their table, popping Damon's and Talia's invisible lovey-dovey bubble. 
Talia jerked into reality and swiftly sat facing forward. 
Damon frowned at Mindy for spoiling the moment, and Talia looked flustered like a child who was caught stealing candy. 
Mindy realized that her comment was tactless and she smiled apologetically while asking, "Is it OK for me to sit here?" 
"If you don't mind being fed dog food and drown in a public display of affection.", Maddox said with amusement while gesturing toward Damon and Talia. 
Mindy ignored Maddox's attempt to get her to tease the couple. She was hoping to secure that seat for herself for the rest of the event because it appeared unoccupied. 
Yes, Mindy knew most of the people present, but that didn't mean she liked them. 
Mindy had a good opinion of Talia and she wanted to find out more about the mysterious girl who was creating waves inside the Dark Howlers pack and beyond, from Talia staying in the packhouse, becoming the MVP of the tournament, to the freshest rumor that she tamed domineering Alpha Damon. 
An additional bonus in getting close to Talia is if Damon and Talia are more than a fling because Damon is a walking fat bank account and Mindy would always welcome more donations to the charities she is working on. 
It's not that Mindy didn't want to get close to Damon, but getting too close will only put her in the same bucket with other Damon's conquests and Mindy didn't want that to stain the reputation she built over the years, so Mindy makes sure that everyone knows their relationship is kept at a professional distance. 
"They put me at the table with some daughters of Alphas and I can't stand them.", Mindy explained. 
Maddox chuckled at Mindy's words. "Your father is an Alpha also." 
Mindy made a face. "Well, we are NOT all made the same." She was irritated that Maddox was chatty while Talia and Damon were silent. It's their table, and they should say if she can stick around. 
Mindy looked at Talia expectantly. "No ions to me sitting here. Right?" 
Talia glanced at Damon who shrugged, indicating that it's up to her. 
"No ions.", Talia said happily. 
Talia found it refreshing to have Mindy there. Like this, she didn't need to pick between chatting with her friend and being close to Damon. 
Seeing Mindy and Maddox, Talia remembered their company during the festival. "Is Axel here also?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow in disapproval. Why was she asking about some random guy? 
"No.", Mindy responded. "You should know that it's rare to see people from the Midnight Guardians pack. They are called mysterious for a reason." 
Subconsciously, Talia leaned closer to Mindy. "Really?" She wanted to know more. 
Mindy didn't know much. "Alphas might know more, but we regular folks are limited to many rumors, including the ones that no one knows exactly where they are located or the size of the pack." 
Talia thought how that's fascinating and probably exaggerated. Aren't werewolves territorial? Others must know where the borders of the Midnight Guardians pack are so that they don't wander there accidentally. 
How is it possible that the whole pack of werewolves stays hidden with the current technology? Can't they track them with GPS, satellites, or something like that? Or maybe they live in some cave, underground, but… it all sounded incredible. 
The more Talia thought about it, the more she wanted to call Axel and ask him if his offer for her to visit the Midnight Guardians pack was still valid. 
Can she go on her own? 
Will Damon want to accompany her? 
Talia shook those thoughts away. Damon is a busy Alpha, and she was getting carried away to think about visiting the Midnight Guardians as some kind of a vacation the two of them can take. 
When did she get so bold to make plans for the future that include Damon? 
But… wouldn't it be nice, to go on a vacation, just the two of them? 
It didn't need to be anything fancy. Forest, tent, campfire. Maybe next to a lake. Damon could catch an animal or two so that they eat meat, with his skills, Talia was confident that hunting is a piece of cake for Damon. She would gather edible plants… In the evening, they could share a sleeping bag... 
Talia was lost in her daydreaming, and she didn't notice that Mindy and Maddox started chatting and that Damon was feeding her. 
Once her plate was empty, he resumed feeding her from his. 
Damon looked at the silly girl next to him who absentmindedly opened her mouth whenever something touched her lips. 
How can she space out in the middle of the party with Damon sitting right next to her? 
Damon got an idea. 
An array of dips and sauces complemented appetizers to add a zing of flavors, and Damon took a piece of artisan flatbread with prosciutto and dipped it in the chili sauce before offering it to Talia. 
Just like many times before, Talia opened her mouth and accepted his offerings. 
Talia's lips enclosed the spicy flatbread inside her mouth, and she chewed it once, twice, and then Talia's eyes opened in horror, and she swallowed contents from her mouth on a reflex which caused blistering heat to coat her throat. 
Talia waved frantically in front of her mouth in an attempt to cool herself. Her eyes darted over the table, desperately looking for a beverage to wash the scorching fire from her mouth. Somehow, the heat was increasing and Talia was on the verge of crying. 
Damon grabbed her hand and before she could , his lips covered hers. 
It took less than a second for the heat in her mouth to be soothed with Damon's tongue which carried the flavor of the dark chocolate, and her eyes fluttered to close at the delightful new taste of the spicy chocolate. 
Talia was lost in Damon's scent of the forest and his flavor of the dark chocolate, and the sensation of his lips moving against hers while their tongues danced in sensual movements. 
Damon cupped Talia's cheeks gently and kissed her unhurriedly and thoroughly, enjoying every sigh that escaped her lips right into his. 
Talia was faintly aware of their surroundings and that people were watching, but she couldn't extricate herself from the sensation that was impossible to describe with words. However, she knew that she could stay forever, just like that, with Damon all around her. 
Damon's and Talia's make-out session attracted many eyes. Some stared at them with jealousy, some with malice, and some in disbelief. 
Werewolves are promiscuous in general, but in these events where high-ranking members are gathered, there is a certain unspoken rule of conduct with restraint, and Alpha Damon didn't show much of it. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 165 - The Event At The Lightclaw Pack (3) [Bonus ]
Due to the landscape of the garden, not everyone was able to get a clear view of Damon and Talia. 
However, news and gossips were spreading faster than wildfire, so the ones who didn't see the couple directly, heard that Alpha Damon was shamelessly kissing the woman who came to the party as his date. 
Just kissing was not much, but when all was put together, it was a big deal. 
First, Alpha Damon appeared with a woman (aka Talia) by his side, and that NEVER happened before. And it's not just that they arrived at the Lightclaw pack together and are sharing a room, but they also walked side-by-side with Damon's arm around Talia's waist in a possessive hold. 
Second, Alpha Damon sent Cassie (aka the princess of the Steelbite pack) to the dungeon. Some said that she got a beating, and her swollen face now resembled a pig. That happened in the presence of Alpha Damon's date (aka Talia) and considering that everyone knows how Cassie is cuckoo for Damon, they could assume with high certainty that Cassie insulted Talia and that Damon's action was in defense of his date. 
Third, Alpha Damon was openly showing affection by feeding and kissing the mysterious woman, and he was smiling and holding her close and doing all the lovey-dovey things he had never done before. 
When Mindy said that Damon slept with half of the she-wolves present (from the younger generation), she was not exaggerating. 
Those misses knew very well that Damon was acting out of character. It was common knowledge that Damon would never show affection in public and the ones fortunate to capture Damon's interest for one night, experienced that even in private Damon wouldn't treat them with love and care. Yes, there was kissing and caressing, but only to the point of getting a release, and after that it was, 'dress up and get out'. 
Since all of them got the same treatment, they comforted themselves by saying how that's his nature, but this… just what is this? 
Considering that werewolves are prideful and possessive, it was natural for them to be jealous of Talia. 
They didn't understand, how can an unknown woman capture the attention of Alpha Damon, the most desirable bachelor among werewolves? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Alpha Magnus stepped on the elevated stage that was set for the occasion with Luna Alicia, Tony, and Kalina. 
"May I have your attention, please…", Alpha Magnus spoke into the microphone. It took a few seconds for the chatter to simmer down, and he continued, "As you probably know, my son, Anthony, the next Alpha of the Lightclaw pack found his mate. I want to take this opportunity to introduce you to the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack, Kalina…" 
Applause covered his next few words and Kalina waved at the people and at the camera. 
Since not everyone could attend in person, the speech portion of the event was live-streamed so that members of the werewolf society can attend virtually. 
Talia looked at the stage decorated with flowers and streamers, and four people on the stage dressed in elegant clothing, and Talia thought how it looks like a prince is announcing his upcoming wedding. Well, it was not far from that. 
Luna Alicia also said a few words, and then it was Tony's and Kalina's turn, and after a big round of applause, the official part of the evening was over for guests. 
Several photographers approached the stage and Tony, Kalina, and Tony's parents posed for the official photos that will be used in WW Magazine and several other publications that will cover this event. 
Omegas started milling among tables to clean up the mess from appetizers and make space for dinner. 
"What do you think?", Damon asked Talia while gesturing at the stage and overall surroundings. "Is it too much, or too less?" 
Talia had no idea how to answer this. She saw a number of parties while at the Red Moon pack, but this was the first time for her to attend one. 
Damon wanted to hear Talia's inputs so that he gets an idea of her preferences. 
They won't have a ceremony to announce Talia as his future Luna, but there will definitely be a party where Talia will become his Luna. 
That party will have a ceremony where Talia will officially become Damon's partner and the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, and she will establish the full mind-link as one of the leaders of the Dark Howlers pack. 
In Damon's head, everything was great, and the only thing missing was for Talia to say 'yes', but he was also aware that he will need to approach the shaman, Gideon. There was no one else qualified to conduct the ceremony. 
Seeing that Talia was silent, Damon asked his next question. "Are you having fun so far?" 
Talia smiled. "Everything is wonderful." Because you are by my side. 
Talia enjoyed immensely that Damon's arm was around her, and she wished to snuggle closer. 
Maddox snorted while looking at Damon and Talia. How he saw it, the couple was obnoxiously sweet and there were invisible hearts floating around them. 
Maddox was about to say something, but his mouth opened in outrage when Mindy pinched his thigh harshly under the table. 
'What was that about?', Maddox snapped at Mindy through their mind-link while rubbing the spot that throbbed painfully. 
'Keep your snarky remarks to yourself.', Mindy said. 'I know that so far you and Alpha Damon blabbered without filter, but if you don't want to anger him, you should control your urge to make fun of them.' 
'How did you know…?', Maddox didn't finish that. Mindy is his sister, of course, she knew what he was about to do. 'Do you think Damon will be angered?' 
'Don't you see that he cares about Talia? If you continue messing with them, Alpha Damon might mess you up.' 
Maddox frowned. 'He can try.' 
Mindy rolled her eyes. She never understood their macho-showdowns that lead nowhere other than the hospital. Maddox is bulkier than Damon, but whenever those two ended up in a scuffle, it was Maddox who needed medical help. 
'The outcome of the fight doesn't matter. What matters is that you might anger him and spoil the ongoing collaborations. Is cracking a few jokes worth it?' 
Maddox arched his eyebrow thoughtfully and he heard Mindy's voice in his head, 'To understand how important Talia is, let me tell you that Tony was asking Alpha Damon about the Luna ceremony for Talia, and he didn't deny the possibility.' 
Maddox looked at Mindy suspiciously. 'Seriously? This Damon? Damon who swore that he won't get hooked up?' 
Mindy smirked knowingly. 'Yes. The same Damon who said that he won't have a girlfriend yet look at him now. You should know better than anyone that Damon doesn't behave like this with his hookups. And considering how long Talia is staying in the packhouse, this is definitely nothing casual. Keep that in mind…' 
"Can we join here?", Kalina's question interrupted the mind dialogue between Maddox and Mindy. 
Damon and Talia also looked at two newcomers, Kalina and Tony. 
Mindy gestured toward the free chairs, for Kalina and Tony to sit. It's their party, who is she to stop them? 
"Aren't you sitting at the main table?", Mindy asked while glancing in the direction where the largest table was set up with lavish flowery decorations. Alpha Magnus, Luna Alicia, and a number of Elders were seated at that table. 
Kalina puffed her cheeks. "I paid my respects to everyone who was on a must-greet list, and to be honest, I don't know anyone who makes me comfortable." 
If not for her mate bond with Tony, Kalina would escape from the moment Luna Alicia presented her with a silky peach-colored gown which is totally not Kalina's sport-ish style, but because of Tony, Kalina sucked it up and put on a princess style dress. It even came with a tiara that had pink sapphires! 
After the speech and photos, Kalina paid respects to the Elders of the Lightclaw pack. She smiled and pretended not to see their condescending looks while telling herself that this is just temporary, one evening, and she will talk about this with Tony later. He can't expect her to do this all the time, right? 
This evening, so far, was suffocating, and spending some time with Talia and Mindy will be like a fresh breeze. 
Tony welcomed Kalina's suggestion to sit at the table with Damon, Talia, Maddox, and Mindy. 
This event has more than a dozen Alphas, but only Damon and Maddox are from the younger generation. Everyone else is much older and they are talking with Tony like he is a child. 
Tony was painfully aware of his inexperience, but he still had his pride and a will to learn. That's one of the reasons why Tony hoped to establish good relationships with Damon and Maddox. 
Omegas just finished setting the table with salads and soups when the reporter from WW Magazine approached the table. 
"Can I take some photos?", he asked while his camera pointed at Tony and Kalina, but his eyes were gravitating toward Damon and Talia. 
"Sure.", Tony responded. "Just hurry up. We want to eat in peace, and you should grab something to eat also." 
The reporter bobbed his head excitedly and started clicking with his camera fervently. He was pointing at Tony and Kalina, but at an angle while hoping to capture Damon with his mysterious date. 
The reporter is a werewolf, and he knew who Damon is. Getting a photo of Damon with his date will be huge! 
Seeing that reporter is not very good at being sneaky, Damon pulled Talia to lean completely on him. "Come closer, kitten, so that the man can get a good photo of us." 
Photos!? Talia held her breath while panicking internally, but she obeyed. She didn't want to cause a scene because of the people watching. 
The reporter nearly squealed from joy. He just got permission from Damon to take their photos! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 166 - The Event At The Lightclaw Pack (4)
At one table in the back… 
'Are you OK with this?', Nora's voice sounded in Marcy's head through the mind-link. 
'OK, with what?', Marcy responded with a question while pushing the food on her plate. 
'Your future husband is entertaining some nobody.', Nora said. 
Nora couldn't believe that Marcy showed no interest in investigating the situation or going to greet her future fiancé (aka Damon). 
Nora was unsuccessful in seeing Damon earlier that afternoon and Alpha Edward warned them to stay away, but Nora had a feeling that if Damon sees her in person, he might ask her to stick around. After all, if she managed to get intimacy from Damon right under Marcy's nose in the packhouse of the Red Moon pack, why couldn't she do it again here, regardless of who Damon's date is? 
However, Nora was not completely confident and that's why she wanted to tag along with Marcy, but with Marcy being indifferent, Nora was stuck sitting at the table. 
As for Marcy, she knew that Nora was instigating her. Did Nora really think that Marcy will fall for that trick? 
But what Marcy didn't understand was, what was Nora trying to accomplish? Even if Marcy went there and made a complete fool of herself, it's not like Nora can take her place; not as Damon's (future) fiancée, and not as Alpha Edward's daughter. Nora can't be that stupid to sabotage Marcy without getting anything in return, right? 
'What do you expect me to do, Nora? Did you forget what my father said?' 
Nora rolled her eyes. 'Come on. You are his daughter. He won't kick you out of the pack.' 
'True. My father won't go that far, but Alpha Damon might send me to the dungeon.', Marcy said matter-of-factly. 'You are the one who told me what happened. I have no intention of being a cellmate to whatever-her-name-is.' 
Marcy came from Europe less than a month ago, so she didn't get a chance to meet Cassie, but the news spread fast, and Nora and Marcy knew what happened in the hallway, even though they were not there. 
'That woman used some witchcraft to come here with Alpha Damon and get his attention. Everyone is laughing at you.', Nora snapped. 
Marcy cringed. Witchcraft? Really? 'Let them laugh. That woman won't last. A week from now, I will laugh while announcing my engagement to Alpha Damon.' 
For the first time since coming from Europe, Marcy was glad that she was the new face and that she didn't know people present. It was easier to ignore them. 
Was Marcy OK with this? Of course, she wasn't! But what were her options? One was worse than the other, and the safest thing was to stay put and wait for this torturous evening to end. 
This was Marcy's first major event outside the Red Moon pack since she came from Europe, and Marcy was pissed that instead of strutting around with her head held high, she needed to lay low. 
Yes, she should go and greet Damon, but she was determined to postpone that as much as possible. 
Marcy's priority was to befriend Kalina. That's why she came here. 
Marcy couldn't leave early without angering her father, but if Alpha Damon leaves, Marcy will have a good excuse as to why she didn't greet him. As for that woman who is latched to Damon, Marcy will show her who is worthy to be by Damon's side, if she dares to show up in front of Marcy. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia shivered suddenly as the malice toward her nearly took physical form and it gave her goosebumps. 
"Are you cold?", Damon asked while rubbing Talia's shoulder and upper arm. 
"No." She was not cold, but she couldn't explain why she shivered. It was like something icy formed in her heart and caused discomfort. 
"Are you sure?", Damon's brows came together in concern. Yes, it was a warm summer evening, but Talia didn't have her wolf and Damon was not sure how her body temperature was regulated, but he definitely felt those goosebumps under his palm. 
He got an idea. 
"We are done with food, how about dancing?" 
They still didn't have dessert and Omegas were refilling trays with a variety of snacks, but the official part of dinner was done. 
Talia stared at Damon. Did he just ask her to dance? She kind of danced in the Shifters nightclub, but that was packed with people and the music was loud and upbeat, and this was jazz. On top of that, Talia didn't see the dancefloor or people dancing. Will they be the only ones? 
"I don't know how.", Talia said weakly. She really had no clue how to dance to this slow music. 
Damon chuckled. "Me neither. Come. It will warm you up and help with digestion, and when we return, we can have dessert." 
Damon could see that Talia was hesitating, but he didn't want to let her wiggle out of this. 
He glanced at the four people at their table. "We are going to dance and will be back in a bit." 
Before Talia could figure out what to say to avoid it, Damon was already holding her hand and leading the way. 
To Talia's horror, they were going to the stage where Alpha Magnus held his speech when he introduced Kalina. It was elevated, for everyone to see! Talia saw two other couples who were dancing there, but the stage provided enough space for at least fifty more couples, and those two definitely didn't provide any protection from all the gazes directed their way. 
"Nervous?", Damon asked Talia with amusement in his voice. 
Talia nodded in small jerky movements. 
"Don't be. Just relax and follow my lead.", Damon said and pulled her closer to him. 
Damon put Talia's hands on his shoulders and his palms pressed gently on her back. With small nudges, he was telling her which way to move. 
Damon smiled. "You are doing very well." 
Talia narrowed her eyes at him. "You said that you don't know how to dance." It was obvious that Damon knew what he was doing. 
Damon took Talia's hand into his and he made her twirl once, twice, and then he pulled her back toward him. 
"It's been so long since I danced, that it doesn't count.", Damon said, and seeing Talia's questioning gaze, he explained, "My mother taught me. I didn't see the value in dancing, but my mother insisted. Every time we had a pack event, she would drag me to dance. She said that I need to practice because once I meet a special girl, I will want to dance with her." 
Damon leaned closer and murmured close to Talia's ear. "It's more than a decade since I danced last time. You are the second woman who made me come to the dancefloor." 
Talia's heart fluttered, making her lightheaded. 
Did he just say what she thought he said? 
"I… I…", Talia stuttered. "I didn't make you come here.", she blurted out. 
Damon chuckled. "Are you sure? I had an inexplicable urge to dance with you, kitten. This is another first for me. With you." 
Before Talia could respond, Damon made her twirl again, and then he pulled her toward him where she nestled in his firm embrace and they moved together, following the beat of the slow jazz music. 
Talia was not sure if she was dizzy from all the twirling or from the unexpected intimacy they shared on that stage, for everyone to see, but she knew that no matter how dizzy she gets, Damon won't let her fall. 
Back at the table… 
"Alpha Damon is a good dancer", Mindy said. 
Maddox was also looking that way. "We went out together so many times, but this is my first time to see him dancing." 
'He changed for Talia. Do you think that Alpha Damon is serious? Will he make Talia his Luna?', Mindy continued through their mind-link so that no one can overhear them. 
When she didn't get a response, Mindy turned to see Maddox holding his phone and recording a video of Damon and Talia dancing. 
After capturing about ten seconds, Maddox lowered the phone and started typing swiftly. 
"What are you doing?", Mindy asked while peering at Maddox's phone. 
Maddox moved his phone before Mindy could read the lengthy text message he was working on. 
"Sending this to Axel.", Maddox said. 
Mindy didn't know that her brother was so close to Axel. Are they gossip-buddies? No, her brother has no filter, but he doesn't engage in gossip. "Why?" 
"Axel showed unusual interest in Talia and since you forbade me to poke Damon about it…", Maddox looked at Mindy and wiggled his eyebrows mischievously. 
Mindy rolled her eyes when she realized that her brother will make Axel do his dirty work. And it's not because Mindy said so, but because Maddox found a scapegoat who can dig out the information and Maddox will just watch from the sidelines. 
Is this childish behavior befitting a powerful Alpha who is leading a pack? 
But Mindy knew that her brother has a lot of work, and he is under constant pressure and stress, and it's rare for him to relax and be playful. 
She shook her head helplessly. "One day, you will find a girl who will move you, and then I will encourage Alpha Damon to mess with you." 
Maddox glanced at Tony, with the hope to get some manly support, but he saw that Tony was completely focused on Kalina. 
Maddox made a face. It was a familiar scene, mated couples who are so much into each other that they don't notice anyone else. 
It's not that Maddox is against mates, but he is in his mid-twenties and doing fairly well. The idea that a woman will show up and flip his world upside-down was unsettling. At the same time, Maddox was curious to experience ultimate infatuation with the woman who will make all others insignificant, and they will be absolutely focused on each other. 
An invisible lightbulb lit up above Maddox's head. Couples who are into each other… infatuation… isn't there one couple that fits that description… right there on the stage, dancing? 
---
###Chapter 167 - The Event At The Lightclaw Pack (5) [Bonus ]
When Damon and Talia left the stage, Talia was floating. 
The two of them danced for some time, Talia didn't pay attention to how many songs passed, but she clearly remembered Damon's firm hold, their bodies touching occasionally, and then he would twirl her before enveloping her in his solid embrace that came with her favorite scent of the forest and the dark chocolate, and… it was the best thing ever! 
On several occasions, Damon moved close, so close that she could feel his breath on her lips, and Talia was sure that he will kiss her, but he only smiled a little, and his tease made butterflies in her stomach go crazy. 
"Do you like dancing with me?", Damon asked as they walked to their table. He could feel Talia's joy, but he still wanted to hear it. 
Talia nodded earnestly. "You are an amazing dancer." 
Damon chuckled. Praise from Talia made him swell with pride. "Only because you are my partner, kitten." 
Damon enjoyed Talia's slightly flushed expression and he took a mental note to set up the mood for dancing once they return home. It could be in the bedroom, with less clothes, and… he was getting aroused. 
When Damon and Talia reached their table, they saw a scene of Mindy and Kalina standing up. 
Mindy glanced at Talia. "We are going to the ladies' room. Do you want to join us?" 
Talia thought for a moment. Her bladder told her that she could go. It was not urgent, but better now with a company than later on her own, because asking Damon to accompany her might be too much, and going alone could bring trouble. 
Talia was aware that her evening was undisturbed thanks to the protection Damon's presence provided, but surely, as long as she doesn't wander to an isolated place, no one would dare to bully her. This is a high-profile event, and after the incident with Cassie and this dancing, everyone should know that she is with scary Alpha Damon even if they didn't see them sitting together at the table. 
Talia glanced at Damon, silently asking for his opinion, and he leaned closer to say in a hushed voice, "Don't wander alone." 
"I won't", Talia assured him and went after Kalina and Mindy into the packhouse. 
'PAK!' 
Maddox clapped suddenly, to get Damon's and Tony's attention. "Now that the girls are gone, how about we go to the bar?" 
Damon frowned in disapproval. Tables are where couples are sitting and people who want to eat and chat, while the bar area is for mingling. 
Yes, normally Damon and Maddox would go to the bar because that was the perfect position to observe women who were looking for company, but why would Damon want to go there now? 
"They will be back in a bit.", Damon grumbled. 
Maddox made a face. Why can't Damon consider his position? Damon has a date, but what about Maddox? 
Mindy is his sister, and if Maddox keeps on sitting with Mindy, the only entertainment he will find for the night will be one of the Omegas that are working at the event, and there is not much honor in bedding an Omega. They are so… submissive. 
Maddox likes them submissive, but he prefers first to break them, so his desired woman is one with a Beta bloodline who has just the right amount of spunk. Yes, Maddox enjoys seeing those women bending to his will. 
It's not that Maddox couldn't go to the bar on his own, but it's always better in a company. Damon and Maddox usually get drinks and comment on women until they make their picks. 
"Girls can take a while because, for them, the restroom is much more than just doing the business. By the time they fix their hair and makeup, we can have two drinks, probably more.", Maddox said. Seeing that Damon was still not willing, Maddox changed tactics. "You can pick one of those fruity cocktails that girls like for Talia. She will appreciate that." 
Damon's frown eased, and Maddox knew that he got him. Next, he turned to Tony. "How about you? Coming?" 
Tony was delighted that Maddox included him. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia, Kalina, and Mindy didn't expect to see a line. 
The restroom next to the event hall had three stalls and three sinks, and there was a small sitting area. 
More than a dozen women were waiting. Just as Maddox said, women didn't come just to relieve themselves but they were taking their time with fixing their hair, makeup, and wardrobe. Some of them were chatting, treating the restroom like a women-only lounge. 
One woman was dabbing with a paper towel a dark red wine stain on her green gown. That won't come out like that, but she was trying to salvage her gown and the evening. 
"When we are done, let's wait for each other outside…", Mindy suggested and Kalina and Talia agreed. It was crowded inside. 
"How are you handling the pressure?", Mindy asked Kalina. 
Kalina exhaled helplessly. "Since you asked me that question, it seems I'm not handling it well." 
"Just pick your battles and you will do well.", Mindy said. "You can't win them all and don't fight more than one at the same time…" 
Talia listened to Mindy advising Kalina and she understood that Kalina was not happy with her current situation. 
It seems that just finding a mate doesn't guarantee happiness, even if that mate is a future Alpha. 
Considering that Kalina and Tony were smitten with each other, and their smiles were genuine, Talia concluded that any issues Kalina was facing were coming from someone else. Tony's parents? Pack members? Social pressure? 
Talia knew about social pressure because she was on pins and needles while hoping not to embarrass Damon. When Damon was next to her, she found safety, knowing that he will take care of everything, but now that she was away from him, Talia was nervous. 
Two older ladies started chatting with Kalina, and Mindy used an opening to skip the line for the restroom. Other women also turned to Kalina, and Talia followed Mindy's example focusing on why they came to the ladies' room. 
When she was done with her business, Talia washed her hands and reapplied lip gloss while wondering what to do next. 
Kalina was still surrounded by the women, and Mindy was on the other side, chatting with one posh woman, something related to charities. 
Talia concluded that this might take a while and she contemplated if she should go back to their table or wait outside, where they agreed previously. 
Seeing that a few women looked at her curiously, Talia decided to move immediately. 
Talia didn't want anyone to approach her and start a small chat and this restroom provided semi-privacy which made some women bolder than they would be normally. The last thing Talia wanted was to end up in a confrontation with a woman who covets the position of Damon's Luna, or Damon's hookup, or Damon's anything. 
In Talia's opinion, the hallway was safer because it was open, and Damon told her that there are security cameras. 
Talia waved at Mindy while going out and Mindy gave her a nod, acknowledging that she saw her. Talia understood that Mindy will join her as soon as she is done chatting. 
In the hallway, Talia found a spot where she was not in the way, yet not hidden either, and she waited for Mindy and Kalina to come out. 
People moved through the hallway and Talia did her best not to initiate eye contact. She was good in diminishing her presence, but right now she was standing in a fancy gown and even if she stopped breathing, she would be a beautiful striking statue. 
In order to ignore people who were stealing glances at her while passing, Talia closed her eyes and imagined Damon… his intense gaze… his smile that makes her heart skip a beat… and she was lost in daydreaming. 
"Well, look who is here…", a familiar female voice pulled Talia out of her daze, and she turned to see two women approaching her. 
Marcy and Nora. 
It was Nora who spoke and the way she looked at Talia was a giveaway that Nora wanted revenge for Talia slamming the door in her face earlier that afternoon. 
But Talia was more concerned about Marcy who was looking at Talia with surprise, confusion, and then hostility. 
Marcy was vexed. She finally went to meet Kalina, and she was pleased that she managed to avoid Damon, only to hear from one of the Omega servers that Kalina went to the restroom. That's why Marcy and Nora came here. 
Marcy didn't expect to bump into Damon's date (aka Talia) here. She didn't recognize her as the Omega from the attic of the Red Moon pack, but she was painfully aware how that's the woman who was dancing with Damon for everyone to see. The woman who caused everyone to look at Marcy like she was wearing a green hat. 
How can Marcy hold her head high, as the princess of the Red Moon pack, as the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, when her husband-to-be is being lovey-dovey with some other woman? The other woman who was right here… in front of her. 
Marcy took a deep breath and told herself not to create a scene, but she was not sure if she will be able to control her emotions and Nora's hostility was tangible. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 168 - The Event At The Lightclaw Pack (6) [Bonus ]
Talia looked at Marcy and Nora approaching her, and she chanted internally Damon's words how she should treat everyone equally regardless of who they are. 
That's right. Talia was never in the Red Moon pack. She doesn't know who Marcy and Nora are. Even if they suspect who Talia is, they won't have proof. It's that simple. 
Nora stopped in front of Talia and scrutinized her from head to toe and Talia released the breath she was holding when she realized that Marcy was looking at her with blank enmity. 
Talia remembered Marcy's words from about two weeks ago, while she was hitting her. Marcy was saying how she is the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack and that Damon is hers and based on that Talia guessed how Marcy is not a she-wolf who would share a man, even if that man is Alpha Damon. 
However, why did Nora come on her own to their room? 
Something was fishy and Talia wondered if she can take advantage of it. 
"Can I help you?", Talia asked while her eyes moved from Nora to Marcy. 
Nora snorted. "Are you pretending that you don't know who we are?" 
Talia gave a long inquisitive look at Marcy and then moved to Nora. 
"I know who you are.", Talia said. "You are the woman who came to my room this afternoon demanding to see Damon." 
Marcy froze in a frown and Nora's face fell. 
'BINGO!', Talia screamed in her head. 
"Do you still want to see him, or was your visit related to a matter that should be discussed in private?" Talia glanced at the door of the ladies' room. "This is for females. I can assure you that he is not in there." 
Nora snorted, irritated that Talia just spilled a big secret. If Marcy tells Alpha Edward that Nora went to Damon's room, Nora might end up in trouble. 
"Who do you think you are?", Nora asked. 
"You approached me, shouldn't you introduce yourself first?", Talia responded with a question. 
"This is Marcy Redmayne, the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack.", Nora said smugly while gesturing toward Marcy. 
Talia nodded in understanding and then glanced at Nora. "And you are her spokeswoman?" 
Nora's eyes narrowed into angry slits, and before she could say anything, Mindy's voice came from the side. 
"Marcy and Nora from the Red Moon pack." Mindy stood next to Talia. "Are they bullying you?" 
"No, no…", Talia said quickly. "Actually, I'm not sure. They just got here." 
Marcy blinked at Mindy while wondering who she is. 
Marcy was still processing the information that Nora went to Damon's room earlier that day. Marcy remembered that Nora went for a walk, and she was not in their room for some time. Just how much is Nora working behind her back? 
"We were just saying, hi, Mindy.", Nora said stiffly when she saw that Marcy turned mute. 
Mindy sneered. "I'm sure you did." She knew Nora very well, and Mindy didn't like her. 
"Is there a problem?", Kalina asked while approaching the four women. She was new in the pack, but technically, Kalina was the host, and she couldn't stand on the side and watch an obvious unpleasant situation. 
"It seems that Alpha's and Beta's daughters from the Red Moon pack want to bully Lia.", Mindy said with a straight face. 
"I hope not.", Kalina said. "Lia is my dear friend and anyone who bullies her can't be part of our circle." 
Talia smiled gratefully. No one ever stood up for her like that publicly, making her feel like she belongs to a group. 
Well, there was Damon, but he is a scary Alpha and in a league of his own. 
Talia remembered Olivia who was amazing when they were alone, but when in public and someone bullied Talia, Olivia would lower her head and pretend that she doesn't know her. Talia thought how that was as good as it gets, but now that she saw Mindy and Kalina standing up to her, Talia's heart swelled. 
"Thank you.", Talia said to Kalina and Mindy. 
"I never heard of you.", Talia said to Marcy. "You are the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack? Unless I hear that from Damon, I won't believe it. As for you…", Talia looked at Nora. "It seems that the warning from security was not enough, and I will need to tell Damon that you disturbed me again. As Beta's daughter, you should know that it's not your place to meddle in Alpha's business, and as Damon's date, I am Alpha's business." 
Talia plastered a stiff smile on her face and walked away. 
Mindy looked after Talia and silently adjusted her assessment of the latter who knew how to put those two in place. Talia was not intimidated by Marcy's and Nora's status and Mindy approved, but she wanted to add something. 
"Miss Marcy, I heard that you came recently from Europe so maybe you don't know some traits of Alpha Damon. Any woman who previously claimed to be associated with Damon didn't find a good ending, and the last woman who tried something funny in front of Lia is now in the dungeon." Mindy gestured toward Nora. "Your Beta companion should inform you of that. After all, Nora is familiar with many future and current Alphas. Intimately." 
Mindy linked her arm with Kalina's, and the duo walked away in the direction where Talia went, leaving behind Marcy and Nora. 
Mindy didn't know if Nora slept with Damon, but Nora's reputation of sleeping with high-ranked people was well-known and considering Damon's reputation, it was not farfetched to assume that those two rolled in the sheets. 
Unfortunately for Marcy, Mindy's comment hit dead center. 
To make things worse, from the corner of her eye, Marcy noticed several women observing the scene. Since when were they watching? Marcy was not sure, but they definitely heard Mindy's last comment. 
From the beginning of this blasted event, Marcy was pretending not to hear whispers about Damon and his date, and Marcy turned a blind eye when the happy couple danced on the stage for everyone to see. At that time, Marcy thought how embarrassment can't go worse than that, but now Nora proved her wrong. 
Marcy gritted her teeth and turned to Nora robotically. "Are you so set to get me in the dungeon, or killed? Will you be happy if everyone ridicules me?" 
Nora frowned. "What did I do?" 
Marcy exhaled in frustration. "That WAS Kalina! The future Luna of the Lightclaw pack. The woman I am supposed to leave a good impression on. How can I leave a good impression when you embarrass me like that? Just wait until my father hears that you went to Alpha Damon's room on your own…" 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Two turns later, Kalina and Mindy saw Talia who was leaning on the wall. 
"Are you alright?", Mindy asked while walking to Talia in haste. 
Talia let out a long breath. She was brave until just a few seconds ago, but now that the immediate danger is gone, Talia felt her legs shaking. 
"I'm fine, it's just…", Talia stopped talking. She couldn't tell Mindy and Kalina the truth. No one should know that she came from the Red Moon pack and that she was bullied, and that Marcy beat her up, twice. 
"I'm not used to dealing with such situations.", Talia said. 
"You handled them great.", Mindy said and Kalina nodded in agreement. 
"Nora is a horrible person, full of herself, and it seems that Marcy is not much better." Mindy hesitated before saying, "You know that there are rumors how Marcy will be Alpha Damon's Luna, right?" 
Talia nodded. She knew that very well, but… "I will believe what Damon tells me." 
Marcy came as a topic between Damon and Talia more than once and every time Damon assured Talia that he is not interested in Marcy. Talia didn't understand why Damon doesn't make that clear to Marcy, like some public statement that will shut down the rumors; surely he could find a way to reject her without causing a war between the two packs, but Talia still chose to believe that Damon had his reasons, and she hoped that his reasons are not to deceive Talia. 
Talia couldn't understand why her anxiousness was increasing. And it was more than just anxiousness, there was some fury that bubbled inside her and she needed to calm down. 
"The two of you go ahead without me.", Talia said. 
Mindy didn't approve. "Where are you going?" 
"Not far. I will find a secluded spot in the garden and get some air. I don't want Alpha Damon to see me like this. He already sent one woman into the dungeon…" 
Kalina and Mindy exchanged glances and Kalina said, "Don't wander far away. Stay close so that no one gets funny ideas like those two." 
The moment Talia left the packhouse, she took a right and went beyond the area where tables were set. 
She passed a row of tall thuyas before stopping. Talia could hear the music and indistinct chatter and she looked longingly at the scarce trees in the distance. 
If this was the Dark Howlers pack, she would go into the forest and walk barefoot on the soft grass. That usually calmed her down. But now she couldn't leave because this was not home, and she didn't want to leave and make Damon worried. 
Talia pressed her hand against her chest where her heart was thundering. What's going on? She should be happy that her encounter with Marcy went well and this… why was she so uneasy? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 169 - The Event At The Lightclaw Pack (7)
While Talia was uneasy at the edge of the garden, at the bar… 
Damon and Maddox were looking at an older man who joined them a minute ago, instantly creating a stifling atmosphere. 
Before the man appeared, Tony was summoned by his father, so only Damon and Maddox got to face this man who looked at them with displeasure. 
He was glancing at both Maddox and Damon, but Damon had a feeling that the guy came for him. 
"Elder Parker, to what do we owe this pleasure?", Damon wanted to be done with whatever the man had on his mind. 
Elder Parker is working with Alpha Edward on setting up Marcy as Damon's Luna, and Damon knew that the old guy didn't come for a drink. After all, as an Elder, Elder Parker doesn't roam around to approach youngsters unless he has some important business. 
"I hear you came with a date.", Elder Parker said to Damon, going straight to the point. 
"So?" 
Elder Parker narrowed his eyes at Damon. "Shouldn't you be with your future Luna?" 
"You mean, the woman you chose to be my Luna?" 
"I am only reminding you that you shouldn't offend people unnecessarily. You don't have a Luna and some of us are willing to help you find a suitable candidate.", Elder Parker said casually like he was discussing the weather. "The Dark Howlers pack is big, and you have a small number of people managing it. Luna will help you, and the right one will bring valuable allies. Your current situation is not optimistic. Without enough people in charge, the pack members are restless, and they might leave or rebel. Imagine what will happen if you lose one of those few people you are currently relying on. Hm?" 
Damon was boiling on the inside. What crap was the old fart selling? This was an obvious warning that if he doesn't listen, they will cause him trouble. 
Damon also knew that Elder Parker was not working alone. 
There were others watching carefully and if Damon loses his temper, they will sabotage him, somehow. 
Besides, he was here with Talia and if he causes a scene, he will spoil her fun. He really wanted Talia to have a good time. 
The good thing in the current situation was that Talia was not nearby to hear Elder Parker's words. 
"Thank you for your warning, Elder Parker. I'm confident you are aware that my engagement with Marcy from the Red Moon pack is not set in stone and that we are working toward figuring out what works. Now if you would excuse me, this is a party. If you want to discuss business, I suggest you schedule an appointment. It's not advisable to have serious discussions over drinks." Damon nodded curtly and walked away from the bar. 
Maddox was one step behind Damon. 
"They are not even pretending anymore to care about you.", Maddox said to Damon. 
Damon exhaled in frustration and didn't respond. There was no point in saying anything but he was grateful for Maddox's silent support. Just by standing by Damon's side, Maddox was announcing whose side he will take once the shit hits the fan. 
Everyone knew that Elders and some Alphas are trying to set up Damon with the candidate of their choice to be Damon's Luna. That was not a secret. 
People in power want more power, and Maddox was not immune to various plots, but his parents were there to shield him from many schemes while those leeches were coming at Damon on a pretense that he is young and without guidance from seniors, and they were offering their so-called help. 
So far, Damon was taking them lightly and he would scheme to refuse the bride candidates in various ways, but now it was different. Now there was Talia, and he didn't want her to be involved in these unsavory games. 
Damon was royally pissed after talking with Elder Parker, and he feared that the old guy might extend his reach toward Talia. 
Damon froze in place when he observed that only Kalina and Mindy were at the table, and he rushed those last few steps until he got there. 
"Where is Talia?", Damon asked grimly. Did Elder Parker get her already? 
Mindy responded. "She is somewhere in the garden." 
Damon's eyes flashed dangerously. "Why?" 
"She said that she wanted to get some air.", Kalina said. 
"What for?" It was obvious that Damon was losing his patience. 
Mindy and Kalina exchanged concerned glances and Mindy exhaled before spilling the beans, "On the way out of the restroom she bumped into Marcy and Nora from the Red Moon pack." 
Damon shoved his hand into his hair. 
He thought that the uneasiness he felt was because of Elder Parker, but now it seems that was Talia's. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia was walking in circles while trying to shake off or at least understand negative emotions that refused to leave her system. Actually, it was getting worse. 
She bit her lower lip nervously while wondering if she stayed here for too long and she reached into her purse to get her phone. It was no use to check the time because she didn't know when she arrived there, but she was contemplating between going back or maybe calling Damon to tell him that she was fine. 
Was she fine? She was not sure, but she was confident that he would be concerned about her when he saw Mindy and Kalina returning to the table without her. But… some time passed. If he was worried about her, why didn't he call or come to find her? 
Talia returned the phone in her purse and wondered if she was too rash to come here. Surely, she was supposed to return to the table right away. 
It would be better if she didn't come to the party at all. Why did she think that she will fit in here and have a good time? It was obvious that all good time was tied to Damon and for that, she didn't need to come all the way to Colorado and make him spend money on the dress and shoes and… 
Talia's thoughts stopped when she heard steps approaching her and some male voices. 
It was two men, chatting, and based on their swaying, Talia could guess that they drank more than they could handle. 
Actually, the party was quite lively. After dinner, people started mingling and drinking, but Talia was sticking to Damon, isolated in their lovey-dovey bubble and she didn't notice anyone else. Until now. 
Two men halted their steps and observed Talia with curiosity. 
"I didn't expect to find a woman here.", one man said and bowed a little. "I am Gordon. General from the Frostfang pack, and this is my friend Bence. And you are…?" 
"Talia.", Talia responded automatically. 
Bence narrowed his eyes at Talia and spoke with a slur, "I know you… You are the woman who was dancing with Alpha from the Dark Howlers pack." He grinned. "What happened? Did your Alpha find another woman?" 
Gordon made a face. "Be tactful." 
They were both intoxicated, but Gordon was in visibly better shape. 
Bence snorted. "Tactful? Everyone knows that women fall for Alphas faster than they can pick them up. This was no different." 
Talia didn't refute anything. She did fall for Damon, after all. 
Gordon looked at Talia apologetically. "I apologize in his name, Miss Talia. He drank…" 
"Pft!", Bence interrupted him. "What Miss? Why are you apologizing? Don't you see that she is no one? If that Alpha appreciates her, he wouldn't leave her alone, and if he is serious, he would mark her. Her neck is clean. Maybe it's waiting for me to mark her. After all, a woman who can get Alpha's attention must have some good skills in bed…" 
'POW!' 
A fist came out of nowhere, connecting with Bence's face and producing bone-cracking sounds while sending him flying. Bence fell on the ground like a ragdoll. 
Damon turned toward Gordon and he punched him in the face before Gordon could react. Gordon stumbled backward and before he could stabilize himself, Damon's knee got lodged in his abdomen and then Damon elbowed him in the back of his neck. 
Talia stared at Gordon who was sprawled on the ground without moving a muscle, and she wondered if Damon killed him. But then... it's not easy to kill a werewolf. He is just unconscious. Probably. 
"What did I tell you about wandering on your own!?", Damon squeezed through his teeth and Talia pressed her lips into a line guiltily. 
Damon panicked when he realized that Talia was on her own after meeting with Marcy and Nora. Who knows what could have happened? How can he find her when her scent is so faint due to those damned herbs she is taking? But then he remembered to use his phone and track her via GPS. 
How come every time she leaves his sight he finds her with some sleazy guys sticking to her? 
Before Talia could figure out how to respond to Damon's question without angering him further, she found herself in Damon's embrace. 
"Kitten…", he called with desperation in his voice. "If anything happened to you…" Damon choked on his words and gathered her tightly against himself. 
Talia's heart cracked. Why was she so sad? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 170 - The Event At The Lightclaw Pack (8) [Bonus ]
Talia never saw Damon act in such a violent manner, but somehow, she was confident that under all that rage is a man who was concerned about her, and he wouldn't harm her. 
Talia's arms circled around Damon, and she buried her face in his chest. 
Talia is not a crybaby and there was no reason to cry, but her eyes were prickling with tears that threatened to fall and she couldn't explain all the conflicting emotions that raged within her. 
Anger, sadness, relief, joy... contradictory, but they were all there, making her want to sob and laugh and break something, and Talia pushed herself further into Damon, seeking comfort. He is powerful and knowledgeable, and she hoped that he can disperse her emotional storm. 
Every time Talia inhaled Damon's addictive scent, her heart calmed a bit and she remembered that she messed up. 
If she didn't come out of the ladies' room to stand in the hallway, Marcy and Nora wouldn't approach her, and she wouldn't get upset and come out, and there would be no need for Damon to search for her and those guys wouldn't get a beating... It was all her fault. 
"I'm sorry, Damon", Talia said in a small voice. 
"How many times do I need to tell you that I don't want to hear your apologies? If you are truly sorry, don't do it again. Don't leave me…" 
Talia didn't want to leave him. She only wanted some space to think and calm down. 
Is that why he was upset? Because he thought that she left? 
How was she supposed to know that her desire for space would end up with two unconscious guys, and… It was all a mess, but somehow, in Damon's embrace, Talia found peace. 
If Talia remembered that Damon's proximity comes with this calm, she would go to him right away instead of going to find solitude. How could she forget that Damon has the power to shut down all the noise? 
Damon let out a long breath and he wondered if he freaked her out. "I didn't mean to teach those guys a lesson in front of you, but when I heard that bastard talk trash, I lost it. Did I scare you?" 
Talia shook her head, indicating that she was not scared, but… "The guy who was talking trash was drunk. The other guy was apologizing, yet he got more beating." 
Damon thought for a moment before responding. 
"Being drunk is not an excuse for bad behavior. No one gets to disrespect you. No one.", Damon said sternly and glanced at Gordon (aka the guy who got more beating). "As for this guy, he is guilty by association." 
Talia was speechless. Touched, but still speechless. Damon justified beating up a guy who was not at fault, other than being there. 
Now that Talia thought about what happened, Gordon probably brought his drunk friend here to sober up and not make a scandal at the party, and they both ended up meeting Damon's fists. 
Damon didn't want to talk about it anymore. Those two guys were not important. 
Damon buried his face in the crook of Talia's neck and took a deep breath that filled his system with the sweet citrusy scent of freesia. 
He heard that drunkard saying how Talia is no one, that Damon abandoned her, and that she is not important because Damon didn't mark her. 
Damon placed a small kiss at the base of Talia's neck, right where his mark should come, and Talia released a shaky sigh while fisting his shirt in an attempt to stabilize herself. That was such a sensitive spot. 
"Kitten", Damon murmured, and his lips moved against her skin. "I really want to mark you. Right here…" He licked the spot and Talia's legs gave in. Thanks to Damon's embrace she didn't fall down. 
"Can I?" 
Talia's mind was spinning. Did he ask her something? "What?" 
Damon lifted his head to look at Talia. "Will you wear my mark?" 
Talia stared at Damon in disbelief, confident that her ear malfunctioned because there was no way that he said what she thought he said. 
What's up with that emotional gaze? She could drown in his icy-blue eyes but… was Damon nervous? 
Did he ask about marking her? Like mark-mark? 
For werewolves, marking is forever. It's more than a marriage, it's a lifetime commitment that strengthens an existing mate bond or creates one if it doesn't exist. 
This outrageously handsome specimen who smells of the forest and dark chocolate just asked her if she would be willing to wear his mark? Was she dreaming? 
"Do you know what you are saying?", Talia asked breathily when she found her voice. 
She wondered, how much did he drink? Or did he eat something funny? 
Damon couldn't believe that Talia was doubting him. If this was any other girl she would jump on him already, but this was not just any girl. This was Talia and she was worth it. She was the only one worth it. 
Damon nudged her nose with his. "I know that you are the only one who can be Mrs. Blake, the only one with whom I want to dance, the only one with whom I can see myself in the future. I will not do it without your permission, but…" 
Damon stopped talking and he let out a long breath as he observed Talia's face. She was practically non-responsive. 
He thought that after she agrees to marking, he will tell her about potential consequences to her wolf and warn her about the pain that will come when he injects her with his venom, and probably recommend that they seek advice from the pack doctor or the shaman, but how can he talk about any of that while she was paralyzed? 
"Blink twice if you can hear me.", Damon said. 
Talia blinked twice and Damon smiled helplessly. 
He couldn't believe that he was asking for permission to mark his own mate. As an Alpha, Damon was used to claiming what he wants, and everyone bows to his will. 
Alphas mark their mates on the same day they recognize each other, yet Damon ended up suppressing his wolf at the back of his mind so that he can resist the urge to sink his teeth into Talia's neck, and not give in to the maddening arousal which storms his system whenever Talia is nearby. 
If she could feel the bond, this would all be so much easier, but without the bond, he needs to win her heart, her mind, her trust... So much work, damn it! 
Damon cupped her cheeks into his palms and looked into her honeyed eyes while saying, "I had many firsts with you, kitten. And this is the first time I want to mark someone. I am not playing. Think about it." And get used to the idea that we will be together forever. 
Talia's lips stretched into a smile that reached her eyes. 
The idea of Damon marking her was too fantastic and it was floating at the top of Talia's mind, just how oil stays above water, but she definitely heard the part where Damon said that he was not toying with her. 
Talia's arms moved around Damon's neck, and she got on her toes and Damon eagerly welcomed her kisses. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Don't let me disturb you…", Maddox grumbled while checking the condition of two poor guys who were unfortunate enough to be on the receiving end of Damon's anger. 
Maddox knew that Damon was agitated after Elder Parker approached them, and then it got worse when Mindy said that Talia met two women from the Red Moon pack which caused Damon to fiddle with his phone for a few seconds before dashing away. 
Maddox didn't understand the situation, but considering Damon's state, Maddox thought that he should follow him. 
Maddox was right behind Damon, but without knowing where Damon was going and with the guests crowding, Maddox lost him, and it took him some time to track Damon in the ocean of various scents. 
When he finally found Damon, Maddox was not sure what to expect, but it was definitely not the scene of Damon and Talia making out with two unconscious guys around them. 
Damon inched away from Talia with difficulty. 
"Thanks, Max.", Damon said. "Please, take care of them." 
Talia's eyes widened in horror. How come she didn't realize that Alpha Maddox was there? Did he see them making out? Definitely. Oh, God! Now what? 
Talia stuck closer to Damon while hiding her face in his chest, hoping that she can merge with Damon's body or maybe turn invisible because facing Alpha Maddox was too embarrassing. 
Damon smiled at the silly girl in his arms, and he tightened his hold on her. 
Maddox looked with a confused frown as Damon scooped Talia in his arms. 
"You are leaving me to clean up your mess?", Maddox asked in outrage. 
"Talia is upset.", Damon said with a straight face. "I need to comfort her. Tell Mindy and Kalina that Talia is out for the night. If they want more girl time with Talia, they can have it in the morning." 
Maddox's lips twitched. He couldn't believe this! Did Damon just turn him into some messenger? 
And what comforting!? Talia was fine! It was obvious that they were going to get frisky! 
But then… Maddox remembered Talia's shy behavior that hinted at the possibility that she was inexperienced in pleasures of flesh so… maybe… ah, who knows? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 171 - Talia’s Punishment
"WAIT!", Maddox shouted after Damon who was walking away with Talia in his arms. "What should I do about these two?" 
"I'm sure you can think of something!", Damon shouted back without halting his steps. 
Maddox stood frozen with his mouth half-open. 
Why was Damon treating him like a cleaning crew!? 
Maddox cursed loudly. He is an Alpha, damn it! 
He has people taking care of these things! 
But now there were no people because he came with Mindy, and that gave him the idea… 
'Mindy! I need your help.', Maddox called through the mind-link. 'Come at the back of the garden, behind thuyas...' He was giving her instructions while ignoring Mindy's grumbling about how she was in the middle of chatting with Kalina. 
If this was not such a high-profile event, Maddox would just walk away, but what if those two guys wake up and start talking nonsense? 
Ah, if he knew it will end up like this, he would stay at the table instead of following after Damon! 
Unfortunately, someone probably saw him coming here, and he got implicated. What a bother… 
… 
"Can you keep me down?", Talia asked Damon with an urgent whisper when she realized that he was walking toward the party with her in his arms. 
"No.", Damon responded with finality and Talia hid her face in the crook of his neck, hoping that she can turn invisible or at least that no one will pay attention to them. 
Damon's destination was not their table. He took a turn into the packhouse, and Talia tried not to think about how many guests from the garden noticed them before they disappeared through the closest open French doors. 
Talia tensed when she heard another wave of chatter, and she couldn't believe that Damon was carrying her through the event hall that was full of people. 
The intense glares from various misses were burning her skin. 
Talia's face was hidden, but based on her dress, everyone knew that she was Damon's date. 
Talia felt like crying. If Marcy and Nora came to her previously to stir trouble, after this, those two will come at Talia looking for blood. 
With the clamor quieting down, Talia peeked over Damon's shoulder to see that they were in the hallway. "Are we really leaving the party?" 
Damon didn't respond. 
Talia stared at his face, and she smiled when she acknowledged that under that unreadable expression, Damon was relaxed. Whatever tension was in the garden, he left it there, and her uneasiness disappeared as well. 
Talia leaned on Damon completely and enjoyed the carrying service he provided. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon closed the door of their bedroom behind them before keeping Talia to stand on the ground. 
"Why are we here?", Talia voiced her thoughts. It was getting late, but it was still lively outside without signs that the party was going to end anytime soon. Was he tired? He didn't look like it. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Talia and stalked toward her. 
Talia gulped a mouthful of air while retreating and she jolted when her back hit the door. There was nowhere to go. 
Damon put his hands against the door, trapping Talia between his arms. 
"You disobeyed me, kitten.", he said grimly. 
Talia's breath hitched. "What?" 
"I told you not to wander alone, yet you did. And what did I find? You and two guys.", Damon reminded her. "How should I punish you?" 
Talia's eyes widened to the point of hurting and she felt heat creeping up her neck at the thought of the last punishment Damon gave her… in the study… with his head between her legs… Why was the room running out of oxygen? 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia and a sly smirk appeared at the corner of his lips. 
"It's not a punishment if you are looking forward to it.", he drawled. 
Talia closed her eyes and cursed internally. He just smelled her arousal. Why was she thinking that the punishment will be the same? What if he puts her over his knee and spanks her? Wait! Somehow, that was arousing as well. Damn it! 
Talia collected her courage and looked him in the eyes. "I'm sorry, Damon…" 
"A-a-a…", Damon interrupted her. "I told you that I don't want to hear your apologies." 
"But you should hear my explanation!", Talia snapped. Why was he so unreasonable? 
Damon was amused by Talia's spunk. She was talking back again, acting like his Luna, without realizing it. 
He already planned to get the security footage and find out what exactly happened to make Talia stray on her own in the garden instead of coming to him, but he was curious to hear her version. 
Damon took half a step back, to give her more space, making sure that his palms were still touching the door, keeping her trapped between his arms. 
Talia understood more space as an OK to talk. 
"I was waiting for Lina and Mindy to come out of the restroom, how we agreed previously. They were stopped by some women, and it took a while. Before I knew it, Marcy and Nora were in front of me. Marcy didn't say much. Nora did most of the talking." 
Damon hid his anxiety behind a frown. "What did she say?" 
"Uhm…" Talia hesitated for an endless second. "She said that Marcy will be your Luna." 
"She won't…" 
"I know", Talia interrupted him. "You told me that and I believe you. Actually, when I brought up that Nora came to our room, Nora shrunk, and based on Marcy's expression, I could guess that Marcy didn't know about it. They didn't recognize me, so that was good, but somehow… I was uneasy. I was anxious and angry, and I couldn't shake off. I wanted to calm down before joining you. I didn't think that those two men will come that way." 
"You were angry?" Damon imagined his adorable kitten with her claws out. The mental image was super cute. 
"There was no reason for my anger, but it was there. I felt the same with Cassie. She was talking and something came over me and the next thing I knew, I slapped her." Talia looked at Damon apprehensively. "That's not like me. I'm not a violent person." 
An invisible lightbulb lit up above Damon's head. 
Was that her wolf stirring? 
Or what if she was channeling his emotions? 
With Cassie, Damon controlled his urge to punch her into tomorrow, and while Talia was in the ladies' room with Kalina and Mindy, Damon was at the bar with Elder Parker. The timings match. When he was raging on the inside, Talia was feeling anger she couldn't describe. 
Doesn't that mean she can sense their bond? 
Of course, that could also be interpreted as Talia claiming Damon as hers. Whichever it is, Damon will take it. 
Talia saw Damon's lips stretching in a smile and she exhaled in relief. Her explanation pacified him. 
"You did good, kitten.", Damon murmured, and Talia smiled brightly. 
Her smile froze when he spoke again. 
"But that doesn't change the fact that you disobeyed me." 
Damon's hands that were resting on the door, on each side of Talia, moved in slow motion. 
Talia inhaled sharply when she felt his hot palms high on her back, at the edge of her golden sequined bodice. 
'RIIIIPPPPP!' 
The breeze caressed Talia's back and thighs and she couldn't believe that he tore the dress. Just like that. 
What was left of Talia's dress slid down her body and she gaped at the bunch of material around her ankles. It was the most beautiful dress Talia ever saw. 
Well, now it was certain that she was not going back to the party. 
She felt like crying. Didn't Lily and Ivy say how that's an expensive designer dress? 
Talia was not sure if she needed to return the dress after the party, but if she could keep it, she wanted to preserve and cherish it forever. It was a couple's outfit and he ruined it! 
Talia wanted to rip his shirt as payback, but somehow she knew that he would like it, and if she retaliates in the same way, he will only continue with his outrageous behavior until both of them end up completely naked. 
That reminded her… she was left only in her underwear. 
In her panic, Talia clumsily tried to cover up her breasts and crotch area with her hands. Those undergarments didn't provide much coverage. 
A slow chuckle escaped Damon's lips. It was a low sound, sexy, and full of danger, and Talia pressed her legs together in response. This was NOT a good time to get aroused! 
"Is this my punishment?", Talia asked dejectedly. 
"What do you think?", Damon asked teasingly. 
Damon touched Talia's chin, making her look up at him. 
"Why are you hiding? You are beautiful." 
He leaned closer and his breath caressed Talia's ear while he murmured, "The whole evening, I'm looking forward to this part… the two of us… alone… What about you, kitten? Don't you feel the same?" 
Talia held her breath. How does she feel? Does she want to be with Damon? 
Her arms fell slack next to her body, and her head moved a bit as she rubbed her cheek against his. 
Damon was overjoyed at this small intimacy. Her every gesture was formidable, capable of moving his heart, and making him crave for more. 
He inched away and observed her flushed face. She was shy and adorable, and he wanted to gobble her up. 
Damon took her hands into his and placed them on his chest. 
"Now it's time for your punishment, kitten… undress me." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 172 - Talia’s Punishment (cont.)
Talia stared at Damon. "What?" 
"You heard me.", Damon said. "Undress me." 
Talia's eyes moved from his shirt to his pants and then she met his gaze. He is not expecting that she will undress him fully. Right? RIGHT? 
But then… Damon made a point (more than once) that he was not wearing underwear, and that means other than his shirt and pants, there are not many things to remove, so she had to ask, "Just the shirt, right?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "Are you negotiating with me, Mrs. Blake?" 
Talia pressed her lips into a line and looked at the buttons of his shirt like they are her mortal enemies. 
Talia chanted internally that this is not a big deal. She saw him topless many times before and she even held onto him while sleeping. She can do this. 
After one deep breath, Talia's shaky fingers started moving to undo buttons of Damon's shirt, and he watched her in silence. 
She loved and hated the smirk of amusement on his handsome face. 
Each button undone revealed a bit more of Damon's glorious landscape and even though Damon being topless is not an unusual sight because the man would often walk around with his impeccable physique exposed, this had a different air about it. 
Talia's breathing picked up, following her raging heartbeat and she felt lightheaded. Is she going to faint? 
The last button came undone, and Talia met Damon's eyes apprehensively. 
"Remove it.", Damon ordered, and her hands traveled slowly up his pecks to push the shirt from his shoulders. 
Seeing that he didn't move even after the shirt was on the floor, Talia frowned at his crotch area. 
Does he want her to remove his pants also? 
"I can stand here all night, kitten.", Damon said, and Talia gulped softly. 
Yup. Pants also. 
She didn't want to think about what lays beneath that fine black fabric. 
Talia steeled her resolve and reached for the belt. 
Her hands were clumsy, and she struggled to unfasten the buckle. Eventually, she tugged on it. Once, twice… 
"Easy, kitten. Take your time", Damon chuckled. "Whatever is under it, won't go anywhere." 
Talia gritted her teeth and wondered, why the blasted buckle won't open? 
She got on her knees to observe what's going on there. 
Damon was staring at her without blinking, and he forgot how to breathe. 
The scene of Talia kneeling in front of him made him imagine all kinds of scenarios. Mostly scenes of Talia with his cock in her mouth. 
If there was a possibility of Damon losing his mind due to extreme arousal, this would be it. 
Talia was completely focused on the buckle of Damon's belt, and it took her a few exceedingly long seconds to notice that there is a latch on the side of the buckle. 
Talia cursed Damon silently. Why didn't he say there is a mechanism? Was he enjoying her struggle? Probably. 
Fueled by her indignation, Talia opened the belt and undid buttons of his pants and when the last button gave in and she got a peek of the dark blue fabric under the pants, Talia paused with a frown on her face. 
Underwear. 
Didn't Damon say he is not wearing underwear? It's not that Talia was hoping he will be naked under the pants, but… Was he teasing her about it so far? 
"Why did you stop?", Damon asked. 
"You are wearing underwear.", Talia blurted out. 
"Are you disappointed?" 
Excessive heat invaded Talia's face. Why did she point out his underwear? It sounded like she wanted him naked! 
Damon was thoroughly entertained by the variety of her expressions. 
The truth is that Damon rarely wears underwear, but now he put the briefs on because they were attending an event, and the dress pants were not firm enough to contain his erection that was inevitable with Talia around. 
"Don't worry, kitten.", Damon said. "We will get there. Take your time. I know you are enjoying revealing my body one part at a time." 
Talia exhaled a shaky breath, and her hands clutched the waistband of his pants. 
She didn't dare to look up while pulling his pants down because her face was on fire and Damon would definitely see through her that she noticed a massive bulge in his crotch area. It was impossible to miss. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Oh, yeah, kitten… circular movements are the best… press harder… mmm… yeah…", Damon moaned, and Talia wished for him to pipe it down. 
Where were they? 
In the bathroom. 
Damon was relaxing in the tub and Talia was squatting on the side and washing his back. 
How did she end up giving him a bath? 
After undressing him (down to his underwear), Damon gave her a choice. To remove his briefs or to prepare a bubble bath. 
Of course, Talia chose the latter. 
Damon didn't mind whichever she chooses because how he saw it, both choices will lead to the same outcome. But Talia didn't know that. 
The tab was nearly full when Damon strutted in the bathroom with, "I believe there is a sponge under the sink…" 
Talia peeled her eyes from his firm ass that was covered with dark blue briefs, and she ducked in the storage, under the sink. 
There was no sponge in there, and by the time she looked up, Damon was in the tub with a sponge in his hand, and his briefs were on the floor. 
"Wash me…", he commanded, and she did her best not to imagine what's hiding under that layer of bubbles. 
And here is Talia… wearing only tiny panties and a bra, rubbing Damon's back and if not for his ambiguous sounds, she would be able to fully enjoy the magnificent visual of his back. 
Eventually, Talia stood up. "Done." 
"Front also.", Damon said like it's a totally normal thing. 
She started with his shoulders and moved to his pecs. Everything was firm and perfect, and Talia fought against her urge to look into his eyes or down to his crotch area that was still covered in bubbles, but it seemed that the bubbles were thinning out. If she doesn't hurry, there will be no bubbles left. Then what? 
"You like this, don't you, kitten?", Damon asked her. 
"No.", she lied. "Why would I like serving you?" 
"Serving me?", Damon asked in a fake surprise, and his voice dipped dangerously low as he continued, "This is your punishment, not a job. If you see it as a job, I should increase the difficulty…" 
Damon grabbed her arm and before Talia could react, she found herself inside the tub. 
Talia feared that the moody Alpha will submerge her in the water completely and she fought mightily to hold onto the edge of the tub and not drown. 
How can her feeble strength compare to Damon's? 
She inhaled a few times, to confirm that her head was above water, and he had no intention of drowning her. 
Talia chided herself internally. Why did she think that he will drown her? Of course, he wouldn't hurt her, but what's with this ridiculous situation? 
Why did she end up sitting on Damon's thighs, facing him? 
She looked down on herself and felt like crying. "My bra…" 
Her panties were still on her and wet, but the bra was a problem. It was a pushup bra, and the paddings were soaked, heavy, and uncomfortable. 
"No, no! That's not… what I… meant", Talia stuttered, but by the time she finished speaking, her bra was on the floor, next to Damon's briefs. 
How can a man move so quickly? 
When a breeze hit her now exposed chest, Talia quickly covered her girls with her hands. 
"Will you wash me, or…?", Damon's voice trailed, and Talia immediately grabbed the sponge that was floating nearby and started scrubbing his pecs. 
Damon was reclined backward which was perfect for Talia to stretch toward him and dip herself until the bubbles provided coverage for her breasts. 
"How is it, kitten?", Damon asked. "Still a job, or does it feel like a punishment now?" 
"Punishment. Punishment.", Talia said with a pitiful expression. If she is not convincing enough, who knows what else he will come up with? 
If not for his super cheat of being able to sense Talia's emotions, Damon would believe her. Maybe. But now he was confident that the only things preventing her from jumping on him were her shyness and inexperience, and he loved both of those. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Talia and pushed himself to sit straight. 
Talia stiffened when she felt his palm at her lower back. The water was warm, but his palm was hot, and Talia was sure that it will leave a mark behind. 
"I think you are lying, kitten", Damon murmured, and Talia's heart thundered against her chest. "Look at me." 
They were close. Too close. And the sweet scent of roses from the bubbles was completely overpowered by the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate. 
Their position was scandalous, and Talia wanted to look away, but it was impossible to break that intense eye contact and her body refused to move away from Damon. 
"Tell me. How does this feel like?", Damon asked, and Talia shivered when his finger started moving along the groove of her spine. 
"Tingly…", Talia responded breathily. "It feels like I'm going to fall apart." 
Damon applied pressure on Talia's back, pulling her closer to him. 
"I will not allow you to fall apart, kitten.", his breath splashed against her lips. "Do you trust me?" 
"Ye…" 
Damon swallowed the last sound from her mouth with a fiery kiss that took her breath away. 
Talia's arms moved around him, and the sponge from her hand plopped into the water behind Damon a second before her fingers laced into his hair. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 173 - Becoming One [Bonus ]
'BAM!' 
A loud explosion shook windows violently and Talia jerked into reality, breaking out of her kissing daze. 
On a reflex, she stuck close to Damon and held onto him tightly while hiding her face in the crook of his neck. 
Damon was not happy that Talia broke the kiss, but his displeasure vanished at the moment he felt sparks of the bond prickling his skin wherever Talia's body touched his. To add to this marvelous sensation, Talia's lips were right at the spot where she should mark him, the moment her wolf awakens. Thrilling! 
After the second explosion, Talia realized that Damon was not moving, and she sheepishly looked through the window to see the night sky lit up with fireworks. 
A second later, another explosion was heard, and the next one, and another one, and Talia remembered that fireworks were included in Kalina's celebration as the next Luna of the Lightclaw pack. 
"During fireworks for Summer Solstice, I watched your face reflecting the colors from the sky, just like now, and I wanted to kiss you.", Damon spoke close to her ear and Talia smiled. 
She remembered those fireworks also. How could she forget? 
"I was hoping you will kiss me", she admitted shyly. 
Talia's eyes widened in shock when she realized their current situation. 
She was in the tub, wearing only panties, glued to Damon who was naked, she was sitting on his thighs, and the electrifying pressure at her core was definitely coming from him. 
Talia wanted to move away, but Damon held her in place. 
"This is me, kitten.", Damon spoke in a strained voice. Talia's wiggling only made his arousal worse. 
It took her a few seconds to calm down and stop moving. 
Damon let out a shaky breath before continuing, "I want you more than I wanted any woman in my life. I promised you that I won't do anything against your will, and I will stick to my word. I am yours. Do with me whatever you want but… don't push me away." 
Talia's heart swelled with an unknown mix of emotions. 
Yearning. Desire. Arousal. Restraint. Possession. Anticipation. Love. Belonging. And there was some curiosity as well. 
Can one feel all this at the same time? 
What surprised Talia was that there was no reluctance, no fear, there was nothing that would tell her how their current situation was wrong and that she should increase the distance between her and the moody Alpha who captured her heart. 
Their position was intimate and somehow… it felt right. 
Talia stared into Damon's icy-blue eyes that were deep and unfathomable, and she was not sure if she had enough love for herself to accept his words as the truth or maybe all this was a figment of her imagination… but she knew that unless this was a dream, she was in a tub with the handsome Devil, and he looked vulnerable while saying that he is hers and that she can do whatever she wants with him… and she wanted to kiss him. And she did. 
A low growl formed in the back of Damon's throat as he fisted Talia's hair and her flavors seeped inside his system, amplifying the delightful sparks of their bond that danced over his skin, urging him to get more, much more of Talia. 
Damon's hands landed on Talia's buttocks, and he stood up from the tub with her in his arms, without breaking the kiss. 
Talia's legs wrapped around Damon's waist as she gripped his shoulders to stabilize herself. 
The movement lodged his hard cock between her folds, and she let out a whimper but didn't try to avoid him. 
Damon smiled into the kiss while walking out of the bathroom, not caring about the trail of water they left behind. 
The moment Talia's back touched the mattress, Damon's hands started exploring her body that was slick from water and bubbles. The faint scent of roses mixed with Talia's citrusy sweet scent of freesia, and Damon kissed her greedily like there is no tomorrow. 
He loved how she responded to his every touch, and her hands held onto his back firmly, like they belong there. 
Damon moved to kiss Talia's jaw, neck, collarbones… his kisses became impatiently sloppy, and he was aware that no girl ever excited him to the point of trembling just because she was in his embrace. 
Talia. His Talia. His kitten. His mate. His everything. 
Talia was overwhelmed by Damon's emotions that mixed with hers, and she squirmed under his palms that left invisible scorching imprints on her skin. 
She felt Damon kissing her abdomen, his teeth grazing the skin just above her navel and his hands gripped edges of her panties when he stilled. 
"Kitten…", he breathed. "Can I?" 
Talia looked down at Damon and met his endlessly icy-blue eyes directed at her questionably. 
Did he ask her something? Whatever it was, the answer was… "Yes." 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon got on his knees, between Talia's legs and in slow motion pulled her panties down. 
Her legs came up together in front of Damon, connecting at the ankles as he drew the damp fabric off her legs and his eyes flashed with lust at the sight of her bare ass exposed for him to see, and a peek of her flower that was untouched by a man… not for long. 
Damon flicked the panties on the side haphazardly before grabbing Talia's ankles, spreading her legs in slow motion around him. He enjoyed profusely the visual treat of her sweet pussy opening up for him, inviting him silently to explore her depths. Soon. 
A fleeting thought hit Talia that she was naked on the bed for Damon to see, but he was looking at her with a fiery gaze that could swallow her whole and she felt how it wouldn't be so bad to disappear in that fire which called for her in silent whispers that were impossible to resist. 
Talia thought that Damon will keep her legs down, but he ended up holding her left foot in front of his face. 
Damon didn't break eye contact when he put her toe into his mouth and started sucking. 
A soft moan escaped Talia's lips at the electrifying sensation that traveled from the tip of her left leg to the rest of her body every time his coarse tongue moved over the pad of her toe. It was just a toe, yet his lustful expression was scandalous, and Talia was not sure where to look. 
Damon kissed Talia's ankle and arranged kisses and licks in an invisible pattern toward her knee, going up and grazing her skin with his teeth occasionally, spreading her legs further apart with every next kiss until he reached the cradle of her thighs. 
"I want to kiss and lick every inch of you", Damon spoke in a sexy low voice. "But I want to kiss you here the most…" 
And then his tongue moved over her clit in one mighty long stroke. 
"Ah!" Talia's body arched and Damon held her hips in place for him to feast upon her flesh. 
Talia was not sure if the fireworks outside were over, but the explosion of lights definitely happened in front of her closed eyes. 
Damon groaned as her wetness mixed with his saliva, and he buried his face deeper while greedily lapping at the juices her body released. 
"Mine… mine…", he mumbled, gripping Talia's hips and restricting her movements. 
Damon showed no mercy, and Talia fisted the bedsheets while struggling to breathe. 
Damon was lost in a daze of his own. Kissing, sucking, licking her love nectar, and his fangs came out, but he forced them back. 
Damon was fighting against his urge to devour her violently, but it was difficult because he could feel that she wanted him with equal fervor, and every time she moaned his name, he was thrown back into his own madness. 
Talia was dizzy. The whole world was reduced to two bodies and the sensation of Damon's tongue moving between her folds, his low hums and growls vibrated against her clit, and she could feel the pressure building dangerously high. And then it happened… Talia's body tensed for an endless second and then she trembled while screaming Damon's name for the Heavens to hear as she dissolved in pure ecstasy. 
Damon could feel the rush of Talia's orgasm washing over him, wrecking his system, and amplifying his arousal. 
Damon held Talia in place as he kept devouring her, knowing that his every move is prolonging her rapture and not allowing her to come down from her high. 
"Da… Damon… Oh, Damon…", she chanted wantonly. 
Her every moan and gasp was music to his ears, and he wanted to listen to those sounds forever. 
Many women called his name, but only Talia's voice touched his soul. 
Eventually, Damon unlatched himself from Talia and crawled on top of her. 
"Kitten…" 
She heard him call through her lustful haze as her pussy throbbed in numb aftershocks of Damon's ministrations. 
"You are fantastic." 
Damon kissed Talia's neck and her arms snapped to hold onto his back while he sucked her there harshly, right where his mark should come, making Talia's body hum in response. 
Talia gasped when she felt a flood of heat at the cradle of her thighs. Is it possible that she was still getting aroused? 
Until two weeks ago she was ignorant about pleasures of the flesh, but now she couldn't get enough of it. Even clinging onto Damon, completely naked, felt good. That was so out of her character! 
What did this irresistible Devil do to her? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 174 - Becoming One (cont.)
"You are mine…", Damon murmured. "Say it, kitten. Say that you are mine." 
Talia blinked herself into reality and she met his icy-blue eyes that were anything other than icy. 
"I am yours.", Talia breathed. 
"Do you mean it?" 
Talia didn't understand why he asked that, but she confirmed. "Yours to touch, yours to kiss, yours to hold." 
Damon smiled. Those were his words and she remembered them. 
Damon hummed in agreement and added, "Mine to love." 
Talia's heart skipped a beat. And she was not sure if it was because of his words, or because of his breathtaking smile that reached his eyes, or because he was grinding at the cradle of her thighs, spreading her juices over his hot and hard shaft. 
"Let me love you, kitten… I want to love you in every way possible…" 
How could she say no to that? 
Talia sucked in a breath when she felt his erection prodding at her entrance. 
"This might hurt at first. I will be gentle…", he said, and she bit her lower lip in anticipation of what's coming. 
There was pressure and a stretch, and she couldn't break eye contact. 
Damon stared into her honeyed eyes that were getting teary and a vein popped on his forehead how much he controlled himself not to give in to his urge to plunder her insides. 
Damon could feel the resistance as he reached the obstacle just behind her tight entrance and Talia closed her eyes. 
The sparks of the bond were driving him mad, and he exhaled sharply. 
"Look at me, kitten.", Damon demanded, and when she opened her eyes, he continued moving again. "Breathe… relax… look at me…" He really wanted her to keep staring at him with those honeyed eyes. He wanted her to know that he is the one entering her, merging with her, becoming one. It was important. 
Talia dug her fingers into Damon's back and hissed at the sharp pain that radiated through her body in a series of throbs, setting her insides on fire. 
Damon groaned as he made his way inside her slowly, and he thought that he might lose his mind from the ecstatic sensation of sinking into her tender flesh that gripped his shaft perfectly. 
He stopped only when he was sheathed fully, reaching deeply into the uncharted area of her body. 
Talia was hot and tight and wet and his, and he never knew that being inside a woman can be so engrossing... satisfying and maddening at the same time. 
Damon wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes with his palms. 
"You did good, kitten…", he murmured. "It will get better in no time. You feel wonderful." 
Talia was not sure what was more embarrassing. The fact that he was inside her, or that he was staring at her, or his words. She was relieved when he kissed her because it gave her an excuse to close her eyes. 
"I am sorry", he said, and her eyes snapped open to see him look at her with an expression full of emotions as he continued, "I'm sorry I didn't save myself for you, but I promise that you will be my last. No one will come after you." 
Talia's ears were buzzing, and she was not sure if she heard him right. 
Damon kissed her lips once, twice… and only after she responded to his kisses, Damon's hips moved a bit, making them both gasp at the otherworldly friction that tugged on their nerve endings fiercely. 
Talia couldn't believe that this was happening. She was with Damon in bed, he was inside her, they were one. He was intense, gentle, powerful, caring, and the visual of his lustful gaze directed at her made her breathless. 
She never thought that a man could look at her like that, yet here was Damon… a perfect male specimen, looking at her like she was the most alluring woman in the world, making her feel beautiful and desired. 
The painful sensation was morphing into pleasure with his every next thrust. 
He was big and hot and hard, and as the pain subsided, Talia realized that she craved for more of that otherworldly friction. 
Little by little, her hips moved to meet his, with less reservation as she got used to the addictive feeling of him filling her up. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Fuck! You are perfect!", Damon growled and picked up the pace. 
Damon pushed himself a bit higher on his arms and grinned at the sight of Talia bouncing under him. He imagined this moment many times, and this was so much better than anything his mind came up with. 
He glanced at the point where their bodies connected, to see his shaft disappearing into her flesh. 
The whole scene was erotic beyond belief. 
"Oh, Damon…", Talia moaned, and Damon's cock lurched in response. 
Damon couldn't believe this. He was already inside her, yet she still managed to arouse him further. Seductress. 
He held onto her waist and changed the angle of his thrusts slightly. 
Talia's eyes rolled at the back of her head as she gasped for air. 
Oh, yes. She was getting there. 
Another change in the angle made her moan loudly, and Damon continued thrusting into her with renewed vigor. 
His hand snaked between them, and his thumb stroked her clit for added stimulation. 
Talia was confident that the room was spinning, and she gripped his shoulders tightly. The pressure in her core was increasing exponentially, his every thrust was adding to it, making her feel like she was about to explode. 
Talia's mind was a mess. Her body was acting on its own. She was making some embarrassing noise that was mixing with the sound of Damon's flesh slapping against hers… it was outrageous, but she craved for more. 
"Harder…", she breathed, and Damon was delighted to respond to her demand. It was a sign that his kitten was coming out of her shell. 
"Ah… Oh… Mmm…", she mumbled unintelligibly, and then she held her breath for a moment before her body arched and she burst into a mind-shattering orgasm. 
The intensity of Talia's orgasm caught Damon off-guard and when her insides coiled around his shaft in rhythmical pulses, Damon's ass buckled and he groaned while releasing his hot load inside her. 
Damon continued thrusting in jerky movements and he couldn't believe the bliss caused by Talia's tight pussy milking his cock to the last drop he had to offer. 
One orgasm amplified another and both Talia and Damon moaned and gasped while clinging onto each other. 
Damon bedded numerous women, and he had even more orgasms, but none was able to shake his soul euphorically... until now. 
He knew that it was over, as both of them climaxed, but his cock was still hard and ready, and he couldn't stop those small movements of his hips. 
"Fuck!", Damon cursed under his breath. 
She-wolves don't get pregnant unless they are in heat, so the unexpected pregnancy was not a concern, however, he never came inside a woman before. 
He didn't mind, but he hoped that Talia was not upset about this. 
Seeing her unfocused gaze and goofy smile, Damon guessed that she was fine with what happened, and based on her emotions, she was definitely more than fine. 
Damon leaned over Talia, his chest pressed against hers lightly while he supported his weight on his elbows, and he kissed her on the lips. It was a long and slow kiss, and he swallowed every sigh that escaped her. 
"How are you feeling, kitten?", Damon murmured into her lips. 
"OK", she said in a small voice. Her crotch area was blissfully numb and her whole body was humming. 
She glanced down when she realized... "Uhm… you are still… inside…" 
Damon grinned. "If it's up to me. I will stay inside you forever. I like it there." 
Talia was speechless. He must be joking, right? 
Damon was wondering if he should pull out, but she said that she was OK, so maybe they could go for another round. Definitely. 
For two endless weeks, Damon waited to taste Talia. For an Alpha who gets whatever he wants immediately, those two weeks were two eternities! And now she was below him, gorgeous, wet, tight, his… and he couldn't wait to make her scream his name again. 
Damon kissed Talia's neck, sucking slightly. "You know, kitten, you are made for me." 
His lips latched on her neck again, and he jabbed himself inside her in one swift movement. 
Talia gasped when she felt the friction. Her insides were sensitive from what they did, and his every move was electrifying. 
She feared that any more of it and she will lose her mind. Literally. But it was addictive, and she couldn't stop the movements of her hips to meet Damon's. 
"Say you are mine…", Damon demanded with a growl. 
"I am yours.", she said. 
"Who are you?" 
"Talia…", she responded, and when she saw him narrowing his eyes at her, she added, "Talia Blake." 
Damon hummed in approval. "Good girl." 
For Talia, what happened after that, was a mix of blurry images. 
Damon's magnificent body arching above her… his muscles rippling as he thrusted inside her repeatedly… the friction… kisses… caresses… the intense orgasm as she clung to Damon for her dear life and all the sweet words he whispered into her ear. 
Her core throbbed with a hint of pain, and she hoped that it will never stop because it was proof that this night happened. 
Talia faintly remembered Damon wiping her limp body with a towel, and cradling her into his arms, small and gentle kisses all over her face, and then she allowed the darkness to consume her as she sunk into much-needed sleep that came with her favorite scent of the forest and the dark chocolate. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 175 - The Morning After
As dawn lit up the cloudless sky, orange hues spread from the East to swallow the stars and announce another bright summer day in Colorado, yet Damon couldn't care about anything beyond that bed and the girl who was sleeping soundly next to him. 
Other than a few short naps, Damon couldn't sleep due to the excitement of merging with Talia. His heart was fluttering more than after his first time. 
No other woman made him feel this way, and he knew that none ever will. It was only Talia. His mate. 
Damon marveled the newly found intimacy, the pleasure of Talia's bare body resting against his, and delightful sparks that danced over his skin wherever they touched. 
From the waist down, they were covered with a blanket that concealed their intertwined legs. Damon was on his back, cradling in his arms Talia who was facing him, her head was on his shoulder, and her palm rested on his chest. 
The scene was simple, innocent, yet it was complex and there was nothing innocent about it. It was absolutely contradictory, but it was real, just how thrusting inside Talia made him feel sated and craving for more at the same time. 
Everything about her was perfect, made for him. 
The only thing lacking was her wolf, but Damon had a feeling her wolf will show up soon and Talia will confirm without a doubt that they are mates, and Damon will mark her, and the two of them will face whatever is coming together. Until that happens, he will protect her from anything and anyone who dares to jeopardize this piece of Heaven they created for themselves. 
Damon tried to think about what makes Talia so different compared to other women who passed through his arms, yet he couldn't remember any of them. He knew that there were many, but they all faded into an indistinct blur, leaving only Talia to shine brightly in his mind and heart. 
Damon was completely and absolutely smitten with the girl who was snoring softly, her warm breath fanned his chest, arousing him beyond belief. Everything she did was arousing. 
He never released his load into a woman before, and he didn't really think of doing it with Talia either, but the orgasm blindsided him, and the second (and the third) time he was craving for that euphoric sensation of throbbing inside Talia and filling her up with his seed. 
Why he didn't do this before? Damon was aware that a she-wolf can't get pregnant unless she is in heat, but he feared that the women he bedded might scheme to trap him. Yes, there is a paternity test, but what if the woman in question somehow collects his sample and uses it later when the heat strikes? Anything is possible. That's why he would always either release outside and wipe it clean or come inside a condom that he discarded personally. 
However, with Talia, it was different. He wouldn't mind if she traps him. Actually, he was eagerly waiting for the moment when she will openly claim him as hers, forever. 
Damon told Talia that he is hers, but she didn't really acknowledge that. 
He thought how it's ironic, the only girl he belongs to, refuses to claim him, and any other woman would do that without missing a beat. Maybe that's what makes her stand out among all others. 
Talia doesn't have a background or power of her own, yet she doesn't want to use his no matter what hardships she is facing. Damon sees that as a true strength of character. He admires Talia's determination and the fact that the bad experiences she went through didn't diminish her brilliance. 
Damon glanced through the window, and he acknowledged that this was another first for him. Damon never waited for the morning with a woman he bedded, and he didn't want to wait for another morning without Talia in his arms. 
He kissed the top of her head while tightening his hold on her slightly, careful not to wake her up. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia stirred out of her sleep with a muffled groan. 
"Good morning, kitten", Damon greeted her with a smile. 
"Good morning", she responded lazily. 
Talia glanced around the room and frowned in confusion at the sight of wood-covered walls and ceiling. It took her a moment to remember that they are in Colorado, Lightclaw pack… ceremony to announce Kalina as the next Luna. 
Talia's cheeks heated at the mental images from the previous night. She was in the tub with Damon and then they moved to the bed and then… oh, my! Was she dreaming about it? 
She moved a little and hissed at the ache between her legs. Yup. It was real. It happened. And they were both completely naked! 
Damon examined Talia's face carefully when he saw her frowning in discomfort. 
"What's wrong?", he asked, and she exploded in a fierce blush. 
There was no way she will admit that she is sore from last night's lovemaking. 
It didn't take a rocket scientist to connect the clues, especially because Damon could feel her emotions. 
"I'm sorry kitten…", Damon said. "I got carried away. You were amazing and it felt so good inside you, and I had to get just a bit more of you. I promise to be more careful next time." 
Talia paused. Next time? She didn't want to talk about it. 
"I will be fine in a day or two.", she said shyly, desperate to change the topic. "Is it time for breakfast?" 
Damon ignored Talia's question as he was horrified by her first statement. 
Did she say, a day or two!? 
Does that mean he will need to wait a day or TWO until he gets to venture into Talia's treasure cove again!? 
"Does it hurt a lot?", he asked, and Talia had no idea how to answer that question. 
Damon pressed his lips into a line. Damn it! If her wolf is awake, she would heal in no time and… 
Damon got an idea. 
He gently pushed her to lay on her back. "Let me see." 
Talia's eyes opened wide to the point of hurting. If she was drowsy so far, it was all gone, and she was wide awake now. 
"No need." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "What do you mean, no need? I hurt you. I want to check the state and determine the best treatment. Or would you rather that someone else looks at my sweet pussy?" 
Talia stared at him in disbelief. He said so many things, but one stood out. "That's not yours." She couldn't say the word 'pussy', it was too scandalous. "It's mine." 
Damon nodded in agreement. "True. But you are mine, and that makes every part of you mine also. Pussy included." 
By the time he ended talking, Damon already pushed the blanket away, scooted down, and was spreading her legs. 
"Relax, kitten… let me see…" 
Talia wondered, what can he see? The throbbing is on the inside! 
But the stubborn Alpha was already there, and she knew that he won't give up just like that, so she let him have it. 
Damon hummed ambiguously and she twitched when he spread her folds with his fingers. Was there a need to blow? And he did it a few times! 
Talia gasped when he licked her down there and she jerked upward. "Hey! You said you will only look!" 
"I did", Damon agreed immediately, and his hands grabbed her hips, pulling her lower into her original position. "I looked, and I determined that I can make my pussy better." 
"How is that going to make anything better?", Talia asked breathily. And that was HER pussy, damn it! 
Talia cursed internally when she remembered some racy scenes from the previous night. And Damon was now between her legs, his hair was ruffled, and he looked very sexy. 
"Did you forget that my saliva has analeptic properties?" Damon asked and his nostrils flared when he inhaled the scent of her arousal. His lips lifted into a devious smirk. "You will love this medical treatment." 
"I'm not sure that classifies as medical treatment. And I didn't shower! Ahhh!" She ended with a lustful shriek because he licked her again. 
Damon was amused by her resistance that was contradicting her emotions which he could clearly feel. The fierce blush on her adorable cheeks only made her more alluring. 
Yes, she was shy and unspoiled, and he was eager to corrupt her in every way possible. 
"Let Dr. Blake tend to your injuries, Mrs. Blake. I'm the only one who can do this. This is mine. All mine…", Damon murmured before burying his face into her, and Talia's head plopped back in the pillow. 
She was absolutely defenseless against his attack on her pleasure centers. 
Damon started slowly and then he increased the pressure and pace expertly, and within minutes, Talia cried his name while shivering in ecstasy. 
Satisfied with the outcome, Damon gave one last quick kiss at the center of Talia's flower, giving her one last shudder before moving up to rest his head on the pillow. 
He pulled Talia into his embrace and rubbed her back gently. 
Damon was aroused to the point of madness, but he reminded himself that Talia was achy from the previous night and that he should give her time to recuperate. He can hold it in until tonight. Tomorrow morning, at most. 
Talia was not sure if it was due to his saliva or her orgasm, but her insides now throbbed in a different rhythm, one that reminded her that there is a void at her core. 
Talia remembered the sensation of Damon inside her and a rush of heat washed over her, converging at the cradle of her thighs. 
Damon inhaled sharply and cocked an eyebrow at her. 
He could smell her and feel her emotions and he was not sure if that was her need or his. 
"Kitten…", Damon called while touching her chin and making her look at him with her unfocused honeyed eyes. "Does this mean that the treatment was effective, and you want to feel me again?" 
Talia nodded faintly and he wondered if he imagined it. 
"Say it.", Damon demanded. "I need to hear you say it." 
"I want… you…" 
Her voice was just a whisper, but he heard her clearly. 
Damon's lips landed on Talia's with urgency, letting her taste herself on him and he couldn't believe how those few words pushed him into overdrive. 
She said that she wants him. 
That's all he needed to let go of the brakes and enjoy the morning fully, with his mate. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 176 - Aftercare
Talia sat on the chair with a mirror in front of her and she closed her eyes while enjoying the hair-combing service Damon provided. The light tugging on her scalp as the comb made its way through her hair, made her all tingly. 
She blushed at the memory of their steamy morning. 
The daylight was illuminating them completely, allowing her to see every drop of sweat forming on his outrageously attractive body as he focused intensely on pleasuring her. 
Talia was confident that she will never forget the way Damon caressed her body and kissed her everywhere, gently and lustfully… how every cell in her body sang in the rhythm of the friction his thrusts provided until she fell apart in a mess of cries and gasps… Damon's deep growl and the grimace veiled with bliss when she felt him throb while shooting his hot load deep inside her… and when everything calmed down into her new normal, there were bits of Damon embedded into her soul. 
It was a life-altering experience that was further enhanced by Damon's aftercare when he carried her into a tub full of warm water they shared. Damon washed her in slow, deliberate movements like she was the most delicate flower, and he was caressing her petals. 
Damon helped her dress up, and he dried the edges of her hair that got wet in the tub, and then he took the comb and told her to relax, and… here she is. Relaxing. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"If you sleep now, we will miss breakfast, kitten…", Damon's husky voice sounded close to her ear, pulling her into reality, and Talia smiled at her perfectly combed hair. 
"You are good at this.", she complimented. 
Damon cockily flipped the comb in the air and caught the handle with a flick of his wrist. "I am natural." 
Talia enjoyed his cheeky response. This was playful Damon, and she liked his company. 
"For the first time handling woman's hair, not bad.", she teased. 
"This is not my first time.", he responded right away. 
"Oh…", a sound escaped Talia's lips and she lowered her gaze quickly. 
She chided herself for rashly assuming that this was his first time to comb someone else's hair. 
Was she his first in anything? Probably not. 
Talia wanted to ask how many girls got this treatment from him, but she swallowed those words back. She didn't want to know. Just the thought of some other woman being cared for by Damon made Talia feel knots in her stomach. 
Since they came to the Lightclaw pack, Damon was totally focused on her, and she basked in his attention that made her feel special. 
Talia reminded herself not to be greedy. This outing will be preserved as a loving one in a corner of her memory, and she will revisit it whenever she feels down. There was no more to it. 
Yes, they entangled their bodies more than once, and Damon said many sweet things, but that was probably in the heat of the moment, to make her let go of inhibitions, and… it worked. Under his guidance, Talia was able to forget who she is and to enjoy it fully. 
However, everything comes to an end, eventually. 
Talia was painfully aware of Damon's identity. He definitely attended numerous parties, and this wasn't a big deal for him, but for her, every moment with Damon was extraordinary, and she wanted to believe that she was important to him, even if it's just a lie that will evaporate the moment they go back home. 
"I used to comb my mother's hair." 
Talia's eyes snapped up and she met his gaze in the mirror as he continued. 
"On weekdays I had school and training from early morning, but on weekends when my father went to attend his rounds, my mother would demand that I come to her room and comb her hair." Damon paused before adding, "You are the second woman whose hair I combed." 
Talia stared at his amused expression, and she realized that he saw through her. She was jealous and he noticed. Talia didn't know where to look. 
But it was not just jealousy, it was the feeling of not being worthy, and that was something she couldn't shake off. 
Damon's presence had the power to make Talia believe that anything is possible, but there were times when the magic would stop, and she saw herself for who she really is. A nobody. 
The more brilliant he was, the more her heart would tighten because she really wished that he is less outstanding. If he was not a mighty Alpha, maybe she would dare to dream about the future with him, but no matter how much her heart ached for Damon's affection, and no matter how much her body craved for his touch, Talia's mind was reminding her of reality. 
Damon squatted next to Talia and rotated the chair so that she was facing him. 
"Talk to me, kitten. Tell me what's on your mind." 
Talia's smile didn't reach her eyes. "I was just thinking how all this is wonderful. Thank you for combing my hair. Can we go for breakfast now?" 
There was no way she would tell him and spoil the moment that was already spoiled by her overthinking it. Didn't she tell herself to enjoy while they were here? Why did she allow her mind to stray toward unnecessary things? 
Damon didn't know what was on Talia's mind, but he could feel that her mood dropped significantly. There was sadness and dejection, and he had an urge to fix it. 
Damon lifted Talia off the chair and sat on it with her on his lap. 
"Do you like it here?", he asked, and she nodded in response while sinking into him. 
Damon assumed that she was sad because they are set to leave shortly after breakfast. "Do you want us to stay here longer?" 
Yes. "No. Let's stick to the plan." She couldn't be selfish. As his assistant, Talia knew very well how much work he left behind. Instead of asking to stay longer, he should be urging her to leave as soon as possible. 
Damon thought for a moment. "How about, when we get back home, we plan for a vacation?" 
"A vacation?", Talia repeated robotically. 
"A vacation.", Damon confirmed. "Just the two of us. Pick wherever you want to go. It can be anywhere." 
Talia thought how that sounded wonderful, but… "I can't do that. I wouldn't even know what place to pick." 
Damon exhaled helplessly. "We will talk about this again after we return home. In the meantime, I want you to think about our first vacation together. Mountain? Sea? I know you love the forest. We can rent a cabin in the forest. Or do you want us to go to a city? We can stay in a five-star hotel in a penthouse suite... Or we can rent a yacht…" 
Talia listened to his blabber and smiled. He remembered that she loves the forest. The truth was that she would go anywhere, as long as it's with Damon. 
"Instead of a flashy vacation, how about we go for breakfast?", Talia asked. "I am hungry." 
"Yes, yes.", he agreed immediately. "We will go in a minute, but first… How are you feeling?" 
Talia didn't understand his question until she saw him glancing down at her crotch area. 
She pressed her legs together. "I'm fine." 
Damon cocked his eyebrow suspiciously. "If you say so. Let me know if it gets worse and I will give you another…" He licked his lips. "…treatment." 
Damon saw Talia's face exploding in a fierce blush and he chuckled. 
Talia couldn't believe how outrageous he was, and he was still not done talking! 
"My services are available anytime, kitten. Only for you." 
This time, Talia's smile reached her eyes. 
His words managed to dispel the dark clouds that were gathering in her mind, and she was back to wishing to stick to him forever. 
Talia's happiness washed over Damon, and he gleefully cradled her in his arms. 
Damon knew that Talia gets consumed by insecurities sometimes. A girl like Talia tends to overthink things. Damon didn't understand that, but he read how that's normal for girls who are smart. He wished that Talia was simpler and that she can just relax and enjoy the flow, but he also knew that she was perfect, his other half, and he wouldn't want her any other way. 
Damon was known for not bothering with things he deemed not important, he would push those issues on the side and forget about them. Maybe that's why Talia thinks about every little thing, to compensate where he is lacking. 
Damon was carried away with the sensation of Talia relaxing on him and he didn't notice his wolf scratching to come out until he was almost at the surface. 
The old beast was getting crafty in sneaking up on Damon, eager to spend some time with Talia and claim her as his. 
Damon didn't want to allow his wolf to act on an instinct. If Talia had her wolf, she would understand what's going on, and she would feel that primal pull as well, but like this, it would be the same as Damon forcing the bond on her, and he didn't want to risk Talia hating him for that. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 177 - Talk About Talking Wolves
Damon groaned softly while pushing his wolf at the back of his mind and when he opened his eyes, he met Talia's concerned gaze directed his way. 
"Is something wrong?", she asked. 
He didn't want to lie to her. "My wolf wants to meet you." 
Talia's heart fluttered. She saw werewolves in their wolf form from the distance and she really wanted to see Damon's wolf. "I would like to meet him also. Can I?" 
Damon took a moment to organize his thoughts before responding. "He is very eager to spend time with you, but I am afraid that he might do something… unexpected." Like jumping on you and marking you. 
"Do you think he will harm me?", Talia guessed. 
"Not on purpose.", Damon said right away. "Wolves follow their instincts and give in to their urges even when they know that what they are about to do is wrong. When I confirm that he is calm, I will let you meet him. I don't want to take any risks with you, kitten." 
Talia didn't understand but she knew that Damon must have his reasons for giving her such a vague response. She decided to shift the topic a bit. 
"It must be nice to have someone in your head to talk to." 
Damon assumed that she was talking about the mind-link. "Yeah. The whole pack. It can be noisy at times." 
"No, I meant, your wolf." 
Damon paused. How does she know that he can talk to his wolf? But she spoke about it like it's common. "Do you think it's normal for wolves to talk?" 
"Isn't it?", Talia asked innocently. When she saw Damon's confused expression, she explained, "I remember that before my wolf left me, she told me that I am too weak to shift and…" 
"She told you?", Damon interrupted Talia impatiently. 
"Yes.", Talia confirmed earnestly. 
Damon was staring at her, and Talia got uncomfortable. 
"Is that wrong?" 
It took Damon a few endless seconds to respond. "No, kitten. That's not wrong. However, not every wolf can talk." 
"What kind of wolves can talk?" 
"I know of only one. Mine.", Damon responded. His brows came together to form a serious expression. "Who all knows that your wolf can talk?" 
Talia shook her head. "I didn't tell anyone. Only you." 
It's not like she had a bunch of people to talk to, and even if she had company, she wouldn't talk about her wolf because it reminded her that was a wolf-less she-wolf. 
"Good.", Damon said firmly. "Let's keep it at that." 
Talia nodded in agreement, and then she asked apprehensively, "How many people know that your wolf can talk to you?" 
Damon smiled. "Now, it's two." 
Talia's eyes widened. "I won't tell anyone." 
"I know you won't. I trust you." 
A wave of heat invaded her cheeks. Damon told her a secret, and it seems it's a big one. 
"Do you think that if my wolf is here, she would be able to talk to your wolf?", Talia asked. 
Damon shrugged. "We will find out soon." 
Talia paused. "How?" 
Damon looked into her eyes deeply. "I believe that your wolf is not gone, but only weakened. There is a chance that by taking care of your body, she will find the strength to come back." 
Talia blinked once, twice, and then things fell into place. "Is that why you want me to eat well, exercise, and see Doctor Travis regularly?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "I want you to do those things because it's good for you. If your wolf awakens, that will be a bonus." 
Talia's heart swelled. No one ever cared about her so much. And now it seemed that she and Damon had something in common. 
"Both of our wolves can talk", she voiced her thoughts. "Do you think that means something?" 
Damon smiled. "It means that your wolf is special. It means that us meeting each other wasn't an accident." The Moon Goddess arranged for us to meet. 
Damon tightened his hold on Talia and murmured against her ear, "It means we are meant to be together…" 
Talia's breath hitched. Are they really meant to be together? 
Regardless if that was true or not, Talia chose to believe in it, at least until they go back home. 
She wrapped her arms around Damon's neck and kissed him while her soul hummed in pleasure, in harmony with Damon's. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The event hall was cleaned up overnight and tables were arranged for breakfast. 
The dining room could easily accommodate thirty people, but with guests present, that wasn't enough. 
Not everyone stayed overnight, but there was still a significant number of mouths to feed for breakfast. 
Several long tables stood next to the wall with their offerings of fresh buns, sweet and savory pastries, fruits, scrambled eggs, sausages, ham, and hot and cold beverages. It was a buffet-style breakfast. 
Omegas were moving swiftly, ensuring that there are enough clean plates and utensils for everyone and that no food is lacking. 
The breakfast itself didn't last long. However, the majority of guests had plans to leave before lunchtime, so they were not in a hurry. They lingered at the tables with beverages of their choice, snacking something slowly and chatting leisurely. The atmosphere was cheerful with chatter and an occasional burst of laughter. 
Some people took a stroll in the garden, taking advantage of the pleasant morning before the rising sun heated the air to unpleasant levels. 
Marcy was in the event hall, at one of the tables with her mother, Luna Layla, with a mission to approach Kalina and befriend her. 
Marcy was not in a good mood. 
Last night, other than a disastrous encounter with Kalina in front of the ladies' room, several misses actually approached her and asked if she is really Alpha Damon's future Luna with mocking smirks, obviously insinuating that Alpha Damon was busy with another woman right under Marcy's nose. 
Marcy was never so embarrassed in her life. 
Then, Alpha Edward scolded her for failing to talk to Kalina, so Marcy spilled the beans about how she and Nora met Kalina in front of the restroom and how it didn't go well. 
Of course, Marcy had no intention to take the burn of her father's rage, so she ratted on Nora, revealing that the latter went to Alpha Damon's room on her own, disturbed Damon's date (aka Lia), and that was the reason for Kalina dismissing them like nobodies. 
Alpha Edward was furious, and he was shouting how all of them are incompetent. 
When he said that they are leaving right away, Marcy assumed how that included her as well. She didn't want to spend more time at the Lightclaw pack, surrounded by gut-wrenching whispers about Alpha Damon and his date. 
Everyone was discussing the incident of Alpha Damon sending Cassie to the dungeon, and how he was uncharacteristically lovey-dovey, and that he left the party early with his date in his arms. Marcy saw that those gossipers were eyeing her while talking about how lucky Alpha Damon's date is. 
Marcy didn't want to stay at the Lightclaw pack a minute longer than necessary. She wanted to lock herself into her room and to stay there forever, or at least until everyone forgets who she is. 
The shame was unbearable, and Marcy would probably blow up in a fit of rage, but her wolf was not there; she was still sulking because Marcy rejected George and since then, Marcy was unable to shift into her wolf form, and she was feeling weak and tired most of the time. 
To Marcy's surprise, Alpha Edward told Nora to pack her things, leaving Marcy and Luna Layla behind with instructions to approach Kalina and make use of this opportunity. 
Marcy had no idea how her father would punish Nora, and she didn't care. 
Marcy was dejected that she was still stuck in the same unfavorable position where she needed to befriend Kalina. Unless Kalina had memory problems, she would definitely remember the incident from the previous day. How can Marcy approach her like everything is fine? 
Marcy was hoping that her mother will talk some sense into her father. Unfortunately, Alpha Edward was specific about Marcy's task and Luna Layla was always submissive in front of Alpha Edward. 
Marcy spent a decade away from home, but the last few weeks were enough for her to confirm how Luna Layla would never to whatever Alpha Edward would say. 
Back to the present... 
Marcy was pushing a few grapes on her plate while her eyes rested at the table where Kalina and Tony were sitting for more than an hour. 
People would come to the table where Kalina and Tony were, stay for some time before moving on, and then the next group would approach them, and Marcy knew that her time was running out. If she delays this further, she was risking that Kalina will leave, and she will totally blow her chance. 
Marcy knew that she needed to move, but she was not willing. 
First, her yesterday's meeting with Kalina was a total flop, and second, she was dejected to see how everyone was sucking up to Kalina as the future Luna, while Marcy was being ridiculed. 
Isn't she the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack? Even without that, she was the princess of the Red Moon pack, the second largest pack in North America, and everyone should come to befriend her yet... it didn't happen. Instead of that, Marcy was the one who needed to approach some nobody who was just lucky to be the mate of the future Alpha. 
To add salt to the wound, Tony was hovering around Kalina like she is the center of everything, yet Alpha Damon didn't even check on Marcy and she was confident that he knew she was in attendance. 
How can Marcy not have grievances? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 178 - Breakfast At The Lightclaw Pack [Bonus ]
Marcy observed three women at the table with Kalina, and she guessed based on their body language that they were about to leave. 
She took that as her cue to act. 
"I'm going to greet the future Luna of this pack.", Marcy told her mother in a low voice and started moving toward her destination. 
Just as Marcy guessed, the three women stood up in slow motion and they were smiling and bobbing their heads and Marcy extended her steps so that someone else doesn't snatch her opening. 
Marcy knew that her first impression was not positive, but Kalina was the new face in the Lightclaw pack and she definitely needs to create good connections as the future Luna, so Marcy was confident that Kalina won't do anything drastic and embarrass her. 
Besides, Marcy didn't see Kalina as a best friend material. As two future Lunas, Kalina and Marcy will need to interact, but that will be politics and not friendship. 
Right now, Marcy is the princess of the Red Moon pack, while Kalina is just Tony's mate, and considering the power of the Red Moon pack, Kalina will need to show respect. It's that simple. 
With those thoughts, Marcy lifted her chin and strode confidently toward the table where Kalina was sitting with Tony. 
Kalina was tired from fake pleasantries and her facial muscles were cramped in a smiling grimace. 
If not for Tony sitting next to her through this socializing hell, Kalina would scream in mental agony half an hour ago. 
'How much more of this torture?', Kalina wondered, and her eyes moved randomly to see Marcy walking that way. 
It took Kalina a moment to connect from where Marcy looked familiar, as Talia's bully from the previous day. OK. Nora was doing most of the talking, but it was obvious that Nora and Marcy were together. Kalina wondered, where did the other one (aka Nora) go? 
Kalina's insides tightened when she realized that Marcy was approaching her. Will she need to be polite to this woman also? 
"Lia!", an excited shout came from the other side of the hall and Kalina spotted Mindy waving enthusiastically toward the main entrance. 
Kalina's smile became genuine when she saw Talia and Damon entering the hall with Damon's arm around Talia's waist, holding her close to him possessively. 
Talia's face lit up when she spotted Mindy and she glanced at Damon questionably to what Damon responded with a nod immediately and the duo moved toward the table where Mindy was sitting with Alpha Maddox. 
Of course, Marcy also noticed this not-so-discreet appearance of Damon and Talia, and Marcy groaned internally at the thought that there will be another wave of talks about Alpha Damon and his date, and how Marcy's virtual hat was getting greener (if that's possible). 
Marcy's neatly trimmed eyebrows came together in a frown when she realized that Kalina and Tony were on their feet, walking in the same direction as Talia and Damon. 
"Excuse me!", Marcy called after Kalina. "I was hoping to get a chance to talk to you." 
Kalina had difficulty peeling her eyes from the table where Mindy was sitting. Talia and Damon approached the table, and they were exchanging greetings with Mindy and Maddox, and then Damon pulled a chair for Talia to sit. 
Kalina really wanted to go there, and she knew that Tony wanted that also. 
Kalina took a moment to come up with a response for Mindy. "I apologize, but we need to take care of something important now. In one hour, I will be in the garden, available for anyone who wants to approach me. We can talk then…" 
And with that, Kalina and Tony left without waiting for Marcy to respond. 
Marcy's mood turned completely sour when she saw that Mindy, Talia, and Kalina hugged each other in greeting before they sat at the table, occupying all six available spots, and starting a lively chatter. 
Damon, Maddox, and Tony went to get food, leaving three young women at the table. 
It was obvious that Kalina, Talia, and Mindy were close as their interaction went beyond just exchanging pleasantries. Also, for the last hour, Kalina was sitting at the table, yet now she actually moved to another table in order to socialize. 
Marcy gritted her teeth. How was that 'something important'! 
Kalina just ditched her, in front of everyone! 
Marcy spent a decade away from the Red Moon pack, so she didn't get a lot of princess treatment like some other Alpha daughters, but she still had her pride, and she was never this humiliated! 
To add salt to an open wound, Marcy was left standing like an idiot only a few steps from what used to be Kalina's table. 
Now what? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Mindy glanced at Marcy and spoke to Kalina, "Are you sure your greeting session is over for the morning?" 
Kalina let out a low groan, "If you ask me, it was over a long time ago, but others didn't get the memo." She narrowed her eyes at Mindy. "Lia has an excuse for not coming to our table because they just arrived, but I saw you coming here half an hour ago and ignoring me." 
"You were obviously busy. If I went there to join you, I would be forced to listen to all those people sucking up to you. I chose to enjoy my breakfast. I like you, Lina, but not that much to spoil my meal." 
Kalina was shocked by Mindy's response, but she didn't dislike it. "Brutally honest." 
Mindy smirked. "If honesty is not to your liking, you are welcome to return to your previous table. I have no need to lie to you or anyone else." 
"And that's why I came here.", Kalina said right away. She really didn't want to go back to that table. 
Talia enjoyed this exchange between Mindy and Kalina. Both of them have spunk and some wild energy around them, and Talia found them refreshing. 
"I am sorry you are leaving so soon." Kalina said to Mindy and glanced at Talia. "Both of you. Can you stay longer?" 
They met only yesterday, but Kalina preferred chatting with Mindy and Talia over anyone else. Sure, there was Tony, but he had his things to take care of, leaving Kalina on her own with some random people. 
Mindy rejected Kalina. "I have my schedule." 
Kalina looked expectantly at Talia who shook her head with, "Sorry, Damon has a lot of work." 
Kalina pursed her lips. "But you can stay, right? You can be my exclusive guest. Please?" 
"No.", Damon grumbled from the side while approaching the table with two plates full of food. One for him and the other one for Talia. 
An Omega was right behind Damon, carrying one orange juice for Talia and a coffee for Damon. Tony and Maddox were behind them with plates full of food in their hands. 
Damon took a seat on his chair and scooted closer to Talia until their chairs touched. 
He put his arm on the backrest of Talia's chair so that his hand rests on Talia's shoulder. 
Damon didn't care a diddly-squat about hurting Kalina's feelings, but he could sense that Talia was not pleased with his response, so he spoke to Kalina. 
"Don't try to separate me from Talia. Check with Tony when he will come to our pack for training. You are welcome to accompany him and then you can spend time with Talia." Damon noticed Talia's surprised expression, so he added. "Talia will be a wonderful host." 
Talia liked this. A host. Kalina will come for a visit and Talia will be the host. 
"Depending on when you visit Lia, maybe I make some space in my schedule, and the three of us can meet.", Mindy chimed in and continued with sparkles in her eyes, "Darkbourne has quite a number of places where we can hang out and there is a big human city nearby…" 
Talia smiled brightly and said softly to Damon, "Thank you." 
Damon could feel Talia's emotions and he was elated that Talia can be happy with so little. He knew that she didn't have friends so far and seeing her with Mindy and Kalina was much better than Talia mingling with a bunch of guys. 
"So, when are we going to the Dark Howlers pack?", Kalina asked Tony excitedly. 
Tony shrugged. "This will settle in a day or two and then we can see when Alpha Damon is available." 
"Give me a call and we can come up with something.", Damon responded. "If you have someone close who is also interested, feel free to bring them along. Just tell us the numbers in advance so that Talia makes sure everyone is taken care of." 
Tony nodded gratefully. He knew that Damon was talking about potential Beta and Gamma of the Lightclaw pack. Damon advised Tony to pick his helpers early and to establish good relationships before he becomes an Alpha at the head of the pack. 
It took a moment for Talia to absorb Damon's words. 
Damon wanted her to take care of the guests? That's a big deal! 
Isn't that Stephanie's department? Will Stephanie be upset that she lost this important function? 
But Damon said it in front of everyone, so it must be true. 
Talia's heart fluttered from excitement. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 179 - Breakfast At The Lightclaw Pack (cont.)
Talia had a hundred butterflies rampaging in her stomach, making her elated and anxious, and a bit nauseous. 
Damon said that she will have responsibilities in the packhouse, and that means he won't send her away. Not soon, at least. 
Sure, Damon insinuated (more than once) how Talia should stay in the packhouse long term, but this time he said in front of people that Talia will take care of guests, making it kind of official that she has legitimate duties in the packhouse. 
Ah, she will take care of the guests!? What if she messes up? 
Amused by the variety of Talia's emotions, Damon gave her shoulder a light squeeze. He knew that she will be amazing. 
Talia will be the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, and the comfort of their guests will be Talia's responsibility, so having a group of friends visit them will be an excellent practice for Talia. 
"Everyone is invited except for me", Maddox grumbled. 
Talia was surprised that Maddox was looking at her. She glanced nervously at Damon who was busy cutting a sausage, pretending that he didn't hear Maddox, but Talia couldn't ignore him. Maddox was big and scary and staring at her, and based on Damon's lack of interest, Talia assumed that her role as a host started already. 
"You are welcome to come, Alpha Maddox.", Talia said. "Would you like me to tell you when Lina and Tony will visit so that you can coordinate?" 
Maddox's eyebrows came together into a frown. "Why are you addressing everyone casually and using a title for me? My friends call me Max. I want to hear you say it." 
Talia felt a rush of heat invading her cheeks and she inhaled forcibly. Maddox is a big scary Alpha, and he said they are friends. 
This was a different level of familiarity compared to last night when he said that she can call him by his name. This was a nickname. It was a big deal. Refusing would be rude. 
"OK. Ma…" The last sound was muffled because Damon stuffed a piece of sausage into her mouth. 
"Let Lia say my name!", Maddox protested. 
"Who allowed you to be so friendly with my woman?", Damon said condescendingly and turned to Talia to put another piece of sausage in her mouth. 
Talia looked like a chipmunk with both of her cheeks full. 
Maddox was surprised by Damon calling Talia 'my woman' openly. It only reinforced Maddox's hunch that Talia is Damon's mate. 
But if they are mates, why didn't Damon announce it? 
Maddox remembered his visit at the Dark Howlers pack and how Damon spent most of the day during the festival away from Talia. Mates stick close to each other, especially Alphas. 
On the other hand, Maddox never saw Damon being this possessive. He didn't even allow Talia to call him by a nickname! 
Maddox decided to push Damon's buttons. "Why can't we be friendly to each other? Lia and I exchanged phone numbers, Lia is calling me by my nickname, and she saw me naked. It doesn't get friendlier than that." 
The temperature at the table fell noticeably and Talia panicked. It's not that Maddox lied, but why did he remind Damon of that butt-naked incident? 
"I didn't see anything!", Talia mumbled with haste, her mouth still full of sausage, and she snuggled closer to Damon in an attempt to pacify her Devil. 
Mindy stifled a laugh at Talia who was chewing so quickly that it looked like a video on fast forward. 
"Of course, you didn't see much, Lia. There was nothing to see." 
"Hey!", Maddox exclaimed in outrage. 
"How can you say that this is nothing?" Maddox gestured toward himself, and Mindy waved at him dismissively. 
Maybe Maddox is tall and muscular now, but for Mindy, he will always be her short and skinny ten-years old brother. Maddox had several growth spurts during his teens, and after that, he bulked up. Maddox is only three years older than Mindy, and Mindy got to watch him grow up. 
Talia swallowed food from her mouth before cautiously glancing at Damon to see if he forgot about her seeing Maddox naked, and she met his intense stare directed at her face. 
Sausage juice was dripping from her lips how she spoke with her full mouth, and Damon's hand landed at the back of Talia's head a second before Damon leaned toward her and licked her clean. 
Damon's movements were slow as he meticulously licked every spot, and Talia released a shaky breath as the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate invaded her system and she remembered the magic that tongue can do all over her body, especially between her legs. 
Talia couldn't believe this! She was getting aroused right there in front of everyone! 
"Damon! People are watching!", Talia whispered with urgency. 
Damon smacked his lips like he tasted the best delicacy ever. 
"You had something there.", Damon said coolly. 
He knew very well that Talia struggled to suppress the desire for her tongue to meet his. And she wanted more than just the tongue. She wanted him. All of him. 
Damon was counting minutes until they head home. He will clear his calendar for the afternoon and take his time sampling Talia. He shifted a bit to adjust his hard-on. 
Talia's stomach sunk when she realized that the banter between Mindy and Maddox subsided and even though no one was looking their way, she could guess that everyone saw Damon licking her. 
And it was not just four people at their table, many others saw that, Marcy included. After all, their table hosted prominent figures and the main person of the event (aka Kalina), and it was expected that most of the people would keep their eyes on them. 
Talia glanced at Damon, and she couldn't believe that he continued eating like nothing happened. Shameless. 
Damon put his hand over Talia's and gave her a squeeze, and then he offered a forkful of scrambled eggs which she readily accepted. 
Under Damon's cool fa?ade, Talia could see a glint of mischief in his eyes, and she didn't dislike it. She was happy. Just how he was. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon fed Talia and himself, emptying his plate first, and then Talia's. 
There were only a few bites left when someone cleared his throat from the side to get their attention. 
"Alpha Damon…", Alpha Richard called. "I was wondering if you can spare some time." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "For?" He was obviously not willing. 
"Cassie. You said that you will talk with Alpha Magnus about the duration of her stay here." 
Damon paused. Does Alpha Richard want to talk about Cassie? Why should Damon discuss the duration of her stay at the Lightclaw pack? 
It took Damon a few exceedingly long seconds to remember that he slapped Cassie before sending her to the dungeon. 
He forgot about her. 
"Is this about Cassie attacking you last night?", Mindy asked to Alpha Richard's obvious displeasure. 
Even if people knew about the incident, Alpha Richard was hoping that they won't talk about it. At least not in front of him. 
Damon frowned while wondering why was Mindy so nosy, but he still answered. "Yes." 
"How are you going to punish her?" 
"Punish her?", Damon repeated questionably. Cassie was in the dungeon, everyone knew that, but it was obvious that Mindy had something else on her mind. 
Mindy glanced at Talia and then returned her gaze to Damon. "Don't tell me that you will just let her go after one night in the dungeon. You know Cassie's temper. What would happen to Lia if you didn't intervene?" 
Damon didn't want to deal with Cassie now, or ever. But Mindy had a point. 
He turned to Talia. "You were the target of Cassie's attack. You decide on her punishment." 
Talia was not sure how this ended up with everyone looking at her, but here she was… with all eyes on her and she needed to make an important decision. 
How should Cassie be punished? 
For Talia, this was not just a small incident in the hallway from last night. 
Cassie was the person who immediately assumed that a girl in the kitchen was stealing food, and that a girl with a cell phone stole it, and that a girl deserves slapping if she didn't admit a crime she never committed. Cassie was bossy with Omegas while claiming the position of the future Luna that never belonged to her, and Talia was confident that there was much more. 
It's not that Talia wanted to avenge everyone who got bullied by Cassie, but Cassie showed narcissistic behavior that can't be cured no matter what punishment is delivered. 
However, it wouldn't be fine just to let her go either. 
In Talia's opinion, people will not understand others unless they walk in someone else's shoes. Talia couldn't make Cassie wear shabby clothes and be abused by random people, but she wanted Cassie to feel the burn of her actions if she was on the receiving end. 
"I want to know what she would do to me if you didn't stop her.", Talia said to Damon. 
Damon's brows came together in a deep frown. He obviously disapproved of this idea. 
Talia gave him a reassuring smile. "I won't do anything recklessly. Will you help me?" 
How can Damon say no to that? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 180 - The Best Luna
allnovelfull 
The dungeon of the Lightclaw pack is close to the packhouse. It's underground with its entrance hidden between several tall rocks and medium-sized bushes. 
The entrance is hidden, but the nearby terrain is fairly open, making it impossible for anyone to come or go without being noticed. 
Talia made her way into the dungeon down long winding stairs, following one warrior from the Lightclaw pack who was on duty as a guard. 
In the absence of a recording device, Talia called Damon's phone and left the call on with the phone in her pocket and volume set to a minimum. 
At the entrance to the dungeon, Damon had the call on speaker with Maddox, Mindy, Kalina, Tony, Alpha Magnus, and Alpha Richard gathered around him. 
No one knew exactly what Talia had on her mind, so they waited in anticipation to hear how this will unfold. 
Alpha Richard had a bad feeling about this. He wanted to warn Cassie to keep her mouth shut, but Damon and Maddox didn't let him out of their sight and he couldn't do anything, so now he was sweating bullets while silently cursing Cassie and her temper. 
Alpha Richard already decided to cut off his willful daughter financially and geographically. He will either marry her off or send her far away on her own, but that will need to wait until they leave this place. Until then, he prayed silently that Cassie doesn't drag him down with her. 
Talia walked after the guard and observed the hallway that was wide for four people to walk side-by-side comfortably. There were doors made out of thick iron bars, leading to small cells that each had a bed, sink, and toilet. The walls were in orange hues, like clay, and decently illuminated. The air was fresh with just a hint of staleness which told her that this is an old structure, but well maintained. 
Talia's guide stopped in front of one door and spoke in a stern tone, "Cassie Baines, you have a visitor." 
"Dad!?", Cassie shrieked and dashed toward the door, grabbing two bars with her hands. 
Ever since warriors dragged her from the packhouse of the Lightclaw pack on the previous night, Cassie was stuck in that cell. 
They brought her food twice, but other than that no one said anything, and her father didn't come to see her. 
Cassie assumed that her father might be also in one of the cells, so she called his name, but there was no response. 
To say that Cassie was agitated would be an understatement. 
Cassie frowned at the sight of Talia, and she looked left and right, how much the bars allowed it. 
"Where is my father?", Cassie asked the guard who didn't respond. They are trained not to respond to prisoners' inquiries unless instructed otherwise. 
"You can leave us.", Talia told the guard and he nodded before walking away. 
Talia waited a bit for the guard to leave the hallway before turning to Cassie who was still standing at the door and looking at Talia questionably. 
Talia observed Cassie's swollen cheek. One night of Cassie's werewolf healing wasn't enough to erase traces of Damon's slap. 
"Your father won't come.", Talia said. 
"What do you mean?" 
"I mean what I said. He won't come." 
"Why are you here?" 
"I came to see how you are doing.", Talia said while glancing into the cell behind Cassie. "It seems you had a good treatment. The bed looks cozy." 
"Cozy?", Cassie repeated with disgust. That thin mattress is a lot of things, but cozy is not one of them. She grew up as the princess of the Steelbite pack in luxury and this was not her idea of a good treatment. 
"Considering that you wanted to attack me last night, this is a light punishment. I wonder if you learned your lesson." 
Cassie's eyebrows shot up. "And what lesson should I learn?" 
Talia smirked. "That you are replaceable." 
Cassie's nostrils were flaring in anger. "Wait until I come out! You bitch!" 
"But you can't come out, and your words can't harm me. I know that you are a sad girl who enjoys the privilege of having Alpha as a father. Remove your father and you are nothing." 
"And you think you are something because Damon decided to play with you?" 
"Not just play with me, but also bring me as his date. To how many events Damon took you with him?", Talia asked and continued quickly before Cassie could say anything, "The party was a blast. If you were there you would see that Damon is an amazing dancer. He couldn't keep his hands off me. Is that how he treated you? Of course, he didn't. Your so-called relationship meant that you stay in his packhouse until he notices you. Did he ever touch you or was that just your imagination? As a stark contrast from how he treated you, last night, a reporter from WW Magazine took our photo. He said that Damon and I look good together. It seems that was the first time Damon allowed his photo to be taken with a woman by his side. It will be in the next edition…" 
"You wench!" Cassie was livid. Every Talia's word hit a nerve. "Once I'm done with you, Damon won't recognize you!" 
"Oh, and what will you do?" 
"I will return that slap of yours a hundred times and then I will scratch your face and yank all your hair out." Cassie's eyes stirred with madness. "Yes… with all those scars, Damon won't think that you are pretty and then he will come back to me." 
Talia released a long breath. Mission accomplished. But she didn't feel happy about it. Talia truly pitied Cassie who was lost in her delusion of grandeur that took deep roots, probably because no one took the effort to discipline Cassie when she was a child, and now it was too late. 
"It's sad that under that pretty face is an ugly person. That's why Damon will never look at you.", Talia said before walking away. 
"Hey! Where are you going!? What's your name!? Tell my father that I want to see him! You can't keep me here forever! Hey! HEY! Guards! GUARDS!..." 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia exited the dungeon and saw seven people standing with solemn expressions. 
Talia walked straight into Damon's embrace, and she took a deep breath, allowing her favorite scent of the forest and the dark chocolate to enter her system and calm her down. 
"What about Cassie?", Alpha Richard broke the silence. 
Talia turned to face Alpha Richard, with Damon's hand resting on her shoulder, silently reminding her that he is right there, supporting her. 
"Alpha Richard", Talia spoke in an official tone that surprised everyone other than Damon. He heard her talk like that with Mr. Martinez, in front of the human hospital. 
"Your daughter wanted me to get one hundred slaps, to scratch my face until it's full of scars, and to yank my hair out." 
"She said that in anger.", Alpha Richard was quick to say. 
Talia's expression hardened. "And I am confident that she would do all those things in anger. You can't expect her to be a good person if you are always finding excuses for her mistakes. She is not a child. There are very few people who will put up with her willful behavior and not punish her." 
Alpha Richard lowered his head. He was out of arguments. 
Talia lifted her chin. "I believe that everyone deserves a chance for redemption. Even Cassie. I won't demand that Cassie endures everything she was planning for me." 
Alpha Richard looked at Talia hopefully and his expression froze when Talia continued. 
"Instead of one hundred slaps, Cassie will get fifty. I don't want her face to be ruined, but her hair will go. I will be magnanimous and instead of yanking it out, she will be shaved clean. If Cassie tries to attack me again or retaliates in any way, she will get the remaining punishment, with interest. As a reminder of this incident for her and you, the Steelbite pack will make an annual tribute to the Dark Howlers pack. You will discuss details of the tribute with Alpha Damon. If you can't come to an agreement, Cassie will get the remainder of her punishment. Is that acceptable?" 
Alpha Richard wanted to say how that's preposterous, but he ended up staring into Talia's honeyed eyes that were full of determination, and he nodded in agreement. 
Talia turned to Alpha Magnus. "As soon as punishments are administered, Cassie is free to leave. Fifty slaps by a warrior, and then her head needs to be shaved clean. I expect that you record everything and send us a copy when it's over." 
Alpha Magnus agreed immediately. He couldn't wait to be done with this and for the troublesome girl to leave. 
Talia saw that Tony, Kalina, Mindy, and Maddox looked at her in awe, and then she turned to Damon to meet his proud smile. 
"Can we go home now?", she asked in a small voice. 
Damon leaned his forehead on Talia's. 
Did she know that right now she was the best Luna ever? More than a Luna, Talia was like a Goddess, compelling everyone to worship her. 
Instead of lashing out or shrinking, she used her head and recorded Cassie, for everyone to hear. In addition to witnesses from last night, she ensured that several other people hear Cassie threatening her again. Even if Cassie complains about injustice, it will be for naught because four Alphas heard every word between Cassie and Talia. 
Damon wondered, did Talia notice that Alpha Richard was bowing to her in submission? Probably not. Talia doesn't care about those things and she wouldn't pay attention. 
Talia notices injustice and even when she has the complete advantage over people who wronged her, she won't go overboard. Selfless. She is the embodiment of selflessness. 
Just now, Talia was in the position to ask for anything, yet she asked for things that will benefit the Dark Howlers pack. She secured an annual tribute from the Steelbite pack, and she left him to negotiate terms. A true Luna. His Luna. 
Damon wanted to pick Talia up and twirl her and kiss her senselessly and then to have his way with her right there on the ground, but he pushed all those desires for later when they reach home, and responded, "Yes. Let's go home." He couldn't wait to get home. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 181 - Back Home
At the Lightclaw pack, after settling things with Cassie and her father, Damon and Talia went to their room to pack. It was time to go home. 
On their way out, Talia and Damon were greeted by Mindy, Maddox, Kalina, and Tony who all looked at Talia with renewed interest. Her performance while deciding punishment for Cassie impressed all of them. 
Mindy, Kalina, and Talia exchanged hugs while reminding each other that they will meet soon at the Dark Howlers pack. 
During the travel back home, Damon didn't let go of Talia's hand unless it was absolutely necessary, and during the plane ride, she sat in his lap. 
They kept the chat light and didn't make out, but his intense gaze came with a silent promise of many pleasures to come, and Talia's insides trembled in anticipation. 
Talia was lost in her thoughts about the recent events, and she didn't realize at what point they reached their destination. 
~ Dark Howlers pack ~ 
Damon stopped the car in front of the packhouse and exited the car first, to open the door for Talia. 
His boyish grin directed at her made Talia's insides melt into emotional mush. She was absolutely smitten. 
Damon offered Talia his hand palm up, and she placed her hand into his without hesitation. 
After closing the door behind Talia, Damon went to the back of the car to get the suitcase out of the trunk, and this time, Talia knew that the magic was not over and that Damon will take her hand and walk into the packhouse together with her. And he did. 
They arrived in time for lunch, and Talia's enthusiasm dwindled when she saw Stephanie and Maya, both in low spirits. It didn't seem right to be happy when two other people in the room had dark clouds above their heads. 
It took Talia a moment to remember that Maya was suffering because Caden was away, and she guessed that Stephanie's bad mood must be related to Lisa. 
They had moussaka for lunch that day. Normally, lunch is very simple because everyone is busy, so it's usually either leftovers or sandwiches (or sandwiches made with leftovers), but now Damon and Talia returned from their trip, so Stephanie wanted to make something. 
"Is Lisa here?", Damon asked while putting food into Talia's plate. 
"She's in her room since last night.", Stephanie responded with finality that indicated she didn't want to talk about it. 
Lisa locked herself in her room and refused to come out. It was understandable that Lisa was upset with Tony finding his mate and Kalina getting the party that Lisa always wanted, but Stephanie wished that Lisa sees how the reality can't be changed and that drifting between sorrow and anger is harming only Lisa. Tony was out of Lisa's reach and Lisa needed to snap out of it. 
Stephanie hoped that Lisa will cry it out, and move on. Eventually. 
"How was the party?", Maya started the chit-chat. 
"Party?", Damon asked and made a face like he was thinking about something intently. 
Other than spending time with Talia, eating, dancing, and wanting to go to their room as soon as possible, he didn't remember much. Damon never chatted about things he deemed insignificant, and he didn't want to talk about the only things that were important (Talia's sweet pussy milking his cock and Talia crying his name breathlessly). That was for him and Talia to know. Private. 
"I'm not the best person to comment on the party, but I'm sure Talia has stories to tell. She made a friend and she secured us a tribute from the Steelbite pack." 
Talia smiled at Damon's words. She made a friend, Kalina. 
Maya was interested in the second part. "What tribute?" 
Maya wondered, why would Alpha Richard give them tribute? 
Talia shook her head with a smile, indicating that it's not a big deal. She didn't want to talk about Cassie. "Damon needs to negotiate the tribute. When that happens, you will know more than I will." 
It was the first time for Talia to attend such an event, and she thought how everything was amazing, especially Damon's company. He made everything better. However, considering Maya's and Stephanie's low mood, Talia didn't feel like raving about her good time, so she shared a few reserved points about Kalina, decorations, food, and she mentioned that Mindy was there also, and Talia left it at that. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
After lunch, Damon and Talia went to their room and Talia immediately started unpacking the suitcase and putting things into the hamper. 
"Why are you doing that?", Damon asked. That's something an Omega can handle, later. 
Talia assumed that Damon was eager to get to work, and as his assistant, she should accompany him. 
"It will take only a minute.", Talia said. "I will shower quickly and head to the study…" Her voice trailed when Damon hugged her from behind. 
He buried his face in the crook of her neck and took a deep breath, allowing her sweet citrusy scent of freesia to fill up his system. 
"I could also use a shower. How about we do it together?" 
Talia's cheeks ignited fiercely. She told herself to calm down. After all, she was with Damon in a tub. Twice. A shower won't be a big deal. Right? 
Five minutes later… 
Talia realized how wrong she was. Sure, she took a bath with Damon twice, but no matter how much they touched and kissed, the bubbly water provided some resemblance of decency by obstructing the clear view of their private parts, yet now in the shower, it was just the two of them, nude, with droplets falling on them and not providing any coverage. 
Damon was right there, at her arm's reach, in his naked glory, and she fought mightily to look at his face and not at his erection. 
Damon could feel her shyness, anticipation, arousal, and he wanted to devour her right there, under the shower. 
He wondered, would Talia be so reluctant if she knew how he feels about her? But really feel, without any doubts, through the mate bond. 
He was aware that just telling her won't do much because she probably won't believe him. 
Little by little, he was chipping away her insecurities and he hoped that soon she will realize how amazing she is and stand proudly all the time, and not only when she is fighting against injustice. 
Damon squeezed shower gel on the sponge and handed it to Talia. "Will you wash my back?" 
Talia nodded in small jerky movements and grabbed the sponge. 
With him turning his back on her, Talia exhaled the breath she was holding, and she washed him in circular movements while admiring the majestic landscape of his back. 
Talia swallowed audibly when her eyes settled on his perfect ass. She was confident that if she drops a coin there, it will bounce a few times how firm it is. 
Everything about Damon was hard, other than his lips and hair. She confirmed that. 
Talia remembered that at some point during the previous night she was holding onto that glorious ass while Damon was thrusting into her. 
She pressed her legs together while chiding herself silently. Why was she having those thoughts? Was she hoping it will happen again? Of course, she was, but she was too shy to admit that… even to herself. 
Damon released a sharp breath and turned to face her flustered expression. 
"You did good, kitten." 
Talia was surprised by this sudden compliment. "I was just washing your back." 
Damon shook his head. "That was good also, but I was talking about our stay at the Lightclaw pack. I was impressed." 
"By what?" 
"By everything." 
His intense gaze made her breathy. 
Damon took a step towards her, and Talia took a step back on an instinct. 
He cocked an eyebrow. "Are you avoiding me, kitten? Should I leave?" 
Damon stepped back and Talia grabbed his hand. She didn't want him to leave. 
"I'm not avoiding you. It's just… I wasn't expecting you to be this close." 
"But I want to come closer.", Damon said in a whiny voice. "Can I?" 
Seeing her nod shyly, Damon asked, "What else can I do?" 
Her heart thundered in her throat, and she feared that it might jump out. 
"Whatever you want.", she said in a whisper as arousal swelled inside her. 
Damon hummed ambiguously. "I want you to continue washing me." 
Talia paused. She thought that he will want to kiss and touch her, yet he asked for a washing service. Was he teasing her or was that huge erection just for decoration? 
Damon took the shower gel and flicked the sponge out of her hand. 
"Use your hands, kitten." 
He squeezed the thick bluish liquid into her hands that came together, and he moved closer to Talia so that he can press his palms on the wall behind Talia, trapping her between his arms. 
Talia lathered gingerly Damon's pecs. Every rotation of her hands made her a bit bolder as she went lower toward his rock-hard abs. 
Damon closed his eyes and enjoyed the delightful sparks of their bond that danced over his skin wherever she touched him. 
Talia was lost in the daze because Damon was super-close and she also got to feel him out freely, and only when she reached his navel did she realize that there might be a problem and all her courage sizzled away. 
"Why did you stop?", Damon asked with a devious smile on his face. 
Talia sheepishly looked up to meet his eyes that challenged her. 
"Continue washing me, kitten. All of me." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 182 - Steamy Shower
The bubbles from the shower gel were all washed a long time ago, but Talia didn't dare to ask for more. 
Talia's hands parted to move over Damon's hips while avoiding to touch his erect cock that waved at her as Damon shifted his weight from one leg to another. 
It was intimidating and inviting at the same time. 
Her hands moved robotically as her brain stuttered and she was not sure if she wanted to escape that shower enclosure or to feel him out… everywhere. 
"Don't you want to touch it?", Damon's husky voice sounded close to her ear. 
She knew very well what that 'it' was because she was staring at it. Did she want to touch it? 
Talia told herself that this was not a big deal. After all, that thing was inside her, more than once, and Damon kissed and caressed (and licked) every part of her body, and it was wonderful. Wouldn't it be normal if she does the same thing to him? 
Talia knew that once she overcomes the invisible barrier of her shyness, being with Damon is natural, and their every intimacy is pleasing, addictive… and she really wanted to make him feel good but… can she do it? 
What if she makes a fool of herself? 
No. That won't happen. 
Damon never teased her for lack of experience. Whatever they did, he was caring and patient, and Talia couldn't stop herself from falling for him more. 
Thanks to the mate bond, Damon was aware of Talia's doubts and desires. That super-cheat allowed him to act without worry that he was doing something against her will. 
His biggest wish was for Talia to feel the bond with all the benefits it provides, so that she can be aware of how much he craves for her and that in his eyes, she can't do wrong. 
Damon put his hand over Talia's, and slowly guided her toward his erection. 
Talia held her breath when he pressed on her hand to wrap her fingers around his shaft that was throbbing to feel her touch. 
Damon hissed as the sparks of the bond danced over his cock. 
"Is this OK?", Talia asked in a small voice. 
She barely touched him, yet he made that sound. Did she hurt him? But if it hurt, why did he squeeze her hand around his erection further? 
"Everything you do is amazing.", he said honestly. 
Damon moved her hand to pump his shaft. 
"I am yours, kitten. Do with me whatever you want. If you are not sure if something is right, I will guide you." 
Damon released her hand and spoke in a strained voice. "That's it, kitten… You are doing wonderfully…" 
Encouraged by his words, Talia continued moving her hand and she didn't need to lean closer to see every nook and cranny of his magnificent cock that was throbbing in her hand. 
Damon's body arched over hers, providing shelter from the warm water that fell on them and she could see a drop of precum forming at his tip. 
Everything smelled of dark chocolate. Mouthwatering. 
Talia wondered if it would taste good. When they kiss, Damon's flavor of the dark chocolate intensifies. Will it be the same with this? 
Guided by her curiosity, Talia leaned and gave it a lick. 
Damon inhaled sharply and somehow, Talia knew that it made him feel good, so she licked him again, and again… and then she took him into her mouth and Damon released a barely audible "Ah". 
Talia hummed as her tongue twirled around his tip. He was delicious. 
The skin of his cock was smooth, and it moved under the pressure of her lips and tongue, while the shaft was hard and hot, and it all tasted of dark chocolate with a hint of manly muskiness. 
Damon groaned and Talia looked up while wondering if he liked what she was doing, and she met his unfocused icy-blue eyes full of lust staring back at her under the half-closed eyelids, making her feel that he will devour her at any moment. 
He was handsome, powerful, vulnerable, and absolutely lost in the pleasure she was giving him. 
Talia marveled at the feeling that she can bring him to such a state. It was the newfound power she had over him. 
She smiled a bit and continued sucking and licking, and pumping with her hand the base of his shaft that didn't fit in her mouth. 
Damon stared at Talia, lost in the sensation of her mouth and tongue around his shaft, and it was all amplified by marvelous sparks of their bond. 
She was kneeling in front of him, absolutely focused on sucking him off and he never saw anything sexier in his life. 
That was Talia. His mate. 
The whole experience was enhanced by the knowledge that it was her first time. Damon knew that considering his past, it was not fair to gloat about being her first in anything. She was too pure, too innocent, too unspoiled, too perfect for him. But there she was, on her knees, giving him one more of her firsts, and it was wonderful. 
Talia was his and he wanted to claim her completely. 
Lost in his madness, Damon's fangs came out and he knew that if this lasts much longer, he will lose control and mark her. 
He wanted her to stop so that he can catch a breather, but at the same time, he didn't want her to stop. Ever. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Consumed with his desire for more, faster, stronger, Damon gripped a handful of her hair and started thrusting into her mouth. 
Talia's eyes opened in shock because he didn't move so far. 
He was holding her head and thrusting every time a bit further. Did he think that the whole thing will fit? No way! But then he hit the back of her mouth and she gasped, and Damon used that opportunity to shove his cock down her throat. 
Talia didn't think that was possible, but then… it was. 
Damon was groaning in pleasure, and she felt a wave of heat hitting her core with every move he made, and she thought that she might orgasm just by sucking him off. 
Talia really wanted to reach between her legs and to give to her aching pleasure bud that small caress she needed to push her over the edge, but she was too shy to do so, so she grabbed Damon's firm ass and dug her nails into him, focusing mightily on matching the pace of his thrusts with movements of her tongue. 
Talia swallowed on a reflex. Her tongue squeezed his cock against the roof of her mouth, and she felt under her palms the moment when Damon's buttocks stiffened. 
Damon wanted to pull out, but Talia held him in place, and he didn't really want to pull out, so he thrust one more time firmly, dissolving halfway in shivers. 
Talia's moan mixed with his groan when he released his seed at the back of her mouth. 
Chocolate. Dark chocolate. 
Damon's chest heaved as he watched her licking him greedily like she was savoring the best delicacy ever. 
"Fuck, Talia!", Damon squeezed through his teeth when he twitched as the tail of his release caught him unprepared. 
His every orgasm with Talia was better than the previous one, better than any other, muddling his brain and making him addicted to Talia, but the only thing he could do was crave for more. It was that good. 
Damon grabbed her shoulders and pulled her to stand up, pinning her against the tiled wall of the shower enclosure with his body. 
"You are perfect. You are mine. Made for me. Say that you are mine, kitten!" 
His words were order and a plea at the same time. If she denied him this, he feared that he might suffer a mental breakdown. He needed her more than air. He needed confirmation that she was his. Only his and no one else's. 
"Yours.", she said, amazed by Damon's intensity and how much it turned her on. 
Damon kissed her sloppily, tasting himself on her tongue and he was not surprised how well their flavors mixed because he knew that he and Talia are perfect together in everything. It's supposed to be that way. 
He cursed under his breath when his hand reached between her legs, and he felt how wet she was. 
Spurred by her arousal, he was unable to wait any longer. 
Damon grabbed Talia's buttocks and lifted her, and he hummed in approval when her legs wrapped around his waist. She knew what to do. His kitten is a fast learner. 
Talia gasped when he entered her. 
Talia was aware it was coming, and she welcomed him eagerly because she was really turned on and aching for a release, but his impatience caught her by surprise. 
There was urgency behind his every thrust, and Talia fought to catch the smallest of breaths as he guided her to Heaven expertly with the movements of his hips. 
"Sing for me, kitten…", Damon growled lowly. "Let me hear you call my name." 
Talia's mind was a mess. What singing? But she understood that he wanted her to say his name and she opened her mouth to say it, but only a moan escaped her lips. 
"Da… Dam… Damon… DAMON!" 
Talia ended with a cry while clinging onto him, for the whole Universe to know how good it felt to fall apart in his arms. 
"Fuck!", Damon cursed loudly as her orgasm washed over him and his ass buckled, making him come in ecstatic waves like he didn't release a load in her mouth just a little while ago. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 183 - Dinner In Bed
Talia and Damon didn't move as their heavy breathing stabilized. 
Talia was draped limply over Damon, with her head on his shoulder and her legs around his waist, and she was grateful that he held her because her whole body felt like jelly. 
Damon nuzzled Talia's neck with his nose, and he gently kissed the spot where his mark will come, while enjoying every sigh that escaped her lips. 
They both shivered when he pulled out. 
Damon helped her get back on her feet and he saw his seed trickling down her legs. 
"Hold onto me, kitten…", Damon murmured. 
Talia leaned on him obediently with her eyes closed, enjoying the sensation of him rinsing her body under the shower. 
His hands moved over her skin so gently that she was not sure if he was really touching her. 
This was not a scary Alpha, and not a moody either. This Damon was an affectionate lover and Talia couldn't believe that she got to see this side of him. 
After turning off the shower, Damon wrapped Talia in a towel and carried her into the bedroom. 
Talia smiled when he lowered her on the bed with care and the fire in his eyes told her that they were not done. They were far from done. 
Damon unwrapped the towel slowly with a grin on his face, like a child opening a present. 
He arranged tender kisses over her body, starting with her breasts and going down her abdomen, and when he buried his face between her legs, Talia was not sure if she was his present, or he was hers. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
It was late in the evening when Damon entered the bedroom with a tray full of food for him and Talia. 
He was wearing only shorts and Talia couldn't stop staring at his exposed torso. 
How can a man be so handsome? 
Damon's cocky smirk told Talia that he noticed her ogling at him and she quickly lowered her gaze. 
Talia scooted into a seated position and pulled a bedsheet around herself, to cover her bare body. 
As the tray in his hands came closer, Talia observed leftover moussaka, and there were fresh salad and dinner rolls, still warm with a wedge of butter on the side, and bowls with grapes and walnuts. 
Talia was mouthwatering at the sight of food and her stomach rumbled. She was hungry. 
They spent the whole afternoon indulging in carnal pleasures and cuddling, and it was past dinnertime. 
Talia was not complaining. Every moment was wonderful, and she was not achy either. Damon would make sure to lick her down there between lovemaking, and Talia concluded that his saliva healed her soreness, leaving her with only an addictive post-orgasmic buzz. 
As much as Talia enjoyed this intimacy with Damon and having him only for herself, Damon didn't do any work, and neither did she, and it would be a miracle if Stephanie and Maya couldn't guess what Talia and Damon were doing all afternoon (and evening) in the bedroom. How embarrassing! 
Talia loved the idea of dinner in bed with Damon, but… "Is it OK for us to eat here? What will others think?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "We can eat wherever we want. As for others…" He paused for a second before continuing, "It's just Steph and Maya, and both of them are too busy with their issues to notice where we are." 
Talia wondered if she was overthinking. Sure, it was her first time to be with a man and experience these activities, but what about…? She didn't want to finish that thought. 
Talia heard many rumors about Damon and at least some of them are bound to be true, and if she allowed doubts to creep in, it would spoil this happiness she was experiencing, and she already made peace with the fact that everything is temporary, happiness included, and she will enjoy this no matter how long it lasts. 
How many women can say that they experienced such exclusive care by an Alpha? And Damon was much more than just an Alpha, he was the man who captured her heart, and she was irrevocably in love with him. 
She took a deep breath and pushed all stray thoughts at the back of her mind, deciding to focus on the present. 
Talia observed as Damon expertly cut holes in dinner rolls and filled them with butter. She wanted to do something also, but she knew that Damon made a point about feeding her, so she waited patiently. 
She accepted a bun from Damon and took a bite. The bun was warm, and the butter was rich and melty, and it was perfect. Talia closed her eyes and moaned softly. 
When she opened her eyes, she saw that Damon was staring at her intently, and she felt the urgency to talk about something, or they will end up rolling in the sheets again. It's not that Talia was against that, but she wanted to eat first, or she might pass out during sex due to starvation. 
"Is Steph worried about Lisa?", Talia asked, snapping Damon out of his lustful daze. 
"Steph is always worried about Lisa.", Damon responded matter-of-factly. "Steph feels guilty for staying here while Lisa was at the Lightclaw pack, and because of that she is overcompensating." 
"Isn't she just worrying about her daughter?" 
"I don't blame Steph for wishing that Lisa is happy, but if Steph was firmer with Lisa before, it wouldn't reach this point." 
His clipped tone told her that the topic was over. 
Damon's comment went beyond just Lisa crying over Tony and Kalina. Every once in a while, Lisa would have some issues and Stephanie would stress about it. 
Werewolves care for their offspring, but Stephanie was coddling Lisa like she is five years old. 
Damon disliked that Lisa was still disturbing Stephanie. She is not a child anymore. 
At the age of nineteen, Damon was already leading a pack, while Lisa is whinnying about losing a man who was never hers. Any hope she had for a happy ending with Tony should be extinguished at the moment Tony told her that he will look for his mate and that Lisa is not the one, and that was more than two years ago. 
If Tony was deceiving Lisa, Damon might have some grievances against the guy, but Tony was always honest. 
Damon can't blame Tony. It's no one's fault that Lisa and Tony are not mates. 
The more Lisa was acting out, the more Damon saw similarities between Lisa and some of his crazed ex-es (aka Cassie). 
Two years should be more than enough for Lisa to prepare for this moment and to step away gracefully. Or was Lisa hoping that Tony will feel sorry for her and leave Kalina? 
That's not happening. 
Damon was aware of how good it feels when one finds his mate. No other woman compares and if Tony allows Lisa to spoil the relationship between him and Kalina, Damon will dislike him. 
Damon didn't want to talk about Lisa or Stephanie. In his opinion, it was a private issue and not his business. 
Talia didn't understand fully the relationships Damon had with Stephanie, Maya, and Caden, but she knew that each of them has their duties, and they don't interfere with each other unless necessary. And she absolutely had no idea how Lisa fits in all that. Will Lisa return to the Lightclaw pack, or will she stay here? 
At the thought of Lisa staying at the Dark Howlers pack, Talia realized that there might be a problem. 
"Do you know if Lisa staying here is temporary or…?" Her voice trailed as she waited for Damon to respond. 
Damon shrugged, indicating that he doesn't know. "Lisa has a room on the first floor, next to Steph's. Other than seeing Lisa during meals, I wouldn't know she is here unless Steph tells me about it." 
The truth was that since becoming the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, Damon didn't idle in the packhouse. He would sleep in his room or work in the study, and for the remainder of his time was somewhere else, so Damon wasn't aware of Lisa's presence in the packhouse. 
"Kalina and Tony will come for a visit.", Talia reminded him, and Damon's eyebrows shot up when he understood where Talia was going with it. 
He stuffed a forkful of moussaka in her mouth before responding. 
"It doesn't matter if it's them or anyone else. You can't force others to like each other, but they must be polite or suffer the consequences. If Lisa makes things uncomfortable for Tony or Kalina, it will strain the relationship between our packs, and that's unacceptable." 
Talia chewed in slow motion while thinking about his words. Logically, it made sense, but… "I don't think that a heartbroken girl will be polite or consider what's the best for her pack when she sees her ex-lover happy with someone else. Cassie is a perfect example of how far things can go, and she is Alpha's daughter." 
Damon paused at the mentioning of Cassie. 
Did Talia need to use him as an example? 
But it was a good example because just how Tony changed after finding Kalina, Damon changed after finding Talia. 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose. "Fine. When we confirm that Tony and Kalina are coming, if Lisa is still here, I will talk to her." 
"What will you say?" 
Damon had no idea. "I'm sure I will figure out something by then." Sending Lisa on a vacation sounded like a plan. 
Talia eyed Damon suspiciously, but she didn't pursue that topic. She accepted the forkful of salad Damon offered, and she fed him in return. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 184 - Never Apart? [Bonus ]
Damon and Talia were nearly done with the food when Talia asked, "When will Caden come back?" 
Damon frowned. "Are you missing him?" 
Talia couldn't believe how possessive he was. 
Was he serious? 
"Not me. Maya. Didn't you notice that she was down because she is missing Caden?" 
Of course, he noticed. That was Maya's punishment for acting against her Alpha and endangering her Luna! Damon didn't want to say this at loud, fearing that Talia won't approve. 
"Are you feeling sorry for her?" 
"Yes.", Talia responded right away. "Can Caden return? Instead of him spending a week away from Maya, maybe he and Maya can make a series of small trips together so that they handle that business and take care of their duties as Betas." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. It's not that she was only feeling sorry for Maya, but she found a solution to make everyone happy. 
All those were traits of a Luna. A very good Luna. His Luna. 
Damon smiled. "You were thinking about this." 
Talia didn't deny it. "I noticed that Maya was sad before we left, and today she was worse. I know that I would be missing you if…" 
Talia stopped talking when she saw Damon looking at her with sparkles in his eyes and an irresistible grin which she wished to wipe off. 
"You would miss me?", Damon asked with glee in his voice, urging her to say more. He really wanted to hear more about it. 
An intense heat invaded Talia's cheeks, and she knew that she was blushing fiercely. 
Why was he asking that so openly? And why did she blurt out whatever was on her mind? 
But he asked her a question and he was eagerly waiting for her answer, so she gave him one. 
"Yes." 
A warm and fuzzy feeling filled Damon's chest and he was drowning in the ocean of emotions, unsure if those were his or Talia's. 
He scooped Talia in his arms, all with the bedsheet she was wrapped in, and he placed her to sit on his lap. 
Damon hummed in satisfaction when Talia relaxed against him. He remembered the time when she would be stiff in his embrace. Those days were long gone as Talia didn't deny that she enjoys Damon's proximity. 
"Don't worry, kitten.", he murmured close to her ear. "We will never be apart. I won't allow it to happen." 
Talia looked into his icy-blue eyes that stirred with passion and… she believed him. 
Never apart from Damon. She wanted to pinch herself and confirm that she was not dreaming. 
The attraction sizzled between them. The pull was impossible to resist, and she didn't want to resist her urge to kiss him. 
Regardless of what tomorrow may bring, right now she was in Damon's embrace, and he looked at her like she was the only woman in the world, and she liked it very much. 
The kiss quickly turned hungry and both of them were on fire. 
More than Talia's hunger for food, she was craving for Damon and his addictive flavor of the dark chocolate, and his scent of the forest, and his firm hold, and the warmth of his body, and the texture of his skin, and his power, and that friction which makes her touch heaven. 
Damon wanted them to finish food first, but the scent of Talia's arousal hit him hard, so he pushed the tray on the side haphazardly and removed the bedsheet she was wrapped in without breaking the kissing frenzy. 
As they moved, plates and utensils clattered on the floor, and leftovers messed up the carpet while some walnuts rolled under the bed, but none of them had the presence of mind to care about it. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia's eyes fluttered open, and she squinted at the sunlight that hurt her eyes. 
Talia and Damon were indulging in each other until late, and it was wonderful, but she overslept. 
At the thought of Damon, Talia turned to her right and frowned when she saw crumpled bedsheets. She put her hand there to feel that it's cold. He was gone for a while. A note on Damon's pillow confirmed that he was not nearby, and she wondered if he went to work without her, but… he promised to wake her up. 
Talia jolted out of her drowsiness when she heard movement in the bedroom. 
"Why are you here?", Talia asked while tightening the bedsheet around her bare body. 
A familiar figure looked at her innocently. "I came to get the laundry." 
Talia observed the woman who wore skimpy shorts which revealed her long and toned legs, and a t-shirt that was at least two sizes smaller than it should be, making her ample bosom nearly spill out through the low V-neck opening. 
The Omega was glancing at the note that Damon left behind, and Talia quickly snatched it. 
Talia didn't like that this woman came here while Talia was in the room. Talia spent years watching Omegas in the Red Moon pack, and she knew very well that Omegas would double-check that the room was empty before coming to perform their duties. If their senses were not sharp enough, they would mind-link someone to confirm that the room occupant is somewhere else, and even then they would knock, and considering that Talia didn't hear any knocking and that the Omega was inside the room… this was definitely on purpose. 
"Rose, right?", Talia asked and when the woman nodded, Talia continued, "Do you always come at this time?" 
"No.", Rose responded honestly. "I confirmed that Alpha Damon is not in the packhouse before coming here. I didn't know that someone else is in his room. I will get the laundry and be out in a minute. I apologize for disturbing you." 
Talia could tell that the apology was not sincere, and she guessed that Rose came to confirm who the girl in Alpha's room is. 
Talia's impulse was to tell Rose to scram, but she was already here, and they had laundry from their trip, and Talia didn't want to cause problems, so she swallowed her grievances. 
Rose returned with a hamper in tow and glanced at the tray, plates, utensils, and the food-mess on the carpet. "I will clean this in a bit." 
"No.", Talia snapped. "You can come in one hour." 
All that mess was there since last night. One more hour won't make a difference. 
Rose gave Talia a stiff smile. "Of course. In one hour." 
Talia didn't like that Rose was snooping around while pretending to be ignorant. It reminded Talia of gossipy Omegas at the Red Moon pack, the malicious ones who would come to make fun of Talia and beat her… like Anna and her henchmen. 
Yes, Zina and Dawn were gossipy also, but those two spoke with Talia openly, and they didn't feign politeness while harboring too much curiosity in their gazes. 
Talia watched Rose leaving the room and only when the door closed did Talia plop back in the pillow. 
She guessed that there were rumors circulating about her, as the girl who is staying on the third floor of the packhouse, and this encounter confirmed it. 
Should she tell Damon about this? What should she say? That an Omega came to get the laundry? If she says that, Damon will think that she is petty and that being with him got into her head. 
Talia uncrumpled the note to read: 
[I hope to return before you wake up, but in case that doesn't happen… 
I need to take care of something personally.] 
Talia pressed her lips into a line while wondering what happened that Damon needed to handle personally, but the message was vague and Rose told her that Damon is not in the packhouse, so there was not much to go with. 
She was grateful that he left her a note. 
Talia hugged his pillow and breathed in the lingering scent of the forest and the dark chocolate. It was nice but knowing that Damon was not nearby made her restless. 
Didn't he promise last night that they won't separate? Talia shook those thoughts away. She shouldn't be that clingy. Damon was definitely somewhere in the pack territory, tending to some important matter only Alpha can handle, and he will be back soon. 
It's unreasonable to expect they will always be connected at the hips, no matter how good that feels. 
Without Damon around, it was awfully quiet, and Talia decided to start her day with a shower. 
With or without Damon, there was plenty for Talia to do. 
After showering, Talia dressed up and headed for the kitchen. It was empty, so she made herself a sandwich and headed into the study. 
She didn't want to risk bumping into any other Omega and no one other than Damon would dare to enter the study, so having her sandwich there assured that no one will disturb her. 
While chewing her sandwich absentmindedly, Talia checked emails and sorted them out for Damon. 
Once that was done, she went through Damon's regular mail. 
Under a dozen envelopes, a magazine peeked, and Talia's eyes widened when she saw it was an exclusive edition of WW Magazine that covered the event at the Lightclaw pack where Kalina was introduced as the future Luna. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 185 - A Morning Without Damon
The WW Magazine had four figures on the front page. 
Kalina and Tony were in the center with Alpha Magnus and Luna Alicia on their sides. They were all smiling and looking happy. There were no traces of Kalina's gloom that she showed in private, and Talia knew that she would never get a glimpse of that side of Kalina if they were not friends because in front of strangers Kalina had her practiced smile on. 
Talia's heart fluttered as she flipped the pages of the magazine, wondering if she will see Damon's photo there… somewhere. And she was not wrong. 
Her mouth hung open when she saw several pages filled with photos of her and Damon. There was one with the two of them at the table chatting, him feeding her… and there was one photo covering an entire page with the two of them dancing and the caption, "Did Alpha Damon find his Luna?" 
Talia released a shaky breath when she realized that this turned into a story that was bound to create numerous gossips. 
Talia hungrily read the text that was squeezed between the photos. 
The article said that she came as Alpha Damon's date and that her name is 'Lia', probably because someone overheard Kalina or Mindy addressing her. The article was mostly speculating about her identity and if Damon will mark her. 
There was a special note in bold letters about the absence of a mark on Talia's neck and a photo right next to it had Talia's neck zoomed in with a red arrow pointing there. 
Talia absentmindedly touched the base of her neck, on the left side. 
She remembered the drunkard at the party saying how Damon was toying with her because she doesn't have Damon's mark. Damon punched the daylights out of that man and then Maddox was left to deal with the aftermath. Talia was not sure what Maddox did with those two unconscious people, but the fact that no one raised a fuss about it, meant that he did a good job. 
Talia also remembered that Damon asked her if she would wear his mark. Was he serious? 
She was not sure if he was. Maybe at that moment, he thought about it, but now that the mood simmered down… who knows? 
'It's better this way', Talia told herself. Things like marking are forever and it shouldn't be done rashly. 
Would she think differently if Damon is her mate? Talia didn't have an answer to that question. 
What would happen if she agreed? Would he do it? And then what…? 
What if Damon's mate showed up after Damon's mark formed on Talia's neck? Which one would be the impostor? 
Talia definitely didn't see herself as worthy of Damon's mark. 
Actually, she didn't understand why Damon gave her any attention. 
Even an Omega like Rose looked more voluptuous and alluring, compared to Talia but then… maybe Damon already sampled Rose and Talia was someone new. 
With every passing minute, Talia's heart grew heavier, and she closed the magazine and kept it on Damon's desk. 
She realized that her insecurities were chipping away her happiness and she needed to snap out of it. 
But the whole study smelled of the forest and the dark chocolate, reminding her of Damon and that he was not there to give her one of his comforting hugs with the power to calm her down. She was alone and it was getting unbearable and Talia walked out into the garden to get some air. 
Talia chided herself. Why was she so dependent on Damon and his presence? She met him only a few weeks ago, and even though her life before that was not amazing, she still survived. Surely, there are things she can do without him. 
She remembered studying and the book Doctor Travis gave her. She finished reading it and she was due for a checkup, so she gave Doctor Travis a call. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
At the pack hospital… 
After her checkup was completed, Talia was left with Doctor Travis in his office, to go over her results. 
He told her that her overall condition is showing improvements and that she should continue with whatever she is doing. 
"I can see that you are taking care of your body", Travis said, and Talia blushed at the thought how Damon is the one doing most of the care of her body, and that extends beyond feeding her. Waaaay beyond just feeding her. 
She focused mightily on Travis's words as he spoke about the results of her blood tests. 
"If you continue with this progress, soon you can stop with vitamin supplements.", Travis ended on a good note. 
Talia was happy to hear the good news, not that she expected anything else because she was eating, exercising, and sleeping, and overall, she felt better. 
Since she talked to Damon about her wolf, she wanted to discuss it with Travis… "Doctor Travis, you are aware that my wolf is gone. Right?" 
Travis nodded. 
"What are the chances that, with my condition improving, she will come back?" 
Travis paused. Alpha Damon requested from Travis to not discuss the issue of Talia's wolf with her because it might give her false hopes if her wolf doesn't wake up. 
If Alpha Damon told Talia that her wolf might wake up, then Travis can talk about it freely. But what if Talia figured it out on her own? 
Travis was in a predicament. Should he obey the order of his Alpha or honor the doctor-patient relationship he has with Talia? 
Whichever he chooses, he can't tell Talia that he discussed her medical issue with the Alpha, not without Talia's consent. Ah, he already violated rules as a doctor. Should he add one more violation to that, or try to fix things? 
Travis's guilty conscience was eating him from the inside, and he was not willing to add more to it. 
"We are in uncharted territory here, Talia.", Travis said honestly. "If we knew why she left you, we might try to fix it, but even that won't guarantee her return." 
Travis saw that Talia's mood dropped and he let out a long breath. "I will be honest with you. Your sight and hearing are better than human's, and that tells me your wolf is not gone. But there is no medicine I can give you with a guarantee that she will wake up. The most you can do is take care of your body and hope it will make a difference. Considering that your body is in fairly good shape now, you might want to focus on your mental state. Avoid stressful situations and do things that make you happy. I know that it's impossible to eliminate stress from life, so I will recommend you some breathing exercises…" 
Talia was bummed that Doctor Travis didn't have a concrete solution, but she listened carefully about breathing exercises and meditation techniques. 
Travis ended with, "I am not an expert in that area so I will send you links. You will need to try things and see what works for you." 
"Is there an expert?", Talia asked. 
Travis was not sure how to answer this, knowing that it's a tricky area. Everyone in the Dark Howlers pack is aware of the feud between their Alpha and Shaman, and considering that Talia was under Alpha's care, Travis didn't dare say anything rashly. 
"You might want to talk to Alpha Damon about visiting Shaman Gideon. He is the most knowledgeable about spiritual things." 
Talia didn't understand why she needed to talk to Damon about this. Nevertheless, her mood improved at the mentioning of Gideon. She saw it as another path she could explore. It was better than a dead-end or vague 'take care of yourself and hope for the best'. 
If Shaman Gideon can help her, she will be a proper she-wolf, with her wolf. 
Before leaving Travis's office, Talia reached into her bag for the book that Travis gave her to read. "I finished with this one and I was wondering if you can give me what comes after this." 
"Do you want to read more on this topic, or would you rather expand to something else?", Travis asked. 
"I really don't know.", Talia responded honestly. "I am curious about everything so I will be grateful for any recommendation." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 186 - Recognized As Lia [Bonus ]
Travis thought for a moment about how to answer Talia's question. 
"How about this… I am free after two o'clock in the afternoon and we can meet at the library where I can help you pick your next book." 
Talia nodded earnestly. "I would love that." 
Travis smiled at her enthusiasm. "Until then, I'm giving you a task to think about what you want to do with that knowledge. Are you interested in medicine in general, as someone who would treat colds and cuts, or are you interested in surgery, aftercare, specific conditions, or some parts of the body? Even if you want to know it all, you need to prioritize them into what you want to learn first." 
Talia left the pack hospital in a good mood. 
She was determined to talk to Damon about visiting Shaman Gideon, and she will go to the library. 
It was barely past eleven o'clock in the morning, and Travis said that they can meet at two o'clock, and Talia was not sure what to do in the meantime. 
Should she go back to the packhouse? Did Damon finish with the matter he had to handle personally? If he was not back, there was no point in heading there. It was empty with his scent lingering everywhere. 
Talia got her phone, only to see a message from Damon… 
[This is taking longer than expected. Have lunch without me.] 
With that, Talia decided to follow Travis's advice. He said that she should think about what she wants to learn first and do things that make her happy. She headed to the forest. Forest made her happy. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The library was one of the buildings that circled the town square with the clocktower in the middle, so Talia didn't face any issues finding it. 
Talia arrived a bit early, and she stood close to the entrance to the library so that Doctor Travis can see her when he gets there. 
She lifted her head up and closed her eyes, enjoying the sun that warmed her skin. Compared to the scorching heat of Colorado, the sun in Darkbourne was pleasant. 
Time in the forest was therapeutic. Talia's mind was calm and the only two things that bothered her were her stomach which craved for the lunch she skipped, and the second issue was that she didn't know what got Damon so occupied. 
She pacified her stomach with the silent promise that she won't linger in the library. As soon as she picks the book with Doctor Travis's help, she will go to the packhouse and have a meal. A big one. 
As for Damon, Talia wanted to call him and hear his voice, but if there was something important, she shouldn't disturb him. 
She concluded that she shouldn't worry because if there was an emergency or something dangerous, there would be commotion or people would go into shelters, and the town square had people chatting leisurely. 
Talia knew that with Caden gone for days, and Damon being absent due to the party they attended, there must be things piled up that only someone like Beta or Alpha can resolve so she shouldn't overthink the situation. 
Talia shifted from one leg to another while looking around, hoping to see Doctor Travis, but she met two pairs of curious eyes looking at her. 
Two blonde women stood not so far from Talia and stared at her unabashedly, and Talia swallowed hard when she realized that the blonder-blonde was holding the latest edition of WW Magazine. 
Did they recognize her? 
But… her hair was lifted into a loose bun, and she wore jeans and a white blouse, and without shiny earrings, makeup, and Damon by her side, Talia didn't look like that sophisticated 'Lia' from the magazine. At least, that's what Talia thought. 
The truth was that as much as the Dark Howlers pack is a big pack, there are not many people who would linger in the town square on a Monday afternoon. Those few that had such luxury were either people who worked there or some jobless idlers and they all knew each other, and Talia didn't fit in any of those categories. 
The biggest giveaway was that those two misses couldn't sense the pack mind-link with Talia, which confirmed that Talia is an outsider, a new face, a face that has uncanny resemblance to the woman who attended a party with Alpha Damon and was photographed for evidence. 
With every step those two women made toward Talia, she clutched the handle of her bag tighter. 
Realistically, there was no reason for Talia to be apprehensive but something about their gazes reminded Talia of Anna and her henchmen from the Red Moon pack, and Talia fought mightily against her urge to flee. 
"Lia, right?", one of the two women said, and her words stamped Talia's worries as genuine. They recognized her. 
Talia had a fleeting thought that she should pretend that she has no idea who that 'Lia' is, but then she gave up on that idea. It made no sense. Even if she denied it now, she might bump into these two women later, and then she will be labeled not only as Alpha Damon's date, but as a liar also. 
"And you are?", Talia responded with a question. 
The blonder-blonde elbowed the other blonde and said with glee, "I told you that's her!" Then she turned to Talia, "I am Ashley, and this is Heather." 
Talia was surprised that it just ended at that. Or were they expecting for Talia to say something? 
"Can I help you?", Talia asked. 
Ashley shrugged. "We recognized you and thought of saying, hi. The magazine says that your background is mysterious and now I know why." 
"You do?" 
Ashley's eyes flashed. "You are obviously not from our pack. From where are you?" 
Talia went with her well-practiced story. "I arrived here recently, and I don't belong to a pack." 
Heather's face changed a few times as she connected the invisible dots. "You are the girl who is staying in the packhouse! You are not just a one-time date. How did you do it?" 
Talia was not sure how to respond to that. "I don't know what you are talking about." 
Ashley rolled her eyes. "Come on. Alpha Damon's habits are not a secret. No woman lasts long, yet you managed to hold onto him long enough to show up in a magazine. Did you use some specific technique? Or is it a pose? Everyone knows that he loves to take a woman from the back." 
Ashley got closer to Talia with her every word and by the time she was finished talking, she was very close. Too close. 
Talia frowned and stepped backward, eager to put distance between herself and two women. Why did Heather and Ashley act like they are some gossip-buddies? 
Talia cherished every moment with Damon, naked ones included, yet these two managed to make it sound dirty. 
"If you are so curious, why don't you ask Alpha Damon?", Talia said dejectedly. 
Ashley and Heather had matching frowns on their faces as they scrutinized Talia. 
"It seems that a little favor from the Alpha gave you an inflated sense of importance.", Heather said, her condescending tone was a total opposite of her friendly one she had only a minute ago. 
Ashley continued, "Let's see how long this lasts. Another day or two? And then Alpha Damon will find another woman that tickles his libido, and he will leave you behind just like all of us. Or do you think that you are different?" 
Heather snorted. "Different? If she is, her pretty neck wouldn't be so clean." 
Talia reached for the left side of her neck. She knew that those two were talking about the absence of Damon's mark. 
Seeing that Talia's face fell, Heather was emboldened. 
"You need a reality check, Lia. You are nobody. Just like the rest of us. Why don't you use your head and see the truth? You are in the packhouse for such a long time. If Alpha Damon thinks you are worthy, he wouldn't hide you. Or are you his pet so that…" 
"Hey!", Travis's angry voice came from the side. He didn't hear everything, but he definitely heard this last part that Heather said, and he knew that Heather and Ashley were ganging up on Talia. 
When they realized that Travis was approaching them, Ashley and Heather stepped away. 
"What's going on here?", Travis asked. 
"Nothing.", Ashley was quick to respond. "We thought that Lia might be someone important, but we made a mistake." 
And with that, Ashley and Heather turned on their heels and left. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 187 - Gideon
"Are you OK?", Travis asked Talia when Ashley and Heather were out of the earshot. 
Talia nodded, but her expression was not good. 
She wanted to retaliate and to tell those two women that they were wrong, but somehow… everything they said sounded right. Maybe that was a reality check she needed. 
The truth was that Talia didn't know, what is she to Damon? A nobody? A pet? He called her so many names, from Mrs. Blake to kitten, and Talia didn't know if any of those would last. 
Did he mean it, or was that just sweet-talk with a purpose to trick her? 
From the beginning, Talia knew Damon as a moody Alpha. He would do what he wanted, when he wanted, with whom he wanted… and that included sleeping around. 
Talia was dejected at the thought that Damon slept with those two… Ashley and Heather. Is there a girl who didn't spread her legs for him? But who was Talia to judge them when she was the same? 
Talia hoped that maybe, just maybe, she started figuring him out, but maybe she was wrong. How could someone like her, uneducated, ignorant, and without background, be comparable to Damon? 
She had fun at the party, and she was confident that the magic will last, but it was broken, and the reality reminded her that she can't take care of herself and that she was brave only when Damon was by her side. She was useless. 
Travis touched Talia's chin, making her look up at him, and he said, "I don't know what that was about, but you shouldn't concern yourself with people who don't have better things to do than to poke their noses where it doesn't belong." 
Talia looked at Travis and she observed his genuinely worried expression. It reminded her of Olivia. 
When Talia was sad, Olivia would give her a comforting hug, but Talia knew that this was not Olivia and that even if Travis gave her a hug, it wouldn't solve anything because this was not his problem to solve. 
Or maybe Travis's concern was not genuine. Maybe Talia had a problem of seeing things she wanted to see, and everyone was laughing behind her back because a nobody like her dared to stand next to Damon, like she was important. 
Talia's heart tightened with every next thought, and it was difficult to breathe. 
She felt her eyes prickling and she knew that tears were coming, but she didn't want to cry here, in front of the library, for Doctor Travis and who-knows-who to see. 
"I am sorry for making you come here, Doctor Travis", Talia said. "I apologize for wasting your time, but I don't feel like picking a book right now. I would like to be alone." 
Travis helplessly watched Talia as she swiftly disappeared between the buildings. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia thought that she might burst into crying, but she didn't. 
She walked through the forest absentmindedly, and she lost track of time. 
Talia knew that she should think about what to do next because just wandering aimlessly was stupid, but her mind was muddled with indistinct thoughts, and she just let it be. 
She was emotionally numb, and this was not the first time. Talia knew this feeling because she would go there wherever the reality was too hard to bear. It was her way of shielding herself until the storm passes. 
Eventually, this will stop, and she will be able to think again. 
After an unknown measure of time, Talia emerged on a meadow that was full of wildflowers. She took a deep breath, allowing a mix of scents to enter her system, and then she sat on the ground, leaning her back on a tall rock. 
Talia wondered, what was she doing? Why was she here in this meadow instead of going to the packhouse? But somehow… that packhouse didn't feel like home. 
Can she be near Damon and not fall apart every time she remembers that she was nothing special to him? 
Yes, Damon said that he gave her many of his firsts but how can Talia believe those words when Damon slept with nearly every young woman she met? 
If she thinks about this rationally, the best thing would be to cut her ties with him and stop this madness before it spirals even further. 
Should she move to live in one of the buildings with Omegas? 
However, staying in the Dark Howlers pack without being with Damon sounded impossible and she started going over her plans which she put on pause not so long ago… plans for her independence and leaving. 
Her heart ached at the thought of leaving, but what were her options? 
Talia told herself many times to enjoy this patch of happiness while it lasts, but how can she enjoy the moment of sunshine while clouds are gathering from all directions? 
Damon was like sunshine. Warm, soothing, hot, and steamy, and she really missed his scent of the forest and the dark chocolate that was impossible to forget. 
Talia was happy when Damon's attention was on her and his embrace had an effect of calming her personal demons, but these moments, like the one with Ashley and Heather, were unbearable. 
The higher she flew with Damon, the harder she would fall every time she realized that every moment she cherishes was nothing special for him. 
Talia told herself that she is stupid. She was not supposed to fall for Damon. She repeated in an endless loop that being close to him won't bring anything good and now… she was lost, unsure what to do, because no matter what she did, it looked like a path to disaster. 
Her eyes widened when she realized that a pair of worn-out slippers was in front of her, and she looked up in slow-motion to see an older man with a frown looking down at her. 
Talia scrambled to her feet, and she wanted to go backward and put some distance between the man and herself, but there was that blasted rock, and she was not sure if she can jump over it without tripping. 
How did he get so close without her noticing? How could she be so distracted and not realize that a stranger got so close to her? 
Talia nervously glanced left and right, and she confirmed that there was no one else. 
It was just her and this older man whose sun-kissed skin told her that he spends a lot of time outdoors. But his trousers and t-shirt were neat and clean, and he didn't look like a wanderer. Actually, if not for his frown, she would think of him as a scholarly wise man. 
"Why are you here?", he asked. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line and hugged her purse tightly against her chest. She couldn't come up with a lie about why she was there, and she didn't want to tell him the truth either. 
"Don't worry", he said. "If I wanted to hurt you, I would do it the moment you stepped into my garden." 
Talia's eyebrows shoot up. "Garden?" It was obviously a meadow with wildflowers. 
He hummed and gestured while talking, "That's the area with chamomile, there is echinacea, feverfew, behind it is goldenseal…" 
Talia realized he was right, but it still looked random for a garden. She just assumed that flowers grew there on their own because there was no landscaping or a fence she could see. 
"…thistle, and there is…" He stopped talking when Talia's stomach rumbled. 
Talia was embarrassed. Normally, skipping a meal or two was no big deal, but lately, she was eating well and now that she skipped lunch, her stomach was protesting. Loudly. 
He let out a long breath. "My house is behind those trees. How about you follow me, and I give you something to eat?" 
Seeing that Talia didn't move, he made a face. "I told you already. If I wanted to hurt you, I would do it a while ago. Come with me or stay here. It's your choice. Actually, if you are going to reject my offer for food, I will appreciate it if you get out of my garden." 
Talia looked at his retreating back and wondered if she should go after him. 
She concluded that he is definitely from the Dark Howlers pack. After all, she didn't walk that far and since he has a home here… Her stomach rumbled again, and her legs moved to follow after the man. She was hungry. 
Talia thought how it was silly to be defensive because he is probably a werewolf, and he could catch her and snap her into two without blinking. 
… 
It was a small and cozy cabin-like home with one open area that had a kitchen, a dining table for four people, and a sitting area with a sofa and two chairs. On the right, there were two closed doors for which Talia guessed are bedroom and bathroom. 
Talia inhaled scents of lavender and basil, and there were also mint and several other plants that mixed together into something sweet and soothing. 
The man put on the table bread, yogurt, cherry tomatoes, and a plate with sliced smoked meat. 
He gestured for her to sit with the question, "Tea?" 
"Yes, please." She would take anything. Talia looked at the food and swallowed the saliva that pooled into her mouth. 
"Thank you for the food.", she said. 
"You are far from Darkbourne." 
"How do you know I came from there?" 
"Humans who wander in this area on foot would have backpacks with food and drinks, yet you have a skinny purse.", he responded, and Talia thought how that made sense. "You didn't answer my question, why were you in my garden?" 
"I wanted some time for myself, so I started walking. The forest is peaceful and… I didn't mean to trespass into your garden. My name is Talia." 
"Talia", he repeated. "You can call me Gideon." 
--- 
Gideon, the Shaman of the Dark Howlers pack. You can see his pic in the comments. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 188 - Finding Talia [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
--- 
Damon rushed into the packhouse. 
He cursed internally that so many things piled up and he lost track of time. 
If he knew it will take this long, he would wake up Talia in the morning and ask her to accompany him for the day. 
When the news of the patrol having a skirmish with rogues on their South border woke him up, Damon decided to let Talia sleep with a plan to check the situation quickly and return before she notices his absence. After everything they did last night, she needed rest. 
The issue at the border was a matter Caden would look into, but since Caden was not here, Damon had to go. 
When he reached there, Damon became aware of several other issues that waited for Caden (or him), and Damon thought it will be done quickly, but then three generals appeared, each with their own items on the agenda and Damon wanted to dismiss them, but he could see that those were not trivial issues and he felt guilty for neglecting his duties lately, so he texted Talia to go ahead and have lunch without him. 
Damon was missing Talia like crazy and he couldn't wait to wrap her into his arms and inhale her addictive citrusy sweet scent of freesia, and his impatience morphed into anxiety when he didn't find her downstairs or in their bedroom. 
'Steph! Maya!', Damon called through the mind link. 'Where is Talia?' 
'I didn't see her today.', Maya responded first. 
'Same here.', Stephanie said before adding, 'I don't think she had lunch at the packhouse.' 
She skipped lunch? Damon thought that Talia might be immersed in reading the book Travis gave her. She would sit on the sofa in the study to read it, so Damon headed there. 
Talia was not in the study, but he found a note that she went to the pack hospital. 
Talia left the note that morning after confirming that Travis will see her. She thought that Damon might return while she was away, and she didn't want Damon to worry. 
Damon mind-linked Travis, 'Did you see Talia today?' 
'Yes, she was in my office this morning for a checkup, and I met with her in front of the library earlier this afternoon.' 
Damon released the breath he was holding along with some of his anxiousness. 'So, is Talia in the library?' 
'No, how much I know, she didn't get in.' 
Damon didn't get it. 'What?' 
'I was supposed to meet with Talia and help her get her next book, but when I reached there Talia was being bullied by two she-wolves. I chased them away, but Talia was upset, and she wanted to be alone.' 
Damon's mood was set back to maximum anxiousness. 'Where is she now?' 
'I don't know.' 
'What do you mean, you don't know!?', Damon growled into the mind-link. 
Travis was exasperated. Was he supposed to babysit Talia? 'Talia is a grownup and she said she wanted to be alone. What did you expect me to do? Stop her or stalk her?' 
Damon cursed loudly and cut off the mind-link. Now what? 
It took him a moment to remember his phone and the GPS tracking. 
A dot representing Talia was shown in the middle of nowhere but then… that was not nowhere. Damon knew exactly who lived in that area. 
He tried calling Talia, but she didn't pick up and Damon remembered that she would keep her phone on silent. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia's phone was in her purse, on silent, and she was not aware that Damon was calling. Even if she knew, Talia wouldn't pick up because she was not over the incident with Ashley and Heather, and she was busy with other stuff. 
During her meal, Talia realized that she was talking with Gideon, the Shaman of the Dark Howlers pack, the same person Doctor Travis said Talia should talk to. 
But Doctor Travis also said that Talia should check with Damon if it's OK to talk to the Shaman. 
Did she really need Damon's permission to talk to people? Talia thought how that was unreasonable. 
Damon was definitely going places and talking to people, and probably doing much more than just talking (if the person in his vicinity was an attractive female), and Damon never asked for Talia's permission. Why would she ask for his? 
The more Talia thought about this, the more vexed she was. 
She understood that she shouldn't reveal to Gideon that her wolf can talk. That seemed to be a big secret, but for the rest, she didn't think there was a need to hide. 
Besides, this was about her health and maybe getting her wolf back. Damon had no say in it. 
Once her belly was full and she was sipping warm lavender tea, Talia decided to ask, "I was wondering if you can help me with my wolf." 
Gideon's lips lifted into a smirk. "Why do you think I can help you?" 
Talia thought that maybe this is some other Gideon. Did she get the wrong person? "Aren't you the Shaman of the Dark Howlers pack?" 
"I am.", he confirmed. "But, are you sure you want my help?" 
"Is some payment required?", Talia guessed. 
Gideon waved his hand, indicating how that's not the case. "Not many come to me, at least not openly." 
Talia didn't get it. Shouldn't a Shaman be one of the core people in the pack? "Why?" 
"Some time ago, I had a… conflict with the current Alpha. Since then, people are avoiding me." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line while thinking about what to do with that information. 
"Your conflict with Damon has nothing to do with me. I need help and the only question is if you are willing to help me." 
Gideon was surprised that Talia addressed Damon without his title. He liked Talia's spirit. "Alright. What's the problem with your wolf?" 
"Until several years back, I could feel her but then… I couldn't. At that time, I thought that she disappeared for good, but then Doctor Travis told me that my sight and vision are above what humans have and that my wolf is still inside me. Doctor Travis said that there is a chance to get my wolf back. I should eat well and exercise to improve my body, and also take care of my mental health and since you are an expert in spiritual stuff…" 
"Is that why you trespassed in my garden?", Gideon interrupted her. 
"No, no", Talia said with haste. "That was an accident. I wanted to find a way to contact you and schedule an appointment, but since I already wandered in your garden, I thought that it's OK to talk about my… issue. Is it OK?" 
Gideon nodded faintly. "The Moon Goddess is guiding her children to find what they need." 
Talia had no idea what he was talking about, but she agreed earnestly. Anything was better than the version where Talia sneaked into his garden with an ulterior motive. 
Gideon made a thoughtful face. He could tell right away that Talia was not a member of the Dark Howlers pack, and she smelled like a werewolf, but he didn't know that she can't reach her wolf. 
"Wolves are spiritual beings, and their presence can diminish when the body is weak or when the mind is." 
"I am exercising and eating well…" 
Gideon shook his head in disagreement. "I found you in my garden and you were hungry. How is that eating well?" 
Talia pursed her lips. "That was just today. Besides, until a few weeks ago, I would go the whole day and sometimes two days without food." She saw Gideon frowning and she didn't want to continue talking about her past. "Can you tell me more about a weak mind? How do I know if I'm a weak-minded person? How do I fix it?" 
"Not necessarily weak-minded.", he said. Talia was looking at him straight into eyes and that was not a trait of someone who doesn't have a strong will. She was definitely not an Omega. 
"Think of it as… suppressed. When a werewolf suppresses his or her nature, it is our wolf who takes the burn of it. Is there something you really want, yet you are denying yourself?" 
Talia's brows came together. Something she really wants? She wants to be Cinderella and that Damon is her prince and that the two of them can have their happily ever after, but that is just romantic gibberish that will never come true so it can't be it. Besides, her wolf was gone years before she met the moody Alpha so… 
'BAM! … CRASH!' 
Both Talia and Gideon jumped on their feet when the front door of Gideon's house was slammed open out of its hinges and it crashed on the floor, raising a small cloud of dust around it. 
Talia gaped at Damon who was standing at the door while spreading an icy aura all around him. 
Damon made a step toward the duo and Gideon stood in front of Talia defensively. 
Gideon had no idea why Damon was in his house, but it was obvious that Damon was angry, and Gideon didn't want Talia to take the burn of Damon's anger. 
Seeing that Gideon was blocking Talia from him, Damon's fury flared. 
"You want to take her away from me?", Damon growled. 
Without thinking, Talia moved to stand in front of Gideon. 
"He is not taking anyone. I came here, and he was nice enough to…" 
"Nice!?", Damon squeezed through his teeth. "Tell me… why do every time you leave my sight I find you with some guys sticking to you?" 
"No one is sticking to me.", Talia said bravely, fueled by her indignation. Why did Damon barge in here and act like he owns the place? And he broke the door! 
"If you use your eyes instead of your ego, you will see the situation for what it is. Be reasonable and… AAAHHH!" Talia screamed when Damon grabbed her and hoisted her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. 
She wiggled and punched his back and then… 
'SLAP!' 
"Awww…", Talia cried when Damon smacked her butt. 
She wanted to protest, but the stinging pain radiated and morphed into arousal and Talia silently cursed herself for enjoying being manhandled by Damon. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Gideon before grabbing Talia's purse and walking out without a word. 
Gideon stared at the hole where his door used to stand, and he was processing events from the last minute which confirmed that Talia is not a simple person. Not only because Alpha Damon came personally for her, or because he was possessive, but because she stood in front of the Alpha and talked back without flinching under Alpha's aura that made Gideon break into a cold sweat. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 189 - Things Are Not Working [Bonus ]
"Let me down!", Talia protested only to be met with Damon's silence in response as he carried her through the forest over his shoulder like she was a sack of potatoes with her head sticking to his muscular back. 
Talia wanted to push herself away from Damon's back, but her arms ran out of strength five minutes ago and she wondered, how can he walk while carrying her like she weighs nothing? But then... Damon was an impressive bundle of muscles that smelled of the forest and the dark chocolate and... Talia told herself to snap out of it. This was not the time to succumb to Damon's charms! 
"You can't do this!", Talia hissed and started wiggling. 
'SLAP!' 
After the slap, Damon's hand lingered a bit on her behind and Talia bit her lip, refusing to let him know that it hurt or that she wanted him to keep that hand there a bit longer. 
Talia took a few deep breaths to calm down and then she spoke, "Come on, Damon. Let me down. I can walk." 
Silence. 
"Are you going to ignore me!?" Talia punched his back. 
"Aww…", she cried softly because her hand hurt now. How can a man be so hard? 
"This is ridiculous! Let me go!" 
She started wiggling her legs again. 
'SLAP!' 
Why was his hand still on her butt? Did he just give her a squeeze? And why did she like it, damn it!? 
Talia plopped limply against him and started sobbing silently. More from frustration than from pain. 
When did her brain get rewired and she was enjoying this barbaric treatment? Did she develop masochistic tendencies? 
Damon stopped walking. "Are you OK?" 
"How can I be OK when you are carrying me like this and spanking whenever I say something?" 
In one swift move, Damon flipped her, and Talia found herself in his arms, this time being carried princess style, and he continued walking. 
"I spank you when you squirm haphazardly.", Damon said. "Do you want me to drop you and you break your neck?" 
Talia pouted and crossed her arms over her chest in order to prevent herself to act on an urge to put her arms around his neck. He was NOT getting any hugs! 
"Can we talk?", she asked. 
She could see the muscles of his jaw tensing before he responded, "When we reach home." 
That was a no, for now. 
Talia didn't know where they were, but she guessed that the packhouse can't be far. He said that they will talk when they get home, and he had no intention of letting her walk on her own, so she decided to wait. 
Rays of the sunset sneaked between the trees and danced over his handsome face, creating mesmerizing shadows as he walked, and Talia couldn't stop herself from staring. 
The longer she looked at him, the more entranced she became. Every curve of his face was flawless, just like the rest of his body. How can a man be so beautiful? 
Little by little, Talia forgot about her grievances. Damon's proximity cast a spell on her where she couldn't worry about anything and anyone beyond their imaginary bubble that was big enough only for the two of them to fit. 
A small smirk at the edge of Damon's lips told her that he knew she was admiring his features silently, and she didn't realize at what point she relaxed against him. 
As for Damon, he was anxious that Talia was missing, and furious when he found her with Gideon, but now that she was in his arms, Damon forgot why he was angry. Talia's proximity came with her addictive sweet citrusy scent of freesia and the delightful sparks danced over his skin, and he was happy. 
He wished that this walk with Talia in his arms, through the forest, into the sunset, lasts forever. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the packhouse… 
The sounds of utensils clanking from the kitchen told Talia that dinner preparation was in progress which meant that Stephanie, Zina, and Dawn were there. Talia hoped that none of them will peek out to see the scene of Damon carrying her in his arms. 
Only when Damon closed the bedroom door behind them did Talia release the breath she was holding. 
Normally, Talia would relax the moment she reached the third floor of the packhouse, but since the incident with Rosa, she was aware that no place provides privacy. 
Feeling the ground under her feet after a long time, Talia was unstable for a moment, and Damon was quick to support her by holding onto her shoulders. 
"How are you doing?", Damon asked while inspecting her visually. "Any injuries?" 
Talia's expression hardened. "What injuries? Other than you smacking my butt, there is nothing else." 
"Is it aching?" 
"Yes!" 
It didn't really hurt much, but she wanted to make him feel guilty about spanking her. Why did his eyes light up with mischief? 
Damon licked his lips slowly. "Let me see." 
Talia stepped away from him. "No." 
"If I caused you pain, I have the right to fix it.", Damon said matter-of-factly. 
Talia was aware of the effect Damon's proximity had on her. She would lose all reasoning and forget grievances and if she ends up butt naked so that he can inspect the so-called injury, there won't be much talking involved. 
Damon made a step toward Talia, and she extended her arms in front of her defensively. 
"Stay there. We need to talk." 
Damon puffed his cheeks when he realized that undressing Talia will come later. "OK. Talk." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line and steeled her resolve. 
Yes, he is handsome and smells good and she is absolutely smitten with him but that's exactly why she needs to think and do what's best for her because no one else will. 
Talia remembered Ashley and Heather at the town square and their hurtful words… and Rosa snooping with her malicious gaze… and Marcy and Nora at the party with their condescending attitudes… and how Damon violently broke the door of the shaman's house without any warning… and Talia swallowed a mouthful of air before forcing out of her mouth, "This… is not working." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "What's not working?" 
"This. Us. Me staying here…" 
A wave of dizziness hit Damon and he didn't hear Talia's next few words. 
"What did you say?", he asked while feeling that the ground below his feet was crumbling. 
She didn't have the strength to say it again. Somehow, her anguish intensified. "You heard me." 
"You want to move out? Where to?", Damon's words were dripping with disbelief, mostly because he could feel Talia's emotions and how everything she said went against what she truly wanted. 
"I was thinking to stay with Omegas until I figure out where to go next.", Talia responded honestly. 
The hell you are! 
Damon's expression worsened when he realized that she is not only planning to leave the packhouse but the pack itself. "Why?" 
Talia released a long breath. "Look, Damon, I am grateful for everything you did for me. I really am." 
"And that's why you want to leave me?", he interrupted her. "You said that you won't leave!" 
"Is this what you see as payment? You got a nobody from an attic and gave me a roof over my head and now I need to serve you until the debt is repaid? For how long?" 
Damon was not sure if he heard her right. "What!? No!" 
Talia ignored his words and continued, "People talk about me as a nobody who is latching onto you while you see me as a pet, the latest entertainment. I know you had many women before and just how you discarded them, you will do the same with me when…" 
"STOP!", Damon shouted and grabbed her shoulders. "Where did you get that? Who are those people!?" 
"Everyone!", Talia shouted back while jerking out of his hold. "Maybe you don't hear what they are saying, but I do. You want to know who they are!? It's the Omega who cleans the packhouse and the vendor at the town square and the nurse in the hospital. Everyone!" 
Talia released a shaky breath and lowered her head, her next words were barely above a whisper, "I am no one and I don't have anything, but I still have my pride and I won't allow you to trample over it." 
Damon was at loss for words. 
He had no idea what caused this outburst. Talia said how she wanted to leave him and… he remembered that Travis told him that Talia was bullied by two women. 
They were doing fine, they were making progress, and he will be damned if he allows some unknown wenches to separate him from his mate! 
Damon's eyes flashed with murderous intent. 
He was focused on Talia and didn't think much about she-wolves like Cassie and Marcy, and he definitely didn't think about some random women who were present in his life just long enough to scratch his itch once, and he had a feeling that those two women who bullied Talia in the town square, belong to the latter group. 
Damon's eyes lost focus as he mind-linked Maya, 'Maya, two women approached Talia this afternoon at the town square, and they bullied her to the point of Talia wanting to leave. I need you to find out who they are.' 
'Yes, Alpha', Maya responded right away. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 190 - Plan For Dealing With Elders
'We need to talk. Some Elders want to see you.', Maya said before Damon closed the mind-link. 
Maya wanted to discuss this during their regular sync-up after dinner, but since they were already talking, she decided to bring this up. It was important. 
Damon pressed his lips into a line. Elders want to talk to him? 
Elders are senior people whose previous service to the pack earned them a title of an Elder. They are not ready to retire and still want to serve the pack by guiding younger generations. They would normally have roles as advisors to the Alpha and manage issues within the pack for which Alpha shouldn't bother with. 
Once Damon took over as the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, he removed Elders as his advisors because he suspected that some of them were involved with the death of his parents, and also because they wanted to manipulate him. 
Damon hated their condescending attitudes. Yes, Damon was much younger than they were, but he was still their Alpha! The only thing that saved their necks was that his parents respected them. 
He let them handle minor issues within the pack because stripping them of their positions completely would give them a lot of free time on their hands (probably to cause trouble for Damon) and it would also add to Damon's workload dealing with things like determining punishment for a guy who broke into the bakery on the main street of Darkbourne after the Summer Solstice festival. 
Elders wanting to talk to Damon, meant nothing good and Damon didn't want to meet with them, but he still needed to understand the situation. 
'I will be in the study in a few minutes.', Damon told Maya before shutting down the mind-link. 
"Come with me.", Damon said to Talia. 
Talia looked at Damon apprehensively. She just said some unpleasant things… or were they unpleasant to him? What if he wanted to get rid of her? That thought hurt, but it would make things easier. 
"Where?", she asked. 
"To the study. You are my assistant. There is work that I need to handle, and you should assist me." Damon ended by gesturing toward the door of the bedroom. 
Talia walked out and he was one step behind her. 
Damon had no intention of leaving Talia out of his visual range. 
She wanted to leave? That's not happening. 
Some people dared to talk rubbish? He will find them and teach them a lesson. 
Damon didn't want to force Talia to stay by his side, knowing that she has an uncanny ability to escape his grasp. If he pushes too much, she can give him a slip when he is not paying attention. 
But how can he make her stay with him? He needed some time to figure out how to deal with this. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maya entered the study, and it was obvious that she was dispirited. Her cheeks were sunken and her always-present smile was not there. She was missing Caden. 
Maya paused when she saw Talia standing in attention next to Damon. 
'We should talk in private', Maya told Damon through the mind-link. 
Damon waved, indicating how that's not happening. There was no way he will leave Talia out of his sight. 
"Whatever you have to say, Talia can hear it.", Damon said aloud. 
He wanted Talia to know about ins and outs of the pack and the matters he was dealing with daily. She will need that, as his future Luna. 
Maya cleared her throat. "As I said before, Elders want to see you." 
"Which ones?" 
"Elder Charlie and Elder Samson", Maya responded. 
"Did they say why?" 
"No, but I have a guess.", Maya said while putting the latest edition of WW Magazine on Damon's desk. "We all know that those two Elders are close to Elder Parker, and considering the coverage you and Talia got in this magazine, and the timing… We should assume that this will be related to you and Marcy from the Red Moon pack." 
Damon's brows came together. "Anything from our people in Europe?" 
Maya shook her head. "Nothing yet." 
Damon was irked. How come they can't find any dirt on Marcy? But he didn't have the luxury to vent because he was running out of time. 
This also reminded him that Marcy was only days away from coming to the Dark Howlers pack unless he finds something solid to deter her. 
Talia could see that both Damon and Maya were worried about this. 
"I'm sorry for causing you trouble.", Talia said in a small voice. 
"Yes, when you wander alone, you get me worried.", Damon responded without looking at her. 
"That's not what I meant.", Talia said, and Damon turned to look at her questionably. 
She pointed at the magazine. "If I didn't go with you, this wouldn't happen, so…" 
Damon stared into Talia's honeyed eyes that looked at him with sincerity and he got an idea. 
"Yes, you caused me trouble. Will you take responsibility for it and help me fix it?", Damon asked. 
Talia didn't know what he was getting at, but how could she refuse? "Sure." 
Damon's lips curved into a smile, and he told Maya, "Tell them to come tomorrow morning. I will give them an explanation." 
Knowing Damon's explosive personality, Maya feared that he will put those two Elders into the dungeon, or maybe kill them and make it look like an accident. 
Maya was afraid to ask, but she had to, "What explanation?" 
"They are Elders of the Dark Howlers pack. They are putting the needs of our pack first." Damon waited for Maya to nod in agreement before continuing, "I need to prove that no matter what benefits Alpha Edward or Elder Parker offered them, Marcy from the Red Moon pack is not the best choice to be my Luna." 
Maya was suspicious. Did Damon actually have a plan? But Damon is not the guy who comes up with schemes and plots. Damon is straightforward and he says what's on his mind, and when facing opposition, he would settle it with a fight. Did he plan to beat up two Elders? 
"How will you prove it?", Maya asked. 
Damon smiled smugly, obviously pleased with his idea. "No one is more suitable to be the Luna than Alpha's fated mate. Those Elders won't dare go against the will of the Moon Goddess. Actually, this might make them resist Elder Parker's advances to set me up with Marcy." 
Maya glanced at Talia. Were they ready to reveal the secret? But based on Talia's expression, it seemed that Talia didn't know what Damon was getting at, so Maya needed to clarify. 
"You will tell them that you found your fated mate?" 
Damon confirmed with a nod. "That will shut them up." 
Talia shifted on her feet. How come Damon found his mate, and he didn't tell her? If he had his mate, why did he go to the party with Talia? Or did he find his mate today while they were apart? But then… why was Maya looking at her? And Damon was looking at her also and… Talia realized something. 
"Are you talking about me?", Talia asked as panic swelled inside her. "I can't be your mate." 
Damon puffed his cheeks and before Talia could react he pulled her to sit on his lap. "There is no one better than you for that role." 
Talia was flustered. She was sitting on Damon's lap right in front of Maya! And Damon was talking some nonsense about mates. 
"They will see right through that lie. Everyone will. I can't do that." 
"Didn't you say that you will help me?", Damon asked. 
Well, she said that but… "I did, but…" 
Damon put his index finger on Talia's lips, preventing her from talking further. He didn't want to hear any buts. 
"Don't overthink it. The only thing you need to convince them is that you are madly in love with me. You can do that, right?" 
Talia stared into his icy-blue eyes, and she was unable to look away. 
Did he say that she needs to convince someone how she is madly in love with him? And he was confident that she can do it. 
Talia's chin trembled. He knew. He knew that she was totally, irrevocably, ardently, in love with him. 
Without removing his gaze from Talia, Damon waved at Maya to leave the office with, "Tell Caden to return as soon as possible. We have a situation here and you will deal later with any work that is still pending. If he can be here by morning, that would be perfect." 
Maya quickly scurried out of the office, before Damon could change his mind about Caden returning to the pack. She missed her mate immensely and she couldn't wait to have him in the touching distance again. 
Back in the office… 
Damon cupped Talia's cheek with his palm. "What do you say, kitten? Will you do that for me?" 
"Do, what?", Talia asked in a shaky whisper. 
Talia was sitting on Damon's lap and with Maya gone, suddenly she became aware of how close she was to Damon. 
"I need to hear your answer. Will you be my Luna? Will you be my mate?", Damon's words splashed against Talia's lips, bringing her an extra dose of the dark chocolate she craved for. 
"For tomorrow?" 
"And longer. Much longer.", he said, and before Talia completed her nod, Damon's lips landed on hers with urgency. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 191 - A Private Talk With Maya
Damon and Talia came to the dining room with Damon's arm wrapped around Talia's waist tightly, and during their meal, he didn't let go of her hand. 
Talia's words that things are not working and that she wanted to leave were still fresh in Damon's mind, and he feared that she will leave him. He needed her touch that comes with sparks of their bond to assure him that she was there, next to him. 
Yes, Talia agreed to stick around and step in front of Elders as his mate and future Luna, but she agreed to many things before and based on her behavior, Damon concluded that unless she can feel their bond, no matter what he says or does won't make a difference. 
When Talia feels threatened or at disadvantage, she might leave. He assumed that by creating connections to the Dark Howlers pack, she will be reluctant to leave even if something bad happens, but it seemed that was not the case. That thought was eating him alive. 
Damon is not a guy who will beat around the bush. He never was. Damon told Talia about his intentions and feelings openly, but her insecurities prevented her from believing in his words. 
He really wished for a magic potion that will awaken her wolf. Only with her wolf, Talia could feel the bond and nervous knots in Damon's stomach would resolve. 
For dinner, at the table were just Damon, Talia, and Maya. 
Stephanie brought food to Lisa, and they were in Lisa's room. 
Talia and Lisa didn't meet yet, and Talia wondered when will Lisa come out of her seclusion. Talia was anxious about meeting Lisa, fearing that Lisa will dislike Talia because Talia and Kalina are friends (it said so in the WW Magazine). 
For the duration of dinner, Maya was in a visibly better mood. At some point, she announced, "Caden will arrive here by 2 o'clock in the morning." 
"Maya", Talia called. "Can we have a word after dinner?" 
"Sure.", Maya responded right away before remembering, "I have sync up with the Alpha after dinner. Can we talk after that?" 
"Of course", Talia agreed. "Work comes first. Let me know when you are done and…" 
"You will join us for the sync up.", Damon interrupted Talia. Did she think he will let her out of his sight after the scare she gave him before? 
"Actually, it's just the three of us here, so you can go ahead.", Damon told Maya. 
Maya's updates were brief, mostly about two families of refugees that arrived recently. 
Talia realized that the Dark Howlers pack has detailed plans related to settling the new pack members. 
Every refugee family had several neighbors who would help them navigate in the new environment, to find necessities, and that they are socially accepted. Other than that, locals would also watch for any suspicious behavior. 
It's not that Damon was accepting refugees without any benefits for him. For a werewolf community, the more people they have, the better, as each individual has its own skills and strengths. 
Unfortunately, there was always a risk that they were spies or with bad intentions, and that's why for the first few months, everyone would stay vigilant while being careful not to alert the newcomers of the fact that they were being watched. 
It's a delicate balance, and families who were interacting with refugees had special training before taking over those duties. 
The more Talia listened, the more she admired the complexity of everything and the man who is behind it all. She knew that Damon is a great Alpha, but this added another dazzle to his brilliance. 
Damon had an option to refuse them, yet he went to the lengths of giving them a chance while assuring they are not a threat to his pack. 
After dinner, Talia and Maya went to Maya's room. 
Damon was not happy about losing Talia from his visual range, but Talia said that she wanted to talk to Maya in private, so he gave in. 
'Watch what you say', Damon warned Maya through the mind-link. 
'I will.' 
'Don't let her escape through the window.' 
Maya was not sure how to respond to this. Why would Talia escape through the window? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"I am impressed with the attention you give to refugees. I'm sure that they are grateful to be here.", Talia said when it was just her and Maya. 
"Many people are involved.", Maya said. "It would be much easier if we could accept them without keeping our guards up, but you never know what someone is hiding behind a smile." 
"Are refugees with bad intentions frequent?" 
Maya shook her head. "Not really. But once scalded, you will be afraid of warm water. Luckily, most of them are just looking for a better place to live." 
"Like me.", Talia said. 
Maya gave Talia a thoughtful look. "I admire your decision to leave the Red Moon pack. When people are ostracized for a long time, they get used to it, and it's not easy to leave, no matter how bad it is. Especially abused women who were raised to believe how that's normal. But whoever comes here, soon realizes how suppressed they were by others' negativity. It's rewarding to see scared kids transform into a lively bunch at the playground. Grownups also find interests they didn't think about before. It's like they become different people. I love to see them smile." 
Talia's mind focused on one word Maya said. Suppressed. That's what shaman Gideon said when discussing Talia's wolf. 
"I assume there is a reason why you wanted to talk to me in private.", Maya reminded Talia. 
As much as Maya would love to chat with Talia, Maya was aware that an antsy Alpha was in the hallway. Was he eavesdropping? Probably. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line while thinking about her predicament. 
"Elders will come, and I don't know what to do.", Talia said eventually. 
"What's the problem?" 
"I am reserved, and a future Luna should be outspoken." 
Maya cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "How many Lunas did you get to observe?" 
Talia didn't need to think about the answer. "Luna Layla from the Red Moon pack." 
Maya shook her head helplessly at the silly girl. "There is no handbook for a perfect Luna, Talia. But here is the thing… as a Luna, you are in a position to create your own rules. Do what feels natural. Will you dress up fancily, or sportish, will you be sophisticated or rowdy, no matter what you do, people will judge you. It will be up to your attitude if they will dare to judge you openly. I've met many Lunas and no two were the same, so you need to be yourself." 
Talia thought how that's easier said than done. 
Maya saw that Talia's expression was not good, so she added. "Besides, don't use Luna Layla as an example of a good Luna." 
Talia thought that she just heard something important. "Why?" 
Maya lowered her voice. "The word is that Luna Layla and Alpha Edward are not fated mates." 
Talia was not sure what to do with this information. "And that is important because…?" Talia hoped that Maya will fill in the gaps. 
"Union between Luna Layla and Alpha Edward allowed for the Red Moon pack to grow. Her family doesn't have an Alpha bloodline, but they were influential. She didn't become Luna because of her love for Alpha Edward or because she is a natural leader, but because of benefits. Their lavish lifestyle proves it." 
"Would it be different if Luna Layla and Alpha Edward are fated mates?" 
Maya shrugged. "Who knows? But the point is that if Alpha Edward didn't eye her dowry, she wouldn't be his Luna. Fated mates can influence each other, and Alpha and Luna should take care of their pack. You grew up there, so you know first-hand how they treat their pack members." 
Talia remembered how in the Red Moon pack they prefer warriors while Omegas are invisible. In the Red Moon pack, people get benefits if they can contribute to the strength and luxury of the pack, and others are not important. A good Luna wouldn't allow for such a treatment of her pack members just because they don't have the strength or some other skill that's useful on the battlefield or for impressing guests. 
Talia had another concern. "Damon said that he will introduce me to Elders as his mate. How do I act the part?" 
"Just do what you normally do when Damon and you are alone.", Maya said and burst into giggles when she saw that Talia blushed profusely. "I can see how he is holding you, Talia. You like it, don't you?" 
Talia didn't deny it. "But it's not appropriate in front of Elders." 
"Pft!" Maya waved her hand, indicating that Elders are not important. "Appropriate is something you see in movies. Werewolves don't practice restraint. For us, love is sizzling, wild, and unrestrained. The only thing on your mind is your partner, his scent, his flavor, how good it feels when he is inside you, and you don't care who is watching." 
Talia was flustered. Was Maya telling her to be frisky with Damon in front of Elders? 
"Does it feel good?", Maya asked, and Talia blinked in confusion. 
"When he holds you.", Maya clarified. 
Talia nodded. 
"There you go, dear. If you feel good, go for it. Don't hold back on being with him, no matter who is watching. Whenever I suppress my urge to touch Caden, my wolf is protesting, and I can feel her agony…" 
Talia paused. There was that word 'suppress' again. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 192 - Like Two Ordinary People [Bonus ]
Damon was standing in the hallway and eavesdropping on the conversation between Talia and Maya with his ear pressed against the door of Maya's room. 
Why was it taking so long? 
Everything Maya said was right, but based on previous experiences, Damon concluded that Talia's reactions are unpredictable, and he didn't pick up any distinct good or bad emotions from Talia through the mate bond, so he was restless. 
When he heard Talia thanking Maya and exchanging good night wishes, Damon quickly took a few steps back and leaned his shoulder on the wall. 
Damon stuffed his hands in the pockets of his jeans while hoping that his pose was cool enough. 
He didn't want to appear desperate. 
Alphas don't do desperate. 
Talia stepped into the hallway and paused when she saw Damon. 
She didn't think that he would wait for her. 
Her eyes moved over his form, and she was very familiar with the perfect landscape his muscles are forming under those clothes. How can a man be so sexy by just standing there? 
Their gazes met, and Talia's heart skipped a beat. 
His icy-blue eyes were full of yearning and silenced desires and somehow, she knew that he was waiting for her to make a move. 
What did she want to do? 
Talia remembered Maya's words about how when werewolves love, it's without restraint, sizzling, wild, and those were emotions Damon invoked in her. 
Was there a need to suppress any of those? 
Damon already knew she was in love with him. Hiding it was impossible and denying it would be in vain. 
And Maya also mentioned scent and flavor and the importance of touch. Yes, when Damon touches her, Talia would crave more of Damon and lose her inhibitions. 
Was that only product of her mad love for him, or were they actually mates? 
Talia knew that without her wolf she couldn't get her answers on her own, and she didn't dare ask Damon out of fear what his answer will be. 
If he confirms they are not mates, everything would collapse immediately, and if he says they are… how is she qualified to stand by his side, as his Luna? 
How Talia saw it, it was better not knowing and just enjoying the present because if she knew the answer, one way or another, she would overthink it and it would ruin everything. 
Like this, when it was just the two of them, Talia was able to imagine that Damon was not an Alpha and she was not some no-name she-wolf he found in the attic. Like this, their pasts and backgrounds were not important because they were two ordinary people. Damon and Talia. Equals. 
Talia looked at the man in front of her who now fidgeted from one leg to another while facing her unreadable expression, and she acknowledged that she loved every part of him. His scent, his touch, his flavors, his heated gaze, the way his muscles rippled under her palm… she loved it all. She even loved his mood swings that somehow always ended with him embracing her, and she wanted to feel it again. 
Pushing all her insecurities aside, Talia dashed toward Damon. 
Damon caught her as she jumped on him while wrapping her legs around his waist, and he eagerly responded to her kisses. 
Damon turned on his heel, pinning Talia against the wall and she moaned into his mouth when he pressed his erection against the cradle of her thighs. 
Talia really loved the way Damon held her like she weighs nothing, and even with all that strength, he handled her with care, and he made sure that it was good for her. 
Talia gasped when she felt his hand under her top. 
"Not here… Our room…", Talia said breathily. 
Damon smiled and spoke into her lips, "Our room? Does that mean you gave up on the silly idea to move out?" 
Talia tilted her head to see him better and her eyes sparkled with mischief. "It depends. Will you remind me that I'm yours?" 
Damon needed a moment to process Talia's words, and then he tightened his hold on her and dashed up the stairs with urgency, leaving behind Talia's giggles that echoed down the hallway. 
Damon was elated that Talia made the first move, she came onto him, and she said that she wanted him to remind her she is his. He was up to the challenge. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Mmm…", Talia groaned in protest when kisses and small bites on her neck and shoulder pulled her out of her much-needed sleep. 
"Sorry, kitten, but we need to wake up so that we can have breakfast and check if there is anything urgent we should handle before Elders come." 
Talia's eyes snapped open, and she was wide awake. Elders are coming! 
They will try to persuade Damon to stick with Marcy as his Luna and they will scold him because he attended an important party and got photographed with some other woman (aka Talia) when Marcy was right there. 
Talia didn't meet any of the Elders, but she already didn't like them. 
The thought of losing Damon was unbearable and Talia hugged him tightly. 
Damon chuckled. "Should I take this as… you don't want to get out of bed?" 
Talia knew very well what he meant by staying in bed. His erection pressing on her thigh spoke volumes and reminded her of a wild night full of carnal pleasures they shared, but she didn't want to admit it. 
"It's early." 
"Get used to this, kitten, because I won't let you sleep in anymore.", Damon said matter-of-factly. "Yesterday I was awakened by an issue with rogues at the border, and I found you with some guy putting crazy thoughts into your head about leaving me." 
Talia pouted. She wanted to stay in bed longer to avoid Elders, and Damon's company was a bonus, as for the rest… "That SOME guy is a shaman, and he was not persuading me to leave you. We were talking about my wolf." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "What did he say?" 
"Gideon said that I am suppressing myself, and that's harming my wolf." 
"Suppressing?", Damon repeated while nodding. "I agree." 
Considering the hostility Damon harbored toward Gideon, Talia thought that he might say how that's rubbish, but he ended up agreeing. "You do?" 
"You grew up learning to diminish your presence. They treated you lower than Omega.", Damon said while gritting his teeth. "… but you are born to stand out." 
"How do you know that?" 
Damon would be blind not to notice how amazing Talia is. The moment her confidence peeks through the fence of her insecurities, Talia is like a Goddess everyone wants to worship. But that was not something he could back up with evidence, so he chose to tell her something Talia was well aware of. 
"The fact that your wolf could talk means that your background is exceptional." 
Since they were on this topic, Damon decided to share one more bit of information he acquired. 
"My people checked official records of the Red Moon pack regarding orphans in the last two decades, and there is no evidence you were there. I don't think that the old Alpha brought you to the Red Moon pack accidentally and they forgot about you. I believe they were hiding you, and that's why they didn't make you join their pack and establish the mind-link when you got there." 
The best-kept secret is the one no one knows about, so it's no surprise that there were no records of Talia staying in the Red Moon pack. 
Damon wondered if Alpha Edward was aware of Talia's existence and why they would allow Talia to grow up as an undocumented orphan the old Alpha picked up who-knows-where. 
Talia let out a long breath. "That all sounds fantastic, but it's of no use if I can't awaken my wolf." 
Damon knew that Talia wanted to rely on her own abilities, and he admired that side of her. Actually, that was also proof that she was not an Omega. A werewolf who craves independence is a sign of strength, and he suspected that she has an Alpha bloodline. 
"That's why you should take care of your body and don't suppress your desires. Keep in mind that I will support you so if you want something, just go for it." 
Talia felt a wave of heat splashing on her cheeks. "Maya said the same thing." About going for it, with IT being Damon. 
"Did she?" Damon feigned ignorance. He was eavesdropping and he knew very well that Maya said that about him. "Maya is wise, you should take her advice." 
Talia's cheeks heater further and she wondered if Damon can read minds. "Didn't you say that Elders are coming, and we should get ready for the day?" 
"No need to rush.", Damon said. "Remember that starting today, you are my Luna." 
When Talia nodded in understanding, Damon continued, "In order to prepare for Elders' visit, you should take your role seriously and get into the character." 
Talia had a feeling that this was a trap, but she still asked, "How?" 
"The first thing a good Luna should do is to please her Alpha.", Damon said with lust clouding his icy-blue eyes. "Don't suppress your desires, kitten. I know you want me." 
Talia wanted to say something snarky in return, but he moved to kiss her neck and his hot palms glided over her body, setting her soul on fire. 
Within seconds, Talia gripped Damon's back while plunging headfirst in the wave of lust that crashed on her. 
He was right. She wanted him. Desperately. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 193 - Rogues, Gossip, And A Hickey
When Talia and Damon got into the dining room for breakfast, the food was already on the table, and Maya and Caden were waiting, both with dark circles under their eyes and big grins on their faces. 
It was obvious that Betas didn't get any sleep, and they were catching up on intimacy they missed during the days Caden was away. 
Luckily, one or two nights of missed sleep is nothing much for werewolves. 
After exchanging greetings, Caden told Damon what he achieved while away, and then they switched to discussions about rogue attacks on the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. 
Talia listened to all that with interest. 
She didn't know about her background and since no one bothered to search for her, she assumed that her parents were rogues. By the time she was old enough to ask questions, there was no one who could give her answers, and she didn't dare to ask Alpha Edward or Luna Layla about it. 
From random stories, Talia concluded that rogues are faceless bad guys who live wildly in caves and would come to packs to steal and wreak havoc. That misconception also contributed to Talia concealing her presence, fearing that she will be hated more. 
However, now Talia understood that rogues are not simple barbarians and she couldn't wait for the official part of their talk to be over, so that she can ask questions. 
Maya and Caden left the table to settle some things before Elders come, and Talia asked Damon, "Can you tell me more about rogues and how they are impacting packs?" 
"Don't think about them as anything other than werewolves.", Damon said when he sensed Talia's anxiousness. "The only difference between them and us is that they don't have an Alpha to lead them, but they are organized. Many of them live in towns, blending in with humans, but there are groups who established their own settlements in unclaimed territories…" 
Seeing Talia's curiosity, Damon continued telling her how rogues can be hired for jobs from gathering information to scouting, and sometimes for crime as well. Some of them are specialized to work as bodyguards or mercenaries for human employers. 
"So, the group that was caught yesterday morning was not here accidentally?", Talia asked. 
"No. They were hired for a scouting mission, but they didn't know who their employer was…", Damon said before explaining how getting information on other packs sneakily is standard practice. 
It's easy to determine from which pack the perpetrator is coming (everything can be solved with a bit of torture), and that's why many would hire rogues for dirty jobs. If a rogue gets caught, he can't spill the beans if the only thing he knows about his employer is an alias and the place from where he collected cash. 
"Are rogues dangerous?", Talia asked while concern swelled inside her. 
Yesterday Damon went to deal with rogues while Talia overslept and then she allowed herself to be upset because of trivial things like Rosa and Ashley and Heather, and Damon was out there risking his life. What if he got hurt or worse? Talia chided herself for being bothered by gossips and jealous women. 
"Most of them are.", Damon responded. "That's why I tell you not to wander. It's for your protection, kitten. We run tight security, but sometimes they will slip between patrols and get deeper into our territory. Regardless of why rogues come here, if you bump into them, they will be forced to choose between fleeing and attacking you, and guess which one they will pick when they see that you are alone?" 
Damon let out a long breath. He could feel that Talia was sorry. 
"Alright. Let's not talk about it anymore." He gave Talia's hand a squeeze. "Just don't wander on your own. Even if you want to stroll close to the packhouse, you should let one of us know about it because you can't contact us if you are in a pinch." 
Talia knew he was talking about the mind-link. She thought about one thing. "If I bump into a patrol, how will they know I'm not a rogue?" 
"They will probably recognize you as the MVP from the tournament.", Damon said right away and then a thought hit him. "Or… are you willing to join the pack officially?" 
That would make it more convenient because Talia would join the collective mind-link and Damon could sense her presence easily, but before she could answer, he thought how it might not be so simple. 
"We might want to talk with an expert before that step." 
"Is it because I don't have my wolf?", Talia guessed. 
"Yes. I don't want to risk doing something that might bring harm to your wolf." Not now when it seemed that her wolf was showing signs of waking up. 
If Talia's wolf was present, Talia would be aware of the bond and so many things would fall into place. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. She knew that without her wolf, she was like a human, and humans can't establish the mind-link. Humans can live with werewolves, but they are never truly pack members no matter how much werewolves accept them. 
Talia remembered what Damon told her that morning. "If your theory is correct and I have some impressive background… doesn't that mean I belong to a pack already? How can I join your pack then?" 
Damon frowned. "OUR pack, kitten." He knew that Talia has many scars from the past, but he still wished that she embraces him and the Dark Howlers pack. However, he knew that he can't force it, or he might scare her away. 
"If you belong to a pack, I will be able to sense it once your wolf awakens, assuming that your mind-link is still functional." 
Talia's eyes widened. "Will you know from which pack I came?" 
"Probably." 
"Is that an Alpha ability?" 
"It is my ability.", Damon said mysteriously. 
Talia glanced around to make sure no one is in visual range, and then she leaned closer to Damon and spoke in a whisper, "Is it because your wolf can talk?" 
Damon tapped her nose with his index finger. "You are smart, kitten. Our pack will do great with you as Luna." 
Most of the werewolves can identify if someone belongs to a pack or is a rogue, but Alpha wolves can sense differences between mind-links. 
Damon's advantage is that his wolf can speak so if they already met someone from a specific pack, Damon's wolf can tell him if the new face belongs to a pack they previously identified. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon's eyes lost focus for a moment and he told Talia, "Elders will be here in a few minutes." 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air. Chatting with Damon helped her forget about what's coming, but now her anxiety swelled with interest. 
She quickly patted down non-existing wrinkles on her dress. It was a peach-colored short-sleeved summer dress that ended just above her knee level. That dress together with white sneakers and her hair lifted into a sleek ponytail gave Talia an aura of youthfulness and sophistication. 
Talia had a lip gloss on, but Damon kissed it away before they came down for breakfast, so Talia gave up on makeup. 
"Do I look alright? What if I mess this up?" 
"You can't mess up anything.", Damon said confidently. "We talked about this. I will meet with them first and when the time is right, Maya will bring you in. If they ask you something and you are unsure how to respond, I will do it in your stead." 
"Will they believe I'm your mate?", Talia asked nervously and craned her neck. "How about you leave your mark?" 
Damon's eyes widened and he blinked a few times before asking, "You want me to mark you? Now?" He could already feel his fangs coming out. 
Talia nodded earnestly. "I saw it on movies that females usually have hickeys that expose they were intimate, and as mates, we should…", Talia's voice trailed when she saw that Damon's face fell. "You don't agree? I thought it was a good idea." 
Damon cursed internally. For a moment, he thought that Talia was jumping into this whole marking thing, but then… she was talking about hickeys. Of course, this was Talia. 
Damon put his hand at the back of Talia's head and pulled her closer to him. 
"Ah!", Talia exclaimed when Damon started sucking on her neck harshly, releasing his pent-up frustration. He really thought that she wanted him to mark her, damn it! 
It took less than a second for Talia to realize how this was not a good idea. 
How was she supposed to meet Elders when they could smell her arousal? 
But there was nothing Talia could do as her reasoning was drowning in the addictive scent of the forest and the dark chocolate, and she gripped Damon's shoulders at the same time a shaky moan escaped her lips. 
Damon unlatched himself from Talia's neck and he hummed in satisfaction at the dark red circle that was turning darker by the second. There. He left her a hickey. A big one. 
Damon's nostrils flared when he picked up the scent of Talia's arousal and the sight of her flushed face and unfocused eyes made her irresistible. 
He thought that it was just him getting this aroused, but now he realized that it's the both of them. How could he ignore this call? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 194 - Visit From The Elders (1) [Bonus ]
Somewhere in the back of Damon's mind was the thought that Elders were about to reach the packhouse at any moment, but Damon was entranced by the scent of Talia's arousal, and he couldn't resist the pull of the bond which told him that his mate has a need, and it was his duty to fulfill it. 
Damon's tongue darted to moisten his lips before he dove in for a kiss. One, two, three… and his hand moved under the skirt of Talia's dress, over the smooth skin of her thigh, and he smiled into the kiss when she spread her legs to give him easier access. 
With the tips of his fingers, Damon felt the moisture when he brushed her panties at the cradle of her thighs, and Damon lost it completely when a small sexy moan escaped Talia's lips. 
Damon picked up Talia and dashed into a nearby room that's used for storage when they have parties, but now it was dark with curtains pulled to block the windows. Other than the tables and chairs arranged in the far end, the room was empty. 
The impatience with which Damon tore Talia's panties only turned her on more and she tugged his shirt out of his jeans while he worked on the buttons. 
The moment his erection sprang free, Talia was holding onto his shoulders, ready for him to lift her so that she can wrap her legs around his waist, and Damon smiled at the thought that his kitten was eager to feel him. 
There was no need to delay what both of them wanted. 
Damon pinned her against the heavy wooden door and Talia released a muffled groan as he entered her in one swift move. 
Talia's dress was bunched around her waist and Damon's pants were around his ankles… her arms were on his shoulders, and she was fisting his hair… her legs connected behind him, and he held onto her buttocks while kissing her sloppily and pounding himself inside her, filling her up with every inch he had to offer, over and over again… Scandalous. 
The door behind Talia clattered with his every thrust, threatening to fall out of its hinges, but neither Talia nor Damon cared about it because they were lost in the heaven-defying friction as their bodies merged into one. 
"Damon… Damon… Damon…", Talia chanted deliriously, spurring him to continue his frenzied assault on her insides. 
Colors danced in front of Talia's closed eyes as she was entranced by the lustful dance of their bodies that caused ecstatic pressure in her core to increase exponentially. 
Damon was delighted that even in their current position with Talia being held up and pinned against the door, her hips moved to match the wild rhythm he set, changing the angle slightly and amplifying his pleasure by several folds. Seductress! 
Talia wanted this to last forever, but she couldn't restrain the swelling at her core that was about to explode her into a million pieces. 
And there it was… 
Her toes curled involuntarily, and her legs shook as she fell apart while muttering unintelligible sounds. 
Damon groaned when Talia's insides coiled around his shaft, and her orgasm hit him full force, pulling him into rapture with her. 
The movements of Damon's hips became jerky as he came undone, filling her up with his hot seed, and she whimpered weakly as her body twitched with his every move. 
"This… I can't get enough of you, kitten…", Damon spoke lowly close to her ear while catching his breath. 
Talia rubbed her cheek against his and her hum of satisfaction sounded like a purr. 
He thought how the nickname 'kitten' suits her. 
That's his kitten. His mate. Only his. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the study… 
Elder Charlie and Elder Samson were sitting on chairs, and they looked at Caden with stern expressions. 
"Is Alpha Damon coming?", Elder Charlie asked Caden. 
"Of course.", Caden responded with a stiff smile. 
Caden mind-linked Damon, but Damon shut him down. 
These two Elders were getting more irritable by the minute, and Caden hoped that whatever Damon was doing, was important. 
Elder Samson glanced at his wristwatch impatiently. "He is the one who picked this time, and now he is late. How disrespectful…" 
Elder Samson's complaint was cut short when the door of the study opened abruptly, and Damon walked in. 
"I apologize for making you wait.", Damon said, but the smirk at the corner of his lips was a giveaway that he was not sorry. 
He was not sorry, not even a little bit. 
Damon sat in his executive chair and faced two Elders over his desk. "How can I help you, gentlemen?" 
"Do you really not know why we are here?", Elder Samson asked. 
Damon made a thoughtful expression. "Did you come here to discuss the issue related to rogue attacks?" 
Elder Charlie waved his hand like that was not important. "Why would we come to discuss something that's a daily occurrence?" 
"So that it stops being a daily occurrence?", Damon responded with a question, and both Elders stiffened. They were not sure how to respond and Damon continued, "You used to be advisors to my father, so I thought you came to advise me even though I told you a decade ago that I don't need advisors, but maybe you forgot about it. Since you are not here to talk about the rogues… Did you come to offer your help with resettling four families whose homes were damaged by the earth slide? Or do you have suggestions related to improvements to the drainage system to prevent another earth slide from happening? Or…?" 
"Enough!", Elder Samson snapped, interrupting Damon. "That's not why we are here." 
They are Elders, respected by everyone, yet this youngster (aka Damon) is treating them like they are jokes. 
Damon's expression frosted. "You might be an Elder, but I am the Alpha. One more outburst like that, and this will be your last visit here." 
"You should listen to us.", Elder Charlie said to Damon. 
"My father listened to you, and that didn't do him much good.", Damon said curtly. "I am a busy man so will you tell me why you are here or are you expecting me to continue guessing?" 
Elder Samson cleared his throat. "We are aware that Marcy from the Red Moon pack will come here soon, and you are considering to make her your Luna." 
"I didn't know that my personal matters are something that interests you." 
"The matter of your Luna impacts the whole pack, not only you.", Elder Samson said. 
"I see. So, you are here to represent the interests of the pack.", Damon said thoughtfully to what two Elders nodded. "And?" 
Elder Charlie spoke. "Since Marcy will come here soon, we hope you can stop womanizing and focus on her. Her father is the Alpha of the Red Moon pack, the second largest pack in North America, after ours. Alpha Edward has many connections. It won't be good to offend them." 
Damon knew why they came here, and he was not surprised that they were acting like concerned uncles, but he still didn't approve of their choice of words. For a decade Damon is not letting them meddle in his affairs and he knew that they were this bold only because Elder Parker and Alpha Edward were backing them up. The only thing Damon didn't know was what benefits these two Elders hoped to get by working with Alpha Edward. 
"You want me to stop womanizing?" 
Elder Samson nodded. "Rumors are that some of your women are staying in the packhouse. You should get rid of them before Marcy comes here. Also, you were with one woman at the Summer Solstice festival, and you showed up with another one in a magazine. Why didn't you go to that event with Marcy?" 
Damon made a face. "Marcy is not my fated mate and I don't feel the need to be faithful." 
"She will be your mate after you mark her.", Elder Charlie said. 
"But the bond for mates of choice is not forcing exclusivity." 
Elder Samson shifted in his chair. "What are you trying to say?" 
"I am stating the facts. Right now, I see Marcy as a nice piece of ass, and nothing more. Will that change if I mark her? I don't know. The two of you don't have Alpha bloodline, so you don't know how strong Alpha's urge is to dominate everyone, especially women. The only one who can put a stop on that is my fated mate." 
Two Elders swallowed curses that were threatening to burst out of them. Damon reminding them that they don't have Alpha bloodline was rubbing them the wrong way, but there was nothing they could do about it. It was the truth. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 195 - Visit From The Elders (2)
Elder Samson spoke seriously, "In the absence of a fated mate, Marcy from the Red Moon pack is the next best choice. Even if you have urges to sleep around, be discrete about it. You should do what's best for the pack." 
Damon released a slow breath. Here they go again with the story of how they want what's best for the pack. 
What about what's best for Damon? Of course, they wouldn't care. 
A decade passed, yet these two Elders still looked at Damon like he is a child that can be used for their own agenda. 
If this was before, Damon would tell them to scram and not to return unless they want to challenge him to a duel, but this time it was different. Now he had Talia, and Damon needed to turn the tables and make Elders serve him. 
As much as Damon didn't put Elders in his eyes, their influence was undeniable, and he didn't want them to create waves against Talia once her role as the Luna becomes public knowledge. 
"What makes you think that Marcy is the next best choice?", Damon asked. "Marcy being the daughter of Alpha Edward doesn't mean she will be a good Luna. If I want to do what's best for my pack, I should reject Marcy and wait for my fated mate. After all, only when Alpha and Luna are fated mates, the prosperity of the pack is guaranteed. Instead of advising me to give up on womanizing, you should come up with a good plan to reject Marcy as my Luna without offending the Red Moon pack. Or do you think that I should accept any woman just because she wants to be my Luna?" 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie were at a loss. Everything Damon said sounded right, but that's not why they came here. 
"Marcy is not just any woman.", Elder Charlie said. "If you miss this opportunity, you will regret it." 
"Are you threatening me?" 
"No, no.", Elder Charlie was quick to deny it. "I'm just saying that since you didn't find your fated mate so far, the Moon Goddess has other plans for you. The Dark Howlers pack needs a Luna, and you can't wait forever. You are not a young boy anymore." 
Elder Samson added, "It's undeniable that the Dark Howlers pack is prospering under your leadership. However, you are just one man with a handful of people who are holding the reins. You need to expand the circle of people who are on top of things, and Luna like Marcy will give you access to many valuable resources. Alpha Edward said that his people will be at your disposal if you need them." 
Caden listened to this from the side, and he shook his head at their hypocrisy. They were making this sound like Damon would benefit from his union with Marcy, but actually, they want to use Marcy as an opening to inject their people close to Damon. 
Caden was not sure if they got stupid with age or are just blinded by greed. Did they really think that Alpha Edward will share power after he sinks his claws into the Dark Howlers pack? At most, they will get some crumbs that Alpha Edward doesn't find useful… if Alpha Edward allows it. 
Damon straightened his back and his expression turned serious while facing two Elders. "I recognize your sincerity and I acknowledge that you are thinking about what's best for the Dark Howlers pack." 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie exchanged confused gazes while silently confirming if they heard the same thing. 
"You agree?", Elder Samson asked. 
Damon nodded solemnly. "The Moon Goddess has plans for everyone, and she is always right. If I find my fated mate, I will turn into a man who has eyes for only one woman, and she will be perfect for me and for my pack." 
Elder Samson opened his mouth to say something, but Damon was quick to raise his hand, gesturing that he was not done. 
"Since you are thinking about what's best for the pack, I want to share sensitive information with you. I hope you can keep this between us, for now", Damon said, and when two Elders nodded in agreement, Damon reached out to Maya with the mind-link, 'Come in.' 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie both turned toward the door that opened, and they glanced at two figures who came in. The two Elders didn't show much interest in Maya, they were aware that she is Beta, but they couldn't stop their brows furrowing as they looked at Talia. She was familiar, yet not familiar, and the fact that she walked in front of Maya meant that Talia's status isn't low. 
After closing the door behind her, Maya scurried to stand next to Caden. She didn't want to miss the show. 
Talia's eyes locked with Damon's, and she walked straight to him, without paying any heed to anyone else in the room. 
Damon's lips lifted into a smirk as Talia approached him and she sat on his lap. 
"Who is this girl?", Elder Samson asked irritably. Didn't they just discuss Damon's womanizing, and how Damon will keep it low-key? 
Damon wrapped his arms around Talia and rested his chin on her shoulder before responding. "This girl was with me at the Summer Solstice festival, you might recognize her as the MVP of the tournament. She accompanied me to the Luna announcement ceremony at the Lightclaw pack, and she is the only one who is staying with me in the packhouse. Gentlemen, this is Talia. My fated mate." 
Damon felt his insides jolt when he officially introduced Talia as his fated mate, and he was not sure if that was him, his wolf, or Talia. Probably all three of them. 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie gaped at Talia like she was growing a second head. 
Damon continued talking to Talia, "Talia, dear, these are Elder Samson and Elder Charlie. They came to express their concerns about me leading the pack without my Luna, so I decided to introduce you to them. I hope that's OK with you." 
Two Elders couldn't believe the gentle tone Damon used to speak to Talia. Were they imagining things? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Caden snorted. "Is this how you greet your future Luna?" 
Two Elders snapped out of their daze. 
"Luna?", Elder Samson asked in disbelief. "What proof you have for that?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "Do I need to prove I found my mate?" 
"No, no…", Elder Charlie said with haste. "If what you said is true, you met your mate weeks ago. How come no one knows about it?" 
"Relevant people are aware of Talia's importance." 
Damon's response made the faces of two Elders turn ugly. Did he say they are not relevant? 
"What is her background?", Elder Charlie asked his next question. 
Damon was ready for it. "It is being kept as a secret for now. For Talia's safety." This was the truth. "Does it matter from where she is? Talia is my fated mate. The Moon Goddess knows what she is doing." 
At the mentioning of the Moon Goddess, both Elders gave up on pursuing information related to Talia's background. 
"Why is she not marked?", Elder Samson asked. 
Damon feared this marking question because if he exposes the truth of how Talia's wolf is not present, it might be used against Talia. Normally, that wouldn't be a problem because there are instances where an Alpha would have a human for a mate, but in this case, these Elders felt that they are entitled to meddle in Damon's affairs, and how can they just give up when they were so close to their goal? 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. Why are these two old geezers so overbearing? 
Damon told her not to anger the Elders because he will be in the role of offending them, while she just needs to be his mate, but how can she let him do all the work? And why were they talking about her like she was not in the room? 
Talia steeled her resolve and spoke, "I heard that Elders of the Dark Howlers pack were removed from their roles as advisors, and I thought how that was disrespectful, but now I know it was justified. The two of you are not offering advice, you are meddling in the private affairs of your Alpha. That's unheard of." She narrowed her eyes at Elder Samson. "Do you have a mate? Did anyone tell you when to mark her or how to treat her? What Damon and I do in our relationship is none of your business." 
Elder Charlie's eyes flashed in anger. "But it is our business, missy. If you want people to accept you as the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, you need to think about the pack, and not just about your private business." 
Damon snorted. "Don't make rash statements that can get you penalized. Talia will be a wonderful Luna." 
"You don't know that.", Elder Samson snapped. 
"But I do, you see…", Damon made a dramatic pause before continuing, "To address your concern of Talia being accepted by the pack members, Coach Keith said that their win at the tournament is thanks to Talia's role as the team spirit. Everyone cheered when she was crowned as the MVP of the tournament. Outside of the public eye, Talia is knowledgeable with gifts of nature, and she shared with us a special mixture of herbs that are increasing the success rate of our scouts. In terms of external relations, during our outing at the Lightclaw pack, Talia is the one who secured us a tribute from the Steelbite pack. And she did all that before getting official recognition as my Luna. Isn't she wonderful? Or are you doubting the will of the Moon Goddess?" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 196 - Visit From The Elders (3)
Two Elders realized that there is much more to Talia than they thought. 
Now that Damon mentioned it, they recognized Talia as the girl who was the team spirit at the tournament. The whole soccer team was kneeling in front of her and people cheered. It was quite a spectacle. 
They also heard warriors praising a mysterious medicine that was super secretive. 
Two elders were not familiar with the tribute from the Steelbite pack, but Damon wouldn't deceive them with something that can be easily proven. 
On top of all that, Damon mentioned the Moon Goddess. 
But even with all that, how could Elder Samson and Elder Charlie give up easily? 
By helping Marcy become the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, these two will definitely be close to Alpha and Luna, no matter how Damon feels about them. Marcy will be grateful that they are on her side and she will use her womanly charms to sway Damon, and the Elders could become Alpha's advisors again. With that, their influence in the pack will increase. 
At their age, Elder Samson and Elder Charlie can't win a duel, so they need to rely on other ways to stay in power. It's normal for werewolves to crave power, it's like a drug to them. Only Omegas are submissive while everyone else is clawing to get to the top. 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie were aware that they already had agreements with Alpha Edward and Elder Parker. If they back down now, wouldn't they suffer consequences? 
Unfortunately, when faced with the scenario of Damon finding his fated mate, all their plans for the future started cracking. 
Now what? 
They were stuck between a rock and a hard place, unable to move forward or to retreat. 
"This girl secured us a tribute?" Elder Charlie wanted to know more about it, hoping to find a weakness that can be exploited. 
Damon's expression darkened. "THIS GIRL has a name, and it's Talia. I suggest you remember it because soon she will be your Luna. Talia was in the position to ask for anything she wants, yet she asked Alpha Richard to give tribute to the Dark Howlers pack. We still didn't determine the date for her Luna ceremony, yet she is contributing to our pack. Based on the information I received about Marcy from the Red Moon pack, her days consist of sitting at home and relaxing." 
Damon glanced nervously at Talia. "It's not that I would ever consider Marcy as my Luna. I was just making an ive comparison." 
Elder Samson frowned. "If you didn't consider Marcy as your Luna, why did you go to the Red Moon pack to settle the engagement?" 
Damon tightened his hold on Talia like he feared that she will leave him right then and there. He could feel that her emotions became unstable. Was it because he said that he was gathering information on Marcy? Or because Elder Samson brought up the point that he went to meet Marcy? 
"There was no settling of anything. It is one thing what they planned, and another what actually happened.", Damon said stiffly. "The point here is that Talia is more than qualified to be my Luna, and us being fated mates means that our union is blessed by the Moon Goddess. Anyone who thinks otherwise is welcome to challenge me openly. As for the ones who try to scheme and cause discord in our pack, I won't hesitate in punishing everyone involved." 
Damon continued in a dangerously low voice. "Besides a few people I trust, the two of you are the only ones who know that Talia is my fated mate. If this news spreads before we announce it officially, I will know whose lips were loose. You are aware of my reputation related to defending my pack. If anyone dares to jeopardize my mate, I will show no mercy." 
Both Elders swallowed hard. 
Damon was clear that the consequences of messing with Talia will be dire. 
The two Elders didn't have a problem in keeping Talia's importance a secret. Surely, Damon will announce it soon. However, they had another problem. 
Both Elder Charlie and Elder Samson made agreements with Elder Parker and Alpha Edward, and the purpose of their visit today was to seal the deal with Damon. If this with Marcy falls through, who knows what Elder Parker and Alpha Edward will do? 
"But… what about Marcy?", Elder Charlie asked. 
Talia looked at two Elders and the displeasure that bubbled inside her exploded. 
"What about Marcy?", Talia snapped. "Why are you talking like Damon is breaking up a long-term loving relationship? There is nothing going on between them. Nothing. Or do you think I will allow my man to keep a woman on the side?" 
Damon's heart soared. Talia just claimed him as her man! 
He wished that he recorded this so that he can replay it later. 
Elder Charlie was irked by Talia's attitude, but he felt the urge to bow his head. "Well, no, but…" 
"But, what?", Talia interrupted him angrily. "You are old and should be wise. Is it better to tell Marcy before she comes here that the role she is coveting is taken, or should I do it instead of you at the doorstep of my home?" 
Elder Samson lost color from his face as he realized, "You want US to tell Alpha Edward that Marcy won't be the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack?" 
"It seems your brain is working fine, given enough stimulation.", Talia said, and Damon stifled a chuckle while hiding his face behind her back. Ah, his mate was on fire and Damon loved every minute of it. 
"Preposterous!", Elder Charlie protested. "Why do you want us to deliver bad news?" 
Talia's irritation swelled. "Seeing how the two of you are standing up for Marcy, there is no place for doubts about who from within our pack worked with Alpha Edward. As respectable Elders, you should own it and clean up the mess you made. Find a peaceful way for Marcy to give up on a position that belongs to me, and make sure not to reveal my existence." 
Talia stood up from Damon's lap and narrowed her eyes at two Elders. "I didn't forget that you neglected the simple courtesy of greeting me as your Luna. Your disrespect offended me and your Alpha. It makes me wonder if you did that on purpose or are you just simply foolish?" 
Damon had an urge to pull Talia into his embrace and to kiss her senselessly. How can she be so amazing? 
Did she notice that not only two Elders, but Maya and Caden also lowered their heads for her? 
Of course, she didn't notice. Talia doesn't notice these things, but Damon does, and he was damn proud of his little mate. 
She was like a firecracker, putting everyone in their place, and Damon enjoyed the show profusely. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Two Elders left Damon's office in a daze, and only when the air from the hallway hit them, they realized their clothes were drenched in sweat. Just what the hell was that? 
Caden and Maya silently left the office as well, to make sure the Elders really leave the packhouse, and by the way Damon pulled Talia to sit on his lap, it seemed that lovebirds would like some privacy. 
When Talia realized that it was only her and Damon in the study, she looked at him apprehensively. 
"Did I cross the line?" 
"Nothing is too much for you, kitten. You did amazing.", Damon said dotingly. 
Talia smiled brightly. She enjoyed the compliment for a few seconds, before asking, "Do you think they will handle Marcy?" 
Damon shrugged. "There is no way to tell, but if they fail, I will make sure she gets the message. I don't want to risk her coming here and making you uncomfortable. Now that these two Elders are aware I have a mate, they won't dare to cooperate with Alpha Edward." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. Why did he make it sound that he was arranging for Marcy to not come only for Talia's sake? Did that mean, if Talia was not here, Damon would be OK with Marcy? Talia pushed those thoughts to the side. 
"Will you use the same mate story to deter Marcy? What if Alpha Edward opposes? If he made these two Elders work for him, there are probably others. What if..." 
"Let me worry about that.", Damon interrupted Talia's next what-if scenario. 
Talia nodded obediently and then her eyes lit up when she remembered one detail. 
She craned her neck, for Damon to see. "Do you think they noticed the hickey?" 
Damon stared at Talia's neck, gave it a sniff and a lick, and even though Talia giggled while wondering what he was up to, his brows were furrowed to form a serious expression. He was not playing. 
"I thought you changed your mind and covered it with makeup, but now I know you didn't. There is no hickey, kitten." 
Talia was confused. "What? It was there." She checked in the mirror of the bathroom where she was tidying herself after Damon left to meet the Elders. 
"I know.", Damon said. He remembered the dark red mark on her neck he left behind. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 197 - Lunch For Two [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
Shoutout to Catherine_C, the #1 fan of "The Alpha's Bride"! 
--- 
Damon's lips stretched into a big smile. There was only one explanation for a hickey that disappeared mysteriously. "Your wolf healed it." 
"You think so?", Talia asked nervously. 
"I know so. Without your wolf, it would take days for that hickey to completely disappear, and your neck is clean. I think she will wake up soon." Damon wrapped Talia in his arms and pulled her to lean on him. 
He really wanted her wolf to awaken as soon as possible. Right now, would be perfect. With Talia's wolf present, Talia would be confident they are mates and belong together, and he will take care of everything else. 
Talia snuggled into Damon's embrace and stuffed her face in the crook of his neck, taking a deep breath of her favorite scent that made her dizzy. 
Talia didn't want to think about her wolf. Doctor Travis explained to Talia how nothing is certain and that even if there is some improvement, it could be temporary, and it doesn't mean it will go all the way. 
If her wolf awakens, it would be another unknown that will definitely impact her relationship with Damon and Talia didn't want anything to change because this, right now, was perfect. 
… 
Talia was impressed that even with Elders visiting and all the pending work, Damon prioritized her training as something that can't be skipped. 
The two of them spent more than an hour in their own private gym stretching, running, jumping, planking, Damon showed Talia a few techniques how to punch effectively with a fist and with the base of her palm, and then they ended up on the exercising mat in a steamy make-out session that left them craving for more. 
Talia got to keep her clothes on while in the gym, but after training was over... it was a different story. 
The moment they entered the shower enclosure, Damon pinned her against the wall, and she couldn't wait to feel that stretch and friction, and Damon didn't make her wait. 
Talia melded into Damon while relishing the way he worshiped her body. Everything he did was right. 
"I don't want to leave this place, but there is a ton of work waiting for me in the study.", Damon said while breathing heavily and Talia was not sure if 'this place' was the shower enclosure, or her body because Damon's hard cock was still lodged deep inside her. 
Talia felt guilty because he had so much work, yet he still went with her to the gym. "Can I help you?" 
Damon had an inkling about the type of work he had to do, and that was not something Talia could help with, but there was something else. "You can give me company. You should prepare for exams if you want to earn your high school diploma. As a bonus, if you have questions, I will be right there to help you." 
Talia was touched. He really put her first. 
Damon took the effort to go through the curriculum and compile the list of material she needed to learn in order to get her degree. He prepared books and other supplies, as well as paid for online subscriptions so that she can access the latest resources. Can he be any sweeter? 
He was handsome and powerful and considerate, and Talia couldn't get enough of him. 
Talia's fingers laced into Damon's damp hair, and she gave him a long deep kiss that spurred his hips to move again, and within seconds both of them forgot that there was work or anything else outside that bathroom. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the study… 
Damon was at his desk, and Talia was behind hers, each busy with their own respective tasks while enjoying the fact they were sharing space. 
Talia was motivated to catch up with her education, but her enthusiasm dampened when she realized how much there is for her to learn. 
As an orphan in the Red Moon pack, Talia attended lessons in the pack school until third grade. After that, Talia ended up in the attic and she would sporadically go to school, but she would skip often because of bullies, and soon she stopped going completely. 
Olivia taught Talia some bits and pieces, but the reality was that Talia was lacking in many areas academically, and she forgot many things. As a result, she had to re-start her education from elementary school. 
Talia lifted her head from the lesson on ecosystems and she looked at Damon who was focused on the documents in front of him. 
She soaked in his enchanting visual. How can a man be so handsome? 
"Shouldn't you be studying?" 
Talia was startled out of her daze. How did he know without looking? 
"I'm taking a mental break.", Talia said. 
Damon lifted his gaze and smiled. He could feel her fluttering heart and warm and fuzzy emotions that came with a hint of arousal, and he knew that she was either thinking about him, or those ecosystems became sexy. "Whatever you say, kitten." 
"Do you want us to take a walk in the garden for a change of scenery?", Damon suggested. 
Talia bit her lower lip guiltily. She interrupted his work. If he accompanies her for a walk, it would be too much. 
She got an idea. 
"Actually, I was thinking of doing something for you." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "You did?" 
Talia nodded earnestly. "I made a promise to cook for you. Since we usually have leftovers for lunch, how about I cook for you today?" 
Damon's eager expression told her that he approved. 
Talia fidgeted when she remembered… "I'm still not confident in doing everything on my own, so I hope that Steph will be in the kitchen." 
Damon would eat whatever Talia serves him, but he knew that she has her own ideas. His eyes lost focus for a second before he said, "She will be there in five minutes." 
Talia was excited. She didn't have plans for what she will make, but with Stephanie's guidance, it will be great. Or at least good. OK, edible. Hopefully. 
… 
In the kitchen... 
"How come you decided to make lunch?", Stephanie asked. Talia would usually follow instructions, and this was the first time for Talia to take initiative, so Stephanie was curious. 
"Alpha Damon did a lot for me, and I want to repay him. How much I can.", Talia responded honestly. 
Stephanie smiled. "I'm glad you are getting along well." 
She knew how lonely Damon was even with all women buzzing around him. 
Stephanie liked Talia from the moment she came to the packhouse, and the fact that Cassie was expelled from the packhouse because of Talia was a big bonus in Stephanie's eyes. 
As for what happened in the last few days, Stephanie was fully focused on Lisa and she barely appeared in the common areas (other than the kitchen), so Stephanie was not aware of the latest relationship developments between Talia and Damon. 
"What will you make for him?", Stephanie asked. 
"I don't know. I was hoping you can suggest something tasty and not too complicated. I want to make it myself, and you can be here to ensure I don't burn things or make something poisonous." 
Stephanie laughed at Talia's adorable honesty. 
Most of the she-wolves are haughty and trying to leave the impression of being perfect at everything, and Talia's down-to-earth attitude was refreshing. 
"For an Alpha, meat is a must.", Stephanie said. "Tasty and simple, hm? Put some sausages in the oven, and make sure to put extra because even if Maya and Caden don't show up in time for lunch, they will be looking for leftovers once they catch onto the scent. Let's think about some side dishes and don't bother with salad because Damon doesn't like it…" 
As one after another thing came together, Talia thought that she was floating. She was really making lunch for Damon! She hoped that he will like it. 
Stephanie looked at the big smile on Talia's face and she laughed. "Do you need help with plating?" 
Talia rejected. "You already helped so much. I can handle this, and I will pack the leftovers also. Thank you." 
Stephanie waved like it's not a big deal. 
Talia used her cell phone to send a text message to Damon to come to the dining room in ten minutes, and when he responded with a thumbs-up emoji, she got busy with plating. 
Talia meticulously arranged food on two big plates, one for her and one for Damon. 
There was roasted sausage, a side of baked potatoes with a generous dollop of sour cream sprinkled with tiny bits of scallion and bacon, and there was artisan bread that was toasted on the pan before it got coated with a spread of garlic butter and thin slices of sundried cherry tomatoes. Perfect. 
After keeping leftovers in containers to the side and tidying up some of the mess, Talia carried two plates to the dining room victoriously. 
Talia made several trips back and forth between the kitchen and the dining room while getting cups, utensils, and napkins. In her excitement, she always forgot one thing or another. She wanted it to be perfect. 
The last thing were knives. Talia shook her head helplessly. She forgot knives. 
How can they eat the sausage properly without cutting it? It will be messy. 
Well, Damon more than once licked the mess from her lips. Maybe she could return the knives in the kitchen? 
Talia's steps halted at the door of the dining room when she saw a girl about her age with long dark brown hair eyeing the plates with food. She acted freely, yet Talia never met her. 
It took Talia a moment to connect the dots. 
"You must be Lisa." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 198 - Lisa
Lisa turned toward the door when she heard Talia's voice. 
"Are you the new girl?", Lisa asked. 
Talia smiled a little. "I guess I am. My name is Talia. Stephanie told me about you." 
"Mom told me about you also.", Lisa said and observed Talia who was putting knives and carefully pushing forks and napkins so that they are perfectly aligned with just the right amount of space between them. 
"Are we having a guest for lunch?", Lisa asked. 
Talia paused. "No. Why?" 
Lisa shrugged. "I see you arranged a second plate next to Damon's so I assumed that person must be important." 
Talia wanted to say how that's her spot, but she held her words back. She didn't want to make it sound how she was boasting. Damon should arrive in a minute, and Lisa will either leave or see them so… Talia decided not to comment. 
"Did you have lunch?", Talia asked Lisa. 
"I don't eat much lately." 
Talia understood that this might be related to Tony finding his mate (aka Kalina). "I heard what happened. I'm sorry you had to go through that." 
Lisa made a face. "It's not enough that I was dumped, but everyone knows about it." 
Talia was not sure how to respond to this. 
"Mom told me that you are staying in the packhouse and helping in the kitchen.", Lisa said to what Talia nodded, and Lisa continued, "Not everyone is open-minded like Damon." 
Talia's insides tightened. "What do you mean?" 
"I mean, not everyone will accept a wolf-less she-wolf into the pack, and Damon even arranged for you to stay in the packhouse and work. In most of the packs, people like you will be shunned as trash, forced to work some menial work or banished and they end up living with humans." 
Talia frowned. Why does Lisa know that Talia doesn't have her wolf? Did Damon tell her? 
Since Lisa arrived, Stephanie was spending a lot of time with her, and Stephanie spoke to Lisa about Talia, a wolf-less she-wolf who came from the Red Moon pack and is staying in the packhouse. 
Damon told Stephanie about Talia's condition, as an excuse for Talia to stay in the packhouse and to be treated with special care. Talia herself is the one who disclosed to Stephanie that she came from the Red Moon pack. That happened before Maya warned Talia to keep her background a secret. 
Stephanie didn't mean to gossip. She hoped that Talia's story will inspire Lisa to keep on fighting and not drown in depression because Tony found his mate. 
Lisa saw that Talia's expression worsened, and Lisa quickly added, "I don't have a problem with you not having a wolf. I just wanted to point out how Damon is an amazing Alpha. If this was Alpha Magnus, he would label you as a damaged wolf and discard you, yet Damon treats you as any other Omega…" 
Talia's ears were buzzing. Shunned? Trash? Damaged? Discarded? 
Talia wanted to tell Lisa that she was wrong. Damon doesn't treat her as an Omega. And Talia was not damaged, and no one would discard her, but her insecurities that took roots over two decades were swelling again and suffocating everything good in Talia. 
Talia wished that Damon gives her a comforting hug and to tell her that she is wonderful and amazing, just how he always does, and she would believe him because he has the power to dispel her negative thoughts, but he was not there, and Talia was looking for an exit. 
"Excuse me, I need some air…", Talia said and walked out of the dining room and into the garden. 
Lisa didn't get it. Why did Talia leave suddenly? She was just praising Damon. 
Lisa's eyes fell on the plates with food. Those sausages smelled amazing, and Lisa didn't eat in a long time, and she licked her lips because she drooled a little. 
Talia said that there will be no guests for lunch, so Lisa sat on Talia's spot. 
How Lisa saw this, the second plate could be for her mother, Maya, or Caden, and neither of them will raise a fuss if Lisa helps herself. 
She never suspected that the second plate was for Talia. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the study… 
Damon felt uneasy and he glanced at the time. Was Talia upset because he was late? It was only by a few minutes! 
He got up and rushed toward the dining room. 
Damon paused at the door of the dining room at the sight of Lisa sitting at the table and eating. She was so focused on the food that she didn't notice him. 
"Lisa?", Damon called. 
Lisa's eyes lit up when she saw Damon, and she swiftly got up and walked to him. 
"I'm sorry I didn't greet you so far. I was a mess.", Lisa said while giving Damon a hug. 
Damon slowly pried Lisa's arms away from him. It was one thing to hug when they were kids, but Lisa is a grownup now, and he didn't want Talia to misunderstand. 
"It's good that you are better now.", Damon said and looked around the dining room. "Did you see Talia?" 
"That new Omega?", Lisa asked. 
Damon's brows came together. "Who told you that she is Omega?" 
Lisa shrugged and shook her head. "Mom told me she is helping in the kitchen, and I saw her setting up the table, so I assumed…" Lisa's voice trailed when she saw that Damon's expression was not good. 
"Where is she?" 
"She said that she needed some air and left." 
Damon's face darkened. "What did you say to her?" 
Lisa was flustered. "Me? Nothing. Actually, I was just saying how you are an amazing Alpha. That's it." 
Damon had many questions for Lisa, but he felt the urgency to find Talia and anything else will need to wait. 
Damon dashed out of the packhouse, and his heart fell into place when he saw Talia sitting on a bench in the garden. 
Talia's hair moved a bit in the breeze as she stared absentmindedly in front of her. 
She jolted out of her stupor when Damon took a seat next to her. 
"Hey…", Damon called. "Why are you here?" 
Talia exhaled a long breath while adjusting her emotions. Damon did nothing wrong, and she didn't want to burden him with her demons from the past. 
Lisa didn't say anything bad, but she hit a nerve. If Talia was a normal she-wolf, she would probably agree with Lisa and praise Damon, and it would end at that. But Talia was not a normal she-wolf because she doesn't have her wolf and due to that she was bullied and stuck in the attic. 
But now that Damon was next to her, Talia's mood improved because he made everything better. 
"I finished setting the table and I thought of enjoying the garden until you finish with work." 
Damon knew that she lied, something definitely happened, but he didn't want to poke into it and upset Talia further. He will talk to Lisa, later. 
He wrapped his arms around Talia, and she leaned on him. 
Damon scent of the forest and the dark chocolate did wonders, and his solid embrace made Talia feel safe and Talia decided to focus on the positives. 
"We should go back to the dining room before the food gets cold.", Talia said. "I hope you will like what I made. It's nothing much, but keep in mind that it was my first time to cook…" 
Damon was moved at the thought that Talia gave him another of her firsts. But his joy lasted only for a second because he remembered that Lisa ate from one of the plates, and it was obvious that Talia was not aware of that. 
Talia made a meal for the two of them, and Damon could see that it was very important for Talia. Well, it was important for him also but if they go there now, instead of remembering it as the first meal Talia made for them, it will be remembered as something that Lisa ruined. 
Damon scrambled his brain while searching for a solution, and it took him a moment to come up with something. 
"I'm sorry that I took longer to come down for lunch, but I was late for a reason.", Damon said and when Talia looked at him questionably, he added, "There is an issue with a restaurant in Darkbourne, and I need to check it personally. It seems to be urgent. What do you say that we ask Stephanie to wrap the delicious lunch you prepared, and we can eat that later? It should be good reheated, right?" 
Unsuspecting Talia didn't , and she knew that Damon was mind-linking Stephanie when his eyes lost focus. 
In the car that was heading to Darkbourne... 
'Stephanie!', Stephanie jolted when he heard Damon's stern voice in her head. 'Talia prepared food for us, but Lisa ended up eating it. I want you to re-make those two plates and make sure Talia doesn't suspect anything when she reheats it. You have one hour.' 
'Yes, Alpha', Stephanie said quickly and turned the car around. 
Stephanie pressed her lips into a line. She remembered how happy Talia was while making a meal for Damon. Why would Lisa eat from those plates instead of from the kitchen? 
Lisa is willful and says whatever is on her mind, and it seemed that she caused some trouble. 
Stephanie jolted when she heard Damon's voice again, 'I want you to talk to Lisa and remind her that she can't act like she owns the place.' 
Stephanie's stomach dropped, 'Did Lisa do something?' 
'You should ask her.' 
--- 
Check Lisa's photo in the comments section. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 199 - Punishing The Pampered Princess [Bonus ]
Maya and Caden made their way into the packhouse, and they followed their noses into the kitchen. 
They found a scene of Lisa and Stephanie busying themselves with food. 
It was unusual to make food at this time. Lunchtime passed and it was still a long way to go until dinner, and this was definitely too much work for a snack. 
Not to mention that Maya had never seen Lisa holding a spatula and standing in front of the stove. 
"Are we having guests?", Maya asked from the door. 
The moment Stephanie and Lisa turned toward the door, Maya and Caden realized that something was off. 
Lisa glanced at Maya and made a face. "It seems that I offended some Omega, and I need to pay for it." 
"I told you not to call her Omega!", Stephanie hissed at Lisa and then looked at Maya and Caden apologetically. "Talia prepared a meal for Damon, and Lisa helped herself when no one was watching. Damon asked that we remake food so that Talia doesn't notice." 
Lisa rolled her eyes. She hated working in the kitchen and she hated when people tell her what to do. 
When Lisa was little, as the only girl living in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack, she was more than just Beta's daughter. She was the princess that was doted upon by her parents and the Alpha family while other people either played with her or served her. 
Since she grew up here, Lisa treats this as her home, and nothing was ever off-limits. 
Later, Lisa moved to live with her aunt in the Lightclaw pack. Lisa's aunt was not strict with her, and as Tony's girlfriend, no one dared to cross her. 
When Lisa visited the Dark Howlers pack in the last decade, she would go on trips with Stephanie or hang out with her friends in Darkbourne, continuing with the princess lifestyle where everything was fun and games while the hard work was done by someone else. 
Lisa was not used to this fix-your-mistake treatment, and she was not used to being reprimanded either. 
"Why are you talking like I committed an unforgivable sin? It was just sausage and potato and bread. Nothing fancy. Or did I spoil her chances of charming Damon? If she was banking on that meal to get his favor, she won't…" 
"Lisa!", Stephanie's shout interrupted Lisa's banter. 
Stephanie hated when she needed to discipline Lisa because she felt guilty that Lisa grew up without a father and with Lisa living in another pack, Stephanie didn't spend much time with her either. However, Lisa's actions upset Damon, and Stephanie had to let Lisa know that she made a mistake before things escalate. 
"I already told you that Talia made that meal to thank Damon for his kind treatment, which is much more than you ever did." 
Lisa snorted. "Big deal. Sausage and potato…" 
"I was talking about being thankful.", Stephanie said irritably. 
Maya and Caden watched this from the door, both wearing matching frowns on their faces. They didn't want to get involved in this family dispute. 
"Smells good. Any food for us?", Caden asked. 
Stephanie gestured toward plastic containers that were stacked on the side. "There are extras from what Talia made." 
Lisa snorted. "We could have used those instead of making new." 
"Then, you wouldn't learn your lesson.", Stephanie said. 
"What lesson? To not eat food that Omega made?" 
"Lisa", Maya called stiffly. She couldn't stand Lisa's condescending attitude. Lisa was always a proud she-wolf, and the breakup with Tony hit her hard, but that didn't give her permission to vent her frustration on others. "I suggest that you tone down that attitude and treat Talia with respect, or you will regret it." 
Lisa looked at Maya in disbelief. "You too? You are kidding." 
"Do I look like I am kidding? I don't know if Steph told you, but Cassie disrespected Talia, and that got her kicked out from here." 
"How can you compare me with that shameless slut?", Lisa snapped. "Cassie came here to spread her legs for Damon, and I live here." 
"Talia lives here also.", Maya deadpanned. 
"So what? Now I need to tiptoe around a wolf-less she-wolf Damon rescued?" 
Maya wanted to respond, but Caden was faster. 
"No one said that you need to tiptoe around Talia, but you need to treat her with respect. You are lucky Damon is not here to hear you say those words." 
"What would he do? Throw me into the dungeon? Kick me out of my own house?" 
Caden narrowed his eyes at Lisa. "This is Damon's house. It belongs to the Blake family. You only live here, just like the rest of us. You are not a child, and you should think about how you can contribute instead of causing trouble. Don't test your luck by messing with Talia because Damon won't sit that one out, and you won't like the outcome." 
Lisa wanted to respond but she realized that she can't utter a word because Caden released his pressure and she ended up bowing her head. 
Lisa hated this. 
She was dumped by Tony when he found his mate, and Stephanie pestered her until she gave in to return home. Instead of being comforted, she is being punished and everyone is telling her to respect some random people. 
Lisa grew up pampered and she didn't like this treatment. She didn't like it, not even a little bit. 
"Ahh!", Lisa shrieked when the butter-garlic sauce for the artisan bread burned. She was so upset that she forgot to stir it. 
"Throw that and start again!", Stephanie ordered. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In a restaurant in Darkbourne… 
Talia and Damon were sitting in the booth at the end of the restaurant and Talia was looking at the big platter filled with grilled chicken wings that were glistening in shades of red and brown from the smokey barbeque sauce. 
"I thought you will deal with the matter here and we will go home to eat.", Talia said. 
Damon scratched the back of his head awkwardly. 
He told Stephanie that she has one hour, but even with him pretending to discuss something important with the owner, it was less than half an hour. 
Damon thought of making up another excuse to delay their return, but Talia would suspect that something is off, so he went ahead with ordering chicken wings. 
"The owner was grateful for my quick action.", Damon said. "It would be impolite to refuse." 
Talia let out a long breath. If she knew they will end up here, she wouldn't bother with making food. 
She was looking forward to seeing Damon's reaction to the meal she made. 
The potatoes were perfectly baked, bacon bits were crispy, and the sausage smelled divine. But that was when the food was freshly made. Now they will need to reheat it and Talia was not sure how much Damon was interested in it. 
Did he take a peek at the plates before he found her in the garden, and he found that the food is not good enough? 
Was it because many she-wolves cooked for him before and Talia's offering didn't compare? 
Damon could feel Talia's dejection and he realized that he needed something bigger to distract her. 
"Kitten…", he called. "Would you like to meet my wolf?" 
Talia's eyes widened. "Now?" 
"Anytime you want is fine." 
She glanced nervously around. "Are you going to shift here?" 
Damon chuckled. "I don't need to shift. Actually, if I do that, my wolf won't be able to talk to you and you will get sniffed and licked." 
"Will he talk to me?" 
Damon hummed in confirmation. "He wants to talk to you, but for that, I need to stay in this form and give him control. Like that, no one will know what's going on." 
Talia was trembling from excitement. "Is it common for you to give him control?" 
"No. He mostly just talks in my head, but with you is different." Damon glanced at the chicken wings. He was hungry. "However, right now is not convenient. Having a wolf out on an empty stomach might be problematic. I don't want him to embarrass me by jumping on the table to devour these…" 
Talia was frozen for a moment and then she burst into a fit of giggles. The mental image of Damon climbing the table and stuffing his face in a mass of chicken wings was hilarious. 
"What's funny?", Damon grumbled, but he was not angry. He loved to hear her laugh, and it seemed that mentioning his wolf distracted her from whatever bad thoughts she had. 
"Nothing, nothing…" There was no way she would say what was on her mind. "Let's eat." 
Damon used thongs to pile up chicken wings into Talia's plate. 
"Eat, kitten…", Damon urged her. "These are the best chicken wings in Darkbourne." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 200 - Setting Things Straight
Author's note: 
--- 
"How much work do you still have for today?", Talia asked Damon while munching on a chicken wing. The meat was tender and very tasty, sweet and tangy with some smokey smell, but with all that sauce, it was incredibly messy. 
"If I could see the end of it, I would be planning a vacation.", Damon said honestly. No matter how much he works, more will come his way. "While on the topic of a vacation, did you think about it? We can go anywhere you want." 
Talia remembered that Damon said how he will take her on a vacation. The fact that brought it up again meant he was not kidding. Right? 
Talia could feel the heat in her cheeks increasing, and she hoped that the dark lighting in the restaurant will conceal her blush at least a little bit. "How about a forest? A lake would be nice. Something… private." 
Damon paused and he stared at Talia while his lips rose into a smile in slow motion. Something else was rising in his crotch area and he shifted a bit to adjust himself. "Private. I like that. Tell me more…" 
Talia was not sure what more there could be. 
If she could spend time with Damon, away from it all, that would be the perfect vacation, regardless of if they are staying in high-end luxury, a modest cabin, a tent, or outdoors. But he expected her to say more, so she had to come up with something. "Let's not go far away. In case there is an emergency you need to handle, we can return quickly…" 
Damon was amazed that even when she was planning a vacation, Talia thought about his needs and the pack. She was the perfect Luna, and she didn't even know it. 
Damon and Talia chatted in a good mood while working on the chicken wings and Talia didn't realize at what point they finished. 
"Should I order more?", Damon asked. 
"Only if you are hungry." 
Damon thought for a moment. "I think this is enough. I want to leave space for the food you prepared." 
"You still want to eat it?" 
"I will eat whatever you give me, kitten.", Damon said honestly. 
Talia blushed and her heart swelled from warm and fuzzy emotions. 
"Do you want something else?", Damon asked while pointing at the menu. 
Talia wanted only one thing, to freeze time so that they can be like this, just the two of them, forever. 
"No. I'm fine.", she responded and remembered one point that Damon brought up earlier. "About meeting your wolf… Can we do it in private? I would like to talk to him and also to see his true form. If he is willing to show me." 
Damon released the breath he was holding. "Alright." 
Damon knew that Talia will meet his wolf sooner or later, and his wolf promised to behave, but Damon was not sure how much he can trust the old guy because whenever Damon was not suppressing him, his fangs would come out when Talia was around, and Damon felt the need to mark her so that everyone knows she is his. It's not that Damon didn't want to mark Talia, but his wolf amplified that urge, and it was getting stronger by the day. 
Damon froze when he saw Talia licking her fingers clean. That little action looked incredibly sexy and Damon imagined Talia licking his cock that was straining his pants. 
The fact that she was oblivious to his arousal only made her more alluring. 
"Kitten…", Damon called in a hoarse voice. "You should stop that, or I will jump on you right here." 
Talia looked at him and her breath hitched. She didn't need to look down to know he was hard because she could recognize his heated gaze from a mile away. 
"What did I do?", Talia squeaked. 
A suppressed groan formed in Damon's throat, and he shook his head. She will be the end of him. Seductress. 
Damon's hand landed at the back of Talia's head, and he pulled her closer for a toe-curling kiss. And only one kiss was not enough. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon and Talia returned to the packhouse, and Talia was delighted to see that plates with food were in the oven that was set to keep the temperature on warm. 
The two of them ate and Talia was overjoyed to see that Damon cleaned the plate. 
She didn't know that was a different batch of food and not the one she prepared personally. 
Damon didn't think it mattered who prepared the food because the only thing important was Talia's smile that lit up his life. 
"Thank you, kitten. It was delicious.", Damon said while helping Talia keep used plates and utensils in the sink. "I hope you will cook for me again, when you have time." 
Talia's eyes lit up. "Really? You mean it?" 
"I told you, I don't lie.", Damon responded matter-of-factly, and he relished the feeling of Talia's joy that washed over him. 
Damon was in awe to see how little Talia needed to be happy, just like now. 
'Thanks, Steph, for re-doing the food', Damon mind-linked Stephanie. 
'You are welcome.' 
'I know that Lisa was not home for a while, but with Talia here, things are different. I will talk to Lisa.' 
Damon was not very close to Lisa, but a long time ago, their relationship was something like siblings. Considering that Lisa will probably be staying in the packhouse for some time, Damon wanted to set things straight and avoid future misunderstandings. 
Damon loved to see Talia's confidence growing over time, but he was aware it was still fragile. 
'Maybe you should give Lisa a day or two.', Stephanie suggested. 'She is not in the best mood right now.' 
'Alright.' 
Damon didn't think much about it. He assumed that Lisa's bad mood was related to Tony. He knew that hysteric women can be easily triggered and throw tantrums. 
Damon didn't know that Lisa's latest tantrum was related to Talia because Lisa thought that her punishment of re-making food and being reprimanded was all Talia's fault. 
With their bellies full, Damon and Talia went to the study to work on their tasks. 
Talia was at her desk, focused on the science lesson related to energy sources when Maya entered the study. 
Talia saw that Maya came to talk to Damon, so she mentally disconnected and returned her attention to studying. She really wanted to cram all that in record time and graduate, so that Damon can be proud of her. 
"They are here.", Maya told Damon. 
"Are you sure you got the right people?" 
"I traced the rumors and confirmed that these two were bragging how they put one of your admirers in place.", Maya responded. 
"Alright. Bring them in." 
Maya left the study and a minute later returned with two figures trailing after her. A second later, Caden came in also, and he stood with Maya on the side, while two women stood in front of Damon's desk. 
The newcomers were Ashley and Heather, the two women who approached Talia in front of the library on the previous day. 
"Alpha Damon", Ashley and Heather greeted in unison and bowed their heads in submission. 
From the moment the door opened, their eyes gravitated toward the left where Damon was, and they didn't notice a second desk on the right with Talia behind it. 
Ashley and Heather stood in attention behind two chairs while wondering why they were summoned by the Alpha. 
Maya didn't tell them why Alpha wanted to see them, and neither of them dared to remind him of the steamy encounter they shared a few years ago, but secretly, they hoped that Alpha Damon remembers it. Maybe that's why he called them? 
"Do you know why you are here?", Damon asked. 
Two women exchanged glances and then shook their heads. 
"No, Alpha." 
Damon gestured for them to sit on chairs that were opposite him, and both Ashley's and Heather's faces lit up with a smile. Permission to sit in front of an Alpha is a big deal. 
"I heard that yesterday you encountered a woman in front of the library. Do you mind telling me about it?" 
Talia really didn't want to listen in, but she was already there, and her ears perked up. Did Damon mention yesterday and the library? 
Talia glanced to the side, and she saw the backs of two females with blonde hair. Why did those two back-images filled with shiny hair resonate with the location of the library? 
Emboldened by Damon's friendly demeanor, Ashley responded. 
"We saw a woman lingering in front of the library and she looked familiar." 
Talia's brows came together when she recognized the voice, and she listened as Ashley continued. 
"When we realized she was the person from the magazine, we decided to approach her and introduce ourselves. She is the one who accompanied our Alpha to the event at the Lightclaw pack, and she was obviously a new face, so we wanted to extend our welcome. We didn't expect that she will be hostile." 
Damon's eyebrows shoot up. "Hostile?" He imagined his kitten with her claws out, and the mental image was adorable. 
Heather responded, "She refused to tell us anything about her background, and she pretended like she is a big deal." 
Ashley added, "And she even insinuated that she has some secret technique to ensnare you..." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 201 - The Perfect Plan Backfired
Talia's insides were churning as Ashley and Heather took turns in twisting what happened and making Talia appear like a bitter woman who was overreaching. 
It seemed that Damon called them. 
Was he curious about what happened? 
Did he think that she would enjoy watching this show? 
Heather's brows were furrowed into a concerned expression, and she leaned toward Damon, giving him a full view of her ample cleavage. "When Lia said that you belong to her, we had to warn her that she can't recklessly claim our Alpha. And when we pointed out that she is not marked, she started throwing insults at us…" 
Caden and Maya exchanged glances and shook their heads. Those two airheads were digging their own graves. 
Heather was about to say more, but Ashley gave her hand a squeeze, and Heather realized that Damon's expression darkened. 
"Did we do something wrong?", Ashley asked cautiously. 
"What you told me is unsettling.", Damon responded. "Regardless of the status, if a random woman stakes her claim on me, she will suffer consequences." 
Ashley and Heather had matching smiles that froze as Damon continued talking. 
"However, this is a serious accusation and I need to investigate thoroughly. You said that Lia acted out of line, but Doctor Travis told me that the two of you were bullying her." 
"That's not what happened.", Ashley was quick to deny it. Even if Travis was present, he didn't hear much. 
"Are you saying that he lied?" 
Ashley smiled innocently. "I'm not saying that he lied on purpose, but there is a chance he saw it wrongly. Lia bullied us. We were only standing up for ourselves. And for you." 
Damon nodded. "I feel that another perspective is missing. Should I look for Lia and see what she has to say?" 
Heather gulped audibly. "What would she say? Do you think she will admit to her wrongdoings?" 
"Whoever lies to me will suffer consequences." Damon craned his neck and glanced at Talia who was observing everything in silence. "Do you want to enlighten us and say what actually happened?" 
Talia stood up and walked toward Damon and when she glanced at Ashley and Heather, those two were so pale that it looked like their souls were about to leave their bodies. 
They didn't realize that Talia was here. And Talia being here before them, meant that Damon heard Talia's version of the story first. 
Damon was disappointed that Talia stopped moving on the side of his desk, and he extended his hand toward Talia, silently urging her to come closer. 
His stomach dropped when she didn't take it. 
Damon called these two blondes here so that Talia sees how he will stand up for her. Why was she rejecting him now? He didn't do anything wrong. 
After a few endless seconds, Damon retracted his hand. This was the first time that someone left him hanging! 
Talia didn't want to look at Damon. She was upset at him and she feared that if she meets his icy-blue eyes, her will might waver, so she focused on Ashley and Heather. 
Lies. Malice. Ridicule. Schemes. Beatings. Talia went through it all and she suffered greatly when no one cared to investigate and find the truth. For many years, Talia was a scapegoat for everything that went wrong. 
Now things were different, but this incident reminded Talia of the helplessness when she was wronged and powerless, and it made her nauseated. She hated it. 
"What do you think you will get by slandering me like that? How can you not care what will happen to me because of your lies? I remember you coming to me with a question about how I managed to hold onto Damon long enough to end up in a magazine? You behaved like you were inviting me to join a club for Damon's hookups when you spoke about his favorite poses and that he loves to take a woman from behind…" 
Damon's face fell. His hookups? Favorite poses? Taking a woman from behind? What the hell? 
A sense of crisis gripped his heart. 
Damon wanted to reach to Maya and Caden to see if they knew something about this, and maybe give him an exit strategy, but those two had their heads lowered and they were snickering silently. 
Were they mocking him? 
And sure, there it was, Caden spoke to Maya through the mind-link, 'Damon's perfect plan backfired. He wanted to fight for Talia's honor, but by the looks of it, his honor took a hit.' 
'You make it sound like he has honor', Maya responded. 
'Unless you are helping, I suggest you shut up!', Damon grumbled into the mind-link and both Caden and Maya stiffened. 
Damon took a mental note to reprimand them later. How can they enjoy the show when their Alpha was in a pinch? 
Things were looking bad and going to worse because Talia was not done. 
"You said Damon is keeping me hidden like a pet and that his interest in me will wane the moment he finds another woman who tickles his libido because I'm no different than the two of you or any other woman he used for one time fun…" 
Damon felt that the room was spinning. Why did those two disclose that he bedded them and insinuate that Talia is no more than a hookup? 
Wait! Damon didn't remember getting handsy with Ashley or Heather, but considering his past, that was not unusual. There were too many to remember. 
Ah, this was a disaster! 
No wonder Talia needed time to cool down yesterday. And no wonder she didn't take his hand now. 
She probably saw him as dirty. 
Talia was like a perfect Goddess who shone brightly, and next to her, Damon felt like the lowest scum of Earth. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon needed to salvage this situation and he needed to make it fast because Talia's temper was flaring and as much as he enjoyed seeing her put people in their place, he had a feeling that soon Talia's fury will be directed at him. 
He waited for Talia to pause to catch her breath and then he intervened. 
"So, you lied to your Alpha?", Damon asked Ashley and Heather who were already drenched in sweat because Talia's aura weighted on them, making it difficult to breathe. 
Damon could feel the pressure Talia exerted and he wondered if that was her maximum, or if she was still unlocking her potential. In either case, she was magnificent. He reminded himself to stay focused. 
"Answer me!", Damon used an Alpha command and both Ashley and Heather nodded with pained expressions on their faces. 
In front of an Alpha command that directly impacts the werewolf's mind, one had to submit and respond truthfully, unless he had the strength to resist. It was obvious that neither Ashley nor Heather had the capacity to resist Damon's command. 
"You will be sent to the dungeon until we decide on the right punishment.", Damon said. 
"Dungeon?", Ashley asked breathily. "We were just talking. I request that Elders investigate and decide if any punishment is needed." 
"Elders don't have jurisdiction when the crime was done against members of the Alpha family.", Damon said sternly. "Slandering your Luna falls into that category." 
Both Ashley and Heather looked at Damon and then at Talia in disbelief. 
Without giving Talia chance to react, Damon pulled her to sit on his lap, and his arms locked around her waist firmly as he spoke to Heather and Ashley, "You heard me right. This is Talia. My fated mate. Your future Luna, who will decide on your punishment, when she feels like it. Until then, use your time in the dungeon to think about what you did and how your actions would impact the person you slandered if she was anyone other than Talia." 
Damon glanced at Caden and Maya. "Take them away." 
"Let's go…", Caden said sternly, and Ashley and Heather stood up robotically and walked out, dragging their feet with dreadful expressions like they were only seconds from parting with their souls. 
When the door closed, Damon cupped Talia's cheek with his palm and made her turn to look at him. 
"I'm sorry, kitten. These things shouldn't happen. Once we announce you as the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, no one will dare to provoke you like this." 
Talia was not sure if Damon will really make this whole Talia-as-the-Luna show public, but even if he does that, it won't erase his past as a man-whore. 
Ashley and Heather came forward and spoke openly, and if they thought of Talia as Damon's Luna, they probably wouldn't do that, but it wouldn't change what Damon did with them. 
"I know that it's normal for an Alpha to sleep around, but…" Talia's heart was heavy, and she couldn't put her thoughts into words. 
No matter how disgusted she was at the thought of Damon being intimate with other women, when he was this close, holding her, the only thing she could see was him and everything else faded into insignificance. And how can she be angry at him for things he did before they met? 
Damon's heart cracked as Talia's emotions poured into him, and he tightened his hold on Talia, fearing that she will leave him. 
"I'm sorry…" 
"Don't.", Talia interrupted him. "If you are truly sorry, don't let it happen again." 
Damon smiled a little when he realized that Talia used the same words he said to her more than once. 
Talia balled her hand into a fist and gave him a weak punch in the chest. 
"You big dummy.", Talia said with a pout. "You said that I will be your last. As long as that promise stands, we will be fine." 
"That promise will stand forever.", Damon said. He made a cross over his chest with his index finger, where his heart is, indicating his sincerity. 
Talia leaned on Damon, and he cradled her in his arms, and they sat like that in silence for a long time. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 202 - Guests Are Coming [Bonus ]
Talia lost track of time while sitting on Damon's lap, using his firm body as a super-luxurious chair that came with the extra service of his fingers running through her hair. 
She really loved Damon's solid warmth and his addictive scent, but unfortunately, they couldn't stay like that forever. 
Both of their desks were cluttered, reminding them that they have work to do. 
Before returning to their duties, Talia had a few questions. 
"Damon?" 
"Hmm?" 
"What will happen to those two women?" 
Damon didn't care about Ashley or Heather. "Whatever you want. But don't let them go easily. Unless you show them you are in charge, they will see it as a weakness and try again. Even if they don't come at you directly, they will gossip and incite others." 
Talia wondered, wouldn't they gossip and scheme more if she gives them a hard time? 
"Do you really expect me to decide on their punishment?" 
"You don't want to?", Damon responded with a question. "They approached you with bad intentions. This is your chance to teach them a lesson and set an example for others." 
Others? "Should I punish every woman you slept with?" 
Damon could feel Talia's irritability that was laced with sadness and a mix of emotions swelled inside him. Shame. Anger. Regret. 
He rested his forehead on Talia's shoulder and tightened his hold on her. 
"Fuck", Damon cursed under his breath. "If I had a time machine, I would go back in past and slap my previous self until I engrave into his mind that he needs to save himself for you." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. 
Why did she bring up the point of Damon's hookup habits? 
Does she have the right to admonish him? 
Why was he apologizing instead of being his usually domineering Alpha? 
It seemed he was really sorry and that he cared about her opinion. 
The truth was that he couldn't change the past, and Talia wondered why did it bother her so much. And there was one more thing… 
"If you had a time machine, I would ask you not to use it." 
Damon lifted his head to look at her. "I thought that you were bothered by…" He struggled to find the right words. "…my past." 
To say that she wasn't would be a lie, but Talia looked at that from a different perspective. 
Talia put her hand on Damon's cheek and smiled a little. "If you are not this Damon, the Damon of right now, you wouldn't go to the Red Moon pack, and we wouldn't meet." 
Damon looked at Talia in awe. "Do you always see the good side of things?" 
"Not really.", she admitted. Talia always thought of herself as realistic, but the truth was that she often succumbed to negativity, except for… "When I am with you, it's different." 
Damon's interest piqued. "How different?" 
Talia was not really sure how to explain, and it was a bit embarrassing. 
"Tell me, kitten. I really want to know.", Damon said with his best puppy-eyed look that Talia couldn't resist. He was silly and adorable and incredibly handsome, and she inhaled deeply before responding in a small voice, "You make me feel like…" Talia hesitated. 
Damon's eyes widened in anticipation. "Like?" 
"Like… anything is possible. Like… as long as we are together, everything will be alright." 
A big smile bloomed on Damon's face as Talia's words echoed in his mind. 
"I feel the same about you." He really did. "As long as we are together, everything will be alright, so, don't leave me, kitten." 
Actually, he felt more, much more, but he couldn't put it into words, so he inched closer in slow motion and pecked her lips once, twice, and then Talia's arms moved around his neck, and he deepened the kiss and the whole world faded, leaving only the two of them tasting each other while their hearts beat as one. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
It was late in the afternoon when Talia's phone rang. 
She paused the education video about solar cells and her eyes lit up when she saw who it was. Kalina. 
"Hi Lina!", Talia exclaimed enthusiastically, and then she shrunk in her chair and glanced at Damon who was working at his desk. It took him a second to shoot her a glance with a smile that made her heart skip a beat. 
"Hi Lia!", Kalina greeted back. "Is this a good time to talk?" 
"Sure.", Talia responded in a low voice, careful not to disturb Damon whose gaze returned to the documents in front of him. 
"Guess what?", Kalina asked. 
"What?" 
"Today I will finally finish with Luna-to-be activities, and that means Tony and I can come to your pack starting tomorrow. Let me know when you are ready to receive us. Tony will bring four additional people, but those four are fine to stay with warriors…" 
Talia's heart fluttered. It's happening! Guests are coming! And she will be the host! 
"OK. Got it.", Talia responded. "So, it's you and Tony and four more people. I will talk to Damon and get back to you. What about Mindy?" 
"Do you expect me to invite Mindy to stay at your place? You should do that." 
Talia thought how that made sense. "Alright. I will give her a call. I will let you know once I figure out her availability." 
"We are having guests?", Damon asked Talia when she ended the call. 
With his werewolf hearing, Damon heard both Talia and Kalina, but he still wanted to hear from Talia. 
"Kalina, Tony, and four more people. Kalina said that those four are fine to stay with warriors." 
"You can tell Steph to handle the warriors so that you focus on settling people who will stay in the packhouse.", Damon suggested. 
"Didn't you say that people coming with Tony should be his close associates?", Talia asked. Damon told her how Tony is at risk of becoming an Alpha without anyone reliable by his side unless he befriends capable people soon, and the fact that he was bringing people must be one of his befriending attempts. 
"I did.", Damon confirmed. 
"If they are close, they should all stay in the packhouse. Tony will learn from you, and those guys can learn from Caden. Besides, we have plenty of rooms here.", Talia said, and Damon had to agree with this logic. 
Damon admired Talia's mind that considered the big picture, and also focused on details. She was the perfect Luna. 
Talia held onto her phone and stood up. "I will call Mindy and check if she can come also." 
Damon didn't like the idea that Talia was leaving the study. "You can make the call from here." 
Talia refused. "I don't want to disturb you. There is a good chance we will talk about more than just her schedule." Talia gave Damon a meaningful look. "Girl talk." 
Damon watched helplessly as Talia walked out of the study. It's not that he wanted to control everything, but whenever Talia was not in his visual range, Damon would become restless. And just like many times before, he had a bad feeling about this. 
He was on pins and needles for the next fifteen minutes. 
What is taking so long? Did Talia forget that she needs to return? Did she get lost? What if something bad happened? 
Only when the door of the study opened, did Damon settle his racing thoughts. Talia was back. 
She was holding onto her phone, a notepad, and a pen. 
Talia saw that Damon's attention was on her, so she spoke enthusiastically, "Alright. We have eleven people coming. I told them to plan tentatively to arrive three days from now, and that I will confirm the exact timing by tomorrow morning. What do you say? Can they come in three days?" 
As Damon's assistant, Talia knew his schedule and since he didn't plan any trips, it should be fine, but she still wanted to confirm with him. 
Damon was stuck on one thing. "Eleven people?" 
Tony, Kalina, and four more make six, and if Mindy is coming, that's seven. Who are the other four? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 203 - Guests Are Coming (2)
Talia explained the number of guests to Damon. 
"You know that Kalina and Tony will bring four people, and Mindy will come with Max." Talia made a pause because Damon frowned at the mentioning of Maddox, and when Damon waved his hand, she continued, "Axel will also come with Tyler and Kai." 
Damon's frown deepened. "Why is Axel coming?" 
"When I spoke to Mindy, Max was nearby and he was on a call with Axel, and since it's a social visit and Axel has some free time, Axel asked if he can come…", Talia's voice trailed. "It's fine, right?" 
"Right.", Damon said stiffly. Something didn't sound right. If Max was on the call with Axel, how could Axel hear what Talia and Mindy were talking about? 
But even if Damon accepts that unlikely situation as real, there was the fact that members of the Midnight Guardians pack are not social butterflies; unless there is some official function, they keep to themselves. And Damon still didn't forget Axel's unusual interest in Talia. 
The more Damon thought about this, the more his suspicions grew. 
Talia's face fell. "I can see that you disapprove. Should I tell Axel, Tyler, and Kai that they can't come? But I already said they are welcome. Will they be upset if I go back on my word?" 
Damon didn't have the heart to spoil this for Talia. "Don't worry about it, kitten. Eleven guests in three days. You can tell them to come in time for lunch. Make sure to notify Steph that we will have guests, she likes to shop for groceries in advance. As their host, you should make sure their rooms are ready, and think of some entertainment options. Tony said that he wants to train, so I will take care of the guys, and you should figure out something for the girls, and maybe something that we can all do together. Steph and Maya can give you a hand." 
Talia's eyes were sparkling from excitement, and she hopped toward Damon to give him a smacking kiss on the cheek. "Thank you, Damon. This will be fun." 
When Talia tried to inch away, she realized that Damon's arms were around her waist and that she can't budge. 
Damon's expression challenged her in a where-do-you-think-you-are-going manner. 
"Do you think that one kiss on the cheek is enough to thank me for eleven guests?" 
Talia understood that he was asking for more kisses. On the lips, probably. 
Part of her wanted to point out how some of those guests are his. Actually, most of those guests were his. But another part of Talia was eager to pay Damon in requested currency (aka kisses), with interest. 
The second part won, and Talia moved to sit on his lap. 
"How many kisses are enough?" 
Damon hummed while his eyes roamed over her face that was getting redder by the second. Even when she acted boldly, Talia's cute blush was proof of her inexperience. Damon really adored this shy side of her. 
"From you, kitten… it's never enough." 
Talia's heart skipped a beat when Damon inched closer, and her toes curled when he deepened the kiss. It was that good. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
It was dinnertime when Lisa left her room unwillingly. 
Stephanie gave her a lesson on how she needs to get down from her high horse, she was forced to cook, and then Stephanie said how she will not be bringing any food into Lisa's room anymore. If Lisa wanted to eat, she needed to either make something for herself or come to the dining room, like everyone else. 
It's not that Lisa had a problem with eating in the dining room, but Maya and Caden saw Lisa being humiliated in the kitchen, and she didn't want to face them. On top of that, everyone knew that Tony dumped her, and it didn't seem that anyone cared because other than her mother, no one came to check on her and offer some words of comfort. 
Lisa understood that her mother was triggered when Alpha Damon ordered them to remake food that Lisa ruined, but Lisa really didn't understand what's such a big deal about it. It was just a meal and a very simple one. Did Talia blow it out of proportion? 
Why would Stephanie, Maya, and Caden defend the new face (aka Talia) so ardently? Is it because Talia is a wolf-less she-wolf and they feel sorry for her? 
Lisa felt like everyone was against her! 
If it's up to Lisa, she would never come out of her room, but alas, she was hungry and she dragged herself toward the dining room that was unexpectedly lively. The cutlery made clinking noises, indicating that people were working on their dinner, and excited chatter filled the air. Did they have guests? 
Lisa peeked in to see that Maya and Stephanie were talking with Talia while Caden and Damon were eating and listening to the commotion. 
The picture looked harmonious, like a family sharing a meal in a good mood, and Lisa was dejected that all this was happening without her. 
In the packhouse of the Lightclaw pack, there were always at least a few Omegas ready to serve her at any moment and this was… different. 
Lisa felt like an outsider. 
She was standing at the door, and no one acknowledged her. Considering that there were five werewolves at the table, they should be able to notice her. 
Lisa didn't get it. Why was Talia eating with them at the table? Why were they acting so close? And why was Talia sitting on Damon's left? Isn't Talia just an Omega? 
Sure, Stephanie told Lisa not to think of Talia as Omega, but if Talia was not Omega, why would she work in the kitchen? And Talia even prepared a separate meal for Damon. 
Lisa spent years with Tony, and she never cooked. In the Lightclaw pack, they know the order. Omegas perform those low-level jobs like cooking and cleaning, and how much Lisa knew, the same was valid for the Dark Howlers pack. 
Lisa cleared her throat and chatter stopped abruptly. 
"Hi Lisa, nice of you to join us.", Stephanie said. "Don't just stand there. Help yourself…" Stephanie gestured toward the spot on her right where an empty plate was with clean utensils. Stephanie set it up with the hope that Lisa will join them. 
Lisa approached the table, and her eyes flashed when she saw Damon cutting meat that was obviously on Talia's plate, and everyone was acting like it was a totally normal thing. 
Seeing that Lisa was settling into a chair, Stephanie continued talking with Talia, "As I was saying, don't do everything yourself. Ask Rosa to set up the rooms. You should only check when it's done." 
Talia really didn't want to interact with Rosa. "Can I borrow Zina and Dawn?" 
Damon's ears perked up. "Is something wrong with Rosa?" 
Talia's mouth opened and closed without making a sound and she needed a second to come up with a response. She didn't want to cause trouble for anyone. 
"No, no. I mean, I don't know. I'm familiar with Zina and Dawn and the three of us can set up the rooms in a jiffy.", Talia said. 
Stephanie didn't agree. "I told you to let them do it. Other than Rosa, there are a few more Omegas on cleaning duty. You need to tell them which rooms to prepare and check if everything is in order once the work is done. I admire your eagerness to do it yourself, but you can't do it all. Learn to delegate." 
"I don't mind working. It's not a big deal to set up the bed and vacuum.", Talia said with the best smile she could muster. 
Talia didn't want to say that she was not comfortable with the idea of ordering others what to do. 
If it's up to Talia, she would do everything herself, but Damon told her to get help because he needs her as his assistant. The truth was that Damon wanted Talia to study and not bother with those menial tasks anyone can do. 
Lisa put food on her plate and took a seat. 
By now, she understood that someone was coming to the packhouse. But why was Talia in charge of Omegas who were setting up the rooms? Was Stephanie training Talia to work as her replacement? 
Lisa decided to eat and listen. For now. 
As the dinner progressed, Lisa realized that it was difficult to focus on the conversation because she couldn't stop staring at Damon and Talia. Damon was cutting things for Talia, and feeding her, and Talia accepted all that pampering like it happened many times before. 
And Lisa definitely noticed the way Talia and Damon looked at each other. It was not surprising to see a big smile on Talia's face, because any she-wolf would be moved when an Alpha is giving her special treatment, but Lisa had difficulty understanding why Damon looked at Talia like she was the only girl in the world. 
Lisa's eyes lost focus as she drifted off into her memories. Only a week ago she was next to Tony as they shared a meal. Tony never cut food for Lisa or fed her, but they did many other things together and she still missed him immensely. Her heart tightened at the thought of how that will never happen again because Tony found his mate and that was not her. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 204 - Guests Are Coming (3)
"Lisa? Are you done with food?" 
Stephanie's voice pulled Lisa out of her stupor and Lisa realized that it was only the two of them at the table. 
How long was she spacing out? 
"The others left?", Lisa asked the obvious. 
"Yes. They went to the study for evening debriefing, and the two of us should clean up the table." 
Lisa's eyes widened like she just heard something outrageous. 
"Why should we clean up? Where are Omegas?" Whenever Lisa was in the packhouse of the Lightclaw pack with Tony, Omegas served Lisa, and when she was in her aunt's house, her aunt did everything. 
"Omegas left when dinner was ready, as always. They prefer to eat at their home. Normally, I clean up after dinner, but now that you are here, I expect you to help me.", Stephanie said. When she saw that Lisa frowned in disapproval, she urged her. "Come on. You need to do something and collecting plates and putting them in the dishwasher is not a big deal. We will be done in ten minutes." 
Lisa was not willing. It was not about the time, but about the lost dignity. "What about Talia?" 
"What about her?" 
"Why is she not helping with cleanup?" 
"She is in the study with Damon, Caden, and Maya." 
Lisa's expression worsened. How can Talia mingle with the high-ranking members while Lisa was stuck to clean up the table? "Why is Talia with them?" 
"Talia is working as Alpha's assistant." 
Lisa blinked rapidly. Alpha's assistant is a big upgrade for an Omega. "Is she Damon's assistant, or is she working in the kitchen?" 
Stephanie shook her head. "Everyone is contributing in any way they can. Talia is catching up on her studies, working as Damon's assistant, and she is helping in the kitchen when she can. Also, Doctor Travis is teaching her about medicine. She hopes to get a job in the pack hospital eventually." 
The more Lisa listened, the more fantastic it sounded. How can one person do all that? And that was not just any person, that was a wolf-less she-wolf. 
But even if Talia had two brains and six arms, Lisa didn't think that Talia was a big deal. 
The story about Talia doing all those things must be exaggerated, or maybe Talia cast some spell on everyone in the packhouse. There was no other explanation why everyone would think highly of Talia. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
'CLINK! CLANG! TING!' 
Plates and utensils made cringing noise as Lisa was keeping them in the dishwasher with more force than necessary. 
"Whatever you break, you will need to replace out of your pocket.", Stephanie said irritably. She knew that Lisa didn't want to help with cleanup but breaking dishes out of anger was too much. 
"Does that rule apply to Omegas also?", Lisa asked stiffly. 
"It applies only to ones who break things on purpose." 
Lisa grumbled something unintelligibly and continued loading the dishwasher, this time with care. 
Lisa remembered something. "Mom, is Talia going to take over your duties in the packhouse?" 
Stephanie was not sure from where that came. "Why do you ask?" 
"I heard you talk over dinner. Guests are coming and she will be the host. That's something you always did." 
Stephanie wouldn't mind if Talia took over her duties in the packhouse. There were so many other things Stephanie wanted to do, but she didn't have enough time, and if Talia steps in, Stephanie will be grateful. 
However, until that is confirmed, Stephanie could only respond with, "Talia will be the host because her friends are coming." 
Lisa paused. "Talia has friends who are qualified to stay in the packhouse?" 
"They are high-ranking members from several packs." 
Disbelief was obvious on Lisa's face. "Really? From which packs?" 
Stephanie was not sure how to respond to this, fearing that Lisa will be upset again. But Lisa was bound to find out about it one way or another, and it's probably for the best that Stephanie breaks this information to Lisa without any witnesses. 
"The Blue River pack, the Midnight Guardians pack, and the Lightclaw pack." 
"What?", Lisa asked breathily while her heart thundered against her chest. "Did I hear you right? Did you say… the Lightclaw pack? Who is coming?" 
Stephanie started from the beginning. "Alpha Maddox and his sister Mindy from the Blue River pack, future Alpha Axel and his Beta and Gamma from the Midnight Guardians pack, and from the Lightclaw pack we will host six people… Future Alpha Anthony and Kalina included." 
Lisa stared at her mother. She had so many questions. 
"How is it possible that a lowly she-wolf like Talia knows them?" 
In two quick steps, Stephanie was in front of Lisa, and she grabbed the latter's shoulders harshly. 
"Mind your language, Lisa. If Alpha Damon finds out that you are badmouthing Talia, he will punish you." Actually, even Stephanie was fed up with Lisa's behavior. "Some of those people were here for the Summer Solstice festival, and Talia attended Kalina's Luna announcement ceremony. Why wouldn't Talia be familiar with them? She is a nice girl." 
The more Stephanie reprimanded Lisa, the more indignant Lisa became. 
"Why is Damon allowing Tony and Kalina to come? Didn't you bring me here to stay away from Tony and his mate? How is it fine for them to come here?" 
It's not that Stephanie didn't understand Lisa's point of view, and in a way, she was right. However, there was nothing they could do about this. 
"Tony is coming here as the future Alpha of the Lightclaw pack. It has nothing to do with you and it's normal that his mate will accompany him. Like it or not, Kalina will be the Luna of the Lightclaw pack. They will be here in three days, and no one is sure how long they will stay, but we are planning for at least one week. I don't expect you to smile and welcome them, but if you can't be civil, I suggest you plan to stay away. Either go back to your aunt until they leave, or we can plan for something else." 
Lisa's sight blurred from angry tears. She left the Lightclaw pack because she couldn't stand the ridicule. Everyone knew that Tony dumped her, and they were either mocking her openly or offering fake pity. And after enduring all that, Tony and his mate, the sources of Lisa's misery were coming here. 
"You are sending me away? Isn't this my house?" 
Stephanie's heart cracked. "This is your home, and it always will be. But it's also the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack. Delegations from other packs will be staying here as needed, and we can't allow our personal feelings to jeopardize relationships between packs." 
Lisa narrowed her eyes irritably, shook Stephanie's hands away, and stomped out of the kitchen. 
Stephanie wanted to remind Lisa that she didn't finish with the dishes, but considering Lisa's mood, Stephanie feared that all dishes will be broken. Stephanie gave up on calling Lisa and resumed loading the dishwasher, where Lisa left. 
… 
Lisa threw herself on her bed and the fluffy pillow muffled her scream. 
She was hurt, helpless, and furious. 
Ever since Tony found his mate, Lisa's life was spiraling downward. 
Everyone knew that she was dating Tony, and they all treated her as the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack. As the news of Tony and Kalina spread, people started looking at Lisa in a different light. 
Lisa is a prideful she-wolf but she couldn't hold her head high when everyone was ridiculing her. 
She thought that coming home will give her a breather, but Talia's presence was unexpected. 
Lisa didn't like that Talia was here, acting like she owns the place, but she hated the most that everyone seemed to like Talia for some unknown reason. How Lisa saw it, there was nothing special about Talia. 
And how is it possible that Talia knows all those impressive people? 
Lisa pushed herself into a seated position and reached for her tablet. 
She avoided going online because she didn't want to see messages and emails from her friends, and she definitely didn't want to see news related to Tony and Kalina, but now she had to check something. 
Lisa navigated to the web page of WW Magazine (the source of news and gossip for the werewolf community) and Lisa's stomach cramped into a hundred painful knots when she saw that trending topic was the newly mated couple, Tony and Kalina. 
There was a photo of Tony and Kalina holding each other, locked in a gaze full of emotions, and on their left and right were Alpha Magnus and Luna Alicia. 
Lisa wiped the tears with the back of her hand. That was her spot, damn it! 
She looked at the next trending topic and she saw that it was related to Alpha Damon and Talia (aka Lia). 
Lisa couldn't believe that there were several articles covering Damon and his date for Kalina's Luna announcement ceremony. There were photos of them in various intimate poses that showed how Talia is much more than just Damon's assistant. They were feeding each other, dancing, kissing… 
What the hell? 
Jealousy swelled inside Lisa. 
Talia was on those photos smiling not only with Damon, but with Mindy and Kalina, and Lisa could clearly see that they were sitting at the same table and having a blast. The caption under the photo was: "New generation that will shape our society". 
Lisa gritted her teeth while looking at the smiling faces that seemed to mock her misery. 
That was supposed to be her! 
She was supporting Tony for years! How can she be forgotten overnight? 
Why was no one seeing Kalina as an impostor? 
Lisa never liked Mindy. On a few occasions they met, Mindy always acted high and mighty, treating Lisa like air. 
And Talia… Lisa's insides burned, and she thought that she might vomit from anger. How can a lowly Omega end up with so much glory? 
To sprinkle salt on Lisa's wound, since Tony found out that Lisa was not his mate, Tony didn't bring Lisa to any of those high-profile events. Lisa became invisible, but she swallowed it all while convincing herself how Tony will realize that she is the best choice to be his Luna, and then all her suffering will be worth it. 
Kalina showed up and ruined everything! 
Lisa imagined her Luna party many times. The mood would be good, Tony would hover around her, and everyone would want to suck up to future Luna Lisa. 
Unfortunately, those were just dreams because the reality was that when the day of that party came, Kalina took Lisa's place, and Tony celebrated with hundreds of people, while Lisa was drowning in her sorrow. 
Where is justice? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 205 - Plans For Their Morning Apart [Bonus ]
Then next morning… 
Talia and Damon were in bed, holding each other and discussing their plans for the day. 
Normally, they would spend the day together, but Damon had several things to handle outside the packhouse, and considering that Talia was making arrangements as the host for their guests, it was inevitable that they will spend some time apart. 
"Rose will wait for you after breakfast to get instructions about the rooms.", Damon told Talia. 
Damon could feel Talia's displeasure at the mentioning of Rose, but unless Talia spoke up, he was determined to push Rose in front of Talia. He was hoping that Talia will tell him what's wrong with Rose, but she just sighed with a "Fine". 
"If something is bothering you, you can tell me.", Damon urged her. 
Talia didn't want to tell him about her interaction with Rose. Actually, other than being nosy and scarcely dressed, Rose didn't do anything wrong. Sure, that irked Talia, but she didn't want to nitpick. 
"I was just thinking about Lisa.", Talia diverted the topic. 
"What about her?" 
"I'm sure that she is uncomfortable with Tony and Lina coming here." Talia looked up at Damon. "You said that you will talk to her." 
Damon made a face. He really didn't want to talk to Lisa, but he promised to Talia so… "After breakfast, I need to do rounds with warriors. It should be done within an hour and after that, I will talk to Lisa. Or after lunch. Today, definitely." 
"Are you procrastinating?", Talia asked in a teasing voice. 
"Me? No. I'm just... prioritizing.", Damon responded matter-of-factly. "Soothing Lisa's heartbreak is not on my list of important tasks, but I know that you want to avoid drama when Tony and Kalina come so I will talk to her today." 
Talia's heart was moved. He was doing it for her. Can he be any sweeter? 
Damon thought how Talia was adorable, thinking about the comfort of others, like a real Luna she is. 
"You shouldn't worry too much about Lisa. She will get over it. After all, she is young with plenty of time to find her mate, and until then, Lisa has a loving mother, and all the resources she wants." 
"But she doesn't have Tony.", Talia said. 
"You are talking like you know how it feels to be dumped." 
Damon frowned while thinking that someone would dare to dump Talia. And then his frown deepened at the thought that Talia had a romantic interest. Damon felt an urge to spill the blood of Talia's imaginary ex-boyfriend. 
Talia was not sure why Damon was frowning, so she quickly explained, "I don't know how it feels to be dumped, but I know that it's easy to get used to good things in life. You might think that Lisa will look at her situation ively, but she is hurt, and the only thing she can think of is what she lost when Tony found Lina." 
"True. But it's up to a person if one will succumb to negativity or focus on the positives. Every situation has two sides. When my parents died… It was hard. But I focused on the living people who needed me to tell them that things are going to be alright. Whenever I thought about giving up, I imagined what would happen with my people if I failed to guide them as their Alpha. If I was weak, other packs would divide my land and my people, and I believed that if that happens, then the people who killed my parents truly won." 
Talia didn't breathe while absorbing every Damon's word. She knew that he was opening up to her and this was important. 
Seeing that Talia's honeyed eyes were waiting for him to continue, he tapped the tip of her nose with his index finger before saying, "Lisa needs to decide if she will stay in that room and feel sorry for herself, or will she come out and do something. No one can make that decision for her. By continuing with her current behavior, Lisa is only harming herself and her loved ones." 
Talia thought how Damon was wise. "You should tell that to Lisa." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "Do you really want to talk about other women while we are in bed, naked?" 
Talia swallowed hard when she felt his erection pressing on her lower belly. They were having a serious conversation, but now it took a sudden turn. 
"I thought we were talking about our plans for the day.", Talia said, slightly breathy. 
Damon smiled slyly. "Yeah. We discussed what we will do after breakfast, but there is still this gap before breakfast that needs to be filled with… activities." 
Talia wanted to say how they don't have so much time until breakfast, but before she could say anything, her arms already moved around Damon and his toe-curling kiss erased any thoughts that were not related to Damon, Talia, or the bed they were on. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
With Caden back in the packhouse, breakfast was lively again. 
Caden and Damon were discussing drills they will be doing with warriors, and Talia listened with great interest. 
Stephanie had her breakfast in the kitchen, as usually, and Maya was chewing the waffle absentmindedly while checking something on her tablet. 
Talia loved that Damon would occasionally turn to her and explain what he and Caden were talking about. It helped her understand the basics of warrior training and how ranking and reporting structures work in the Dark Howlers pack. 
After breakfast, Damon and Caden will be joining the generals in quarterly evaluation where prospective candidates for promotion will be completing various challenges and if they meet the requirements, they will raise up the ranks. 
Higher rank meant a higher salary and more responsibilities, and of course, more bragging rights, but this was not something anyone could accomplish. It required a lot of hard work and preparations, and no one took it lightly, especially because Damon and Caden were there to personally oversee the final stages. 
It sounded very exciting. 
Talia really wanted to see that for herself, but she had a list of tasks that needed to be accomplished before guests come, and there was no time to dilly-dally on sightseeing. Besides, these evaluations were done every three months, so there was always the next time, and she was sure that Damon will take her if she asks. 
Talia didn't realize that she started making plans for the future that included Damon. One week ago, she wouldn't dare think beyond what was happening at that moment, but little by little, the door of possibilities was opening, and Talia dared to dream. 
At some point, Lisa entered the dining room and took a seat at the table. 
Maya, Caden, Talia, and Damon threw quick glances at Lisa, silently acknowledging her presence before resuming their previous activities. 
Talia felt weird, but she didn't dare to start a conversation with Lisa. Their first interaction left a bad taste in Talia's mouth, and Talia was not sure if Lisa will hate her for being friends with Kalina. 
Talia's discomfort lasted less than a minute because Damon finished putting fruits and whipped cream on the waffle he already cut, and he started feeding her. It was easy for Talia to forget about everything when Damon was around and showering her with his attention. 
Lisa was trying to stay focused on food, but her sight gravitated to Damon and Talia who were lost in their own bubble. 
"Ah!", Talia exclaimed softly when Damon smeared whipped cream on her upper lip on purpose. 
He chuckled because Talia looked like she had a white mustache. 
"You did that on purpose", Talia said with a pout. 
Damon didn't deny it. It was on purpose. 
"I apologize. Let me fix it…" 
Before Talia could react, he was holding her head in place and licking the whipped cream, and one second later, that action turned into a kiss. 
Talia wanted to push Damon away because others were watching and it was not appropriate, but she ended up fisting his shirt and responding to his kiss. It was dark chocolate with whipped cream. Delicious. 
Lisa couldn't believe that Damon and Talia were making out during breakfast, at the table. 
Maya and Caden pretended not to see anything, so Lisa swallowed whatever she wanted to say, together with the dog food Damon and Talia were serving. 
Over the years, Lisa saw Damon with many women. He would always be aloof and domineering, and with Talia, he acted like an enamored teenager. What made Talia so special? 
Tony never treated Lisa like that. In public, they would hold hands, and Tony's arm would be draped over Lisa's shoulder, and everyone knew that when she spent the night in Tony's room they were not playing dominoes. 
There was a time when Tony looked at Lisa with the fire in his eyes, but the moment he confirmed they are not mates, Tony's behavior changed, and he became more reserved. 
Yes, Stephanie advised Lisa to end the relationship right there, but Lisa still hoped that Tony will change his mind. By refusing to give up, she gained two years long extension and now that it was over, she wished for a bit more. A lot more. 
Lisa was not sure if she was more upset because Damon was giving Talia attention that Lisa didn't get from Tony, or because this reminded Lisa that Tony was out of her reach. Forever. 
And there was the point that Damon barely acknowledged Lisa's presence when Talia was around. 
How can she not feel dejected? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 206 - Confrontation With Lisa
Later that morning… 
Talia exited the guestroom where Rose and Kate were cleaning the bathroom, and she smiled happily. 
Talia thought that her interaction with Rose might be bumpy, but now Talia realized that she worried for nothing. 
After breakfast, Talia and Damon parted ways. Maya and Caden also left the packhouse, and Talia found that two Omegas (aka Rosa and Kate) were waiting for her in the kitchen. 
Talia, Rose, and Kate inspected the rooms that need to be prepared, and Rose and Kate listened attentively to Talia's instructions. 
Omegas will start with cleaning bathrooms and then proceed with dusting and vacuuming before setting up the beds with the fresh bed linen. By mid-afternoon, Talia can inspect it and if anything else is needed, Rose and Kate will handle it before heading home for the day. 
Maya told Talia that she will accompany her after lunch to Darkbourne to buy small chocolates, soaps, and welcome cards that Talia can arrange for guests, as a small welcome package. And then the two of them will sit and discuss various activities in the newly opened cafe that was close to the town square. 
Damon and Caden said that they will join the girls, if their schedule allows it, at least for the cafe part. 
Guests were due to arrive in two days which left Talia with one full day to handle the details. 
Talia was buzzing with excitement. 
Once she was done with Rose and Kate, Talia had free time until her training session. 
Looking at the time, Talia knew that Damon was still busy with warriors, so she decided to head to the study. Her plan was to check emails and watch educational videos until Damon returns. 
Damon promised that before lunch they will go to the gym and train, and Talia was looking forward to the shower that will happen after training. 
She bit her lower lip and smiled mischievously while remembering Damon's expression and all the sounds Damon made when she took him into her mouth. At that time, they were in the shower enclosure, she was on her knees in front of him, his face was veiled with lust and pleasure, and she was in control. 
She was so bold! 
Talia really wanted to do it again. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia was a few steps from reaching the study when she realized that the door was open and Lisa's form came out. 
Talia had a bad feeling about this, and her instincts screamed that she should avoid meeting Lisa. 
It's not that Talia was afraid of Lisa, but Talia knew that Lisa was in a bad state of mind, and considering Talia's friendship with Kalina, Talia feared that Lisa will hate her. 
On top of that, their first interaction was not good, and Talia didn't want things to escalate. 
Lisa was going through a heartbreak, Stephanie is her mother, Lisa is now living in the same packhouse as Talia, and Damon told Talia that Lisa was the closest thing he had to a sister. How can Talia offend her? 
Talia's plan was to avoid Lisa until Damon confirms that Lisa was fine, but Lisa was right there. Where could Talia go? 
Talia glanced up and down the hallway and she cursed her luck. There was no one. 
Lisa froze when she saw Talia. 
Lisa met with Talia a few times, but this was the first time without others present. And Lisa now knew that Damon and Talia have a special relationship. 
Lisa's mood worsened as she remembered how Stephanie praised Talia. Talia is working, studying, learning… Talia this, Talia that. And now that Lisa got another look at Talia, she concluded that Talia was nothing special. 
Why was Damon giving attention to Talia? There were so many more attractive she-wolves, even among Omegas. 
"Can I help you?", Talia asked. She saw that Lisa scrutinized her and Talia wanted to be done with it. 
"I was looking for Damon." 
Talia thought how this was odd. No one just comes to look for Damon and misses him because everyone would usually mind-link him first to confirm where he is and if they can come. But then… Lisa lived with the Lightclaw pack for a decade, did she change loyalty? Or maybe she didn't have the right to mind-link Damon directly. 
Whichever it was, Talia's response wouldn't change. 
"Damon is busy with warriors and should be back soon. If it's anything urgent, I can give him a message." 
"Alright. I came to ask him if we can avoid Tony's visit." 
Suddenly, Talia regretted her offer to convey Lisa's message to Damon. Did Lisa really think that Damon is not aware of how Tony's presence might make things awkward for Lisa? 
Talia realized that Lisa came to demand from Damon to cancel Tony's and Kalina's visit. 
Talia knew that Lisa would have a problem with this, but Talia also hoped that Lisa will not make a big deal of it. 
How can Talia not understand Lisa's thoughts? 
After all, Marcy's visit was hanging over Talia's head, and it was getting closer with every passing day, but Talia never voiced her grievances about it. It's Damon's business and he will need to consider the impact on the pack if he acts rashly. Talia already decided that if Marcy comes, she will hide in the room, or maybe ask if she can crash with Dawn or Zina for some time, and if Marcy would stay longer, then Talia would request a room in one of the common buildings and stay out of sight. In any case, she wouldn't make presumptuous requests only because she didn't want her bully to come here. 
But alas, Lisa was not Talia and Lisa had no problems with telling everyone about her likes or dislikes, and Lisa was definitely not shy from making demands. 
Can Talia convey this message to Damon? Sure. But there was also another explanation that Lisa should realize... 
"Tony asked Damon for guidance so that he can prepare for his role as an Alpha. He is coming here with four of his men to train and to learn from Damon. This visit will set the stage for future collaborations between the Dark Howlers pack and the Lightclaw pack." 
Lisa grimaced. "Kalina will come also." 
Talia opened and closed her mouth a few times, unable to find the right words, except for… "I'm sorry, Lisa, but…" 
"You are sorry?", Lisa interrupted Talia angrily. She couldn't accept that some nobody (aka Talia) was patronizing like she knows everything. "Why are you sorry? Do you think that this won't happen to you?" 
Talia's brows came together in confusion. "What do you mean?" 
Lisa smirked. "At first, I thought you are just an Omega, but now I see that your skills extend beyond setting the table. Do you think that Damon cares about you? Unless you are his mate, you are just temporary entertainment." 
Talia felt her insides churning. How was that any of Lisa's business? "What are you trying to accomplish by saying this?" 
"I am telling you this because I was in your shoes until Tony found his mate. He took me places and introduced me as his yet look at me now… alone and heartbroken. Or are you hoping that Damon won't find his mate and will mark you? Let's imagine that he gets to choose his Luna. Do you really think that a powerful Alpha like Damon will mark a wolf-less she-wolf? You are happily talking about preparing rooms for your so-called friends but remember my words, the moment Damon dumps you, all those friends will dump you as well. Do you think they like you, or do they like that you are Damon's bed warmer? Maybe you think that I'm mean, but I'm just not kissing your ass because I know that your position in Damon's life is short-lived." 
Lisa snorted at Talia who stood frozen, and she moved down the hallway, bumping Talia's shoulder with hers. It was on purpose. 
Talia had no idea how long she stood there, feeling emotionally numb. 
Why did Lisa say those things? Even if they were true, that was still mean. 
But Talia knew that Lisa was right. If not for Damon, she wouldn't get a chance to meet Mindy or Kalina. Thanks to Damon she met many other people also. Will they abandon Talia once Damon dumps her? Talia didn't have an answer to this question. 
The reality was that Talia owed her current lifestyle to Damon, and just as it all came easily because of Damon, Damon had the power to take it away. 
This thought made Talia displeased. Didn't she say that she will study and learn and be independent? 
She shook those thoughts away. It's still early. It will take time. These things can't be rushed. 
Talia knew that Lisa was bitter and angry and that she was just projecting her frustration on Talia, but that didn't mean that Lisa's words didn't hit a vulnerable spot in Talia's confidence that allowed Talia's insecurities to resurface. 
Talia had no idea how she found herself in the garden. 
The rustling of leaves called for her from the distance with a promise of calm that Talia always felt when surrounded by nature, and this time Talia didn't sit on a bench. She continued walking toward the forest, and then she broke into a run. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 207 - Rogues
Talia's steps slowed down after an unknown measure of time when she noticed through the gaps in bushes and trees that someone was standing in the distance. 
Talia thought it's one of the patrols, and if she avoids them, she might appear suspicious, so she continued moving straight, without altering her path. 
A few steps later, Talia confirmed it was four men and she slowed down as she realized that something was off. 
The warriors are usually patrolling in wolf form (Damon told her that), and even if they are in human form, they would be dressed in dark gray t-shirts while these guys wore green and brown-ish patterns that provided camouflage in the forest. 
Talia bent slightly, hiding behind nearby bushes while focusing on four men who were talking in whispers and looking around nervously. 
Her eyes widened when the breeze brought the words, "Avoided… Did you find… We don't have much time..." 
Talia's heart thundered. Rogues. 
Damon said they would sneak into their territory, but she never imagined that she would actually bump into them. After all, the territory of the Dark Howlers pack is huge, and they have numerous patrols. Isn't she close to the packhouse? 
"Who goes there!?", one of the men asked and Talia jerked into a full squat. 
Talia held her breath while cursing her luck. 
The day started well, but by the looks of it, it won't end on the same note. Even if she escapes the rogues, Damon will give her a hard time. 
Talia felt like crying. She just wanted to calm down in the forest. What did she get herself into? 
… 
Damon was in front of the main training facility for warriors that was nestled in the forest, West from Darkbourne. They just finished with the round of tests for promotions and he was shaking hands with the generals while offering them rare words of praise for their good work. 
One general was talking something, but Damon couldn't focus. He felt uneasy, and he knew it was Talia. 
Now what? 
He remembered that Talia was not happy to work with Rose. Did Rose do or say something to upset Talia? 
Damon mind-linked immediately, 'Rose! Is Talia with you?' 
'No, Alpha…', Rose responded in a shaky voice, flustered that Alpha mind-linked her directly, and intimidated by his stern tone. 'Talia left us to work a while ago…' Her next words hit a dead end because Damon shut down the mind-link abruptly. 
Damon puffed his cheeks and he wondered who could upset Talia. Was it Lisa? He didn't want to jump to conclusions because it could be many things, and there was only one certain way to confirm what's going on. Damon stepped on the side and got his phone to call Talia. 
One ring, two… and then the call was answered and Damon heard an unknown male voice, "There you are… Look! I found a little rabbit hiding…" 
Damon's stomach dropped, unsure if that wave of fear was from him or Talia. 
"Talia! TALIA!", Damon roared into his phone, but there was no response. 
He quickly flipped to look at the GPS coordinates and his heart froze painfully when he realized that Talia was in the forest. If the patrol bumped into Talia, and they didn't recognize her, they would report an intruder, and that creepy guy's voice definitely didn't sound like he was up to any good. 
Damon threw his phone at Caden who was right next to him. "Talia is in trouble. Send patrols…" 
Damon's last word was mixed with a growl as he shifted in his wolf form mid-jump before dashing into the forest, leaving only his tattered clothes behind. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the forest… 
Talia was facing four men who were looking at her with complicated expressions. 
"Why are you not shouting for help?", one of the guys asked Talia. It was obvious that he was the leader. 
"You can hurt me before anyone comes to the rescue.", Talia responded. 
The guy nodded in approval of her words. "Good that you know. Why are you here? How did you find us?" He eyed her white silky shirt and blue pencil skirt that Damon prepared for her to wear that morning. "You don't look like a warrior…", he mumbled. 
"I just came for a walk.", Talia said. "You can go on your way, and I will pretend I didn't see anything." 
"Yeah right…", the guy from the side said impatiently before turning to the leader. "Why are we talking to her? As much as we know, patrols are already on the way. What if she mind-linked them? We should get rid of her quickly…" He approached her with a big knife in his hand. 
The leader extended his hand, blocking the man's path toward Talia. "She didn't alert anyone. Can't you sense that she doesn't have the mind-link?" 
The other three guys looked at Talia with renewed interest. 
"Are you here on a mission? Who sent you?", the leader asked. 
Talia realized that they assumed she is a rogue, here to spy on the Dark Howlers pack. That was something she could work with. 
"It's none of your business.", Talia responded. "I didn't ask you why you are here or who sent you, so I expect the same courtesy." 
The leader tched. "In our line of work, accidents happen, people disappear… There are four of us, and only one of you. We can do whatever we want, and if anyone finds you later, they will assume it was the Dark Howlers pack." 
Talia's heart trembled. "You wouldn't dare." 
The leader stepped closer and grabbed Talia's chin. "You will see what I dare soon enough." 
Talia gathered whatever courage she had and yanked her head backward, out of his grip. "If you want to do anything, I suggest you hurry before a patrol arrives." 
The leader smirked. "I admire your spirit. You should join us." 
Talia blinked while her brain scrambled for exit strategies. Damon will be upset if he finds out that she went to the forest on her own and she ended up bumping into rogues, and he will be super-upset if he finds out that she joined them. 
"I can't.", Talia said. "If I don't return soon, my cover will be blown." 
"Did you come here to meet with someone?", the leader asked suspiciously and before he could say anything else, the man who was on his right exclaimed while holding onto a phone, "Check this!" 
The leader glanced at the phone that had a photo of Talia. He smirked. "So… you are the one that got Alpha Damon's attention." 
Talia swallowed hard. She thought she was getting away with it, but how does she get out of this pickle? No matter what fighting moves Damon taught her, these are four werewolves, and fighting or running will be in vain. 
She realized that this is it. She can go down proudly or crying and there was no use in crying. 
Talia lifted her chin. "What about it? Are you jealous that my mission was a success while you are empty-handed?" She overheard bits and pieces of their conversation and confirmed that these rogues didn't get whatever they were looking for. 
The leader's face twisted into an ugly grimace. He expected many things but this… he was not sure how to respond and it took him a few seconds to recover. 
His demeanor changed as his eyes sparkled with greed. "It seems we struck gold this time. Instead of gathering information, we got Alpha Damon's weakness." 
Talia was sure he got it wrong. "What makes you think I'm his weakness? I accompanied him to a few places and that's it." 
"Enough talking.", the man barked. "You are coming with us." 
He grabbed her hair with one hand, and with another he covered her mouth. 
Talia wiggled to get out of his hold and one of the other three men pressed a knife on her throat. 
He chuckled when Talia stopped moving. 
"The blade is laced with wolfsbane. It won't only cut you, but it will poison you as well. Be a good girl and no one will get hurt." 
A small whimper escaped Talia's lips. She was terrified and the stinging ache in her scalp was making her see stars. 
"Give me a cloth or something to gag her and tie her up.", the leader said, and the knife moved away from Talia's skin. 
Without thinking, Talia opened her mouth as much as possible and she bit the man's hand. 
He didn't expect it and Talia used the moment of confusion to punch him in the throat. The moment his hold on her hair loosened, Talia dashed into the bushes as fast as her legs would carry her. 
Unfortunately, there were four werewolves hot on her trail and Talia didn't reach far when a man jumped on her, and she ended up tumbling. 
When the world stopped spinning, Talia was on her back with a man straddling her. She frantically tried to push him away, when… 
'WHACK!' 
The man hit Talia with the back of his palm and Talia's left cheek went numb. A second later, she felt a warm thick liquid in her mouth. 
"This will teach you to stop running. Bitch.", he squeezed through his teeth. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 208 - The Majestic Black Wolf
Talia's vision was blurry, and she struggled to stay conscious as the voices mixed like they came from a great distance with a slight echo. 
"Don't kill her!" 
"I was just teaching her a lesson." 
"Give me something to tie her up!" 
Talia felt a rough palm gliding up her thigh, squeezing occasionally. She tried to wiggle away, but someone was holding her arms together in a vice-grip, while another one was sitting on her legs, just above knee level. Based on the sickening chuckle, whoever was molesting her, was enjoying her futile struggle. 
"We don't have time to fool around." 
The palm was gone. 
"Keep your voice down and hurry up. We need to leave quickly…" 
"Do you think Alpha Damon will pay for her?" 
"Even if he doesn't, she definitely knows something useful." 
"Will she talk?" 
"They always talk…" 
The rogues used some cloth to cover Talia's eyes, and she felt the tugging as they were pulling her arms above her head. 
Talia knew she was trapped, but how can she give up? 
If they take her away from here, who will save her? Actually, even if they don't take her away, who will save her if she doesn't fend for herself? 
They want to use her as a token against Damon! Talia was terrified of that happening. 
Damon did so much for her and even if she died right now, her only regret would be that she won't get to see him again. 
She really missed his warmth, his scent, his intense gaze, his touch, and the feeling of safety and comfort that came with his proximity… but now was not the time to get lost in such thoughts because she was not dead yet, and as long as she had breath left in her lungs, she was determined to keep on fighting. 
The guy who was straddling her lifted himself slightly, and in the next moment, Talia's leg jerked, and her knee got lodged in his family's jewels. 
A suppressed groan was heard as the man fell on the side and the pressure on her wrists loosened. Talia quickly pulled her arms down to remove the blindfold. 
As soon as the light flashed in front of her eyes, Talia gasped as one of the guys kicked her in the stomach. 
"You need to behave", the man said and spat on the ground only an inch away from her face, and then Talia saw a blade of the knife coming close to her face. He sneered. "Let's see how a scar will remind you to listen. Wolfsbane will make it permanent…" 
Talia forgot about the pain as her heart thundered in her chest violently. She was not afraid of the scar. However, the wolfsbane was another story because it's extremely poisonous to werewolves. Small doses are not deadly, but the pain is agonizing. For her who doesn't have her wolf, it will probably kill her quickly. But then… maybe that's for the best. If they poison her and she dies, they won't be able to use her against Damon. 
Just as she thought that the blade will reach her face, a big black blur flashed in front of her eyes, taking the man with the knife with him and leaving behind the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate. 
Talia jolted into a reality where three men stood petrified and looked at the majestic black wolf who bit off a chunk of the fourth man's neck. 
The man was on his knees with his head bent backward at an unusual angle and the blood spurted from the gash on his neck like a fountain. 
It was a gory sight. 
Before anyone could react, the wolf was already pouncing at the second man who lifted his arm defensively, lodging his forearm into the wolf's jaws, to avoid critical injury. A moment later, the man screamed sorrowfully as his arm was ripped away from his body, but he still had the presence of mind to plunge a knife into the wolf's stomach. 
By now, the other two men snapped to their senses and one of them had a knife, while the leader had a gun pointing at the wolf. 
'BANG!' 
The wolf whimpered as his body arched, but he didn't stand down. He turned to two guys, ready to attack with his jaws open to expose sharp fangs that were dripping with fresh blood from two rogues he attacked previously. 
'BANG! BANG! BANG!' 
The whole forest shook with reverberating gunshots and Talia couldn't believe that the black wolf was still going at the man. 
Talia saw the wolf's unwavering ferocious icy-blue eyes and the world stopped as Talia realized that the black wolf is the same one she saw in her dreams... the reason why she picked Blackie at the fair… and the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate he left behind... Damon. 
Damon came for her. He found her. 
There was a knife in his stomach, the wound bled profusely, and the rogue was shooting at him. 
As much as Damon's gaze was firm, Talia could see that Damon was in pain, as his movements became somewhat sluggish. Wolfsbane. 
Will he die here? The thought was unimaginable. 
Talia's body was set on fire that was somehow icy as it coursed through her veins. 
"No… No… No…", Talia muttered under her breath while pushing herself to stand on her feet, and her honeyed eyes flickered with strands of silver. 
As soon as her feet got a grasp on the ground, Talia moved as fast as lightning to stand between Damon and the two men. 
"NO!", Talia roared and the faces of the two rogues changed into agonizing grimaces. Their bodies twisted with the sound of bones cracking, and they flew backward at an unimaginable speed. Two blurry forms swished through the bushes until they slammed into trees and fell down on the ground like ragdolls. 
Talia inhaled once, twice, and she wanted to turn and see how Damon was doing. He was hurt. She needed to tend to his wounds… but her vision became spotty, and she fell on the ground as the darkness consumed her. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia's eyes fluttered open, and she found herself in an unknown place. There were machines beeping next to her and she tried to lift her head, only to feel a palm pressing on her forehead. 
"You should stay put." 
It was Maya. 
"Where am I? What happened?", Talia asked and grimaced when her throat hurt from talking. 
Maya handed her a glass of water. 
"You are in the pack hospital. You were attacked, Alpha Damon came to help, by the time patrol arrived, four bad guys were dead and the two of you were unconscious. Let me call Doctor Travis to check on you." 
Maya pushed the button that was on the remote attached to Talia's hospital bed. 
Talia's breath hitched when she remembered the knives and gunshots. "Where is Damon?" 
"He is in the room next door.", Maya said. 
"I want to see him." 
"Doctor should check you." 
"I'm fine.", Talia said. "I want to see Damon." 
The door opened and Doctor Travis came with one nurse behind him. 
"Where do you think you are going?" Travis frowned when he saw Talia scooting out of the bed. 
"To see Alpha Damon." 
Travis could see her determination, but… "Let me first check your condition." 
"I am fine. I want to see him." Talia's irritation was rising. Why was everyone telling her to wait? 
Travis shook his head in disapproval. "I gave you painkillers and you are running on adrenalin. I need to…" 
"I want to see him!", Talia shouted, and Travis took a step back, bumping into the nurse behind him, and then both the nurse and Travis lowered their heads. 
Travis was surprised that Talia managed to suppress him like that, and he realized that it won't be good to anger her. 
"Can you be reasonable?", Travis asked while wiping the sweat from his forehead. "You were unconscious for six hours. I need to check your condition. How would Alpha Damon feel if you run around recklessly and your condition worsens?" 
Talia felt her fighting spirit deflating. 
"Six hours?", Talia asked in a shaky voice. 
Maya tilted her head, indicating to Doctor Travis to go ahead. "Make it quick." 
"How is Alpha Damon doing?", Talia asked. 
"You should worry about yourself.", Doctor Travis grumbled. 
"What's wrong with me?" 
"You suffered a blow in the head, one in the stomach, but the worst part is the damage done to the muscles in your legs." 
Talia remembered the slap and the kick but… "My legs?" 
Doctor Travis nodded. "They are nearly ripped like you put them under extraordinary strain." She shook his head. "I don't know how to explain it. I never saw anything like that. What happened?" 
Talia pressed her lips into a line and there was a hazy image of her running to stand between Damon and the rogues and then rogues flew away like they were paper kites caught in the storm. 
Talia knew how that was not normal. Another explanation would be that she imagined it. In either case, she decided to keep that for herself. 
"I don't know. I remember that Alpha Damon came to rescue me, but then I fainted." Talia looked at Maya. "I'm sorry. I only wanted to go for a walk, but I ended up bumping into four…" 
"Don't worry about it.", Maya interrupted Talia. "Rogues in our territory is nothing unusual. They knew our patrol schedule and routes. Caden issued an order to scramble their schedule. You were unfortunate to bump into them." 
"They had knives..." 
"Your blood pressure is fine.", Travis interrupted Talia. 
Talia exhaled sharply as her anxiety rose. They didn't let her finish talking and no one told her what was bothering her the most. 
"How is Alpha Damon doing?", Talia asked again. 
"You will see in a minute.", Travis responded and turned to the nurse. "Get a wheelchair for Miss Talia." 
When the nurse stepped out, Travis spoke to Talia in a hushed voice, "You should know that only a handful of us knows Alpha Damon's condition. If this information leaks, the whole pack will be in danger. You would also be kept in the dark, but Beta Caden and Maya vouched for you as trustworthy." 
Talia got her answer why they were interrupting her whenever she tried talking about the incident. 
In situations like these, even the walls have ears. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 209 - That Makes Six [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
--- 
Maya pushed the wheelchair with Talia on it, and Doctor Travis opened the door that was guarded by two warriors. 
Caden stood up from the sofa when he saw the trio entering and he asked Talia how she was doing, but she didn't hear him because her whole world was reduced to Damon who was lying on the bed with bandages covering his body and various machines attached to him. 
Talia couldn't accept that the most handsome man in the world who would smile at her, tease her, and make her days better was now unmoving and it was all her fault. 
Damon did so much for her, yet she ended up disobeying him and going into the forest. He told her to stay safe. He told her that there are rogues and that it's dangerous. She didn't take him seriously and because of that, he was hurt. 
Talia vividly remembered the knife in his stomach and the whimper when the bullet hit him, yet he still glared at the evildoers with an unwavering gaze. 
Will he forgive her? Will she forgive herself? 
The sound of the door closing pulled Talia out of her daze, and she asked, "Can you tell me now about his condition?" 
"Two stab wounds and he was shot three times.", Doctor Travis said. "The blades and bullets were laced with wolfsbane. Luckily, none of the wounds was fatal, but he lost a lot of blood. I flushed the wolfsbane out of his system and his condition is stable." 
Talia didn't feel better when Travis said that Damon's condition was stable. "When should he wake up?" 
Travis let out a long exhale. "I don't know. His healing is unusually slow, probably due to the wolfsbane." 
Talia couldn't accept this. Damon was lying on the bed, most of his body was covered in bandages, he was pale, and Talia's heart was heavy. 
The only thing that could make it better would be if he opens his eyes and smiles and tells her that everything will be alright. 
"Is there something we can do?", Talia asked without removing her gaze from Damon. 
"In this situation…" Travis paused. "The only thing we can do is wait." 
Travis saw that Talia's expression fell and he put his hand on her shoulder. "Alpha Damon is strong. If anyone can pull through this, it's him." 
Maya and Caden exchanged gazes and Caden nodded in understanding. They didn't need the mind-link to know what the other one was thinking. 
"Doctor Travis…", Caden called. "Can we have a word? In private." 
Caden and Travis stepped outside, and Travis led the way to his office. 
After making sure all windows and doors were closed and that no one was nearby to eavesdrop, Caden turned to Travis and spoke in a hushed voice. 
"Healing is faster when mates are together." 
Travis's brows came together when he understood the meaning behind Caden's words. "True, but Alpha Damon didn't find his mate." 
"He did.", Caden said. 
Travis stared at Caden, and Travis's eyes widened when he realized… "Talia. Why…?" 
"She doesn't know.", Caden interrupted whatever Travis wanted to ask next. "With her wolf gone, she can't feel the bond. Considering her previous experiences, Damon wanted to win her trust before disclosing they are mates." 
Travis nodded in understanding. "I assume that Maya knows also." 
Caden confirmed. "Elder Samson and Elder Charlie know as well. With you, that makes six of us." 
Travis realized that he just found out a big secret. "And you told me this because…" Travis waited for Caden to finish the thought. 
"It's essential for Damon's benefit that Talia stays close to him. But you can't tell her they are mates." 
"How will you make her stay close to him without explaining why?", Travis asked. 
"Let me take care of that." 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In Damon's room… 
"You are not allowed to blame yourself.", Maya told Talia who responded with a weak smile. 
"Damon told me not to go there on my own, but I still did. If I didn't go to the forest, I wouldn't bump into rogues, and Damon wouldn't get hurt.", Talia said. "Or if I left with them obediently…" 
"Stop that!", Maya exclaimed. "What are you saying? Damon saved you because he cares about you. No matter where you went, he would find you. If you went with rogues obediently, Damon would not stop until he found you, and that would be in their territory, and it would end up much worse than this. Besides, you wouldn't go to the forest if you knew rogues were there. And…" Maya paused. "Why were you in the forest? I thought that you were supposed to prepare rooms for guests." 
Talia opened her mouth and then closed it. She didn't want to say that Lisa got her upset, and she needed some air. 
"I finished early and thought of enjoying the forest a bit before going to study." 
"So, you went for a walk?", Maya asked and when Talia nodded, Maya said, "That was quite a walk." 
Talia guiltily avoided Maya's gaze. "I didn't realize how far I went." 
Maya knew that Talia was hiding something, but since Talia didn't want to talk about it, Maya let it slide. 
Caden and Travis returned, and Caden gave Maya a small nod before speaking in an official tone. "Alright. Our current plan is that Maya and I will return to the packhouse and deal with any work as usual. We don't want to alert people this happened. The official version is that Alpha Damon defeated four rogues. If anyone looks for him, we will say that he is in the pack hospital with Talia because she got hurt." 
Caden turned to Talia. "Talia, you will stay here and watch over Damon. Doctor Travis will handpick nurses that will come here. They will bring you food and I will make sure that trustworthy guards are outside. Other than the four of us, no one will know the complete truth." 
Talia had no ions and no questions. She didn't want to leave Damon's side, but there was one point, "What about the guests?" 
Caden puffed his cheeks. "Let's worry about it later. They are due to come in two days, and hopefully, Damon will wake up soon and decide on these things. Our focus is to prevent information leak until Damon regains consciousness." 
"Is there something related to guests that is still pending?", Maya asked Talia. 
"We were supposed to buy small gifts for them.", Talia reminded Maya. "Rose and Kate are probably done with room cleanup by now. You need to verify that everything is ready." 
"Don't worry about gifts.", Maya said. "I will tell Stephanie to check the rooms." 
After exchanging a few more words, Maya and Caden left. 
Doctor Travis looked at Talia with renewed interest. 
Now that he knew Talia is Damon's mate, Travis also knew she is the future Luna, and he remembered how she suppressed him when he blocked her from seeing Damon. 
What piqued his interest was that Talia was not marked. It meant that the aura she projected was hers only, and that aura was not weaker than Alpha's. 
What is her background? He shook those thoughts away because being too nosy might get him in trouble. 
Travis was rewinding all their previous interactions and mentally checking if he offended her. Hopefully not. 
"Do you have any advice for me, Doctor Travis?", Talia asked when she realized that Travis was standing there and staring at her. 
She wanted to approach Damon and hold his hand, but she feared that such intimacy won't be appropriate in front of Travis, and she couldn't wait for him to leave. 
"Uhm… no. I will ask someone to bring you a meal soon. In the meantime, the closer you can get to Alpha, the better." 
Talia's brows came together. "What do you mean?" 
Travis couldn't tell her that he knows they are mates, and he didn't want to say that he saw photos in the WW Magazine of Talia and Damon kissing and dancing, so he decided to throw Betas under the bus. 
"Caden told me about your relationship with Alpha Damon.", Travis gave Talia a meaningful look. 
Seeing that Talia only stared at him while blushing, Travis cleared his throat awkwardly. 
"I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." Who was he kidding? He was the uncomfortable one. "I only wanted to say that you don't need to hold back. Alpha Damon is an Alpha and it would be good for him to feel that someone is by his side. The closer the better. The best would be if you can lay by next to him, the bed is wide enough. Just be mindful of his injuries." Talia was still not moving, and Travis took a step back. "Aright, I will leave you to it. Don't leave his side. Food will be here soon and if you need anything else, just push the buzzer." 
And with that, Travis left the room while walking backward. 
Talia had no idea how to react to Travis's remarks, but then, it didn't matter. By now, everyone saw the magazine that showed photos of them dancing and kissing, and considering Damon's reputation, it would be strange not to assume they are intimate. And they wouldn't be wrong. 
Talia's gaze moved to Damon and all the unnecessary thoughts vanished. 
It was just Talia and Damon, and Damon was hurt and unconscious. And she really wanted him to wake up. Right now. 
Even without Travis's advice to get close to Damon, she would do that. OK, she probably wouldn't climb into Damon's hospital bed, but she would hold his hand. Definitely. 
Talia pushed the wheelchair closer until it touched the edge of the bed and she slowly reached to hold Damon's hand. 
The initial contact sent sparks through her fingers and Talia jerked her hand back. 
What was that?
###Chapter 210 - Awakening
Author's note: 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source. 
--- 
Talia reached to hold Damon's hand again, and the same zap prickled her fingers. 
She was startled the first time, but now she didn't jolt away, and the contact lasted for a second before she retracted her hand and observed it. 
There were no visible changes on her skin. 
Was it static electricity? Was it due to medications she got? Or maybe that blow to her head rewired her brain? 
Whichever it was, Talia wanted to feel it again. 
She held Damon's hand and closed her eyes as the delightful sparks traveled up her arm and seeped into her body, making her feel alive. 
It was addictive. 
Without knowing how or when, Talia climbed onto Damon's bed, on his right, and she scooted under the thin cover that concealed his body from the waist down. 
Talia leaned against Damon's body gently, careful not to disturb his wounds, eager to experience this tingling sensation wherever they touched. 
Damon was wrapped in many bandages from the neck down, leaving only some gaps of his skin exposed, and Talia was wearing a short-sleeved hospital gown that was tied at her back. 
Talia slowly moved her hand up and down Damon's torso, testing the sensation with and without thin layers between their skins and she marveled how good it felt. 
Even through the gauze and the cotton fabric, the sparks prickled her skin, and wherever they had skin-to-skin contact, it was electrifying. 
Talia had no idea how long she was lost in this daze when the door opened, and a nurse came in. 
The nurse didn't look toward the bed, but Talia could see a small smile on the nurse's lips as she placed the tray with food on the side table and scurried out without a word. 
When the door closed, Talia felt guilt swelling within her. She was lost in a daze of this newly found sensation, forgetting that Damon was unconscious. 
Yes, Doctor Travis said that Damon's life was not in danger, but when she looked at Damon's pale face, her heart tightened painfully. 
She needed him awake. She needed to see his intense gaze directed at her. She needed to hear his voice, feel his touch, and this… this was not acceptable. 
"The food is here. Won't you get up to feed me?", Talia asked, wishing that he responds with one of his cocky remarks. 
Part of her hoped that this was a dream, a hallucination caused by medications, or maybe it was one of Damon's pranks. 
"You can stop pretending now.", she said. "Open your eyes and tell me you are joking. I won't be mad." 
Of course, he didn't move. 
Damon wouldn't miss a chance to tease her, but he wouldn't go this far. 
In front of Talia, Damon would always put on a brave front and make sure that whoever harbors ill intentions toward Talia, gets what he (or she) deserved. 
In the forest, when facing the rogues, Damon didn't look at Talia, but she was confident that his priority was her safety. That's why he got so many injuries. 
No matter how moody Damon was, Talia knew that he was reliable. He would make sure that she was fine and that she doesn't suffer injustice, and no matter what the situation was, he would support her. Even if he was stabbed with a wolfbane-laced blade, and people shot poisonous bullets at him, Damon would never abandon her. And that's why he ended up in this state. 
With every passing second, Talia's vision was blurrier with tears, and she leaned her forehead on Damon's shoulder and started sobbing quietly. 
"You asked me not to leave you…", she whispered in a shaky voice. "You said that we will be together forever. I am scared, Damon… I don't know what to do without you. I need you to wake up. Wake up…" 
Her tears fell on his skin and silently glided down his arm, like transparent pearls that had a faint silver shimmer. 
"Wake up… I need you to be fine… Wake up...", Talia chanted. 
Talia felt the heat in her chest expanding and spreading through her body while morphing into an inexplicable cooling sensation that coursed through her veins. 
If she looked up with her honeyed eyes that flickered in silver hues, Talia would see that the whole bed was enveloped in an ethereal hoary glow that pulsated in the rhythm of her heartbeat. 
And then she passed out. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Doctor Travis dashed into the room with panic on his face, only to find Talia and Damon in bed, both with their eyes closed, like nothing unusually happened. 
Travis scratched his head. Did the machines malfunction? He was startled by the alarm which indicated that the readings on machines tracking Damon's vitals were going crazy, but now everything seemed normal. 
Damon might be unconscious, but how could Talia sleep with all the beeping ruckus the machines made? Or did the system malfunction only on his side? 
Travis approached the machines, to check the history logs, and he saw that only a minute ago, machines recorded unusual values. What the heck? 
Travis glanced at the bed, and he paused in surprise when he saw that Damon's eyes are open and directed at him. 
"Alpha?", Travis called softly, careful not to startle him. He was not sure if Damon was aware of his surroundings. 
With one glance, Damon knew he was in the pack hospital. Considering his history with fighting, Damon was familiar with this place. 
It took him a second to remember the incident from the forest. 
At that time, Damon heard that the patrol was less than a minute away. Considering that there were four armed rogues and they held Talia, it was wise to wait for reinforcements, but when Damon saw the rogue pressing a knife against Talia's face, he lost it. 
From the moment Damon regained consciousness, he was aware that Talia was by his side, even before opening his eyes because he could feel the delicious sparks of the bond. 
Other than Talia, Damon was prioritizing one more existence. 
'How are you doing?', Damon asked his wolf. 
The moment the blade pierced Damon's skin, he knew there was wolfsbane. 
When a werewolf gets wolfsbane into his system, it's important to flush it out quickly, otherwise, his wolf will suffer. It's not uncommon that the wolf side is crippled or disappears completely with prolonged exposure to wolfsbane. 
Most of the wolf-less werewolves ended up in that state due to wolfsbane poisoning. 
Damon could feel the presence of his wolf, but he was worried about his condition. 
'I'm tired, but good. Thanks to mate.', Damon's wolf responded. 
'Thanks to Talia?' 
'She healed us. Both of us.' 
After the initial surprise, Damon felt pride swelling in his chest. 
He wanted to know how did Talia heal them, but he could sense the fatigue of his wolf, and as long as everyone was fine, Damon was in no rush to probe for details. 
'Rest, old guy. We will talk later.' 
Damon could feel his wolf fading at the back of his mind. 
Damon blinked once, twice, and then his eyes moved from Travis's inquisitive gaze to Talia who was lying on his right with her arm draped over his chest. 
"How is she doing?", Damon asked. 
"You should worry about yourself." 
"I am fine.", Damon responded curtly. "How is Talia?" 
Travis shook his head in disapproval, but he knew that it's not wise to oppose Damon. 
Travis was about to talk about Talia's injuries, but he paused when he realized that the bruise on her cheek was gone completely. 
Travis leaned closer to observe her face, without disturbing her sleep. "Talia was hit, but it seems that it was not as bad as I thought." 
Damon hummed in confirmation. "Her healing improved." 
Travis's eyes flashed in understanding. Talia's wolf was waking up, or at least making progress. 
"Continue.", Damon ordered. 
Travis straightened his back and responded with his official tone, "Talia's head and abdomen were injured, and the muscles of her legs suffered an extreme strain. As for her current condition, I will know once we do tests." 
Travis looked at Damon with a complicated expression. "You got two stab wounds and I pulled three bullets out of your body. Blades and bullets were laced with wolfsbane. I patched you up and flushed the poison from your system, but to be honest… I'm surprised you are awake." 
"I feel fine.", Damon assured him. 
Travis let out a long breath. "OK. Since you are awake, let me check your wounds." 
"Careful not to wake Talia.", Damon grumbled in a low voice when Travis reached to remove bandages. 
Travis made a face. Mates. Every werewolf will dote on his mate, but Alphas are taking that to the extreme because the strength of the wolf is amplifying instincts to provide for their mate. 
Now that Travis knew Damon and Talia are mates, he wondered, how come he didn't see it before? With Damon putting so much importance on Talia's wellbeing, and even accompanying her to her appointments… really. He should have known. 
But… how was it possible that Talia was not marked? 
Yes, Caden explained that Damon wanted to gain Talia's trust, but with Damon's instincts in overdrive, Travis didn't understand how could Damon resist that urge to claim her completely for everyone to see. 
--- 
Author's note: 
I apologize for repeated notes that this novel should be read only on WebNovel, but the pirated sites are shameless and I'm trying to outsmart their automation with the goal to reach out to their readers with information that if they are not reading this on WebNovel, it means they are supporting criminals. 
I can only hope that they will follow their conscience.
###Chapter 211 - Sparks Of Their Bond [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
This bonus chapter is to celebrate the first super gift this novel received. 
Thank you, zgoushe, for the Magic Castle! 
--- 
When Damon told Travis that Talia shouldn't wake up, Travis understood it as: Damon had no intention to move. 
How on Earth was he supposed to check his injuries? 
Without any other options, Travis got scissors and started cutting the bandages. 
The moment Damon's skin was exposed, Travis frowned in confusion, and then his eyes nearly bulged in disbelief. 
"What is it?", Damon asked when he noticed that Travis was not moving. 
"The wound… it's gone.", Travis said. 
Damon didn't think much about it. "You did a good job and I heal fast." 
Travis didn't deny that he did a good job, but… "No one heals this fast." 
This was not the first time for Travis to patch up Damon. Damon has a history of brawls that left him in need of medical assistance, and he also faced rogues many times. 
Even with Damon's stellar Alpha healing, Travis expected it will take days for the wounds to completely heal. Considering that wolfsbane was involved, it was very likely that a Damon won't be able to avoid scars, but... there was nothing. 
Travis moved swiftly to cut another layer of bandages and he gaped at the revealed patch of perfectly smooth skin. 
If he mistook the location of the first wound, there was no way he would mistake the second one because there was a bundle of cotton soaked in medicine, and now that he removed it, Travis confirmed that cotton had smudges of blood which definitely meant he got the right spot. 
"You don't seem pleased that I'm fine.", Damon said, and Travis was not sure how to respond to this. 
"I need to do scans and confirm the level of healing…" 
"Later.", Damon cut him off. "Talia is sleeping." 
Travis exhaled helplessly. "OK. Then… I will leave you to it. Call me when she wakes up so that I can check on your condition." 
Travis wanted to leave, but his legs stayed rooted in the spot as he looked at Damon with a complex expression. 
Travis did the bloodwork and surgeries, and he knew very well that Damon was in a wretched state. If Damon was brought in just a bit later, his life would be in danger, yet Damon seemed to be perfectly fine. No matter how Travis thought about this, he couldn't explain it. 
"I'm glad you are awake, Alpha.", Travis said and glanced at Talia. "Talia came around about one hour ago and the first thing she asked about was your condition. When I told her that I need to check on her before she can get out of bed, she got angry and demanded to see you. I didn't know Talia can be so fierce." 
Damon grinned happily and Travis bowed slightly before leaving the room. 
Damon cradled Talia in his arms, and he pressed his lips against her forehead while taking a deep breath that filled his system with the addictive sweet citrusy scent of freesia. 
He had so many questions for Talia. 
Why was she in the forest? 
His vision was getting blurry at that time, and unless he lost consciousness for a moment, Talia moved at a lightning speed and Damon definitely saw two rogues flying backward like a tornado swept them away. 
Was that Talia's doing? It shouldn't be because werewolves don't have such abilities. Maybe he was hallucinating due to wolfsbane. 
However, his wolf told him that Talia healed them, and that's definitely not normal. Or was his wolf talking about healing because of the mate bond? 
Damon pushed all those thoughts away and focused on the fact that they were together. 
He was confident that Talia was exhausted and traumatized, and there was nothing better for recovery than a good sleep, in the arms of her mate. 
Damon wanted to sleep also, but somehow, he felt energized. 
He mind-linked Caden. 'What's the status?' 
'You are awake!', Caden exclaimed, and then he quickly proceeded to answer Damon's question, knowing that Damon was probably not in the mood for chit-chat. 'When the closest patrol arrived, four rogues were dead, and you and Talia were unconscious. For two rogues, it's obvious how they died based on bite marks, but the other two are funky. Every bone in their bodies was broken. How did you do that?' 
Damon looked at the little woman sleeping in his arms. 'Stop messing, Caden, and continue with report…' 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia woke up and before opening her eyes, she lazily stretched over Damon, and then her arms wrapped around his torso. 
The sparks were still there, dancing over her skin wherever she touched his body, and she wanted to maximize the touching surface because it felt amazing. 
Talia took in a deep breath of Damon's addictive scent of the forest and dark chocolate and smiled. 
"Awake?", Damon's deep voice sounded from just above her head, and she nodded in response. 
It took her a moment to realize that the beeping came from the machines, and there was the scent of antiseptic and… Talia's eyes snapped open at the thought of the pack hospital and Damon lying unconscious and wrapped in bandages. 
Talia looked at Damon in panic and then she nimbly slipped to Damon's side. 
Damon frowned in displeasure due to Talia moving away, he really enjoyed the feeling of her body pressing on his. Or did she hate him now? 
While she was sleeping, Damon went through the incident in the forest several times. The mental image of Talia on the ground with four rogues around her, one holding a knife close to her face… he wanted to go back in time and rip all four bastards to pieces. How dare they touch his mate!? 
Damon was worried that Talia's attitude toward him will change. He killed rogues in front of her, and his bloody maw was a gruesome sight. But she was sticking close to him, and that should be a good sign. 
Talia was nervously looking at Damon's torso that was now mostly devoid of bandages. 
"I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?", Talia asked. 
"You didn't. As you can see, I'm fine. How are you feeling, kitten?" 
Talia blinked once, twice, and then her chin shivered and tears started streaming down her cheeks. "Oh, Damon… I was so scared…" 
Damon rubbed her back gently. "It's OK. The rogues are gone." 
She punched his arm weakly. "I was not scared of rogues. I was scared that I will lose you. There was a knife, and they were shooting and…" She whimpered. "So much blood… Your blood... What would I do without you?" 
Damon smiled at the silly girl who was more worried about him than about herself. 
"I'm sorry.", he said eventually. "I should have been more careful." 
Talia shook her head. "No. I'm sorry. I will never go to the forest again." 
He knew that she won't fulfill that promise. The forest was all around them, and what kind of a werewolf can resist going to the forest? But her words reminded him… "Why were you there?" 
Talia didn't want to tell him. Lisa was already hurting and directing Damon's anger at the heartbroken girl would be too much. 
Talia believed that Lisa didn't hate her. After all, Talia barely interacted with Lisa. How can you hate a person you don't know? Lisa's mental state was not stable, and she was only projecting her anger and dejection on Talia. Lisa would do that to anyone, and Talia was only in the way. 
"Can we talk about it later?", Talia asked and buried her face in his chest. 
"Sure." Later was fine. 
Damon chuckled at the silly girl who was rubbing her cheeks on his chest happily, and he froze when he realized that his cheeks were tingling with the familiar sparks. 
It was faint, but he could definitely feel it. 
What was that supposed to mean? How much stronger did the bond get if he could feel the sparks without actually touching Talia? 
He looked down at her and a crazy idea hit him. "Kitten, do you feel something when you touch me?" 
"Feel something?" She definitely felt many things. "Like what?" 
"Like… something more than just skin-to-skin sensation." 
Talia paused. Was he on the same medications? "Do you feel it also?" 
"Feel, what?" It was Damon's turn to ask. 
"I don't know…", Talia said. "It's like a small electrical current that tingles wherever we touch, and I can't stop myself from wanting more." 
Damon's eyes widened. She can feel it. She can really feel the bond! 
"Kitten, do you know what you are saying?" 
"I know, it sounds crazy. It's probably due to medications…" 
"No, no!", Damon interrupted her excitedly. Seeing that she was completely off the mark, Damon decided to guide her toward the right answer. "Kitten, how much do you know about mates?" 
Talia remembered Lisa's words, how Talia is only temporary entertainment for Damon because she is not his mate. 
"Why are you asking me that?" 
"Answer me.", Damon insisted. "How do two people know they are mates?" 
Talia could see he will not give up easily, so she answered, "Their wolf announces it." 
"What else?" 
"There is the scent and attraction and…", Talia paused. 
"And?", Damon urged her to continue. 
"The… sparks of the bond." 
Damon waited as her expression changed, reflecting Talia's internal fight between facts, desires, and insecurities. After a few endless seconds, she looked at him questionably. 
"Didn't you say that my scent is special?", Damon asked, and Talia nodded in confirmation. He continued, "That special, is only for you, kitten. I know you are attracted to me, and this…" He touched her cheek with the tips of his fingers. "Are the sparks of our bond." 
Talia's honeyed eyes opened wide to the point of hurting. "What are you saying?" 
"I am saying that I feel the same. The only thing I have, and you don't, is the confirmation from my wolf." 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath. "Mates…" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 212 - Dispelling Doubts
Author's note: 
Thank you very much! 
--- 
Damon looked at Talia with sparkles in his eyes and his heart expanded from happiness. 
She knows. 
Finally. 
But why was she frowning? What's up with those negative emotions? 
"Kitten? What's wrong?" 
"Are you sure this is not a mistake?" 
Damon shook his head at the silly girl. "There is no mistake, kitten. We are mates. My wolf told me even before I saw you." 
"So… you knew we were mates when you came to the attic in the Red Moon pack?" 
"Yes." 
"And when we met in the kitchen before that?" 
"Yes.", he responded reluctantly, hoping that she won't bring up their encounter before that one because it involved Macy sucking him off. 
Of course, Talia didn't want to think about Marcy between Damon's legs, even though that image flashed in her mind. 
"And that's why you brought me to your pack?", Talia asked. 
"OUR pack.", Damon corrected her before adding, "It was either you come here, or I move in with you to the attic. You must admit that this is more comfortable." 
Talia was not sure what to do with this information. She was remembering how Damon came into the attic, and how he held her, and then he sneaked out of the Red Moon pack in the attic, their short stay in the hotel, and her arrival to the Dark Howlers pack, and there was also an inevitable thought about… "If you knew we were mates, why did you allow Cassie to come? Was that to show me my place? Did you want me to know how you can have any…" 
"Stop.", Damon interrupted her. "I didn't invite Cassie to come. Steph told me that Cassie was on her way, but I was overwhelmed by the fact that I found my mate, and I forgot about her." 
Talia noticed that Damon often forgets women who are buzzing around him, and she couldn't figure out if that's his idea of being cool or he really has memory problems. Whichever it was, it put her in an awkward situation. 
"You forgot that Cassie was coming, but you definitely noticed when she arrived. Why didn't you tell her to leave? Or did you enjoy the scene when she accused me of stealing food?" Talia vividly remembered Cassie clinging onto Damon's arm who just stood there and didn't do anything to clarify the situation. "With Cassie's personality, even if she didn't accuse me of stealing stuff and slapping me, she would find some other way to get on my case." 
Damon's stomach was full of painful knots. "You have no idea how sorry I am for allowing that to happen. I thought that if I ignore her, she will leave in a few days. I didn't want Cassie to suspect we are mates, because she would target you and spread the word about your importance, and at that time you were so fragile. I was protecting you." 
"Protecting me? With lies? Why didn't you tell me?" 
"Would you believe me?", Damon responded with a question. "Even with the sparks, you are doubtful." 
"I don't doubt we are mates, but I doubt if the Moon Goddess made a mistake." 
Damon could feel Talia's insecurities and he did his best to dispel them. "You are beautiful, smart, kind, and amazing in every way possible. Since I laid my eyes on you, no other woman exists for me." 
"Is that why you rejected Marcy as your Luna?" 
"No. I went to the Red Moon pack with the goal to reject her, but just saying I was not willing wouldn't work, so I had to go there and play along like I'm considering it.", Damon said without missing a beat. "Kitten, don't do this. There is a reason why we met and why I fell for you. You are my other half and I am yours." 
"You are saying those things only because of the bond." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "Would it make you feel better if I said that I fell in love with your ass? Or with the way your nipples harden in my mouth?" He chuckled at her outraged expression. "I feel in love with your soul, and that is why everything about you is perfect, for me. You are my mate, my moon, my Luna. No one else can fill in that position." 
Damon reached to hold her cheeks and Talia moved away despite delicious sparks that danced over her skin the moment his fingers touched her skin. When Damon is that close, she can't think about anything other than getting closer. 
Talia could feel his dejection, and this time she knew he didn't like her refusal of his touch. Her instinct was to comfort him, but she had to say what was on her mind. 
"I can't, Damon. I have no idea about leading a pack or managing a household. I am weak. I can't even take care of myself. I'm not the Luna you need." 
Damon was not willing to give up. "I'm fine with the way you are right now, and regardless of the new things you learn and how you redefine yourself, I will be fine with that also. I will believe in you until you believe in yourself." 
"What if that never happens?" 
"Then, I will believe in you forever." 
Damon felt Talia's defenses melting and he leaned closer for a kiss, only to be met with Talia's fingers pressing against his lips, preventing that kiss from happening. 
"You can't make such promises.", Talia said. "You don't know what will happen in the future." 
Damon took Talia's hand in his and placed it over his chest, pressing with his palm firmly. "Do you feel this, kitten? My heart is beating for you. We will take this slow and announce it to our people whenever you are ready. I can promise that no matter what, I will be by your side. We will figure it out, together. The only question is, are you willing to stay by my side?" 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia was not sure how to cope with the changes this day brought. That morning, she thought of herself like someone who is borrowing temporary patches of happiness by being with Damon. After hurtful words from Lisa, Talia searched for solace in the forest, but then her soul cried when she rogues hurting Damon, and now he told her that they are mates, and he was talking about their future, together. 
Could she be his Luna? The Luna of the Dark Howlers pack? She didn't think so. 
But then… if someone told her a few weeks back that she will get to see this side of Damon, where he was anxiously waiting for her response, she would call that person a liar. 
Somehow, Damon had the power to make impossible things possible. He took her out of that attic, and he gave her a life she only dreamed about and supported her requests to do things on her own, to learn and grow, and now he was talking about forever… the two of them. 
Regardless of anything, Talia was aware that she was completely in love with him. 
Can she stay away from him? Absolutely not. 
As Talia's emotions reflected her thoughts, Damon had a feeling that a kiss is a go, and he leaned to peck her lips once, twice… "It's amazing with the sparks, isn't it?", he murmured. 
"Yes…", she breathed. It was the first time to have that lips-to-lips contact since she started feeling the sparks, and her lips were tantalizingly numb, yet super sensitive at the same time. She really wanted to feel more of it, and Damon didn't let her wait for long. 
"Don't worry about anything, kitten.", Damon spoke between kisses. "I will take care of anything you find overwhelming. I only need you to say that you are mine. Are you mine?" 
"Yes.", Talia responded with a smile and looked into his icy-blue eyes that were reflecting a myriad of emotions. 
"I am Talia Blake. The only one who can call herself Mrs. Blake. As for anything else… give me time." 
Damon thought how that was acceptable. "We have all the time in the world." 
Damon felt a big load falling off his chest. The secret was out, and Talia accepted him as her mate. 
Part of him feared that she might reject him, but now that the danger passed, he was able to fully immerse himself into Talia's presence. 
The next thing will be marking. Should he do it right now? Or should he wait for his wolf to awaken from the slumber? They waited for so long, that an additional day or two won't make much difference. Probably. 
He really wanted to bite her. 
Talia latched herself onto Damon, voluntarily losing herself in his embrace that was enhanced by the delicious sparks that made her feel alive. Everything he did was amazing, yet she really wanted more. 
Their kisses quickly turned hungry. 
Damon tugged on Talia's hospital gown, exposing her body for him to feast upon, and her soul hummed in pleasure at the sparks that converged at her core. 
The machines were beeping loudly, but both Damon and Talia were lost in the haze of their arousal and didn't notice anything out of place until the door of their room flew open and Travis stormed in. 
"Ah!", Talia screamed while pulling the cover higher to conceal her breasts.. Yes, Damon's torso was obscuring Travis's view of Talia's body, but that only made it more awkward.
###Chapter 213 - Back From The Pack Hospital [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
This bonus chapter is to celebrate the super gift this novel received. 
Thank you, Peaches1, for the Magic Castle! 
--- 
Damon realized that noisy machines were attached to him, and he yanked the cables from his body, making the whole room fall into deafening silence. 
Travis stared at his feet and pretended not to see Talia scrambling to cover herself, but Damon's vicious aura was difficult to ignore. 
Damon was ready to jump on Travis and hurt him badly, but Talia was holding onto him, and Damon didn't want to expose her by moving away. 
Travis was unsure if it was safer to leave or stay, and before he could decide, Damon growled at him. 
"Why are you here?" 
Travis hesitated. It was obvious what Damon and Talia were about to do, and the fact that Damon's increased heart rate caused machines to go crazy, confirmed Travis's guess. 
Travis knew that he interrupted something that shouldn't be interrupted, but with the alarms ringing, he thought that Damon was in critical condition, and the poor doctor was already here. Now what? 
"You are awake. I need to check your condition.", Travis said stoically. 
"Check later!", Damon snapped. 
Seeing that Travis stood rooted in the spot, Damon thought about sending the good Doctor to survival training in the mountains. He could join coach Keith and the soccer team. 
Travis's instincts told him not to oppose Damon, but he needed to do his job. How can he persuade a horny Alpha to listen? 
Travis got an idea… "If your results are fine, you can go home." 
Damon's frown deepened. He was fine, more than fine, until Travis showed up. 
"I want to go home. We should get checked…", Talia said to Damon in a whisper. She wanted confirmation that Damon's wounds truly healed and that there are no side effects from wolfsbane. 
Damon closed his eyes and exhaled sharply. "OK." He waved at Travis impatiently. "Hurry up! And get us some clothes…" 
… 
"I never saw anything like it. This is amazing!", Travis exclaimed while looking at Talia's and Damon's test results. 
"Is that a good amazing?", Talia asked while trying to figure out why was Travis so excited. She was behind the privacy screen, putting on a t-shirt and pants that nurses brought for her to change into. 
The clothes she was brought in were dirty. 
"If I didn't examine you myself earlier today, I would assume that you were not hurt at all.", Travis responded. 
"Since we are good, we can leave. Right?" Damon was eager to leave and maximize his time with Talia. His mate. Now that she knew they are mates, there were so many things for them to do. Like sex, talk about babies, sex, her Luna ceremony, sex... 
Travis really wanted to do more tests, but he could see that Damon's displeasure was growing with every moment of silence. "You can leave. But come back tomorrow for another…" 
"We will come when we get time.", Damon cut him off and turned to Talia who stepped out from behind the privacy screen. "Let's go home." 
Talia looked at Damon who was wearing only a pair of shorts and then asked Travis, "Don't you have a t-shirt to give him?" 
"I don't need it." Damon was used to walking around topless. It was nothing new. Besides, nudity was normal for werewolves. 
Talia narrowed her eyes at him. "Really? Then, I will remove my top." 
Damon couldn't believe it. "What?" 
Talia pursed her lips stubbornly. "If you can go out like that, so can I." 
Talia clutched the edge of her t-shirt like she wanted to remove it, and Damon was quick to hold her hands. 
Damon guessed that Talia was bluffing. She is shy and there was no way she would walk around exposed, but Damon knew that Talia was trying to make a point and he had no intention to anger her. 
"Travis, find me a t-shirt.", Damon said, and Travis hid his laughter behind a cough. 
Travis wanted to tease Damon. The almighty Alpha found his match, but Travis knew that if he says that aloud, he would get punished, so he kept that for himself. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia and Damon returned to the packhouse in time for dinner. 
Before entering the packhouse, Damon stood in front of Talia and looked at her seriously. 
"I need to tell you one thing.", he said. "Maya and Caden know we are mates." 
Talia stared at Damon in disbelief. "You told them and not me?" 
"I didn't tell anyone. The two of them guessed based on my behavior.", Damon quickly said in his defense. It was the almost truth. They guessed, but Damon still told Caden. Talia didn't need to know this small detail. 
Talia was curious. "You acted differently with me?" 
"I brought you home, arranged for you to stay on the third floor, cared about your wellbeing, and modified my schedule so that we can spend time together. I never did that before, for anyone." 
Damon wanted to say that she can ask Maya, but he was aware that Maya could blabber about his previous behavior, and that could backfire big time. 
"I know I made mistakes, kitten. And I will probably make more. Now that you know we are mates, I hope you will tell me when I mess up something. I was an ass who never cared for a female. You are my first." 
Talia liked that she was his first in something, but she had a condition, "I need you to promise that you won't hide things from me. If something is related to me, or us, I want you to tell me." 
"I can do that.", Damon said and made a cross on his chest with his index finger, to indicate his sincerity. 
"And no double standards.", Talia added. "We are equal. If you can do something, so can I. If you want to walk around half-naked, think if you would be OK with me doing the same thing." 
Damon nodded in agreement. "Anything else?" 
"That's it. For now.", Talia said. 
Damon glanced at the front door of the packhouse. "Steph and Lisa don't know we are mates. Do you want to tell them?" 
Talia paused at this question. It was not only about Stephanie and Lisa but about everyone else. Damon said how he hid the fact they are mates in order to protect Talia and she wanted to know what changed that now he was eager to announce it. But she could guess how that would be a lengthy conversation, so she decided to keep it for later. 
Talia didn't think it would matter if Stephanie knew, but Lisa… "Let's take this slow. To be honest, I'm still processing the information." 
Damon had no intention to rush Talia into anything. He was waiting until now, and he can wait a bit longer, however… "We should at least say we are in a relationship. It will send a message to other women who are…" Damon's voice trailed when he saw Talia glaring at him. 
Talia remembered Cassie, Marcy, Ashley, Heather, and numerous other heated gazes directed his way, and Talia's dejection swelled. 
How Talia saw this, if Damon was not promiscuous, there wouldn't be so many women buzzing around him. And being an Alpha is not a justification. Axel and Tony also have Alpha bloodline and they are not shagging everything that has two legs and is wearing a skirt. 
"No", Talia said with determination. "I don't want you to use me as a shield against women who want to crawl into your bed. Clean your own mess." 
"OK", Damon agreed immediately. He felt Talia's irritation and didn't want to add to it. They will talk about it later. 
Talia thought they are about to get into the packhouse, but Damon was holding her hand and he didn't move while his intense gaze was focused on her, so she had to ask, "Anything else?" 
Damon smiled a little. "Welcome home, kitten." 
Talia's heart swelled. Home. Somehow, that word had a different meaning because now she knew they were mates. 
Talia always craved for a place where she would be accepted, a place where she would feel safe, a place where she could always return, a place where she could be herself… but that place was not a building or a spot on the map. It was Damon. He was her home. 
Talia stepped close to Damon and wrapped her arms around him. "It's good to be home." 
Damon let out a laugh full of joy while gathering Talia against him. 
If someone told him that he will be this happy just because a female accepted him, he would call that person a liar, but here he was, holding his kitten in his arms, feeling her body pressing against his, and he was absolutely happy just because she was hugging him back. It was surreal. 
"We should go inside", Damon spoke into her hair. "The others are waiting for us." 
Before Talia could respond, Damon scooped her into his arms and carried her into the packhouse, princess style. 
It would be romantic if his hand was not squeezing her ass. 
Talia glared at Damon, but he grinned and wiggled his eyebrows mischievously. 
She burst into giggles at his silly behavior. Butt-squeezing or not, they both survived today's crisis, they were together, and she was happy. 
Talia's giggles stopped abruptly when she realized that Damon was carrying her straight into the dining room from where voices could be heard. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 214 - Nothing Is Off-limits For Talia
"Good evening, everyone!", Damon said cheerfully while walking into the dining room with Talia in his arms. 
Talia stopped her futile struggle to get out of his hold. She couldn't believe that Damon was acting like nothing was out of place. 
She wanted to smack him or bite him or say something nasty, but she knew it would only make things worse, and probably spur him to do something even more outrageous, like spanking her. 
Talia comforted herself that Damon moved his hand from her ass and his hold on her was decent. 
"Sorry for being late, we got delayed in the pack hospital.", Damon said while lowering Talia to sit in her chair carefully, like he was handling a delicate porcelain doll. 
"Don't worry about it.", Caden responded. "We are glad you could make it. If you stayed overnight, Steph would send you food." 
"The food in the pack hospital is not the best.", Stephanie said in her defense. She was ready to send food, thinking that Damon and Talia won't eat well there. Talia doesn't eat much, but Alpha's appetite is something else. 
When Damon sat in his spot, Talia nervously glanced at the faces at the table. 
Maya and Caden were munching on appetizers, like their eyecatching entrance of Damon carrying Talia was a totally normal thing. 
Lisa was fiddling with her phone while pretending not to see Damon and Talia. She was angry that her mother made her work in the kitchen, and compared to that, Talia was being carried like a princess. Where is justice? 
Oblivious to Lisa's dejection, Stephanie was looking at Talia with all concern in the world. 
"Are you alright, dear?", Stephanie asked Talia. She assumed that Damon was carrying her due to injuries. "We heard that you bumped into rogues in the forest, and you got hurt. Maya said it's not serious, but if it was not serious, why would Damon stay there with you?" 
"I'm fine.", Talia responded. "Doctor Travis wanted to ensure all tests were done before he discharged me." 
"Good, good…", Stephanie said. "Since everyone is here, we will bring food to the table." She turned to Lisa and gestured toward the kitchen, and Lisa stood up and followed after her mother. 
Once Stephanie and Lisa stepped out, Maya spoke to Damon through the mind-link that was open only for Maya, Damon, and Caden. 
'Are you well enough to carry Talia around?' 
Maya didn't want to risk Lisa or Stephanie overhearing them, and if Stephanie notices that the trio is talking through the mind-link, she will know they are hiding something. 
Both Caden and Maya were aware of Damon's state when they left the hospital. Damon contacted Caden to ask for updates, but Caden didn't see him in person, and now that Damon showed up energetic with Talia in his arms, the Beta duo was utterly confused. 
'I'm perfectly fine.', Damon said. 
'How is that possible?', Caden asked. 
'I'm not sure.', Damon responded honestly. 'The mate bond boosted my healing.' 
Damon didn't want to say that he suspects Talia healed him. Just how them talking with their wolves was a secret, if Talia can actually heal others or blast them away with a thought, that shouldn't be publicized. 
Damon saw that both Maya and Caden looked at him suspiciously, ready to ask more questions, Damon decided to give them something, 'Talia knows we are mates.' 
Maya's face lit up. 'Really? When are you going to announce it?' She was mentally planning Talia's Luna ceremony from the moment Talia arrived at the Dark Howlers pack. 
'Not yet.', Damon said. 'Talia wants to keep it low-key for now. Don't push it because she needs time to adjust to her status before others start treating her as my Luna. Talia is aware that the two of you know.' 
Maya turned to look at Talia with a grin on her face, happy that she doesn't need to pretend to be oblivious in front of Talia anymore. 
"Hey!", Talia protested. "It's obvious you are talking about me." She turned to Damon with a pout. "You promised no secrets." 
"Sorry. Habit.", Damon said quickly. "Caden and Maya were just saying how they are happy we are fine." 
"Riiiiight", Talia drawled while eyeing the trio cautiously, but she was happy. Somehow, sitting next to Damon, with Maya and Caden at the table, was relaxing and the overall atmosphere was welcoming. It was a good feeling, and the fact that Damon held her hand, made it better. 
Stephanie and Lisa entered the dining room, and everyone's attention was drawn toward the steaming dishes. 
"I made something light when I heard you will be coming from the pack hospital…", Stephanie said while placing a bowl with chicken gnocchi soup close to Talia. The soup was paired well with freshly baked breadsticks, and it all smelled divine. Talia's stomach rumbled. 
Lisa was not happy to be the one serving food, but she didn't dare to make a scene. She already argued with her mother several times, and she understood the stances of Maya and Caden from when they warned her to treat Talia with respect, and now that Damon was here, pouring soup in Talia's bowl, Lisa knew that if she raises a fuss, it will backfire big time. 
Two trips later, all the food was on the table and Lisa finally got to sit and help herself. 
Stephanie is an amazing cook, and everything looked, smelled, and tasted great, but Lisa couldn't enjoy her mother's cooking. How can she enjoy it when Damon was feeding Talia? And he was even blowing gently every time to disperse the steam so that Talia doesn't burn her mouth. Needless to say, Tony never did anything like that for Lisa. 
Maya and Caden observed the situation during dinner. It was obvious that Damon and Talia were smitten with each other and not paying attention to anyone else, and the Beta couple knew that it would get much worse after Damon marks Talia. 
The mark will give a boost to their mate bond and they will completely be consumed with each other, and that will last for some time until they get used to their new normal. 
Seeing how much Damon was hovering around Talia, Maya could imagine that after marking, the couple won't come out of the bedroom for a week, or a month... maybe longer. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
When they were close to finishing their meal, Caden asked Damon in an official tone, "Alpha, can we have a minute in the study before you retreat for the night?" 
Damon was not happy to part from Talia, but based on Caden's demeanor, he guessed it was important. 
"Can I join?", Talia asked. She didn't want to part from Damon. 
While working as Damon's assistant, Talia already knew many important things related to the Dark Howlers pack, and she didn't think it will be a problem. 
Before Damon could answer, Lisa spoke, "Beta wants to talk to the Alpha. What makes you think you are qualified?" 
"Lisa!", Stephanie snapped. 
Everyone looked at Lisa in disbelief and Lisa realized that she blurted out her thoughts. Luckily, she didn't say all of it. 
Damon's inquisitive stare made Lisa break into a cold sweat. 
It took Lisa a moment to force a smile and say, "Why are you looking at me like I said something strange? When ranking members discuss pack matters, others can't join. I was informing Talia about the rules since it's obvious that she isn't familiar with them." 
"It's not up to you to determine if Talia can join Alpha or not. This is not the Lightclaw pack, Lisa. We have different rules.", Maya said and turned to Talia. "While guys are talking, I would like to have a chat with you, Talia. In private. If that's OK." 
Talia glanced at Damon, silently asking him what to do, and he responded with a shrug and, "It's up to you. Nothing is off-limits for you." 
Talia had a feeling that Maya's invitation for a talk was just an excuse to provide privacy to Damon and Caden, and she didn't want to push for it. Besides, Damon promised that if it's related to her, he won't keep secrets. 
"I will see what Maya wants, and meet you in our bedroom later.", Talia responded to Damon. 
Damon didn't . He took a note that Talia said OUR bedroom. It sounded perfect. 
"It will save us time. When I get back, I will tell you how my talk with Caden went…" 
Lisa made a face like she swallowed a fly. She was just pointing out Talia's lack of qualifications, yet Damon said the opposite. How can nothing be off-limits for Talia? She is just an Omega, a wolf-less she-wolf. 
Lisa is Beta's daughter, her wolf is healthy, yet Tony never included her in anything pack related. How can Lisa accept this? Why was Talia getting special treatment from everyone while Lisa was being neglected? 
As a child, Lisa was the princess of the Dark Howlers pack. Later, Lisa became Tony's girlfriend, the princess of the Lightclaw pack. Throughout her life, everyone treated her with respect and was eager to please her, yet now she was nobody who works in the kitchen and is serving food. 
Lisa felt like trashing the whole place while screaming her lungs out, but she used the last bits of her control to swallow her grievances and not allow them to come to the surface. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 215 - Two Private Talks
After dinner, Stephanie and Lisa got busy with cleanup, Damon and Caden went to the study, and Maya led Talia into the room that Maya and Caden are sharing. 
The moment the door closed behind Maya, Maya wrapped Talia into a hug. 
"I'm happy for you, dear.", Maya said to Talia. "How did you find out you are mates? Did Damon tell you? Or was it your wolf? Tell me. I want to know!" 
Talia was flustered with this sudden hugging and all the questions and before Talia could say a word, Maya pulled her to sit on the sofa and she looked at Talia expectantly. 
Talia released a long breath in defeat. "I don't feel my wolf's presence, so I don't think she is back. However, I can feel the sparks when Damon and I touch. I thought that it's due to some medication, but then Damon put that in the context of scent and attraction and…" 
Maya listened with interest. Normally, werewolves meet and bam, it happens, but this was different. 
"Damon told me that you figured it out on your own.", Talia said when she finished her story. "Is that true?" 
It's not that Talia doubted Damon, but she was curious what hints Maya picked up that revealed Talia was Damon's mate. 
Maya was happy to talk after weeks of keeping secrets. "I suspected that you are special when you came out of the trunk. And then Damon opened the door for you to enter the car and he was making sure you were comfortable while sleeping." 
Maya laughed at Talia's confused expression. 
"I know, those are simple things, but Damon would never bring a woman with him, or act like a gentleman." Maya opened her mouth to say how in addition to that, Talia is not Damon's type (a mature, curvaceous woman with plenty of experience), but Maya closed her mouth without saying those words, knowing that Damon might skin her alive. 
After hearing Maya's explanation, Talia asked, "Is that why you called me to your room now?" 
"I wanted us to clarify this, and to let you know that whatever you need, I'm available to help. And also…" Maya paused. "Is Lisa giving you a hard time?" 
Talia was alerted. "What makes you think so?" 
Maya didn't want to say that she overheard Lisa ranting about Talia in the kitchen. That was not important. Whatever happened already was Caden's part. Maya's role was to talk to Talia about the future. 
Maya chose her words while speaking, "Lisa is struggling to accept the reality where she is not Tony's partner, and she is not the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack. Because of that, she is bitter and angry. Considering your position, I fear that she might target you." 
Talia nodded in understanding. "I know that even if Lisa says mean things, she is only trying to release her frustration and it's not related to me." 
"Don't let your guard down.", Maya warned Talia. "You are not the cause of her predicament, but that doesn't mean she won't try to harm you. If Lisa does anything to upset you, I need you to speak up. Fight back or tell us about it and we will teach Lisa a lesson. She had a pampered life so far and is heartbroken, but those are not giving her a free pass to be a bitch." 
Talia nodded in agreement, but Maya had a feeling that Talia didn't understand the severity of her situation, so she added, "Now you know that you are Damon's mate, the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Keep that in mind. Even if others don't know you and Damon are mates, it's obvious that Damon values you. If anyone bullies you, they are disrespecting Damon and the pack." 
Maya was pleased that Talia's expression changed. Just as Maya guessed, even if Talia allows others to bully her, she will stand up for Damon. 
"Alright!", Maya exclaimed. "Now that we got this out of the way, there is one more thing…" 
Talia watched as Maya dashed into the closet and she returned with several skimpy garments in her hands. 
"I never wore these", Maya said. "Look, the tags are still on. Pick one or two. When we get a chance, the two of us can go shopping for more." 
"What should I do with this?", Talia asked while suspiciously eyeing a see-through babydoll. That night dress didn't provide any coverage. 
"Now that you know you are mates, you should make it special. This spark will set the stage for the rest of the night…", Maya said in a singing voice, and her eyebrows wiggled suggestively. 
Talia's face exploded in fierce blush. "I can't take this." 
"Yes, you can.", Maya said sternly. "Pick one, or I will pick for you. Don't worry about returning it because Damon will probably rip it into shreds. I use these as disposable garments. Oh, tomorrow we can get negligees and costumes like a sexy nurse or a slutty maid. Caden loves cosplay, and I'm confident that Damon will get fired up when he sees you in it..." 
Talia was not sure how to respond to this. Any more fire and Damon will set the whole packhouse ablaze. 
Maya stood up and started swaying her hips in slow motion. "When I do this, Caden goes crazy... he loves a good chase so I run and he needs to work for it..." 
Talia stared at Maya without blinking. Was she supposed to run around in those see-through garments? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the study… 
Damon's face was dark as he watched a video showing a scene from that morning. It was Talia and Lisa in front of the study. There was no sound, but it was obvious that Lisa was not friendly because their minute-long interaction ended with Lisa bumping Talia with her shoulder, even though there was plenty of space to pass. It was intentional. 
Damon forgot that they have video surveillance in the hallways and public areas of the packhouse and around it. They installed it shortly after Damon became Alpha and as he stabilized his position, they stopped checking it. 
"After this, another camera shows that Talia went straight into the garden, and from there, she headed into the forest where she met rogues.", Caden said. "In the hospital, Talia told Maya that she went for a walk, but Maya didn't buy it. It was Maya's idea to check the surveillance and see if we can find something out of place." 
Damon remembered that he asked Talia why she went into the forest, and Talia didn't mention it was related to Lisa. 
Damon knew that Talia is not a person who would engage in arguments. Actually, he saw firsthand how Cassie bullied her and Talia endured without talking back and based on what he saw in the video, this was a similar situation. 
Damon didn't get it. He understood that Lisa was hysteric because Tony dumped her, but how did that relate to Talia? If Lisa was his ex, he would understand her hostility toward Talia, but considering that he and Lisa never crossed the line and that Lisa was obviously enamored with Tony, Damon was confused. 
Did Lisa and Talia have some interaction he was not aware of? Talia didn't know that Lisa ate food Talia made for the two of them. Or was there something else? 
"Did you talk to Lisa to clarify this?", Damon asked. 
"No. I wanted to show you this and also to tell you that Maya and I overheard Lisa talking to Steph. Lisa has trouble accepting that Talia shouldn't be treated as an Omega." 
Damon gestured toward the paused video that showed the scene from that morning, Talia standing in the hallway after Lisa left. "Does Lisa treat all Omegas like this? Even if she believes Talia is Omega, this is not acceptable." 
Caden shrugged helplessly. "She came from the Lightclaw pack. You know they are different. Anyway, I only wanted to let you know about this. Maya and I warned Lisa to treat Talia with respect, but it seems that she didn't take our words seriously. Actually, based on this, I can conclude that it only increased her indignation." 
Normally, they would punish such behavior, but considering that Lisa is Stephanie's daughter, Caden and Maya didn't go beyond verbal warnings. 
Stephanie was loyal to the Dark Howlers pack from before they were born, and they all respect her. 
Damon understood that it's up to him to decide on what to do. Well, there was only one thing. 
"Thanks for showing me this, Caden. I will talk to Lisa." 
Damon really didn't want to talk to Lisa, but what were his options? 
He told himself to calm down and investigate first. 
Talia obviously didn't want Damon to find out about this, and he wondered if she didn't want him to worry or maybe Talia wanted to handle this herself. In any case, he didn't want to risk that Lisa escalates and draws a wedge between him and Talia. 
Talia just found out they are mates, and even though she can feel the sparks, Damon was aware that Talia still doesn't feel the bond to its full extent and things between them were still somewhat fragile. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 216 - Talk To Lisa [Bonus ]
In Lisa's room… 
As soon as she returned from the kitchen, Lisa lathered her hands in a thick layer of moisturizer. All that water and dirt from dishes and cleaning the kitchen was ruining her perfect skin. 
Once she settled down in her room, Lisa took her tablet and was checking online sources for the latest news related to Tony and Kalina. She knew that she shouldn't do that because it only increased her dejection, but it was like a deadly addiction she couldn't extricate herself from. 
Since Lisa returned home, she is on her own. No one understands her. Those few who spoke to her said how she will get over it eventually and that she should move on, but Lisa didn't know where to start. Everything she knew was taken away from her and she was lost. 
It didn't take long for Lisa to give in to her demons that whispered how she was suffering injustice, she was set up, everyone was mocking her, how nobodies like Kalina and Talia get Alphas to dote on them while Lisa was stuck in her room with only her misery for company. 
Lisa gritted her teeth at the photo of Tony and Kalina who were gazing at each other lovingly, and there was a zoomed-in part of Kalina's neck that had reddish patterns, a clear indication that Tony's mark was forming on her skin. 
For everyone, that mark signified that Kalina belongs to Tony, but for Lisa, that was a symbol of Tony being out of her reach... Lisa will not be the Luna of the Lightclaw pack. It's official. 
Lisa knew that in two days Tony and Kalina will be in the packhouse. 
Can Lisa stay in her room obediently and pretend not to exist when Tony and Kalina are enjoying their life? They will be one floor above her… only one floor. 
Lisa's fury swelled. In the world of werewolves, staying on a higher floor signifies higher status, so even during this visit, the placement of their rooms will remind her that they are above her. 
After a short knock, the door opened, and Lisa angrily whipped her head in that direction to see her mother. 
"Why are you…?", Lisa's question directed at Stephanie was cut-off halfway when Lisa saw that Damon was one step behind Stephanie. 
Damon wanted to talk to Lisa, and from his experience of dealing with hysteric women, Damon knew that he shouldn't be alone with Lisa. That would give her an opportunity to make up stuff. That's why he asked Stephanie to accompany him. 
Lisa's room was on the first floor. It was a bedroom large enough for a twin-sized bed, a desk, a chair, and there was a sofa next to the wall. A sliding door was concealing a closet. 
Rooms on the first floor didn't have their own bathrooms, but they shared one bathroom with three showers, three sinks, and three toilet stalls. 
Those rooms were designated for Omegas who were maintaining the packhouse and staying there full-time, but since Damon took over as the Alpha, all those Omegas moved away, and Stephanie moved from the suite on the second floor she shared with her mate, to one of these bedrooms. With her husband gone, Stephanie didn't want to stay in a suite that was for the high-ranking members of the pack. 
Seeing that Stephanie came to her room with Damon, Lisa quickly stood up to greet them. She guessed that it's important because Damon had never come to her room before. 
"Please, sit.", Lisa said while gesturing toward the sofa. 
Stephanie glanced at Damon who waved at her to go ahead. 
"I will stand.", Damon said and stuffed his hands in the pockets of his pants. 
Damon waited for Lisa to sit before saying, "I came here to address two things. The first one is about the guests that will be here in two days. Tony will come with Kalina. Are you prepared to face them, or do you have other arrangements?" 
Lisa's brows furrowed. That morning, she went to the study to talk to Damon and see if that visit can be postponed (indefinitely), but Damon was not there, and then the next thing she heard was that there were rogues, and Talia was in the hospital and Damon was with her… and Lisa didn't get a chance to talk to Damon about this. 
"So… they are coming?", Lisa asked without concealing her disappointment. 
Damon glanced at Stephanie. "I thought you told her about this." 
"I did.", Stephanie said quickly. "But Lisa didn't respond if she will be here or if she will be somewhere else during Tony's stay." 
Damon nodded in understanding and turned to Lisa. "Well? If you want to leave, I will arrange a place for you. You need to tell me now because the time is running out. Do you want to stay somewhere else in the pack? We don't know how long they are staying, but it's safe to assume that it won't be less than one week. If you don't have friends where you can crash for such a long time, Maya can arrange for you one of the apartments that Omegas are using. Or do you want to go to your aunt's? Or… pick a place. I will book for you a room in a hotel. It will be fun." 
"Fun.", Lisa repeated. "Outsiders are coming, and you are sending me away. How can that be fun?" 
"No one is forcing you to leave, Lisa.", Damon said. "However, Tony is coming here on official business, as the next Alpha of the Lightclaw pack. If you stick around, we can assume that you will cross paths. Can you stay cool in his presence, and not make things awkward for Tony, Kalina, or anyone else?" 
Lisa was dejected. She always got what she wanted, but now Damon spoke with finality, and it didn't seem it will work how she imagined. 
Damon was welcoming Tony who discarded her, and even his newly-found mate (aka Kalina). And considering that Stephanie was forcing her to work in the kitchen, will she end up serving them food? Lisa was used to being served, and if she needs to serve her ex and his mate, that will be degrading! 
But if she leaves, that will be admitting defeat. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Lisa is a prideful she-wolf, and she was not willing to run with the tail between her legs but staying didn't seem like a good option either. 
Why can't Damon just tell them not to come? 
Where was that Damon who would buy her ice cream and chase away other kids so that Lisa can go on the swing? 
It seems that the doting Damon was reserved for Talia only, and Lisa had difficulty accepting that. 
"Can I tell you in the morning?", Lisa asked. 
Damon shrugged. "Sure. You have until breakfast, or I will assume you don't need me to make arrangements for you. However, if you decide to stay, I will warn you not to make a scene, otherwise, there will be consequences. We can't put our personal grudges in front of the interest of the pack. As someone who is living in the packhouse, you need to think about our guests first and don't embarrass them or me. Do you understand?" 
Lisa pressed her lips into a line and nodded. 
"Good.", Damon said. "I came here for one more thing. What is your relationship with Talia?" 
At this, both Lisa and Stephanie stiffened, and Damon didn't miss this. It's not that he doubted Caden's words, but seeing the reaction of mother and daughter confirmed that there is something going on… something he won't like. 
"My relationship with Talia?", Lisa asked. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Lisa. "This morning the two of you met in front of the study. Care to tell me about it?" 
Lisa got defensive. "What did Talia tell you?" 
"It doesn't matter what she said. I want to hear from you.", Damon said. 
Lisa was not sure if this was a good thing or not. She saw with her own eyes how Damon was being lovey-dovey with Talia, but now he was here, asking for her opinion, so she assumed that he probably values whatever she had to say. 
"I went to your study, to talk about Tony's visit, but you were not there. On my way out, I bumped into Talia. She offered me to convey the message, but then she started talking about how you are busy and that I shouldn't bother you with nonimportant things." 
Lisa mixed in truth with some lies and she gauged Damon's expression, but he didn't move, so she became uneasy. 
"Did I cross the line?", Lisa asked. "I know that Talia is your assistant, but she didn't seem to be very professional." 
"Talia is assisting me. As for being professional, you should keep in mind that she started recently and is adjusting to her new role. In the near future, I will be giving her more responsibilities." 
Seeing that Damon was not scolding her, Lisa decided to push things a bit further. "I am not sure if Talia can handle more. She is stumbling with simple things like being polite and showing respect." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 217 - Talk To Lisa (cont.)
"Respect is earned, Lisa.", Damon said. "You can't expect others to respect you if you are not giving them the same in return. Everyone is doing their best to contribute. I know that you just returned and are still adjusting. Things here are different compared to the Lightclaw pack. I am glad to hear that you are helping Stephanie in the kitchen. Do your best and you might take over her responsibilities." 
Lisa couldn't believe this. Telling Omegas what to do in the packhouse is one thing, but who the hell wants to work in the kitchen? 
Suddenly, an invisible lightbulb lit up above Lisa's head. 
"I was thinking about it. Contributing." 
"You did?", Damon asked, surprised by Lisa's enthusiasm. 
Lisa nodded. "I know you have a lot of work. That's why you hired Talia. I can help you." 
Damon was not sure where this was going. "You can?" 
"Absolutely!", Lisa exclaimed. "I have a Beta bloodline. I am fit for that role." 
"Are you offering to be my Beta?", Damon wanted to clarify. Did Lisa just volunteer to be Damon's second in command? 
"I know that I'm inexperienced, but if Talia can learn, so can I.", Lisa said confidently. 
Damon poked his cheek with his tongue while trying to wrap his head around this sudden turn of events. Damon wondered if he ever gave any hints to Lisa that he trusts her or her abilities, or if she was overreaching. 
"I never said that you can't learn, Lisa but… I already have a Beta. Caden and I spent many years together and he earned his right to watch my back. He is loyal and reliable and when I'm facing rogues who want to sink their fangs into my throat, there is no one else I would trust to be by my side." 
Lisa looked at Damon stubbornly. "Caden is only one man. Yes, there is Maya, but everyone knows that she became Beta only thanks to Caden, while I have Beta blood…" 
"That's enough!", Stephanie interrupted Lisa and turned to Damon. "I apologize, Alpha. Lisa crossed the line." 
"No. No.", Damon said quickly. "Don't apologize in her stead. Lisa is not a child. She can speak for herself and bear the consequences." He turned to Lisa. "Do you know what are duties of a Beta? Beta is not a job opening anyone can fill, and just a bloodline is not enough. To be a high-ranking member, you need to act like one and train like one. Show me you are made for that role. I expect perfection and consistency, and then I will consider giving you a position that will fit your performance. Is that clear?" 
Lisa didn't like that Damon asked her to prove things in advance. They know each other since they were kids, and her father was a Beta to his father. Shouldn't that be enough? "Does all that apply to Talia also?" 
"Yes.", Damon responded without missing a beat, and Lisa's temper flared. 
"And what did the wolf-less she-wolf without any background do to deserve your consideration other than warming your bed?" 
Stephanie stood up abruptly, but Damon raised his hand, indicating to her to sit back down, his stern gaze not leaving Lisa who spoke with an inflated sense of importance. 
Damon couldn't believe that Lisa said that about Talia. He suppressed his rage and responded. 
"You are right. Talia is a wolf-less she-wolf without any background who came here only a few weeks ago. However, during that time, Talia managed to make the whole soccer team of the Dark Howlers pack kneel in front of her, she was the MVP of the tournament, she made friends with high-ranking members of other packs, and everyone in the packhouse admires her spirit to learn and improve. What's less known is that Talia contributed to our warriors and secured us a tribute from the Steelbite pack. She did all those on her own, without her wolf, without any background, and without warming my bed. Talia didn't rely on a man to achieve a fake status that would dissolve the moment I step out of the picture." 
Lisa frowned at Damon's words. Did he just throw a jab at her? 
Damon's expression turned icy. "Talia is selfless and resourceful, and I guarantee that she will have my support for retaliating against people who treat her like trash. Is that understood?" 
Lisa pressed her lips into a line. 
"Good.", Damon said without waiting for Lisa's response. "If you want to be a high-ranking member of my pack, show me you can do it. Make people respect you by using your own strength. I don't care what bloodline you have. I want to know what you are made of, and unless you can stand out on your own, you will be an Omega. Talia is working as my assistant, but she doesn't shy from working in the kitchen or setting up beds, and she is not looking down on anyone. Talia gives the same treatment to an Omega and to an Alpha. Instead of thinking about Talia as inferior, you should learn from her. Don't mistake Talia's lack of action for weakness because you will regret underestimating her." 
Damon saw that Lisa was staring at him blankly and he snapped his fingers in front of her face. "Did you get this?" 
Lisa involuntarily lowered her head, even though Damon didn't use his Alpha aura to suppress her. His tone was enough for Lisa to get a glimpse of the greatness she will never reach. 
"Yes, Alpha.", Lisa said. 
"If I get a whiff about you giving a hard time to Talia or anyone else in the packhouse, I won't hesitate in punishing you because disrespecting people who are close to me is equal to disrespecting me. You should thank your mother that this ended with only a verbal warning, but there is a limit to how much that protection will stretch. I am well aware that Tony found his mate and left you hanging, but shit happens, and you need to deal with it. Bullying is not the qualification a high-ranking member of my pack should have, and I won't tolerate malicious people in my packhouse." 
With that, Damon left Lisa's room and Stephanie scurried after him. 
Lisa jolted when the door closed behind Damon and Stephanie, leaving Lisa on her own. 
Lisa pressed her lips into a line so firmly that they hurt, and bitter tears started rolling down her cheeks. 
Why did Damon reprimand her? 
Why was everyone against her? 
She plopped on her bed, face first, and the fluffy pillow muffled her angry screams. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon walked down the hallway with Stephanie two steps behind him. 
Yes, he heard Lisa's screams, which started a second after the door closed, but Damon didn't care about it. Damon had no pity for hysterical women who are throwing tantrums and venting their anger on others… others like Talia. 
"Alpha Damon, I'm sorry…" 
"Don't!", Damon cut her off. 
He didn't want to lash out at Stephanie, but he didn't want to leave it at this either. 
Damon wanted Stephanie to understand that Lisa touched his bottom line and if Lisa doesn't retreat, it won't end well. Actually, if not for Stephanie, Damon would send Lisa packing, just how he sent Cassie. 
Damon turned to look at Stephanie. "I know that this morning Lisa and Talia clashed and because of that Talia ran into the forest and ended up bumping into rogues. What Lisa said that happened was not the truth. You know Talia, she would never be rude or disrespectful. If I was ten seconds later, Talia would be captured or dead, yet Lisa doesn't feel a bit of regret for what she did." 
Seeing Stephanie's confused expression, Damon patted her shoulder. "I'm not blaming you, Steph. But I want you to know that Lisa is walking a fine line. She needs to scale down her diva attitude. I don't approve that she has an issue with Talia, and I can't force them to be friends, but I won't tolerate hostility either. You know why I removed everyone from the packhouse a decade ago. The pack is watching and the discord in the packhouse sends ripples in every direction. I am not insisting that Lisa moves to live with other Omegas only because of you and as long as she doesn't cause trouble, she can enjoy the privileges this packhouse provides. However, if Lisa makes a scene, especially in front of our guests, I will be forced to take action and use her to set an example." 
Stephanie lowered her head. "I understand." 
"As for Talia…", Damon paused. "You know in what state Talia was when she arrived here. She made great progress in healing physically and mentally and I won't allow anyone to pull her backward. If Lisa gets on Talia's case again, I will ask Talia to decide on Lisa's punishment, and considering Talia's kind nature, I will add to it. No one gets to bully my people, and Lisa is not an exception." 
The truth was that Damon didn't know what happened in front of the study that morning, but he knew Lisa lied and that was enough for him to be angry. Yes, he could use his Alpha aura to make Lisa spill out everything, but he didn't need to hear the details in order to know that Lisa bullied Talia. And he also knew that Talia didn't tell him in order not to upset him. In a way, she was protecting him. 
Damon felt like a loser. 
So much for a mighty Alpha. 
He was supposed to protect Talia, yet she ended up being bullied under his watch. Again. 
How can he face her now? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 218 - A Small Token Of His Love [Bonus ]
Instead of going upstairs, Damon went to the garden. 
This was the day when Talia recognized him as her mate, and even though he was eager to hold her in his embrace, Damon didn't want external factors to spoil their time together. 
He wanted to calm down before joining Talia and shake off the bitter taste that his interaction with Lisa left behind. 
It's not that Damon cared much about Lisa, but Stephanie was a different thing. 
If it's up to Damon, he would send Lisa to do some hard work in a place no one will recognize her, as a lesson to learn some humility, but out of respect for Stephanie, he couldn't do that. 
Stephanie was one of the few people who stood by his parents, and who supported him wholeheartedly after they were gone without succumbing to power-hungry madness. Out of gratitude for Stephanie's years of service, Damon hoped that Lisa will snap to her senses and that Damon won't need to resort to drastic measures. 
Damon was irked that Talia didn't tell him about Lisa giving her a hard time, but he also knew how that's not Talia's style. 
Talia didn't want him to worry, and she definitely didn't want to put him in a position to choose sides between her and anyone else. 
Talia is not the one to make a fuss which is a stark contrast from Lisa who is throwing tantrums like she is suffering the greatest injustice because Tony found his mate. 
Damon looked up at the moon that was rising above tree canopies and for the first time, he thought how maybe the Moon Goddess really has a plan for everyone. 
If Lisa ended up as the Luna of the Lightclaw pack, that pack would be miserable. 
Luna should be kind and compassionate, a mother figure to every pack member, accepting her children unconditionally despite their flaws, guiding them in the right direction, scolding them when needed, and fighting for them when someone wants to harm them… someone like Talia. 
Damon's heart swelled at this thought. Talia will be an amazing Luna, and the Dark Howlers pack will be lucky to have her, and she is his. 
Damon's attention moved toward the lit-up windows of the third floor. Talia was there. His mate. 
He wished for the power to fly so that he can be up there on that balcony in an instant. 
Damon decided to talk to Talia about Lisa. It was obvious that Talia wanted to conceal this issue from Damon, but Damon didn't want to allow it. He was supposed to be Talia's pillar, someone who will protect her, and how can he protect her if she is concealing her hardships? He will expose what he knows and ask Talia if there is more. 
Damon could see himself cradling Talia in his arms and asking her all those questions and she would answer between kisses he will shower her with. 
Next, Damon wanted to probe into mysterious things he witnessed in the forest with rogues. 
Did she really move so quickly? Did she fling two grown men into the air with her sheer will? Did she heal him? 
And why the heck was she going into the forest on her own when he told her not to? How could she forget his warnings about rogues? He could have lost her, damnit! 
Damon exhaled helplessly while wondering if Talia is so brave or just reckless. In either case, her safety was giving him a headache. Should he demand that she always sticks to him? 
Having Talia in his visual range will definitely come with its set of benefits. 
Damon's legs moved toward the entrance of the packhouse, as his need for Talia overtook his senses, but he stopped abruptly in front of a big rose bush that offered him a perfect red rose with small streaks of pink which shone silvery under the moonlight. 
Damon plucked the rose with a foolish smile on his face while imagining Talia's reaction when he presents her this small token of his love. 
Love. 
If someone told Damon a few weeks ago that he would think about love and wooing a woman while being absolutely smitten himself, Damon would call that person a liar and probably throw him into the dungeon, but here he is… with a rose in his hand, walking in large strides toward the third floor of the packhouse, ready to meet the woman who is gentle like the spring breeze, yet has the power to shake his world completely. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon paused in front of the bedroom door. He was nervous. 
Yes, he entered this room numerous times, and he met with Talia before, but now she knew they were mates, and they will have sex. Lots of it. 
His insides trembled from the anticipation of what's coming, and just thinking about Talia made him hard. 
Damon adjusted his hard-on, blew into his palm to check his breath, and then ran his hand through his hair to tidy it up. 
Should he knock? Ridiculous, it's his room. He and Talia are mates and there are no secrets between them. 
Damon slowly turned the doorknob and his ears perked up when he heard a soft voice from the other side. Talia. 
Damon opened the door just enough to peer inside. His eyes settled at the sight of Talia on the sofa, talking to two plush toys, aka Blackie and Cinna, who were arranged in a sitting position to face her. 
"…I hope Damon won't scold me too much for going into the forest. I was reckless and it got him hurt. If something happened to him..." There was a small pause. "But no matter how angry he is, we don't need to think about moving. Daddy Damon won't kick us out when he finds his Luna, because it seems that's me…" 
Damon's heart cracked as the weight of Talia's emotions washed over him. 
Guilt. Joy. Relief. Love. Excitement. 
How can he scold her for being reckless after this? 
Just the amount of Talia's relief gave him a glimpse of stress she was suppressing because she feared that he will find his mate and abandon her. 
He chided himself for not telling her earlier they are mates. Sure, she wouldn't believe him, but he should have kept on trying until she believed it. 
Damon was confident he was protecting her, but now he knew that his way of protecting Talia caused her pain. All the words how she was special didn't mean much because he didn't tell her clearly they are mates. 
"When did you get here?" 
Talia's question pulled Damon out of his thoughts. 
"A second ago.", Damon responded while hiding the rose behind his back and walking inside. "Sorry that I got delayed. Did you miss me?" 
Talia's cheeks got a rosy tint. "Yes." She always missed him when he was not around. "Was it serious?" 
Damon realized that Talia was asking about his so-called pack-related talk with Caden. "Nothing that can't be fixed." 
Damon wanted to talk to Talia about Lisa and much more, but he decided to do it later because bringing up Lisa will ruin the mood and Talia was already apprehensive. 
He was standing one step in front of Talia now. 
Damon got down on his knee and presented her the rose. "This is for you." 
Talia's eyes widened and a brilliant smile bloomed on her face. 
"Thank you.", she said a bit breathily. 
Damon watched Talia as she put the flower under her nose to take a whiff and he wished for the power to stop the time because the image of Talia beaming from happiness was perfect. 
"Should you be kneeling?", Talia asked. 
"You are the only one who can bring me down to my knees, kitten.", Damon said with a smile that made Talia's heart skip a beat. "You are my mate, and I will do anything to make you happy. Do you believe me?" 
It's not that she didn't believe him, but… "You don't need to do anything. Just stay safe and… be mine." 
Damon's smile widened. She could ask him for literally anything, yet she asked for so little. 
If it's anyone else, Damon would suspect that she was just putting on a facade, because no woman can be this innocent and pure, but the bond allowed him to sense Talia's feelings and they confirmed her sincerity. Can she be any sweeter? 
"I am already yours and always will be.", Damon assured her. 
Talia looked into Damon's icy-blue eyes that reflected a myriad of emotions and she bit her lower lip nervously. He brought her the rose and was kneeling in front of her while professing his love, and she felt that she was lacking in expressing herself. 
She inched closer and gave him a small kiss on the cheek. "Thank you for the flower. I would like to do something for you." 
"Sure.", Damon responded right away. 
Talia stood up and gestured for Damon to sit on the sofa. "Do you mind waiting here for a minute?" 
Damon had no idea what she was up to, but he sat on the sofa obediently and watched as Talia dashed into the closet. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 219 - Talia Is Taking The Initiative
While waiting for Talia to return from the closet, Damon wondered what she was up to. 
Talia said that she wanted to do something for him, and he hoped that it included two naked bodies. His and Talia's. 
He remembered massaging oils that Talia brought after her spa outing with Maya a few days ago. This seemed like a good opportunity to use them. He moved a bit to adjust his hard-on. Thinking about Talia's oily body under his palms made him hard instantly. 
Damon's gaze was drawn to two plush toys that were now looking at him and his mind drifted more than a decade into the past to a memory of his mother who was sitting while Damon combed her hair. 
"You will know the true character of a person based on how they treat the ones who are below them, when no one is watching…", his mother said. 
During those hair-combing sessions, Damon's mother would listen to whatever Damon had to say, and sometimes she would impart him with bits of wisdom. 
It's been a while since he missed his parents, but now he really wished they were here. He would introduce Talia to them proudly and Talia would get two more people who would dote on her. 
Damon smiled at the thought that Talia would definitely get along well with his mother. Talia gets along with everyone. She is so kind, that even toys get good treatment. 
Well, Talia is kind, and Damon... not so much. 
With one flick of his wrist, Cinna found herself on the floor. 
Damon would do anything for Talia, but that plush toy reminded him of the lecherous coach who brought Talia to a secluded spot by the lake, and… Damon didn't want to think about it. 
If Damon didn't fear that Talia would be heartbroken, the wretched toy would go with the bastard coach into the barren mountains and stay there forever. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the closet… 
Talia looked at herself in the full-length mirror and thought how this might not be a good idea. How can she get out like this? 
Maya said that Damon will love it and that for a guy there is no better treat than to see his woman like this. 
Talia was inexperienced, but she didn't want to let Damon do everything and this was her attempt to show initiative. 
Talia was wearing a red babydoll-style garment that was made out of lace which reached just below her behind, exposing her slender legs completely. Small lacy designs covered her nipples and crotch area, a delicate red bow was between her breasts, and everything else was sheer. Yes, she was wearing a dark red thong, but that didn't cover much either. 
Scandalous. 
The more she looked at herself, the more Talia's resolve crumbled. 
She turned sideways and bent a little, only to see her butt cheeks peeking under the lacy hem of the sheer fabric. 
Talia didn't get it. Was this nightwear or underwear? In any case, it didn't provide any warmth or coverage. It was more for decoration. 
She gave herself another look and confirmed that this won't do. She was not brave enough to walk out of the closet wearing only this for Damon to see. 
However, Talia told Damon that she will do something for him, and at that time, Talia thought about wearing this, but… now what? 
Talia froze when she realized that there was a figure at the door of the closet, staring at her. Damon. 
His eyebrows were so high up that they nearly reached his hairline. And something else was up but in his crotch area. 
Damon realized that Talia was taking a lot of time and he came to see if everything was OK because he could feel her anxiety building up. 
He expected to see many things, but this… just what was this? 
It was not his birthday, yet he felt like there was a present in front of him. The best present ever. Talia even had a red bow between her breasts, but the best decoration was her intense blush that contrasted her bold outfit while painting the whole picture of a good girl gone bad. 
The visual was so captivating that Damon stood rooted in his spot, and he would definitely get a nosebleed if most of his blood didn't pool in his crotch area. He was on the verge of fainting. Can a person die from extreme arousal? 
They stared at each other for an unknown measure of time, and Damon was first to break his daze with a grin and, "Are you trying to seduce me, kitten?" 
There was no need for Talia to do anything other than exist, but the fact that she dressed up like this told Damon she was willing, and that made his cock throb painfully in need to merge with Talia. 
Of course, Damon saw numerous women in a variety of provocative outfits, but none of them was able to set his soul on fire how Talia can. She was smart, kind, shy, sometimes fierce, unaware of the power that brewed inside her and oblivious to how beautiful she was inside and out, and she always had a smile for him that had the power to light up his day. Damon knew that no woman ever will be able to move him like that because this was Talia. His mate. His everything. 
Damon's brain function was reduced to the desire to jab his rock-hard cock into her sweet pussy and to stay there until they die of old age. 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air. Damon's hungry gaze made her nervous. 
"Turn around. Let me see you.", Damon's low voice sent vibrations through Talia's body that somehow converged at her core. 
Per command, Talia slowly moved, and she hoped that her thundering heart won't jump out of her ribcage. She was confident that Damon can hear it. 
Damon's hum of approval came from only an inch behind her, and Talia stiffened. She didn't realize at what point he closed the distance between them. 
Damon didn't touch her, but Talia could feel Damon's energy splashing against her back that made her hairs stand on ends. He was dangerous, lethal, and she felt an overwhelming urge to submit to him, but even stronger than her impulse to submit was pride that swelled within her because this exquisite specimen of an Alpha was hers. 
Damon was her mate. For real. 
The powerful, scary, domineering, caring, passionate, moody, playful, and outrageously handsome Alpha who came with an addictive scent and solid embrace was hers. 
Talia felt like pinching herself to confirm she was not dreaming. 
Talia craned her neck to meet Damon's endlessly icy-blue eyes that stared at her with intensity like he can see into the depths of her soul. 
"Is it working?", she asked in a whisper. 
Damon didn't get it. "Hm?" 
"You asked me if I'm trying to seduce you.", Talia reminded him, and Damon released a sexy low chuckle in response before wrapping his arms around her and pulling her to lean on him. 
Talia felt his erection low on her back, and he murmured close to her ear, "It's working, kitten. The desire to feel your sweet pussy milking my cock is maddening." 
Talia was not sure what was more outrageous, his words or the fact that her arousal swelled, but everywhere they touched, addictive sparks danced over her skin, and she really wanted to feel more, much more of it. 
Damon loosened his hold when he felt Talia's body rotating to face him, and he eagerly welcomed her kisses. 
Damon smiled into the kiss when he realized that her hands moved to unbutton his pants. 
He thought that he was the impatient one, but the scent of her arousal was a confirmation that she craved for him, just as much he craved for her, and he loved that Talia was brave enough to take initiative. 
Damon suppressed his urge to have his way with Talia right there on the floor of the closet. This was her moment and he wanted to see how far she will take it. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 220 - Feeling Each Other’s Emotions [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
This bonus chapter is to celebrate the super gift this novel received. 
Thank you, DespinaNY, for the Golden Gachapon! 
--- 
Talia's anxiousness disappeared as Damon's emotions washed over her. 
She was not sure from where they came, but she definitely sensed admiration, approval, and desire, and she knew that no matter what she does, he won't take it against her. 
Talia grabbed the waistband of his pants and pulled it lower while getting down on her knees and Damon held his breath while wondering if she is going to do what he thought she will, and then it happened. 
"Hisss…" 
Damon hissed when she took him into her mouth that was warm and soft and moist, and her tongue moved over his tip, sending sensational sparks that clouded his mind in pure lust. 
The cataclysmic sensation took him by surprise and his legs gave in, making him hold onto Talia's shoulders to steady himself. It was that good. 
Talia felt the pressure as Damon leaned his weight on her, and she realized that she can't hold him. He was heavy and her position was not the most comfortable one. 
"Come down…", she called, and Damon plopped on his knees without delay, groaning the moment her lips reconnected with his cock that was aching for her touch. 
Damon's pants were bunched around his ankles, preventing him from sitting all the way down and he didn't want to interrupt Talia, so he ended up sitting on his heels with his body leaning backward as he supported himself with his hands on the floor. 
The sight of Talia down on her all four, leaning to suck him off with her snowy-white ass perked up in the air was mind-blowingly sexy. He really wanted to reach there and give her a squeeze or maybe spank her a bit, but his hands were busy supporting him, and his current position prevented him from moving and he ended up staring at the ceiling and letting Talia do with him whatever she wanted. 
Talia looked up at Damon to see his blissful expression and she felt a sense of accomplishment. She did that. 
Talia moved on instinct, emboldened by his reaction. 
She sucked and licked, taking him into her mouth every time a bit more and she remembered the sensation of him reaching into her throat, so she did that as well and Damon rewarded her with a hearty groan. 
That powerful and majestic Alpha was absolutely at her mercy, and she enjoyed the power she had over him. 
Talia loved various sounds he released depending on what she did, and his arousal affected her, making her want to do more for him as her body tingled with faint numbing electricity. 
"Talia… Talia…", Damon chanted in the rhythm she set, and she heard his erratic breaths that told her he needed just a bit more. But what could that more be? 
She remembered some advice Maya gave her, and how quickly Damon moved when he held her hair in the shower, so she sucked harder and her head bobbed faster, and she reached with her free hand and gave his balls a squeeze. 
As per command, Damon's body buckled as he cursed under his breath, and Talia gasped when his orgasm washed over her, making her nearly come herself. She struggled to stay focused while licking him, not willing to waste a single drop of that delicious dark chocolate. 
The moment Talia let go of him, Damon plopped on the side and kicked those damned pants away. That was the closest thing he ever got to bondage, and he didn't like the feeling of being restricted. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
After catching his breath, Damon looked at Talia who was sitting on the floor next to him with a flustered expression. 
"Are you OK?", Damon asked, and she responded with a nod. 
Damon focused on Talia, but the only thing he could sense was arousal. It took him a moment to understand, "Did you feel my orgasm?" 
Talia's eyes widened. Did she? 
Damon grinned. "Our bond is getting stronger, kitten. I can feel your emotions, and you can feel mine." He leaned closer and kissed her shoulder. "I'm glad you know how good you make me feel." 
Before Talia could respond, Damon pushed her down with his body and hovered above her. 
"I don't know if I can wait until your wolf awakens fully before I mark you." Actually, he wanted to wait for his wolf to recuperate. The old guy was still sleeping, and Damon knew that he wouldn't want to miss the marking. 
Damon leaned closer and kissed the base of her neck, where his mark will come. "Will you wear my mark, kitten?" 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath. This was not the first time he asked her that question, but this time she knew he really meant it. 
"With pride.", she responded. 
Damon's heart swelled. Her consent meant the world to him. 
"I can't find words to express how happy I am right now. Close your eyes and feel my emotions, kitten. This is what you do to me." 
Damon smiled when he saw changes in Talia's expression, and he knew she felt his desire to ravish her body in every way possible. 
"You will see how good it feels with the sparks of our bond. I hope you had enough rest and food because I'm not letting you go until morning." 
With the corner of her eye, Talia saw scraps of red fabric flying to the side and she understood those used to be her garments. She didn't feel or hear any tearing, but she knew that she was completely naked and at some point, Damon removed his t-shirt. 
Damon's kisses and caresses came with a life-altering dose of sparks that made her soul hum in pleasure, and he was right… Everything was so much better with the sparks, but what also enhanced her pleasure was the knowledge that Damon was her mate, and they were two halves of a whole. Damon was her other half. 
"AHH!", a loud moan escaped her lips when Damon flicked her clit with his tongue and her whole body shivered because she nearly orgasmed the moment he touched her down there. 
"Don't suppress it, kitten…", Damon growled. "Let me hear you scream my name." 
His lips latched around her pleasure bud, and he sucked on it harshly, and Talia's eyes rolled at the back of her head as the ecstatic sparks jolted every cell in her body and she came apart within seconds. 
She thought that he will let her go or at least give her a breather, but Damon continued sucking and licking and he even pushed two fingers inside her and she struggled to get enough oxygen into her system. 
Her whole body shook violently as another wave of pleasure crashed on her, before the first one subsided, taking her to another level of high she never experienced before. 
"Da… Dam… Da…", Talia blabbered unintelligently between gasps for air while he assaulted her pleasure centers with mighty strokes of his tongue that moved in perfect sync with his fingers that thrusted inside her, and then her core tightened for a moment before she exploded into a mind-shattering orgasm. 
"AH! DAMON!" 
Damon hummed in satisfaction, finally slowing down, but still not letting her go completely because he enjoyed profusely her every ecstatic quiver and he lapped the juices her body released like they are the best delicacy he ever tasted. 
Damon crawled on top of Talia, and she blinked to focus her sight on his handsome face that grinned at her. 
"How was it?", Damon asked. 
"I thought you can feel my emotions.", Talia responded. 
"I can, but I want you to remember it." 
She could feel his erection prodding at her entrance down there and she bit her lower lip in anticipation of what's coming while holding onto his shoulders firmly. 
"Remember how that felt, kitten…", he murmured between kisses that he arranged on her neck. "Because what's coming is even better. After tonight, you will worship my cock, just how I'm worshiping your pussy." 
Her body was humming in the aftermath of her orgasm, and she was caught unprepared when that familiar push and stretch came with sparks that set her insides on fire. 
It was almost like her first time, with the difference that there was no pain. Only pleasure. 
Damon watched Talia's expression as her eyes lost focus, and he grinned victoriously before he jabbed himself inside fiercely for those last few inches. 
"Oh, God!", a breathless cry escaped her lips. 
"Not God, kitten.", Damon said and started rocking his hips. "This is me. Just me. And I am yours… Only yours... Forever..." 
Damon's every move tugged on Talia's soul as he murmured sweet words close to her ear, and Talia clawed his back in her desire to bring him closer because no matter how close they were, it was not close enough. 
With their bond strengthening, Damon and Talia could feel each other emotions that amplified the other, and they were lost in their lust and pursuit of carnal pleasures right there on the floor of the closet on the third floor of the packhouse. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 221 - Cassandra’s Prophecy
~ The Midnight Guardians pack ~ 
"Come in…", Axel called when he heard a knock on the door of his room, and he stood up to welcome the regal middle-aged woman who appeared when the door opened. 
"Mother. What brings you here?" 
Sophia Lightrider is Axel's mother and one of the two Alphas who are ruling the Midnight Guardians pack. The other Alpha is her mate, Axel's father, Isaac Lightrider. 
Sophia is focused on the internal affairs of the pack, while Isaac is dealing with external relationships, but other than this division of their focus, Sophia and Isaac are equals. 
Having two Alphas is not the only thing that is differentiating the Midnight Guardians pack from others. 
Their location and size are kept a secret from other packs and except for a few members who are authorized to venture into the outside world, other members of the Midnight Guardians pack stay within their borders. 
How can they maintain this uncertainty about their whereabouts? Only a handful of people know how to reach the Midnight Guardians pack, as everyone else is put to a sleep-like trance while they are being led through a maze of caverns and passages their ancestors left behind. The territory of the Midnight Guardians pack is like a separate dimension and there is ancient magic that casts illusions and unless one knows where and how to reach the entrance, they will pass by it without noticing anything. 
This contributed to various stories related to this pack, some more fantastic than the others, but no one can deny that this pack is concealing secrets. 
There are people who believe that they are self-isolating because they are outdated, and some believe they are hiding immense treasures, while others spread tales how members of the Midnight Guardians pack mixed their bloodline with witches and faes, and that they have fantastic powers. 
Well, there is no smoke without fire, so some of those rumors have specs of truth. 
Most of the members of the Midnight Guardians pack will find their mates within their pack, but the ones who don't are allowed to venture into the outside world. Once the mate is found, they will return to the pack and stay there. No one lives outside; this is one of the practices that contributed to the mystery surrounding this pack and whoever snooped around in search for the Midnight Guardians pack, disappeared without a trace. 
"Your father told me that you are leaving again.", Alpha Sophia said with a small frown of concern on her face while looking at her son. 
"Yes. Tomorrow. Kai and Tyler are coming with me." 
"Is your destination the Dark Howlers pack?" 
Axel exhaled helplessly. "Why are you asking if you know?" 
"I guess I am trying to see if you thought about the consequences of getting too close to outsiders." 
Axel puffed his cheeks. "Yes, mother. I know. But we can't stay isolated completely. Besides, Alpha Damon is different. Ask father. As long as we are not a threat to his pack, he won't bother with us." 
Sophia narrowed her eyes at Axel. "You are not going for Alpha Damon. It's that girl." 
"THAT girl is called Talia. I told you about her. Aren't you curious?", Axel asked and paused to give his mother time to respond, but seeing that she only pursed her lips, he knew that she doesn't approve. "She might be one of us, mother. She might be…" 
"Enough!", Sophia snapped. "If she is who you think she is, it's better to leave her there. Stay away from her and pretend you didn't notice her. She will find a man if she didn't already, and as long as he is not her mate, her powers will not awaken." 
Axel shook his head in disapproval. "I can't believe you." 
"You don't need to believe me, but I hope you will believe in Cassandra's prophecy." 
Axel pressed his lips into a line. The whole Midnight Guardians pack knows about the prophecy that Cassandra, the pack seer, made several decades ago. 
It was about a child of their pack that will be born on the night of a full moon with a destiny so great that even Selena, the Moon Goddess will be present and bless the child. 
What only a few people know is the second part of the prophecy that Axel discovered accidentally. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
A little background first... 
As the future Alpha of the Midnight Guardians, Axel was training and learning from his early teens. 
Before being allowed to venture into the world outside their pack, Axel got access to various confidential documents. 
There, among many records, Axel read a document describing a night when an epic storm came suddenly, bringing heavy clouds that covered the full moon, but when the cries of an infant girl filled the space, clouds parted and moon rays fell on the child, making it look like she was glowing in silvery light. The child's cries morphed into giggles and the clouds vanished faster than they came, revealing the moonless starry sky. 
Axel was not sure why this information was with the top-secret files of the pack. There were no names or dates mentioned and it looked like it came from one of the stories that elders are telling to children around bonfires. But then Axel found another handwriting on the back of the same paper which contained information about Cassandra's prophecy, revealing that the child gained not only Selena's blessings, but part of the Goddess's power as well, and whoever knows about her true nature will be consumed with greed and bring calamity. 
Naturally, Axel remembered the decades-old prophecy, and his interest was piqued. He went to his parents to see if his hunch was correct. Was that the same child? Is there more information? The expressions of his parents told him that he was not supposed to find out about it at all. 
"I am the future Alpha of this pack", Axel tried to reason with them. "I need to know what happened. Who is this child? Is she still in this pack?" 
"We don't know, and it's better to keep it like that…", his parents responded. "For everyone's safety." 
Axel was not sure if he should believe them. Both Isaac and Sophia are powerful Alphas, each with their own mystical powers. How can they not know where this child is? 
If this child got powers from the Moon Goddess, she might be vulnerable and potentially dangerous. 
Can she see the future, like their seer Cassandra, or move s at will, control the elements, fly, turn invisible, read minds, or explode things? Anything is possible. 
Actually, every member of the Midnight Guardians pack has a supernatural ability that awakens only after one finds his (or her) fated mate. 
In order to preserve their magical lineage, they are all sworn to celibacy until they find their fated mates because mates of choice won't awaken the mysterious abilities, and their offspring won't have it either. 
Old records also say that when one gives their first time to a non-mate, they will lose their chance to awaken their ability. No one is willing to give in to temptation and test this theory, as every member of the Midnight Guardians pack is proud of their lineage, and they want to preserve it, so they chose celibacy. 
This information is one of the most guarded secrets because if others find out about it, they will start catching stray members of the Midnight Guardians pack to use them for their benefit or to experiment on them. 
That's why only unmated members of the Midnight Guardians pack are allowed to go outside of the pack. If they are captured, they will be just like any other regular werewolves, and this includes Axel as well. 
Without his mate, Axel's powers are dormant, and he is not qualified to take over as the next Alpha. 
Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac both told Axel to give up on finding this person, but Axel was unable to let go of the hope that he will find her. 
Axel went to Cassandra to get more information, and she performed her ritual during which she told him two things among a bunch of gibberish. 
The first thing that Axel understood was that the person in question is not within the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack, and second, the Moon Goddess takes care of her children and gives them what they need. 
Cassandra's power is to see glimpses of the future, but her visions are often blurry and open to interpretation. 
Axel left Cassandra's house with more questions than answers. 
The information that the person is outside their territory only meant that his scope of search exploded exponentially, and it also confirmed that someone within the pack took the child away because outsiders can't come and go as they please. 
The second part of Cassandra's words related to the Moon Goddess were cryptic and not useful at all. But it also gave Axel hope that the mystery person is alive, and out there… somewhere. 
Axel had no idea how or where to search because he didn't know what's her name or how she looks like. 
When he saw Talia, Axel felt something. A small whisper in the back of his mind increased when he found out that Talia's background is uncertain, and he remembered the prophecy. Is she the one? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 222 - Too Many Thoughts
~ the Midnight Guardians pack ~ 
Axel looked at his mother. "Are you going to stop me from going there?" 
Sophia wanted to stop him, but she knew that if she stops him now, he will find a way to go there later. Axel's stubbornness is one of his main traits. 
"No.", she said. "I came only to confirm that you know what you are doing." 
"I am doing what I believe is right. I can't ignore my instincts without regretting it." Axel paused and looked at his mother deeply. "If Talia is the one from Cassandra's prophecy, she has no idea who she is. It was one thing when Talia was an unknown she-wolf, but now she is in a magazine, next to Alpha Damon and many eyes are on her. For some reason, Alpha Damon is protecting her, and I want to confirm his motives. Based on the documents, she came of age recently. If her powers awaken, she won't have anyone to guide her. Didn't you teach me that every pack member is precious, and no one gets left behind?" 
Sophia exhaled helplessly. "That ideal sounds wonderful, but sometimes an Alpha needs to make tough decisions because the reality is that we can't keep everyone safe. If people connect her with our pack everything we tried to protect for centuries will be for naught." 
"I won't implicate the pack and if things go wrong, I will bear the responsibility." 
"Be careful, Axel.", Sophia said sternly. "You say that you won't implicate our pack, but if something happens to you, our pack will suffer. Do you think that your father and I will stay idle if you are in danger?" 
Axel grinned. "No pressure, eh?" 
Axel knew that his parents are forced to look at the bigger picture, and he should do the same, but in this case, their interpretation of that big picture was different. 
As the future Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, it's his duty to take care of his pack members, especially the ones who are outside the pack. He didn't know if Talia is that missing child from the prophecy, but he was determined to investigate. 
After giving him the last few warnings, Sophia left Axel and went to join her mate in the study. 
Without a word, she stood in front of a closed window and gazed into the distance where the dense forest met the dark sky full of stars. 
"He is still going?", Alpha Isaac asked. 
It was obvious that Sophia was not in a good mood. 
Sophia nodded faintly before responding, "He is stubborn." 
"Like his mother." 
Sophia shot him a side-glance, but her lips curved into a faint smile. She liked when people noticed traces of her in Axel. 
A second later, Sophia let out a long sigh. "Do you think we made a mistake by giving the girl away?" 
"At that time, we did what we thought it's best for everyone.", Isaac said. 
"And now? Do you still think it's best?" 
Isaac stood up from his seat and in the next instant, he was behind Sophia, wrapping her in his embrace and pulling her to lean on his chest as his silvery after-image disappeared from behind his desk. 
Sophia always loved when Isaac used his teleportation to get close to her, but this time she didn't react, which told him she was really upset. 
"I think that there is no point in dwelling on what's already done.", Isaac said. "You heard Axel. Alpha Damon is protecting the girl and if Axel confirms that she is the one and has no powers, our plan worked. There is no way that she caught Alpha's attention and he didn't touch her." 
Sophia hummed in agreement and leaned into her mate's embrace. 
Over the years, while collaborating with other packs, Alpha Isaac kept his eyes and ears open, and no one mentioned any she-wolf with abnormalities. 
As the time passed, they believed that the child either perished or that maybe she found a man which made her lose the potential of awakening her powers, and also nullifying the part of the prophecy that included greed and calamity. 
Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac didn't want to give the child away, but if she grew up in the Midnight Guardians pack, even without knowing that she is the child from the prophecy, she would maintain her purity until she found her mate, just like every other pack member, and once her powers awaken, it will be impossible to keep her identity a secret. 
When they heard some Elders whispering about using the child to establish the Midnight Guardians pack as the ruler among all other packs, Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac decided. 
By letting her grow up in the outside world, Sophia and Isaac hoped that the child will become like any other she-wolf and that she will succumb to the licentious nature of their kind. In that way, no one will covet her powers and she will be able to live a normal life. 
And that man promised to take good care of her. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
~ The Dark Howlers pack ~ 
The packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack was never noisy, but that morning was particularly peaceful with only sounds being chirps of the birds from outside and two heartbeats that followed the same rhythm. 
Everything smelled of the forest and the dark chocolate, and the fresh breeze that was coming in through the open double door of the balcony brought in the faint scent of flowers from the garden. On top of all that, there was a lingering scent of arousal and bodily liquids that made Talia blush as scandalous mental images flashed in front of her closed eyes. 
Talia knew that warm body next to her was Damon, and she didn't mind the strong arms that shackled her to stick close to him. 
Last night started in the closet and at some point, the two of them moved to the bed where they spent the night that Talia could describe with one word, magical. 
Talia counted Damon's slow and even breaths before looking up to see that Damon's eyes were closed. Was he still sleeping? That was rare because Damon would always wake up before her. 
Talia took this opportunity to silently admire his chiseled features. Strong jaw, straight nose, kissable full lips… actually, every part of him was kissable. And lickable. 
Damon's expression was relaxed and there was a hint of a content smile like he was dreaming something pleasant. 
Talia's sight drifted lower and paused at Damon's Adam's apple before it continued over his pecs and the majestic landscape of his abs. 
How can a man be so handsome? And this was not just any man. This was Damon Blake, Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, Alpha who can be scary and powerful and domineering and gentle and caring… and he was her mate. Unbelievable. She was never this happy. 
Talia's only fear was that this was a dream or a figment of her imagination and that she will wake up to a reality where she was still stuck in the attic of the Red Moon pack. 
She let out a long breath. If this was a dream, she didn't want to wake up. Ever. 
Talia hugged Damon and stuck to him as close as she could, hoping that they will merge into one and never separate. 
Yes, they merged last night many times, and Damon was right, it was several folds better with the sparks, to the point that Talia thought she might pass out while she repeatedly fell apart and came together with pieces of Damon embedded into her soul as her new normal, but she needed more of Damon. Will it ever be enough? 
Talia's neck still didn't have Damon's mark and Talia was anxious about it. She knew that he wanted to mark her, but she could also feel his restraint every time his fangs grazed her neck. 
Will it hurt? What if people target her? 
Damon's mark will be an invitation for various people to come at her, from Damon's wannabe brides to Damon's enemies. 
What if she bumps into another group of rogues? And what if this second group is actually looking for her? 
For the first time, Talia wished strength, so that she can defend herself. She didn't want to allow Damon to end up in danger again because she is weak. 
"That's too many thoughts for this early in the morning, kitten…", Damon murmured in a deep drowsy voice. He chuckled when she looked up at him with her honeyed eyes full of unspoken questions. 
"I can feel your emotions. They are all over the place." 
Talia's expression flashed with the realization that Damon can see through her, even when he is not looking at her. 
"Were you able to feel my emotions from the beginning?", she asked. 
Damon thought for a moment before responding, "I'm not sure when it started. It was very faint at first and I would often wonder what's going on, but as our bond strengthened I realized that those are your emotions." 
Before Talia could say anything else, Damon turned sideways and hugged her tightly, pressing her against his body. "If you have this much energy to think, maybe I didn't tire you out enough last night. Hm?" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 223 - Difficulties In Getting Out Of Bed [Bonus ]
Talia was not sure how to respond to Damon's scandalous remarks which insinuated that they should indulge in carnal pleasures, and his erection pressing on her stomach made her flustered, so she buried her face in his chest and decided to stay silent. 
"Hmm…", a low hum of approval sounded from the back of his throat. "That's better. Arousal. I like it." 
"Can you stop talking?", Talia squeaked. 
Yes, she was aroused because they were both naked in bed and the sparks flared wherever they touched, but him calling her out like that was embarrassing. 
"OK. I will stop talking to you.", Damon said and slid lower until his face was in line with her breasts. He kissed each of them slowly, licking and sucking while enjoying Talia's moans and her fisting his hair, and he stopped when both of her nipples stood taut in attention. 
"Good morning, my darlings. How are you today?" 
It took Talia a moment to realize that he was talking to her breasts, and she burst into giggles. "What are you doing?" 
"I'm saying 'hi' to my two out of three new best friends.", Damon responded matter-of-factly. "Since you don't want to talk to me, I have options." 
Talia was not sure if she should laugh or cry. The playful Damon was here, and she didn't know how to handle him. But one thing stood out. "Two out of three?" 
His smug expression told her that she fell into a trap. He was waiting for this. 
"The third one is also eager for her good morning greetings", Damon said and swiftly moved lower, placing himself between Talia's legs with his face only a few inches above her intimate bush. "Hello, my dear. Did you miss me?" 
Talia's mouth was open in a silent scream when he latched his mouth around her clit and started sucking without any warning and ecstatic quivers shook her body as colors exploded in front of her closed eyes. It was a good morning. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Sometime later… 
Damon shuddered in his release as he shot his seed deep inside Talia who clawed his back while cursing profanities mixed in with his name… beautiful music to Damon's ears. 
Their ragged breathing was oddly in sync. 
Damon was supporting his weight on his elbows, his body lightly pressing on Talia's, allowing for those addictive sparks to course through both of them. 
That was their third time making love that morning, and as much as they were sated every time, it took them only a minute to crave for more of each other. 
Talia blinked her eyes in focus to see Damon's handsome face hovering above hers. 
His skin was glistening from sweat and several unruly strands stuck to his forehead, but what got her attention were Damon's icy-blue eyes that smiled at her. 
Even without prying into his emotions, Talia knew that he was happy, and she was happy as well. 
"I could do this all day, kitten…", Damon murmured into her lips before giving her a long slow kiss that made her toes curl. "Actually, I want to spend the rest of my life inside you. Just. Like. This." 
"It's almost time for breakfast.", Talia said. "And there is a lot of work." 
"We can eat here, and Caden and Maya can handle work.", Damon was quick to find a solution. 
"Tony and Kalina will arrive today", Talia reminded him. Others will trickle in later in the evening and tomorrow morning, but Tony and Kalina are set to arrive first with their group in the afternoon. 
Damon frowned a bit. "Caden and Maya can handle them." 
Talia stifled a laugh and put her palm on his cheek. "When we are done with guests, let's go on that vacation. Just the two of us." 
Damon approved. "Alright." 
He already had a spot in his mind. A secluded cabin in the forest, with a lake nearby, and it's not far, just how Talia specified. As a big bonus, he owns it so there won't be any scheduling issues, and they can stay as long as they want. If Damon can pick, they would stay there forever, just the two of them. 
Damon glanced at the bedside clock and Talia could guess that he was thinking if they have time for another round of lovemaking. 
"We need to get ready.", Talia said shyly. "Can you…" She glanced down where their bodies connected. He was still inside her. 
Damon smirked and Talia's eyes widened when she felt his erection moving inside her even though his hips stayed in place. She didn't know that he can make his cock twitch just like that. 
"Are you sure you want to get ready?", Damon asked in a husky voice and his heated gaze told her he wanted more of her. It was never enough. 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath. Of course, she didn't want to get ready, but… "We can't spend the whole day in bed." Not today, at least. 
Damon pouted even though he knew she was right. He was the Alpha of the largest pack in North America, and as much as he enjoyed his time with Talia, he couldn't neglect his duties. 
Reluctantly, Damon moved to lay on the bed next to Talia. 
When he pulled out, Talia felt empty and she really wanted him to get back in there, but she suppressed those urges. 
Talia thought that Damon will get out of the bed, but he ended up spooning her from behind. 
"Let me hold you like this for a minute, kitten", he spoke into her hair and Talia responded with a nod. Her Alpha wanted to cuddle and she would never deny him that. 
Talia attempted to relax, but how can she relax when his erection was poking her behind? 
Damon took a deep breath and focused on the heavenly sensation of Talia's body pressing against his, and on the delicious sparks that came with that contact. 
Last night and that morning were proof he will never get enough of Talia. Every time was better than the previous one. She was the best thing that ever happened to him, and he decided to never let her out of his visual range. In that way, he will protect her from rogues and any women who have silly ideas and that reminded him… 
"I spoke to Lisa last night." 
Talia was alerted. "You did?" 
Damon kissed the back of Talia's head. "If anyone is giving you hard time, I want to know about it. Why didn't you tell me?" 
Talia turned to face him. "Lisa was not giving me a hard time." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "And why did you go into the forest yesterday?" 
"She is just hurt because Tony…" 
"And that doesn't give her the right to hurt you or anyone else.", Damon interrupted Talia sternly. Seeing Talia's expression dropping, Damon rubbed her back gently and softened his voice. "I'm not blaming you. I only wish that you rely on me. Now you know that we are mates. Allow me to protect you. For the last decade, I am fighting for this pack, but that doesn't mean a damn thing if I can't protect you." 
Talia looked at Damon as guilt swelled inside her. 
"I know that Lisa's words were not directed at me. She was just projecting her anger.", Talia said in her defense. "Yes, I should have told you, and yes, I was supposed to say something back to her and not allow her to vent on me, but she was only talking, and I didn't want to make things awkward because this is her home." 
"Wrong. This is your home, kitten. Lisa only lives here and if she can't follow the rules, we will make different arrangements for her." 
Different arrangements included things like Lisa moving to a different house, an apartment, or a dungeon, and it didn't exclude the possibility of kicking Lisa out of the pack which Damon will do without flinching if Lisa doesn't get off Talia's case. 
Damon already gave Lisa a verbal warning which is more than he did for any other offender. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 224 - Additional Guests
Talia loved that Damon spoke like she belongs here, but Talia didn't want Lisa to be kicked out from the packhouse where she grew up. Even if they disregard Lisa, what about Stephanie? 
"Lisa is just hurt, and her energy is misdirected. If she finds something to keep her mind busy until she meets her mate, I'm sure that Lisa will forget about Tony and turn into the cheery girl everyone remembers." 
Damon's heart swelled at Talia's benevolence. She is an amazing Luna without trying. 
"I know you mean well, but you can't force people to accept your help against their will.", Damon said. "Stephanie is talking to Lisa since the news about Tony finding his mate started spreading. I spoke to Lisa, and as of last night… I don't think it's working." 
Damon was not blind. He could see that his words went over Lisa's head and that her defiance only grew. He left with the hope that Lisa understood Talia is not someone Lisa can touch because messing with Talia means provoking Damon. There was also the possibility that Stephanie will handle her daughter because if Damon does it, no one will like the outcome. 
Regardless of how Lisa ends up, Damon wanted to assure Talia that he's got her back. "I won't ask you to retaliate against Lisa, but I don't want you to stay passive either. You are Talia Blake, the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, my mate, and you are no one's punching bag." 
Talia's lips lifted into a smile that reached her eyes. Damon's emotions reinforced his words and Talia never felt so accepted. He really was her home and by his side, she felt a sense of belonging. 
Talia inched closer and pecked his lips once, twice… and then her arms snaked around his neck, and she started grinding herself against his erection. 
"What about getting ready? Breakfast?", Damon asked between kisses while his hands already roamed over her naked form. 
Talia looked at him with eyes that were clouding with lust. "Let's make it quick." 
Damon grinned and pounced on Talia like they didn't make love three times already since waking up and it was not even eight o'clock in the morning. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Later that morning… 
Damon and Talia were in the study, both busy with their respective tasks when Talia's phone rang. 
Talia's eyes lit up when she saw the caller's ID. "It's Kalina. I will take it outside." 
Damon wanted to tell Talia to stay in his visual range, but she was already in the hallway, and he heard her say, "Hi Lina, give me a minute to reach a spot from where we can talk. I don't want to disturb Damon…" 
With a few strokes on Damon's keyboard, the monitor on his desk showed the video feed from a security camera, and he could see Talia entering the living room. 
He didn't want to spy on Talia, but he needed to confirm that she was safe. His previous experiences confirmed that whenever Talia was not in his sight, she ended up in some kind of trouble. 
Damon gazed at the video feed that came without a sound, and he smiled helplessly while remembering how from the day they met, Talia was often in some kind of predicament. She bumped her head into the fridge when he startled her, and then she fell off the bed, fell asleep in the forest, ah… all of those were sweet memories, and Damon was looking forward to making many more. Hopefully, without any men sticking to her. 
In the living room… 
Talia made herself comfortable on the sofa before asking Kalina, "Do you have some last-minute instructions for me? Should the pillows be double-fluffed? Or do you want me to crank up the AC?" 
Based on Talia's calculations, Tony and Kalina should be on their way if they were driving, unless they were coming with a plane. 
"Sorry, Lia, but we might need to postpone our plans for a few days." 
Talia's playful mood disappeared in an instant. "Eh? What happened?" 
"My sister is coming for a visit. She got a break in her schedule and said that she wants to see me and meet Tony. It was sudden and she will arrive today and stay no longer than three days. Tony said that he will stay a bit to meet her and then he will resume with his schedule. The moment my sister leaves, I will head to the Dark Howlers pack." 
Talia didn't think that is a problem. Kalina's sister means one extra bedroom, and it can be ready within an hour. "Bring her with you." 
"Really? Is that OK?" 
"Sure. I will give you time to bond, don't worry. The guys have their schedule, and we will do something fun. Instead of three of us, it will be four of us." Maya said that she will join if she can, and knowing that Maya is always busy, Talia didn't count much on her. 
"About that…", Kalina said and paused. "Luna Alicia insists that I bring some Omegas with me, and I still didn't figure out how to shake them off." 
Talia couldn't believe this. "Are you making things up so that you don't come here?" 
"No, no.", Kalina was quick to say. "You know that I'm looking forward to this. Luna Alicia was hinting that I should bring someone to serve me, but I brushed it off, thinking that it's just a suggestion. I don't need anyone to serve me. I survived on my own so far just fine. But then today over breakfast she asked me if I picked Omegas who will accompany me or if she should pick for me." Kalina huffed in frustration. "This is not about serving me, but about having someone keep an eye on me so that they can report to Luna Alicia and Alpha Magnus…" 
Talia listened to her friend's grievances, and she wondered how to help her. These were Kalina's family affairs and Talia already knew that Kalina is struggling to feel comfortable in the Lightclaw pack and that Tony's parents are overbearing. 
It didn't sound like Kalina will postpone her visit because of Omegas, but she was not happy that she will be monitored. Who would be? 
Talia got an idea. "If you don't know which Omegas to accompany you, I have a suggestion." 
"You do?" 
"When I was there, two Omegas helped me get ready. They were professional and if you take them, it shouldn't be a problem. No matter what Luna Alicia has on her mind, we can find something to keep them occupied. Ivy and Lily…" 
… 
Talia returned to the study, satisfied with the outcome. 
She sat in her chair, in front of the laptop that had on its screen paused the educational video, and thought about her conversation with Kalina. 
"Did something good happen?", Damon asked when he saw Talia's smile. 
Talia was not sure if that was good or not, but… "Tony's and Kalina's party increased by three. Kalina's sister will join them and two Omegas. That's not a problem, is it?" Talia ended with a question, even though she knew the answer. 
"No. It's not a problem.", Damon confirmed. 
Talia bobbed her head happily. "Omegas will stay in the common building. I will get Dawn and Zina to help them settle and they can be extra hands in the kitchen while Tony and Kalina are here." 
Talia thought how this will work. In this way, those two Omegas will be nearby, but they won't breathe down Kalina's neck. Actually, Talia had a good impression of Ivy and Lily and she was confident that they won't make things awkward for Kalina. If Dawn and Zina are OK with entertaining two visiting Omegas, that would be perfect. 
But before figuring out fun activities for Lily and Ivy... "We need another guestroom prepared on the second floor for Kalina's sister. I will talk to Steph about it." Stephanie is in charge of Omegas who are working in the packhouse, so it was normal for Talia to think about Stephanie. 
"Steph is busy.", Damon said. "Maya can help you with arrangements for Omegas and ask Rose to set up an additional guestroom." 
Talia felt a pang of dejection when Damon said that Stephanie is busy, and she guessed that it came from Damon. "Is everything OK with Steph?" 
"It's fine.", Damon assured her before adding, "Steph and Lisa are settling in their new place." 
Talia needed a moment to understand the meaning behind Damon's words. "They moved out of the packhouse?" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 225 - Talk About Superpowers
Seeing Talia's strange expression, Damon was quick to explain, "It was Steph's decision to move out of the packhouse. I don't know the details other than they moved earlier this morning. Maya assigned them a two-bedroom apartment in the common building where Omegas are staying, and a few warriors came to help them move their stuff in one go. Steph will still be in charge of the kitchen and perform her duties in the packhouse, as usual, but she asked for some time off so that they can settle in their new place. She will be back in time to prepare dinner. It's for the best, considering that Kalina is coming." 
Talia knew that it was a good idea for Lisa to stay away from Kalina. If Lisa could say all those nasty things to Talia, who knows what she would say to Kalina? And there was a chance that Lisa would stir trouble with Tony. 
Of course, sleeping in a different building didn't mean that Lisa won't approach them when she gets a chance. After all, there are many public areas and the packhouse itself is open to all pack members. But it meant that Lisa won't bump into Tony and Kalina accidentally, and Talia hoped that Lisa will have enough presence of mind not to stir trouble on purpose. 
Talia was sad that Stephanie moved away. 
"Are you feeling sorry for Lisa or for Steph?", Damon's voice came close from behind Talia, startling her from her thoughts. She didn't notice when he approached her. 
"Both.", Talia responded. 
Damon turned Talia's chair to face him, and he squatted so that they are on the same eye level. He knew that Talia is kindhearted, and he loved that part of her, but he didn't want her to be upset because of others. 
Damon's goal in life was to make Talia happy, and how can he do that when random people are popping from all sides and troubling her? 
"Don't feel sorry for them.", Damon said, unable to control his irritation. "Lisa can't let go of her imaginary throne and face the reality, and that's her problem. As for Steph, if she disciplined Lisa in time, they wouldn't be facing this issue now." 
"I'm sure that Steph only thought about doing what's best for Lisa." 
"Don't we all do what we believe it's best? We need to bear the consequences of our actions, regardless of how things end up." 
Talia could feel the weight behind Damon's words. 
As an Alpha, without his parents to guide him, Damon definitely made numerous decisions for himself and for the pack. Her heart ached at the thought that he was on his own during all that, and Talia knew what loneliness is. Yes, Damon had Stephanie, and Caden, and Maya, but at the end of the day, Damon was the one who faced the burn of his choices. 
Talia slipped off her chair, pushing Damon to sit on the floor before she sat on his thighs and wrapped her arms around him. 
"It's OK, Damon", Talia said while looking into his eyes lovingly. "I am here now, and we will do everything together." 
Damon exhaled helplessly. How did this end up with Talia comforting him? But he had no intention of refuting her. There was only one thing he wanted to confirm. "Promise that you won't leave me, kitten." 
"My words are still valid. As long as you treat me well, I will be by your side." Talia was painfully aware that those words were not completely true because with every moment they spent together she was falling for him more, and the mate bond only made things more difficult. Would she be able to leave him if he mistreats her? She was not sure, but she knew one thing… "I don't have strength or speed, and I have no confidence that my wolf will ever awaken, but I will do my best to support you." 
Talia mentioning her lack of strength and speed reminded him. "Kitten, how much do you remember from what happened in the forest with rogues?" 
Talia was not willing to talk about her encounter with rogues in the forest. 
That incident reminded her that she acted without thinking while disregarding Damon's warnings, and as an outcome, Damon got hurt. She remembered how powerless she was when facing four guys with bad intentions. But Damon insisted, so Talia told him how she went into the forest and thought how they were patrol team from the Dark Howlers pack, and by the time she realized that something was wrong, they noticed her. 
Damon listened to her every word attentively, especially the part when she spoke about his wolf appearing like a majestic savior, and he felt her anguish when she talked about the knife in his abdomen and gunshots. 
"And what happened after that?", Damon urged her to continue. 
"I'm not sure. I was petrified. They were shooting at you, and there was so much blood… I feared that I will lose you. If anything happened to you because of my stupidity, I would never forgive myself. I caused that mess, and I couldn't do a thing to stop it. I'm so sorry." 
"There is nothing for you to feel sorry about.", Damon said gently. "Are you sure you didn't do anything to stop them?" 
Talia's brows came together. "What do you mean?" 
"I was losing blood and the wolfsbane was clouding my mind, but I'm quite confident I saw you moving like a lightning and in the next moment, two rogues flew backward like some invisible force propelled them backward violently." 
Talia observed Damon intently, waiting for him to say more, and when he didn't, she realized… "You are saying, I did that?" 
Damon nodded. "And not only that. When I reached the pack hospital, I had two stab wounds and three bullet wounds, all laced with wolfsbane. It all healed within hours, and I don't have a single scar. Your injuries healed also. Travis confirmed that both of us were in a sorry state when we arrived in the pack hospital, and after spending some time alone in the room, both of us were in perfect shape. My wolf said that you healed us, and I believe he was talking about more than just our mate bond." 
Talia looked at Damon blankly and it took her some time to respond. "You are saying that I moved faster than normal, flung two grown-up werewolves, and I healed both of us?" 
Damon let out a long breath. "I know it sounds crazy, but… It was just two of us, and I'm quite confident it was not me. I fought many times and if I have any superpowers, I would know about it." 
Damon looked at Talia's confused expression and wondered if he spoke too soon about this. His plan was to discuss this with his wolf first and possibly get more information from the old guy, but he still ended up blurting it out. 
"Let's not overthink it.", Damon tried to sound casual. "As I said, I was in a bad shape, and maybe I was seeing things. But just in case, pay attention to your body and if something strange happens around you. We will start from there." 
Talia was anxious. "If something is wrong with me, shouldn't we talk to Doctor Travis or with the shaman Gideon?" 
"No.", Damon was quick to reject the idea. "The more people know about this, the more we will be in danger. But no matter what, I want you to know that there is nothing wrong with you, kitten. Actually, I know that you are special." 
"But… what if someone else has answers we are looking for?", Talia persisted. 
"Let's keep this between us until we figure out what's going on. My wolf should be fine in a day or two, and maybe he can give us some answers." 
Damon tightened his hold on her. "You are an amazing woman, and we will know the extent of your abilities when your wolf awakens. I hope you know that you can always rely on me." 
Talia leaned into Damon's embrace, and she allowed his confidence to wash over her and dispel the anxiety that threatened to overtake her senses. 
The more Talia thought about superpowers, the more she liked it. 
"I hope you are right.", Talia said with sparkles in her eyes. "If I can really move quickly and have all those powers, I can keep you safe. Maybe I can learn to use them at will, so next time I will protect myself and you." 
Damon chuckled and shook his head. "Silly kitten. I should be the one to keep you safe." 
"How about we keep each other safe?" 
Damon hummed in approval and inched closer to kiss her lips once, twice… his kisses were slow and full of longing and even though Talia felt his erection poking her bottom, his hands were firmly planted around her back and Talia could sense his need to confirm that she was in his arms and that she was not going anywhere. 
Talia hugged him with all her might and responded to his kisses while immersing herself in Damon's presence that came with his solid embrace and her favorite scent of the forest as his addictive flavor of the dark chocolate seeped into her system. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 226 - The Honeymoon Phase
When Caden and Maya arrived in the study, they found Damon and Talia sitting on the floor, with their arms around each other and their lips connected as they exchanged light kisses. The two of them were obviously in their lovey-dovey bubble and didn't notice two newcomers. 
"Should we come later?" 
Caden's question got Damon's and Talia's attention and Talia scrambled up on her feet. 
Talia's face was on fire, and she quickly turned away from the door while pretending to smoothen out the non-existing creases on her shirt. 
Damon wanted to tell them that they should come later, but he knew that no matter when Caden and Maya came, they would interrupt them. 
"This is fine", Damon responded while standing up. "I want to double-check the training plans for Tony and his men, and Talia needs Maya." 
"How about lunch in one of the fine restaurants Darkbourne has to offer?", Maya suggested. "With Steph being away, our options are to eat out or make something ourselves." 
"I don't mind preparing sandwiches for everyone.", Talia volunteered. With her limited experience in the kitchen, Talia was not confident in cooking something on her own, but sandwiches shouldn't be a problem. When she saw Maya's sour look, Talia explained, "We are all busy with last-minute preparations before guests arrive. I will make food and save time for everyone." 
Maya was looking forward to lunch in the restaurant with Caden. Damon and Talia would be a bonus company if they want to join. Considering that most of the time they eat in the packhouse, and for lunch they grab something quick, eating in a restaurant leisurely would be novel. 
But Maya knew that Talia had a valid point, so she gave up on the restaurant idea. "How can I allow my future Luna to work in the kitchen and prepare food for me? I will help you. It will be done faster." 
Talia blinked. It took her a moment to remember that Maya and Caden know about her and Damon being mates. "I didn't know that being Luna impacts what I can do. My hands are still capable of cutting bread and toasting it." 
Damon chuckled and moved to give Talia a light kiss on the lips that were swollen from all the previous kissing. 
"And that's why you will be an amazing Luna.", Damon said and kissed her again before moving away with, "Let's deal with pressing matters first. As soon as we finish, we can relax." Damon beckoned Caden to come to his desk. 
Maya approached Talia who went down to their business by explaining that there will be three extra guests, one for the packhouse, and two for the common building where Omegas are staying. 
Maya quickly reached out to Rose with mind-link, instructing her to get another bedroom ready as soon as possible, and then they focused on settling down two Omegas. 
"It would be good if Ivy and Lily can be close to where Dawn and Zina are. And as far away as possible from Lisa." Talia didn't want to take any risks. 
If Lisa recognizes Ivy and Lily, who knows what might happen? 
Maya thought for a moment before responding. "I think we can do that. But there are several buildings for Omegas and I'm not sure where Dawn and Zina are staying. I should get my laptop to pull out the list of tenants per each building." 
"That should be recorded somewhere, right?", Talia asked. "We can access from my laptop." 
Maya leaned over Talia and on Talia's laptop navigated to some file shares. "I don't think you have permission to see those. Alpha Damon needs to give you access." 
"Remind me to do that later.", Damon said from his desk. "I'm going with Caden to check the additions to the training grounds, and we will be back in half an hour, tops. Until then, you can use my computer." 
"Are you sure that's fine?", Talia asked Damon. She was nervous about using his computer. What if she messes up something? 
"Of course, it's fine.", Damon assured her. "Nothing is off-limits for you, kitten." 
Talia's eyes widened in shock. Did he just call her, kitten, in front of Maya and Caden? Ah! He did! 
Luckily, Maya and Caden didn't react. Being lovey-dovey in private was one thing, but in front of others, it was overwhelming, and Talia hoped that Damon won't initiate public displays of affection when guests are present. 
Damon gave Talia a few quick kisses before walking out of the study with Caden. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Relax and enjoy this honeymoon phase, Talia.", Maya said with a big smile on her face when it was just the two of them in the study. 
Honeymoon phase? "Are you saying this will be over?" 
"I don't know how long this will last, but eventually, the honeymoon phase will pass." 
Talia had to ask, "And what happens when it's over?" 
Maya's lips lifted into a wicked smile. "Then it's the marriage phase. Baby-making. Considering that Damon is an Alpha, his urge to extend his bloodline will be in overdrive and you probably won't come out of bed until you confirm pregnancy." 
Maya burst into a fit of laughter when she saw Talia's expression. It was comical. 
Talia was hoping that Maya was joking. Did she insinuate that Damon's libido will increase? Can she handle more than what he is giving her now? 
Talia pressed her legs together. Why was her body heating up? This would be bad timing to get aroused! 
"Stop teasing me!", Talia snapped. "Let's deal with accommodations for guests and then we can make sandwiches. Damon said they will be back in half an hour, and that will pass in no time." 
Maya and Talia settled in front of Damon's computer, and Maya navigated to the share where files about the housing situation are. 
"Maya?", Talia called. "Do you think it's fine for Steph to move away?" 
Maya's movements halted and she wondered how much Damon told Talia. Maya didn't want to blurt out unnecessary information, so she kept her answer generic. "Steph did what she thought was the best solution for the given situation. Lisa is difficult. Steph didn't want to risk things escalating if Lisa flares in front of our guests." Or if she goes after Talia again. 
Talia's brows furrowed in concern. "I fear that Steph will hate me. She lived here for a long time and now…" 
"Don't worry about it.", Maya interrupted Talia. "Steph was an Omega before she found her mate. Caden told me that after Steph got marked, the Beta gene didn't transfer on her which made Steph stronger than an Omega, but not strong enough to get a rank. Yes, she lived in the packhouse, but only in order to accompany her mate. After Damon's parents perished, together with Steph's mate, she stayed here to help Damon in managing the packhouse. Steph told me more than once that she looks forward to the moment when Damon finds his Luna and Steph can hand over packhouse duties." 
"But Steph doesn't know that Damon and I are… mates.", Talia said this last word with difficulty. It was strange to say it aloud. 
"She doesn't need to know you are mates.", Maya said with amusement in her voice. "It's enough to see that you are reliable and that Alpha Damon trusts you. Now, stop overthinking because eventually, Lisa will get over it, guests will leave, and if Steph wants, I'm sure she can return to the packhouse. This situation is not necessarily permanent. Let's look at the accommodations before we go and whip up some tasty sandwiches for our boys." 
Talia knew that Maya was right, but she still felt guilty. How can she look Stephanie in the eyes? Damon and Maya made it sound like Stephanie and Lisa moved because Tony and Kalina are visiting, and it's not like that's false, but Talia also knew that another factor was the friction between her and Lisa. 
Talia forced herself to focus on the files that Maya was opening. There were floorplans with information on the rooms, square footage, amenities, and who is occupying the space. It was very detailed and in no time they picked a two-bedroom apartment that was on one floor below Dawn's and Zina's apartments. Luckily, that was in a separate building from where Stephanie and Lisa are living. 
Maya's eyes lost focus as she instructed someone to tidy up that apartment so that it's ready for the guests. 
"You maintain this?", Talia asked to what Maya smiled smugly. 
"For now.", Maya responded. "As a Luna, you will take over these. I will help you until you find your assistants." 
Panic swelled within Talia. "Won't you assist me?" Somehow, Talia imagined that Maya will be by her side. Maya is smart, confident, and knowledgeable about everything, and if Talia needs to do any of Maya's duties, she will definitely mess up big time. 
Maya was not sure how to answer this. "I will assist you, but I would like to shrink my duties so that I can focus more on Caden. We were thinking about starting a family, but there was never the right time for it because we are both very busy." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 227 - Folder With Evidence
Talia was silent, so Maya continued her explanation. 
"Normally a council of Elders would handle most of the pack management. And in the pack as large as this one, Alpha would have his Beta and Gamma and other people who are in charge of specific matters, while Luna will have her helpers. As the future Luna, you should surround yourself with people you trust because they will know not only about the pack but about you as well. In case you are not available, someone will act in your place. It will be better if that is a person you picked than someone random who is power-hungry and potentially dangerous to you, Alpha, and the pack." 
Talia thought how that made sense. Since she started working by Damon's side, Talia got to know some details about other packs, and she knew that many Alphas and Lunas have dozens of people who are close to them and help with managing their packs. 
She personally saw how in the Red Moon pack, Alpha Edward had many people dealing with various aspects of the pack, even though only Beta was allowed to reside in the packhouse. 
Talia didn't know the details, but she was aware that in the Red Moon pack there are three commanders who are above Generals, and as someone who values military strength, those commanders have their own villas as a sign of status and they report to Alpha Edward directly. 
Talia knew that she will become Luna and she should have assistants, but who could that be? 
Talia had only a few people who are close to her, and all of them she met in the last few weeks. Mindy and Kalina definitely can't take the roles as Talia's helpers, so she thought that Maya and Stephanie will be there, but it seemed that they won't be available either. 
There was also Olivia, but Talia didn't see her in two years and Olivia went to live with her mate so… she is not a candidate. 
Seeing Talia's dejected expression, Maya patted her hand. "Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere, and I will help you until you find someone else." 
Talia puffed her cheeks. "It sounds overwhelming." 
"It's a lot of work, but if you break it into pieces and tackle one thing at a time, it's manageable. Normally, Alpha will take care of security and warriors, while Luna will handle things related to the packhouse and pack members." 
"Like housing.", Talia said. 
"Like housing.", Maya repeated in confirmation. "Regardless of how other packs divide work, you will do whatever works for you. Every pack is different, and so is every Alpha and Luna pair. I'm sure that Alpha Damon will talk about all that as you get closer to your Luna ceremony." 
Talia responded with a stiff smile while screaming internally. Luna ceremony. WAAAH! 
Stress was eating her up from the inside already, but Talia took a deep breath and told herself to take this one thing at a time. Guests are coming, and she will deal with that first, and leave everything else for later because if she starts thinking about those things now, her brain will implode. 
"Are you OK?" 
Maya asked and Talia realized that her fa?ade cracked. She probably looked horrible. 
Unsure how to answer, Talia's attention was drawn toward the computer screen that showed various folders. 
In order to divert the topic, Talia pointed at one folder. "What is this?" 
Maya's eyebrows came together. It was the folder named, 'Evidence'. 
Before Maya responded, Talia double-clicked to open and see contents. 
It was Talia's turn for her eyebrows to come together when she saw numerous folders, each labeled by a female name. 
Abbie-SWP. Adalyn-APP. Alison-KP. Amanda-MP. Amanda-RTP. Amber-HLP... 
The list of names seemed endless. 
Maya wondered if she should stop Talia from scrolling further, but Damon clearly said that nothing is off-limits for Talia, so Maya let it be. 
Talia paused briefly when she saw a folder named, Cassie-SBP, but then she continued until saw a folder named, Marcy-RMP. 
That name gave Talia goosebumps, and if Cassie-SBP coincided with 'Cassie – the SteelBite pack', the Marcy-RMP was definitely reminding Talia of, 'Marcy – the Red Moon Pack'. 
Talia clicked to open the folder and other than a few text files and emails, there was a video file with a timestamp only a few weeks old. Was that video taken when Damon visited the Red Moon pack? 
Talia never paid attention to dates. Every day was like any other. However, she knew the date when she visited Doctor Travis the first time because it was on the after-visit summary he gave her, and based on that, Talia calculated that the video was taken on the second day of Damon's visit to the Red Moon pack. 
Driven by her curiosity, Talia opened the video file and her eyes widened in disbelief when she saw a naked female standing straight while kicking her panties away. Marcy. 
"What are you doing?", Marcy asked the person who was recording her. 
"Memories of our first time, baby. Turn around. Let me see you…" 
Talia's stomach dropped when she recognized the voice. Damon. 
And what stung even more were words, 'turn around, let me see you'. 
That was not the first time Talia heard them. Damon used the same words the previous night when he saw Talia wearing sexy lingerie in the closet. 
Talia wanted to stop the video because her soul screamed in agony, but she just sat there frozen. 
Talia's vision blurred from tears when she heard Damon's voice, "Spread your legs. More. Good. Perk up that ass…" 
Anger and anguish clenched Talia's fragile heart, and she didn't realize at what point her insides started burning. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Caden and Damon were on their way to the training ground. 
They were walking because their destination was only a few minutes away from the packhouse through the forest, and they won't save any time if they use the car. 
"It seems things between you and Talia are fine now.", Caden voiced his observation. 
"Definitely!", Damon exclaimed with glee. "I feared her reaction when she finds out we are mates, but she took it better than I expected." 
"Did you talk about the Luna ceremony?" 
Damon shook his head. "Not yet. She asked for time, but I have a feeling that in a few days we will talk about it…" 
Damon wondered if he should get Talia a ring. He read online how that's a symbol of commitment. Werewolves don't wear rings or bracelets because they come off or break when they shift, but Talia doesn't have a wolf so she can't shift. When Talia's wolf awakens, she can wear the ring around her neck, on a necklace that Damon is yet to purchase. It will be perfect. 
At the same time, Caden's and Damon's steps halted, and they frowned. 
Damon could feel the ache and he knew it came from Talia. 
Pain. Grief. Embarrassment. Rage. 
In an instant, Damon was livid. Was Lisa causing trouble again? But… didn't he leave Talia with Maya? 
Damon looked at Caden only to see the latter clutching his chest and paling like he can't breathe. 
'What's going on!?', Damon asked through the mind-link that was open for Maya and Caden, while rushing back to the packhouse. 
'You should probably stay away for now.', Maya responded in a strained voice. She was on the verge of losing her consciousness because Talia's aura was suffocating her, and Maya didn't have the strength to increase the distance between her and Talia. 
The hell Damon will stay away when he could clearly feel that Talia was on the verge of a mental breakdown. 
'Where are you!?', Damon roared into the mind-link. 
'Study.', Maya responded before adding with difficulty, 'Alpha, Talia found a video you took of Marcy.' 
Damon didn't get it. What video? But there was no time to think about it. Talia was in trouble, and he was already running up the driveway and entering the packhouse. 
Damon stormed into the study, and he found Talia and Maya sitting at his desk. 
Nothing would look out of place if not for Maya's face that was pale as a sheet of paper, and she was drenched in sweat with her back curving down. She was not bowing in submission. It looked more like she wanted to kiss the floor, but her sitting position prevented her from doing so. 
Talia's expression was unreadable, but Damon's survival instincts kicked into overdrive, telling him that he was facing grave danger with every wave of Talia's aura that washed on him. 
"What's going on here?", Damon asked while trying to read the situation. 
Talia's eyes moved to look at him, and Damon paused when he saw specs of silver flashing in her honeyed eyes that were full of unshed tears. 
"Maya, leave us…", Damon said, and Maya stumbled off the chair, using her arms and legs to cross those endless several steps of distance and reach the exit. 
Damon closed the door behind Maya and turned to Talia. 
"Kitten, what's going on?" 
His steps toward Talia halted when he faced her icy expression. That was not Talia he knew. 
Talia's mouth opened and it took her a second to make a sound, "I don't know what bad karma this girl accumulated to have you as her mate." Her voice was strained as she struggled to speak. 
Damon was taken aback. 
He could feel his wolf trying to stir from his slumber and Damon's heart thundered wildly in his chest when he realized… 
"You are Talia's wolf." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 228 - Talia’s Wolf
Damon swallowed hard at the hostility that was tangible. Surely, this must be a misunderstanding. Why would Talia's wolf be aggressive toward him? 
Damon reminded himself to leave a good first impression. "Hello. My name is Damon Blake. I am the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. As you probably know already, Talia is my mate. I was looking forward to you waking…" 
"Save it for someone who cares!", Talia's wolf cut him off angrily. "You are a stinky boy, not worthy to be her mate." 
Damon was flabbergasted. This definitely confirmed that the hostility was real. 
He was not sure what's going on, but his instincts told him that if he retaliates, it won't end well. 
"I know. No one is worthy of Talia." 
"You are less worthy than the others. Promiscuous bastard." 
Anxiety swelled inside Damon. He could clearly feel the loathing directed his way. "Unfortunately, I can't do anything about my past. However, since Talia came to this packhouse, I didn't touch any other woman." This was the truth. 
Talia's wolf narrowed her eyes at him. 
While Talia's emotions went haywire due to the video of Marcy that Damon took at the Red Moon pack, Talia's wolf stirred right on time to hear Talia's thoughts about how Damon was at the Red Moon pack only three days, and that he bumped into Talia on the first day. 
Even if Talia's wolf ignores the fact that their first encounter included Marcy giving a blow job to Damon, the timestamp on the file confirms that the video was taken one day AFTER Damon and Talia met, and that is one full day AFTER Damon identified Talia is his mate. 
And Talia's wolf found in Talia's jumbled thoughts how Damon said that since he met Talia, no other woman exists for him. If that was the truth, how could he touch Marcy like this? And who knows what else Damon and Marcy did after the video was cut off? 
Talia's wolf doubted that a scoundrel like Damon would pass on the chance to sleep with a naked she-wolf who was moaning words like, "I want you to put your big cock in my pussy and fuck me hard, Alpha Damon." Disgusting. 
No woman with self-respect will say such words aloud. And she knew that she was being recorded. Slut. 
The only good thing was that Talia didn't feel the bond at that time, because the pain of her mate being with another woman would be unbearable. Talia only watched a video and her heart shattered. 
Talia's wolf had no intention of letting Damon get close to Talia. 
"You recognized her as your mate before she came to your packhouse. Are you saying that the video of a naked woman begging you to fuck her while you fondled her generously was taken before you met your mate?" 
Damon's brows furrowed in confusion. What video? Maya also mentioned a video, but nothing made sense. 
After two seconds of silence, Talia's wolf continued, "Are you pretending that you don't know? Selective amnesia? How convenient." 
"I don't know what are you talking about.", Damon said. "Since I met Talia…" 
Damon's voice trailed when Talia's wolf rotated the monitor in slow motion for Damon to see the screen. 
It was a frozen video at the scene of Marcy's bare ass and Damon's hand reaching at the cradle of her thighs. Damon's face was not in the frame, but Damon recognized the situation, and he knew that he is the other party involved. 
He forgot about this. 
Damon cursed internally as pieces fell into place. 
"This is not what it looks like. There is nothing going on between Marcy and me. I will make sure that Marcy never comes here, and Talia won't see her ever again." 
"Marcy", Talia's wolf said thoughtfully, like she was trying to memorize the name. "Will you tell this Marcy person that you found your mate?" 
"Absolutely!", Damon said without missing a beat. "Not just to her, but to everyone." 
"Don't.", Talia's wolf said curtly. "I don't want you to label this girl as yours. She put her trust in you and this is what she got. Do you plan to humiliate her in front of everyone? How much will you hurt her until you are satisfied? You call yourself her mate but..." 
Talia's face scrunched into a grimace for a moment and the silvery glow faded. Damon knew that Talia was fighting her wolf for control. 
Things shouldn't be like that. 
Talia's wolf should be her ally, her best friend, and not someone she fights against. And Damon knew that the ongoing fight was because of him. 
Damon was convinced that Talia's wolf coming out will solve their problems and not add more to them. And he felt like crap because his past actions were hurting both of them. 
Talia had nothing to do with it, yet she was suffering over and over again because of him. Talia's wolf was right. Damon doesn't deserve her… but he was not willing to give up either. Nothing made sense without Talia. 
Damon was exasperated. He didn't sleep with Marcy at all, and this video was only to expose Marcy! But he had a feeling that Talia's wolf won't listen. 
Damon was confident that Talia's wolf can feel his emotions through the mate bond, but maybe regret doesn't count after the harm was done. 
The thought of him shagging Nora flashed from the back of his mind, preventing him from saying how he kept it in his pants since he met Talia. Damn it! 
Talia's wolf sneered. "Your conscience is not clean." 
Anxiety swelled within Damon. Is she going to reject him? 
"Don't worry, I won't reject you." 
Damon paused. Can she read minds? 
"I don't need to read minds. It's all over your face." 
Damon was confused. Does this mean that she CAN read minds, or not? 
"You are lucky that this girl loves you. You better prove your sincerity and be the man she needs. But if you harm her again, I won't hesitate in taking her away. She is better on her own than with a cheating bastard like you." 
Damon ignored the cheating comment. "How do I prove my sincerity?" 
"Invite Marcy here and clear the air in front of everyone. If you mess up, there won't be the next chance." 
And with that, the silver from Talia's eyes disappeared and Talia slumped back into the chair, exhausted and covered in sweat like she just ran a marathon. 
"Kitten…", Damon rushed to kneel next to Talia, cupping her cheeks with desperation to see her loving eyes directed at him. 
'What did you do?', Talia asked her wolf mentally. 
'I did what you should have done a long time ago. Mate or not, he doesn't get to mistreat you. That is not why I gave my vitality so that you can survive.', Talia's wolf said, and Talia could feel through all that grumpiness genuine concern that moved her. 
'If you were not on the verge of collapsing, I wouldn't come out, but it was too soon. I need to rest more. Don't let him mark you until he deals with that slut, and if he just looks at another woman in the wrong way…', the voice drifted away. 
'Hello? Are you still there?', Talia called, but there was no response. 
Talia met Damon's icy-blue eyes full of questions and her chin shivered. 
Her wolf woke up and took over, and even though Talia didn't have control over her body, she was able to see and hear everything that happened. 
Talia knew that Damon has a past, and she thought that she made peace with it because they are mates and none of the women who passed through his arms previously matter, but that video was a bitter pill to swallow, and it made Talia die on the inside. 
The feeling of his hand on her face, the same hand that fondled Marcy's private parts, got Talia's bile rising and she pushed his hands away. 
"Don't touch me.", she said, her voice barely above a whisper. 
She got up from the chair with difficulty and made her way around him. 
"What are you doing?", Talia asked when Damon hugged her from behind. 
"I took that video only to incriminate Marcy. I never slept with her." 
Talia snorted. "Was something wrong with Marcy? You slept with pretty much everyone else." 
"Not after I acknowledged we are mates.", Damon could say this with sincerity but he knew that was not enough. "I admit. When I saw you the first time my wolf told me we are mates but I didn't know what to do with that information. I didn't understand what it means to discover your other half and until I met you, I was convinced that I don't want a mate. Two days later, I found you in the attic and I realized that I can't move on without you. Your scent, the sparks, and the sudden need to care for you were overwhelming and I felt like a teenager who fell in love for the first time as every next day confirmed that you are my only one that matters. Since you came to this packhouse, you were with me most of the time. If I was not working, I was with you. I didn't touch any other woman, no matter how many of them were around me. You need to believe me." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 229 - Carried Through The Forest
Talia's heart ached as she was unable to erase from her mind graphic images and sounds of Damon and Marcy, and the floodgates of her insecurities collapsed. 
"I am trying to understand you, Damon. I really am. But you need to understand me also. How would you feel if that was a video of me and some other guy touching me while I am saying how my body belongs to him and I want him to…?", Talia couldn't finish. "I need space. This is suffocating. Let me go, Damon." 
"Ask me for anything, except for that." 
In one swift move, Damon turned Talia to face him, and his hug was tighter than before. 
"I'm never going to let go of you, kitten, but if you are set on leaving, I can't stop you. The only thing I will ask you is to take my heart with you because it's yours. Everything I have and everything I am belongs to you.", he spoke into her hair, just above her ear. "There is no point in overthinking this. Both of us know that there is only you and no one else. I know you are angry, scared, and disappointed. I can feel it. Curse me, hit me, do whatever you need to get it out of your system, but don't leave me. I will endure your wrath gladly, do your worst." 
He really feared that she will give him a slip and he won't find her. 
"Just an hour ago, in this room, you promised that we will do everything together. Let's deal with this together. I need you…", Damon's voice cracked as his desperation mixed with Talia's anguish and Talia fisted his shirt angrily. 
Talia was angry because she couldn't tune out the negativity that surrounded her. She didn't want to be cautious. She wanted to trust him. She wanted to believe that there is such a thing as a happy ending and that she will reach there with Damon by her side. 
Talia could feel Damon's sincerity and anxiousness and she knew he meant it. She knew that he loved her with every fiber of his being. She knew that he would give his life for her, and she would do the same for him. Why was that not enough? 
She didn't want to think about the past that can't be changed or dread the uncertain future. 
Talia spent most of her life alone and now she had a man who would do anything for her. Why can't she just be happy? 
"Let's go.", Damon said. 
"Where?", she asked. 
"Into the forest. Isn't that a place where you go to calm down? Let's go. Together." 
Yes, Talia wanted to leave the packhouse, and she was thinking about the forest, but… "I will go alone." 
Damon cupped Talia's cheeks with his palms and planted a light kiss on her forehead. "We are mates, kitten. If you leave, I will look for you and not stop until I find you. You will never be alone because I will be with you, no matter where you go." 
With that, Damon scooped Talia into his arms and carried her out of the study, down the hallway, outside of the packhouse, through the garden, and into the forest. 
"Do you know where you want to go?", Damon asked. 
"Not really. I would go wherever my legs carry me." 
"OK. I will pick a spot.", Damon said and increased his pace. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia was surprised at how quickly Damon can move with her in his arms, and it didn't look like he was getting tired at all. His hold was solid, and she could feel his warmth and addictive scent and her body moved on its own to lean on Damon. 
Talia chided herself. Shouldn't she be upset at him? She was traumatized by watching the nasty video of Damon fondling Marcy! 
She loved him to pieces and she hated that he was holding her with the same arms that he held many other women before her. Will she ever be able to accept Damon's past without her stomach forming painful knots? Talia thought she was over it, but that wretched video made her feel dirty. 
"Can you let me down?", Talia asked. 
"Allow me to do this for you, kitten. Your struggle against your wolf exhausted you." 
"How do you know…?", Talia's voice trailed when she saw Damon's knowing look directed at her. 
"I know that your wolf thinks badly of me, and that was not you." 
Talia was not sure if he was right. Was that not her? Other than the words how Damon is not worthy of her, Talia actually agreed with the rest. She wished that his past was different, she wished that she never saw that nasty video, she wished that Damon never touched Marcy. 
Talia wanted to chop off Damon's hand that fondled Marcy, or maybe to tear Marcy into a million pieces, but Talia knew that was irrational. It won't solve anything. Besides, if Talia starts going after every woman Damon touched, she will end up on the most-wanted list as a serial killer. 
Talia thought that the best way to deal with the ghosts of Damon's past was to ignore them. Those are not hers to face. But if they are not hers, why are they haunting her? How can she pretend that numerous women like Cassie, Marcy, Ashley, and Heather are not important when they are popping out from everywhere and disturbing her peace? 
Maybe instead of ignoring Damon's past, she should confront it? 
"What my wolf said…", Talia paused while firming her resolve. "I agree." 
Damon's steps slowed down. "With which part?" 
"About Marcy coming here." 
Damon's brows came together. "Are you serious?" 
"Do I look like I'm joking?" 
"No.", Damon was quick to respond. "But… I fear that you will get upset. When your mental state is weakened, that gives an opportunity for your wolf to take over. It happens to all of us." 
"She was protecting me." 
"I know." He regretted that the enemy, in this case, was him. "I am not against your wolf, but she just woke up and she should be familiar with the situation before she makes decisions in your stead." 
Talia agreed with this. Her wolf saw only the video of Damon with Marcy and heard Talia's thoughts at that time (which were not good). If her wolf knew how kind and attentive Damon was, maybe she wouldn't be so harsh, but that didn't mean her wolf was wrong. 
"My wolf said that you should get Marcy here and deal with her. I agree with that.", Talia said sternly. "I know there is a risk of jeopardizing strained relationship between your pack and the Red Moon pack, but they are the ones who came after you first and we will never have peace if others can pressure you by using politics or their position." 
The whole conversation would be much more serious if Damon was not moving between thick bushes while holding her in his arms like a princess, but Talia worked with what she had. 
"Our pack", Damon corrected Talia. Whenever she spoke like the Dark Howlers pack was only his, she was distancing herself from him and he didn't like it. 
"Fine!", Talia snapped. "OUR pack. Happy? Now can you focus on the important part?" 
"Alright.", Damon said. 
Talia didn't get it. "Alright, what?" 
Damon inhaled deeply before responding, "When I became the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, others didn't take me seriously. They treated me like a youngster who didn't know what he was doing, and they were right; most of the time, I didn't know what I was doing, but I knew how to fight. When they realized that a direct approach was not working, they started using underhanded methods to manipulate me, including pushing women into my bed. And I... was taking advantage of the situation. Caden helped me in gathering dirt on the women who coveted to be my Luna, and I would expose them." 
Talia understood that the folder 'Evidence' where she found the horrid video is the one with the dirt that Damon collected with Caden's help. 
"I know it was despicable of me to do such things, but I didn't force any of them. I only collected evidence on what they did of their own will.", Damon paused and looked at Talia with sincerity she could feel. "When I did those things, I had no idea what it means to have a mate. Feeling your sadness is killing me on the inside. The only thing I can do is make sure I treat these issues seriously going forward. No more games. I will send a message to Alpha Edward and everyone else that if they try something like that again, they are risking a war." 
Part of Talia was moved that Damon told her all this. It was rare of Damon to talk about his past and even rarer to admit he made a mistake. But if he had any decency in that licentious mind of his, he wouldn't end up in this situation! They were sending women to his bed only because they saw that he is not refusing them! Bastard! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 230 - Meeting The Parents
Talia bit the inside of her cheek while wondering if that's worth it. Surely, her peace of mind is insignificant when compared with a war between packs. People will get hurt! And there is no guarantee she will be happy. 
But her wolf said that Damon needs to deal with Marcy and that Talia shouldn't let him mark her until that happens. If Talia forgives Damon before he redeems himself, her wolf will go ballistic. Talia could feel the beasts' rage and she knew that her wolf was not joking. 
Talia was reconsidering her idea for Damon to confront Marcy when she noticed that his eyes were unfocused. He was mind-linking someone. 
"Did something happen?", she asked. 
"No.", Damon responded. "We are entering a restricted area, so I was informing patrol to stay away." 
"Restricted area?" 
"You will see in a minute.", Damon responded mysteriously and increased his pace. 
Talia observed dense foliage that changed as Damon moved and she noticed that there was an incline; and even though there was no path in sight, Damon definitely knew where he was going. 
Where was he taking her? Was he planning to imprison her somewhere? Is that why the area is restricted and has guards? 
… 
The sound of the water running was clearer as trees around them became scarcer with every step Damon took. 
Talia blinked at the bright sun when they emerged on a clearing that was speckled with wildflowers and there was a river going through the middle of it. The clearing ended with a sharp fall and Talia understood that the noise was coming from the waterfall. Based on the rumble, it was a long way down. 
But Damon didn't carry Talia toward the river, or to the edge to enjoy the view. He took a right and stopped when they reached a deep shade of a lonely oak tree that shielded them from the scorching summer midday sun. 
Damon carefully kept Talia to stand on her feet and he supported her by the shoulders until she got her footing. He was carrying her for a while. 
"I'm OK. Thanks.", Talia assured him, and she was confused when he took her hand in his and started leading the way closer to the trunk of the tree. 
Talia followed him obediently and her eyes widened when she saw a black marble rectangle-shaped stone with a curved top edge. It had engraved, 'In memory of loving parents, Jacob Blake and Violet Blake'. 
Damon stood a few steps in front of the gravestone and bowed his head. "Mom, Dad, this is Talia, my mate. She is wonderful, everything a Luna should be, and much more, but I messed up. If you are alive, I would ask you how to fix the mess I created." He exhaled audibly. "Actually, if you are alive, I would probably not make that mess in the first place." 
Damon turned to Talia and smiled a little. "Elders wanted to bury my parents in the pack cemetery, but I refused. They were free spirits who loved this land and treated every member of the Dark Howlers pack as family, but those same people betrayed them, so I decided they should rest here. This is the most restricted area in our territory, protected by a handful of guards I personally selected, and only I can enter. I come here when I'm not sure how to deal with the situation I'm facing. It's quiet and no one disturbs me." 
Damon released Talia's hand and squatted to remove stray weeds that were growing too close to the gravestone. He moved swiftly and Talia concluded that he did this many times before. 
Talia watched Damon awkwardly, unsure what to do while he approached the gravestone to dust off the dirt. 
Damon paused his movements and glanced at Talia. "You can say hi to them, or not. They can't hear you, even though I wish that they can." 
When he finished with cleanup, Damon stood up and looked at Talia. "You can treat this as a place where you can confess your thoughts, and no one will judge you. I instructed guards that you can come here so when you need space and the packhouse won't do, please use this area. It's safe and other than the two of us, no one else has access." 
Talia was not sure if she should be here, and she definitely didn't know where this HERE was because Damon was carrying her and she was not paying attention to her surroundings. She didn't want to admit that if Damon left now, she would be totally lost. During her previous outings into the forest, she didn't spot any river or a waterfall. 
Damon saw that Talia's expression was reluctant, so he gestured toward the gravestone. "Think of them as good listeners who are good at keeping secrets." 
He glanced behind Talia. "If you want to just sit in silence, I will prefer that you join me there." 
Talia watched as Damon walked away with his shoulders dropping gradually with every step he took, and his big and powerful back suddenly looked lonely. 
Talia could feel he didn't want to leave her. He wanted to hold her close, but she needed some distance from Damon because his proximity only made her crave for his touch. 
She turned to the gravestone and after a few moments of hesitation, she spoke, "Hi Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet. My name is Talia. I am Damon's mate. I heard many good things about you from Stephanie. Damon doesn't talk much about you, but he is not much of a talker." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. What was she doing? Talking to a stone? 
But Damon said to treat it as she was talking to good listeners, and she really needed to voice her grievances. 
Talia saw that Damon sat on a big rock at the bank of the river, with his legs toward the edge of the cliff, so the noise from the waterfall would prevent him from overhearing whatever she says. 
Well, no matter how silly it looks, she had nothing to lose. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia squatted close to the gravestone and spoke in a low voice. 
"To be honest, I am not worthy of being Damon's mate. He is exceptional in every way possible, and I am not. Damon's past is bothering me, but I don't know if I have the right to judge him for what he did. I mean… I was often thinking about running away from problems even after we met. Damon was telling me that I am the only one who can be called Mrs. Blake, yet I was contemplating exit strategies. I am not a Luna material. Damon is doing his best to face challenges and instead of thinking about rising to meet his level, my desire is to pull him down. What kind of a Luna does that? I wish that Damon is not an Alpha." 
Talia shook her head at her pessimism. 
"I don't have skills or confidence for the job and the only person who believes I can do it is Damon. Maybe that's why I love him…" Talia's eyes widened as her cheeks caught on fire. Did she just say that she loves him? Aloud? But it's the truth. 
"I love everything about him. He is handsome and caring, and he loves to cuddle. What is there not to love?" Her lips curved downward. "But if everything is so great, why am I reacting like this when his past resurfaces? He has more than twenty years of life without me and if I am going to be the mate he needs, I should accept him… even the dirty parts, just how he accepts me unconditionally like I don't have any flaws." 
"You would be proud of him. Damon takes care of his people and everyone talks about Damon and the Dark Howlers pack with awe. That's probably one of the reasons why so many women wish to be his Luna. On top of being an amazing Alpha, Damon found me in a dingy attic where I was hiding from people who forgot I exist. He brought me here while risking a war between packs. Without knowing my background, he gave me a place to live, and I am not wondering from where my next meal will come. He is taking good care of me even when no one is watching." Talia's cheeks heated. "Especially when no one is watching. And I am back to where I started. I am not worthy of being his mate." 
Talia smiled sadly at the gravestone while wondering what would his parents say if they were alive. Well, that's one thing she will never find out. 
"Thank you for listening." 
She stood up and bowed toward the gravestone. "It was nice meeting you, Mr. and Mrs. Blake. If there is a chance, I will visit again." 
Talia turned to look at Damon. His back was hunched with his hands balled into fists and his gaze was directed at the imaginary spot on the horizon. It was a strange posture because Damon would normally stand ramrod straight and his every pore oozed confidence, yet this was… different. But even with that, he was the most handsome man Talia ever saw. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 231 - Damon’s Way Of Finding Answers
"Can I join you?" 
Damon jolted at the sound of Talia's voice even though he knew she was approaching him. Damon was staring at the imaginary spot on the horizon, and the deafening sound of the waterfall below him overpowered any other noise, but he was aware of Talia's presence. 
"Absolutely.", he responded while scooting to the side to make space for Talia on the same rock. 
Talia sat next to Damon, and her mouth was slightly open as she took in the panorama. The cliff was higher than she initially thought. 
There was forest as far as the eyes can reach, and hills and mountains in the distance, and she could see the irregular formation of rooftops etched into the forest. Based on the arrangement of buildings, she knew that the town below them was Darkbourne. The river continued calmly after the waterfall and disappeared among the trees, but Talia knew that was the same body of water that formed the lake Talia recognized as the one where Keith took her during the Summer Solstice festival. 
How far were they from the packhouse? She craned her neck to see if she can spot the packhouse from there. 
Damon saw Talia leaning forward and his arm circled around her shoulders to support her, and she stiffened upon contact. 
His heart ached at the thought that Talia's defenses were back up full force. 
"What's the state of your wolf?", Damon asked. 
"I'm not sure.", Talia responded. "She said that she came forward because I was in distress and that it was too soon, and she needs more rest. Before I lost contact with her, she said that you shouldn't mark me until you deal with Marcy." 
Damon pressed his lips into a line and nodded in understanding. His first impression with Talia's wolf was horrible. He remembered his first encounter with Talia; there was Marcy, between his legs, and if Talia could forgive him for that, then her wolf should be able to forgive that video. Hopefully. 
"Now that your wolf appeared, it won't take long for her to recuperate fully. They retract at the back of our minds to focus on healing. My wolf is doing the same." 
Talia's brows came together as she looked at Damon. "He is?" 
"From the wolfsbane.", he reminded her. 
Talia's face fell. That was her fault. If she didn't go into the forest, she wouldn't bump into rogues, and Damon wouldn't end up hurt. 
Damon could feel Talia's emotions and he rubbed her shoulder gently. "He will be fine in a day or two." 
Talia's guilt was replaced with panic. "What if someone attacks you before he recuperates?" 
Damon shrugged like it's not a big deal. "I usually fight on my own. Don't worry, kitten. I won't allow anyone to harm you." 
Talia felt the urge to hug him tightly and kiss him senselessly, but she held that back. 
The video. 
Talia was still not over it and she fought mightily against remembering the visual or Marcy's voice moaning Damon's name. 
Talia turned to look at the breathtaking view below them. The river fell sharply down, creating a cloud of white mist above a swelling of water surface before it narrowed and continued calmly snaking between the dense trees, like this majestic waterfall never existed. 
"Do you come here often?", Talia asked Damon, feeling the lack of conversation pressing on her and making her anxious. 
The silence between them used to be pleasant, but now she felt the urge to distract herself with chatter. 
"There was a time when I would come here almost every day.", Damon responded. "I made many decisions here." 
"It's peaceful. Good place for thinking and deciding.", Talia said. 
"That's true, but decision-making had nothing to do with the ambiance." 
Talia looked at him questionably, and he explained, "There were cases when I knew what I should do, but I didn't want to. Mostly related to the pack business." 
"Like fighting another Alpha?", Talia guessed. 
Damon thought for a moment before responding. "Whenever I received an official challenge, I knew that I will be facing three possible outcomes. The first one is that I lose, and he takes over my pack. I would be either killed or crippled, and neither of those two was appealing. The second option is that I defeat him and leave him alive. Alpha wouldn't be able to live with that shame, and the only way out of it is to get revenge. It took me a few duels to realize that leaving the enemy alive is stupid because they keep coming back until one of us can't fight anymore. And the third choice…" 
"Is to kill him.", Talia said instead of Damon. 
Damon feared that Talia will see him as a monster, but her emotions told him that she felt sorry for him. Yeah. That's his Talia. Always finding good in people, even when they are set to kill. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia felt her heart tightening. She had no idea what Damon's state of mind would be when he faced a situation knowing he will need to kill a person or be killed by end of the day. There was a time when she thought that Damon is scary and ruthless, but now she knew that he has a kind and gentle side, and she was aware that Damon wouldn't extinguish life without a reason. 
"Did you come here to calm down before duel?", Talia guessed. 
"In a way.", Damon said. "This place helps me put things into perspective and understand what's important and with my parents here, I would imagine they would approve of my choice." 
Talia was surprised to hear that Damon would look for his parent's approval. She saw Damon as a confident Alpha who is always looking forward and doesn't need anyone's support, but then… he started leading a pack before he was ready, and he needed someone to assure him he was doing a good job, even if that someone was long gone. 
"Can you tell me more about it?" 
Damon glanced down at the water far below their feet. "What do you see?" 
"Water. Mist. Rocks." She focused on the details. Damon's expression told her that she missed something. "What do you see?" 
"Answers.", Damon said. 
Talia didn't get it. "What?" 
"My options were to fight or not, and that would make a difference if I will kill my challenger or be killed. So, how do I steel my resolve and go into the fight prepared to kill?" 
"How?", Talia asked after a few endless seconds that were filled with the clamor of water. 
"I would leave it to chance." 
"Chance?" 
Damon turned a bit to face Talia. "Like now. Should I fight for us or give up?" 
Talia's brows came together. Was he thinking of giving up on them? 
But something was wrong with his expression. 
Why was her heart aching? 
Damon put his hand on Talia's cheek, his touch came with addictive sparks and Talia ended up leaning into his palm. 
Damon smiled a little. "If I am alive in a few minutes from now, I will fight for us and no one will stop me from loving you. Not even your wolf." 
Talia was still processing his words when he inched closer and pecked her lips once, twice, and then she opened her eyes and the whole world slowed down when she saw Damon kicking off the rock and falling down the cliff until he disappeared in the white mist the waterfall created. 
"DAMON!", Talia shrieked as her blood froze. 
A pair of shoes Damon left behind on the rock confirmed he did that on purpose. It was NOT accidental! 
Why the hell did he jump like that? No matter how good of a swimmer he is, there are rocks down there! 
Talia's anxiety swelled. Why was he not coming out? 
He can't die, right? He is strong and fast and a werewolf, for crying out loud! 
With every passing second, knots in Talia's stomach were increasing. 
"IF YOU DIE, I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU!", Talia shouted. 
She desperately fought to see his head full of raven-black hair emerging from the water, but her sight was blurry from tears. 
What if he was hurt, or dead? What will she do without him? 
For years, while hiding in the attic, Talia would pass time by daydreaming about finding her mate, a man who will love her unconditionally, and now that she found him, she gave in to her insecurities and ruined everything. 
Suddenly, Talia realized what he meant by putting things into perspective. 
Damon was facing two bad choices, giving up on his life or taking another's and he used this to leave it to fate if he should live or not. After all, if he died, it didn't matter if it happened during a fight or like this. 
And he said that if he survives this, he will fight for them. 
In a way, Damon was proving his sincerity because he declared that there are only two paths ahead of him; he will either be with Talia or forfeit his life. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. Isn't she the same? Can she live without Damon by her side? What's the point of dwelling on the past when her soul is crying for his proximity? Isn't she torturing herself and him by avoiding his touch? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 232 - Underwater Thoughts
Damon swam underwater with the goal to put some distance from himself and the strong currents of the waterfall. 
It's been a while since he did a stunt like this one, and he found it cathartic. 
Was there a chance for him to die by jumping into this waterfall? Probably not. 
At most, he would get badly hurt. 
Why did he take that risk? Because the freefall mixed with the uncertainty of what's hiding below the mist, and it was exhilarating. 
For a control freak like Damon, jumping into the unknown was stressful and addicting at the same time, and it rewarded him with an immense sense of accomplishment when he emerged out of it unscathed, making him feel like he gambled with death and came out victorious. 
Just like every time before, the rush of adrenaline purged all insignificant things from his mind. In this case, as he was falling down, there was only one thing on his mind. Talia. 
Damon was painfully aware that his past was coming back to bite him with interest. 
In his defense, at that time, he didn't think about a mate. Actually, with every next woman who came onto him with ulterior motives, Damon's desire to find his mate was reducing, and considering that he started from zero, it was going into negative. 
Now Damon knew how stupid that was, but at that time, he was just a guy with an insatiable appetite and an endless stream of women who were throwing themselves at him. There was absolutely no reason for him to reject them. 
Would he act differently if he knew that one day he will meet his mate who will mean the world to him? Probably not. 
But would he act differently if he knew that his philandering would end up hurting his mate? Maaaybe? 
Who was he kidding? Damon was always a stubborn Alpha, accustomed to instant gratification, and if someone told him five years ago how a wonderful woman will come into his life and he will be smitten, and that's why he should keep it in his pants, Damon would kick that person to another planet. 
How can an Alpha keep it in his pants? He has NEEDS! 
Unless there is a serious reason for suppressing the urges, every Alpha will give in when a plethora of women are offering themselves wantonly. 
A promise that SOMEDAY he will find something better wouldn't be enough for Damon to reject women who came at him. 
It's like when a parched man has glasses of crystal clear water right in front of him. Will he continue to suffer, or will he quench his thirst? 
Damon told himself to burry these thoughts deep inside his mind and not to allow them to resurface, ever again, because if Talia's wolf can really read minds, he will be in a heap of trouble. 
Yes, Talia loves him, but she grew up differently and she won't understand, and Damon can't blame her because if she had even one lover before him, Damon would rip that guy into pieces. 
Dwelling on the past was useless and unfortunately, there is no medicine for regret. The only thing Damon can do is try to help Talia build defenses for situations when Damon's past resurfaces. Unfortunately, Damon didn't know how to tackle this problem. 
When he realized they were mates, Damon needed a few days to accept that he can't resist the pull of the bond, and a few days later he acknowledged how Talia is adorable and wonderful in every way possible. 
If he was not a lustful jerk, he would probably fall in love with Talia even without the mate bond. Assuming he pays attention to her for long enough to realize how amazing she is. Was this something he can use to get himself out of the current pickle? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon shook his head as he emerged above the surface of the turbulent water and took a deep breath to fill his lungs with much-needed air. 
Did Talia see that? Did she admire his athletic abilities? 
Damon looked up and narrowed his eyes at the scene of Talia standing at the top of the big rock they were sitting on previously. What was she doing? Was she unable to see him? 
Damon raised his arm and gave her a wave that froze halfway when Talia pushed herself off the rock. 
It took him a moment to accept what was happening in front of his eyes. 
What the hell!? 
"TALIA!", Damon's roar was drowned by the thundering of the waterfall, and he watched helplessly as she disappeared into the mist. 
Damon frantically swam in that direction and dove underwater in search of Talia. 
He needed to find her and assure her safety. 
His body is agile and strong, but what about Talia? She is so delicate, and he feared that just the water pressure will cause her serious injuries. 
... 
Talia's whole body tensed when icy water enveloped her, and she wondered if she will reach the bottom. She opened her eyes to see, but the numerous air bubbles mixed with the mud from the riverbed that stirred under the impact of the water from above and it blurred everything, and the strong currents pushed and pulled her randomly, making it impossible to tell which way is up. 
Talia panicked. Is this how she will die? 
She didn't get a chance to tell Damon that she loves him, and she still didn't meet his wolf officially, but she will regret the most that when they were sitting next to each other on that rock, she didn't lean onto him. She wanted to hug and kiss him, why did she suppress that urge? 
If those were their last moments together, why did she sulk instead of making the most of it? 
And she will also regret that when her wolf was talking smack to Damon, she didn't fight harder to regain control. Guilt swelled within Talia that she actually agreed with her wolf on many points. Didn't she turn her back on Damon? 
Maybe dying here will be her punishment because she acted against her mate, her other half. It didn't matter if the person berating Damon was her wolf or not, Damon is her mate and he should come first, yet she betrayed him. Maybe it's better this way. With her gone, Damon will get a chance to find himself a Luna who deserves that position, and not a nobody he found in the attic. 
From the beginning, it was Damon protecting her and doing things for her, and she was silently contemplating exit strategies. Did she ever put her trust in him completely? At that point, it didn't matter. 
Moments with Damon flashed in Talia's mind that filled her chest with warm and fuzzy feelings. 
A handsome stranger came to the attic of the Red Moon pack, holding her and licking her wound… her falling asleep in the car while leaning on the Alpha who smelled of the forest and the dark chocolate, and waking up in a hotel room… Damon snatching a piece of cotton candy from her… his cocky smile that she wished to erase, yet she couldn't wait to see it again… his crazed obsession with feeding her… holding hands under the table… scent, warmth, kisses, touches… the way his icy-blue eyes stirred with emotions when he looked at her, and how his gaze would turn almost feral during their lovemaking, but she was not afraid. She was never afraid of him because she knew that side of Damon was only hers to see, and her heart tightened at the thought that she will not see him ever again. 
More than in the turbulent waters around her, Talia was drowning in regret for not telling Damon how much she appreciates everything he did for her, and for not telling him how much he means to her. 
Every time Talia lost her way, Damon would come to her rescue, just how he found her under the tree in the amusement park, and next to the clocktower on the town square at the Summer Solstice festival, and many other times she couldn't clearly remember because her mind was getting hazy due to lack of oxygen, but she clearly remembered how only a day before she saw Damon being stabbed and shot while protecting her from rogues, and then she cried next to his hospital bed while wishing for him to get better so that they can be happy, together. And now it's over. They had so little time left, yet she ruined it. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 233 - A Jealous Woman
Author's note: 
Thank you very much! 
--- 
Talia's endless regret mixed with panic. How can it end like this? She won't allow it. Not without a fight. 
She closed her eyes and relaxed while trying to feel which way is up, when a sudden force pulled her to the right, and it took her a moment to realize that someone was holding onto her wrist. 
Talia's eyes snapped open, and she saw a familiar figure in the water. 
Damon! 
Talia moved toward Damon frantically and clung onto him like a koala, making sure not to obstruct his arms and legs so that he can take them out of that watery hell. 
She was counting her heartbeats and paying attention to the scarce amount of oxygen she had in her lungs. Surely, she won't drown easily. Even without her wolf, she is still a werewolf, for crying aloud! 
Both Talia and Damon gasped for air when their heads emerged above water. 
Talia observed that they were between a thick stream of water and a massive rock formation, and it took her a moment to realize they were behind the waterfall that created a noisy privacy curtain, shielding them from prying eyes and ears. 
Damon reached to hold onto a nearby rock that was sticking out of the water. It was difficult to stay afloat in those turbulent waters. 
"What got into you!? How can you be so reckless!?", Damon shouted at Talia through the noise. "Why did you jump!?" 
Talia looked at Damon and smiled goofily. She is alive! And he is alive as well! Isn't life beautiful? 
Damon was about to yell at Talia more, when he heard her say, "I love you, Damon Blake." 
Talia spoke softly, but her voice reached him clearly over the clamor the waterfall created, maybe because she spoke to his soul. 
Damon's handsome brows came together in a confused frown. How is he supposed to scold her now? Talia said that she loves him, and her emotions confirmed that. It was more than just love. It was trust and acceptance, and he knew that she forgave him. At least in her heart. 
A big burden fell off his chest, and he leaned his forehead on hers. 
They were floating in the water while relishing the happiness both of them felt and there was a moment when their eyes met and the whole world stopped. 
Damon moved to kiss her lips and Talia tilted her head to avoid him. 
Damon was exasperated. Now what? 
Talia punched his shoulder weakly. "You big dum-dum. Aren't you the Alpha of the largest pack in North America? So many people are depending on you. How can you play with your life?" 
Damon wanted to say how he wouldn't die from that fall, even if there was no water below, but he kept those words for himself because if Talia finds out about that, she might be upset at him again. 
He understood that Talia was this clingy because she thought his life was in danger. He can roll with that. 
"How can I think about the pack when you are rejecting me?", Damon spoke with all the sincerity in the world. "Nothing makes sense without you, kitten." This was the truth. 
Talia looked at him incredulously. "First of all, I am not rejecting you. I was upset and needed time to sort out my thoughts. And second... did you need to jump like that? Don't you know how dangerous that was!?" 
"If you knew it's dangerous, why did you jump?" 
Talia's chin trembled. "Didn't you say that we should do everything together? How can we be together if I don't follow you?" 
Damon smiled at her words. Instead of running away, his kitten decided to follow him. That was definitely a move in the right direction. 
He inched closer to Talia, and he smiled when she didn't avoid his lips. He got a kiss! Talia was obviously holding back something, but she didn't push him away either. 
After a few kisses full of longing, Damon asked, "What's on your mind?" 
"A long time ago I learned not to expect anything good from people because I only get disappointed. I have no idea how or why, but I started relying on you. If you…", Talia couldn't finish. 
Damon pulled Talia closer and held her tightly against his body. He could feel her emotions clashing. Her reasoning was backed up by years of abuse and neglect, and her emotions hung on a thin thread of hope that he won't hurt her. 
They were both emotionally damaged, but their rough edges fit together perfectly. 
"The mate bond is new for both of us, and I will lie if I tell you I know what's coming.", Damon said. "But I know that I won't disappoint you. You are my everything. I will always have your back." 
Talia looked up at Damon and gave him an ugly smile while fighting against sobs that bubbled inside her chest. She was glad that the waterfall mist was everywhere, and it concealed tears that streamed down her face. 
Happiness. Fear. Hope. 
He was her everything also, and with every second under that waterfall, Talia's defensive walls crumbled to reveal her fragile heart that he could easily crush and destroy her completely. 
She needed assurance that he won't do it. 
She needed assurance that he will cherish what they have. 
No more nasty videos and fondling other women. 
"If I catch you with another woman, I will burn your packhouse to the ground with you in it." 
Jealousy. 
Damon grinned. Talia was claiming him as hers. 
"OUR packhouse, kitten.", he corrected her. "And we have a deal. If I ever touch any other woman, I will provide gasoline." 
Damon moved to kiss her lips and he was delighted that there was no more reservation from her side. 
It felt like forever since they kissed properly and Damon was pleasantly surprised at the intensity with which Talia started tugging on his shirt, to untuck it from his pants. 
Feeling her arousal, Damon swiftly scanned the surroundings before moving them closer to the cliff, and he was quick to find the right spot between rocks where he can gain his footing and avoid the possibility of being swept away with currents. 
Talia had no idea when Damon tore her panties, but she saw a streak of light green disappearing into the rowdy waters, never to be found again. Her skirt was already up and fluttering around her in the water and she felt his fingers gliding between her folds as he positioned his erection at her entrance. 
Damon's heart soared as things fell into place. He was inside Talia as she embraced him with her arms and legs, and everything was back to how it should be… Damon and Talia were one. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon and Talia were lazing on the soft grass that grew at the riverbank next to the waterfall, allowing the hot summer sun to dry their disheveled damp clothes that they didn't bother removing. 
Damon was on his back and Talia's head was on his chest with her arm around his waist. 
The lush deep green grass rose around them, creating a natural privacy shield and an illusion that they were the only ones in the world. 
"Let's not do this again.", Talia said. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow questionably. "Which part?" 
"Arguing. Jumping into the waterfall.", Talia said guiltily. It was her fault because she couldn't control her wolf who sparked their fallout, and it's not that Talia didn't agree with her wolf, but if she focuses on the negative things, it will ruin everything good. And there was so much good to enjoy. 
Damon agreed with Talia. He didn't want to argue either. 
He kissed her forehead and thought about what caused this mess. 
"I will delete all files that might upset you.", Damon said with finality. 
Damon didn't need those files anymore, and he forgot about them, but then… he forgot about many things since he recognized Talia as his mate. 
It was just like jumping into the waterfall, when he faced something daunting, all the noise disappeared, leaving only important things in focus. Like Talia. 
"You don't need to delete them.", Talia said. She wanted all that gone, but she also knew he held that 'Evidence' in case one of those women comes after him again. 
"I want to.", Damon said with all the seriousness in the world. "You are the only woman in my life, the only one in my heart, and you will be the only one on my hard drive. There will be no more games. I am about to get married and I don't want to risk upsetting my wife. I am grateful that she accepted me despite my dirty deeds, but that doesn't mean she will tolerate if random things remind her that her husband has a past full of mistakes." His lips lifted into a smile. "You see... my Mrs. Blake is a jealous woman." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 234 - Indulging A Grumpy Wolf
Author's note: 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source. 
--- 
Talia would be glad if Damon can erase all evidence of his previous hookups, including her memory. If she could believe that she was his first, just how he was hers, that would be perfect. But just deleting files won't be enough. "What about Marcy?" 
"Your wolf wanted me to deal with Marcy without announcing we are mates. I will do that." 
"Aren't Elders working on getting Marcy to back off?", Talia asked. After Elder Samson and Elder Charlie left the packhouse, Talia didn't hear anything about them. 
Damon sneered. "They are a useless bunch of cowards who only care about saving their behind. If they were any good, I wouldn't disband them as my advisors." 
"You are saying that they didn't make any progress with declining Marcy's visit.", Talia summarized to what Damon confirmed with a nod. 
"As I was saying, I will deal with Marcy. If your wolf is anything like mine…" Damon paused. "Is she listening?" 
"I don't think so." 
Damon cleared his throat awkwardly and Talia understood that Damon wanted to badmouth her wolf, and he was afraid of consequences if her wolf finds out. 
Damon spoke in a low voice, "If your wolf is anything like mine, she will be a grumpy existence who looks down on others' intelligence." 
Talia was surprised by this. She thought that her wolf was defending her, and that was not wrong, but under that protection was a condescending attitude as she looked at Damon like he belongs to a lower species. 
"I want your wolf to approve of me.", Damon said. "I don't want you to fight with your wolf because of me and the best way to accomplish that is to indulge her. I will do what she asked and fulfill her conditions. Once she accepts me, things will be smooth." 
Damon sounded magnanimous, but the truth was that he didn't have a choice. If Talia's wolf takes over again, the stubborn beast might reject Damon as her mate and then… he didn't want to think about it. 
The other option was to ensure that Talia's wolf can't take over, but that would include Talia overpowering her wolf, and Damon didn't want to put that pressure on Talia. Her wolf just returned, and they need to learn how to communicate with each other, how to shift from one form to another, and how to tap voluntarily into those mysterious powers her wolf carries, but the most important part for Talia will be to build a good relationship with her wolf because her life might depend on it. Literally. 
Besides, Damon is the one who messed up and he will own it. 
Talia's heart swelled with warm and fuzzy emotions. Damon was willing to follow the ridiculous rules her wolf set, and he was doing all that for Talia. Of course, it was for her. 
"Thank you.", Talia said. 
"There is no need to thank me. I'm doing it for us.", Damon said matter-of-factly. 
Damon decided to work on this as soon as possible. The sooner he starts, the sooner he will finish, and if he needs to wait for Talia's wolf to soften up her attitude before he can mark Talia, there was not a minute left to delay. 
Ah, if he knew it will end up like this, he would put his mark on Talia a long time ago, and then her grumpy wolf wouldn't have a way to force him into this ridiculous game! 
Damon had no idea how to deal with rejecting Marcy without introducing Talia as his mate, as he had a feeling that saying how he doesn't like Marcy won't work. He needed something more solid. 
This will be a disaster! Damon was never the planning guy. 
Damon told himself to take this one step at a time. He had a starting point of Marcy coming to the Dark Howlers pack, and an endpoint where she will leave with the knowledge that she won't be Damon's Luna, as for anything in-between, Damon will figure it out, eventually. Hopefully. 
Talia put her hand on his cheek and her honeyed eyes smiled at him. 
"Don't overthink it.", she said. "The important part is that we are together. My wolf didn't say that I can't help you." 
Talia was dazzled by the smile that bloomed on his face. 
"If I knew that your determination to stick to me will soar after I jumped into the waterfall, I would do that a long time ago." 
Talia's brows came together. "Don't joke about it." 
"I am not joking, kitten. I would do anything for you to be with me." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. "Promise you won't do it again." 
"That will depend on circumstances." 
Talia understood that as a, no, for the promise. "You are blackmailing me." 
He didn't deny it. "I told you. I would do anything. Blackmail included." 
"I'm sure you have other ways to keep me by your side." 
Damon's lips lifted into a sly smile. "That… I do." 
Talia's whole body shivered when she felt his hot palm gliding over her thigh higher, under her skirt. And the fact that she didn't wear any panties only made her arousal swell faster. 
She wanted to say how that's not fair. He was using the sparks of their bond to muddle her head, but then he kissed the base of her neck, where his mark should be, once, twice, and then his lips latched right there and he started sucking harshly, and Talia clutched his shoulders to steady herself because the whole world was spinning with her and Damon at its center. 
Damon growled when the scent of her arousal hit him, and he was quick to unbutton his pants and get on top of her. 
"Mine…", Damon squeezed through his teeth while his scorching gaze bore into hers, making it impossible to break eye contact. 
He was halfway in when he paused. 
"Say that you are mine, kitten", he demanded. 
Talia squirmed under Damon. Why did he stop moving? Ah, he wanted something… "Yours. I am yours.", she said breathily. 
"Ahh…", a lustful sound escaped her lips when he was sheathed all the way in, just how she wanted him, hard and hot and deep inside her. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the packhouse… 
Maya and Caden were in the kitchen, and Caden passed Maya a cup of tea. 
"Are you sure this should calm me down?", Maya asked while looking at the steaming cup. It was her third one and based on her uneasiness, it was not working. 
Caden shrugged. "Would whiskey work better?" 
Maya thought that's a good idea. "Probably. Give me a glass. Fill it all the way. Or better… give me a bottle." 
Caden rolled his eyes. "Let's not drink during the day. We have so much to do, and guests will be here soon. With Damon and Talia out of the packhouse, we need to be sober." 
Maya puffed her cheeks in displeasure. "After the stress I went through, I need something to ease the edge." 
"Don't exaggerate.", Caden said. 
"Exaggerate? You were not there, Caden. I couldn't breathe." 
Caden didn't know exactly what happened, but he felt Maya's emotions through the mate bond. "We already knew that Talia's aura is comparable to Damon's. It's a good thing if our Luna is a strong she-wolf." 
Maya agreed with Caden but… "That was not Talia." 
Caden frowned. "And who was it?" 
Maya didn't have an answer to this question. "It was something… ancient. Powerful. Scary." She was not sure how to explain what she felt when Talia's wolf came out. 
"You make her sound like she turned into a monster.", Caden said sarcastically. He was confident that Maya was blowing it out of proportion. He thought of something. "How was Damon faring against Talia's aura?" 
"He was fine.", Maya responded right away. Damon didn't seem to be affected. 
Caden rubbed Maya's shoulder to comfort her. "There you go. If she didn't affect him, then she can't be more powerful than he is." 
With werewolves, strength is determined by sheer strength or by genetics, where the ones with powerful aura can become high-ranking members of a pack. Between the two, genetics takes precedence because a powerful aura will force others to submit, regardless of how much time they spent training. 
Maya didn't know how to explain what she felt. It was not about who is stronger, but about the type of power. 
When Damon releases his aura, Maya has an urge to submit and obey, but Talia's aura was suffocating, painful, like an invisible force was pressing from every side, threatening to crush her. 
Before she could say anything, both Maya and Caden heard Damon's voice through the mind-link, 'Arrange for Marcy from the Red Moon pack to come here as soon as possible. Accommodate her demands as long as they are reasonable.' 
'What?', Caden asked back, but his question hit a wall, indicating that Damon shut down the mind-link. He didn't want to be disturbed. 
Maya and Caden exchanged confused glances. Did they hear the same thing? 
The morning started great, and they completed many of their duties ahead of time so they can relax before guests arrive, but then things turned for worse unexpectedly and Damon carried Talia out of the packhouse to who-knows-where. And now, after nearly two hours of complete silence, Damon told them to prepare things for Marcy? 
This day was getting weirder by the minute, and it was barely afternoon. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 235 - The Shocking Truth (1)
~ the Red Moon Pack ~ 
Earlier that day… 
Marcy was in the dining room of the Red Moon Pack, having breakfast with her father (aka Alpha Edward), her mother (aka Luna Layla), her brother (aka James), Beta Raymond (aka Nora's father), and Nora. 
Other than the crisp clinking of the utensils, the dining room was silent. Luna Layla insisted that people shouldn't talk during a meal, because no one should talk with their mouth full of food. 
Unless they had guests, their mealtimes were quiet occasions. 
However, the absence of people's voices didn't mean that they didn't communicate through their mind-link. 
Marcy could see that they would pause their movements occasionally or make faces, which was an obvious sign of an ongoing conversation. 
It was normal for Alpha Edward and Beta Raymond to mind-link each other. Marcy guessed that they were discussing issues related to the pack, but this time even Nora exchanged a few meaningful glances with Alpha Edward. Since when was Nora important enough to talk like that with Marcy's father? 
Marcy was happy that they kept her out of the pack's business, which meant that no one would talk to her. 
Since rejecting George, Marcy's wolf was getting weaker by the day, and that caused her mind-link to falter sometimes. It was like making a phone call when one's phone has bad reception. Marcy believed that once Alpha Damon marks her, her wolf will stop sulking and things will get back on track. Actually, with an Alpha's venom in her system, she should get a power boost. That's just one of many perks she will get as Damon's Luna. 
"Marcy? Marcy!?", Luna Layla called. 
Marcy's head snapped in her mother's direction. "What?" 
"Why are you not responding to the mind-link?" 
Marcy didn't want to admit she has problems because that would mean she needed to reveal that she found her mate (and rejected him). "I was just thinking something. What is it?" 
Luna Layla frowned impatiently. "I was asking if you want to join us. I'm going with Gabriella and Natalie for some shopping, a spa, and lunch. We should be back mid-afternoon." 
Marcy was not eager to spend the day with her mother and her girlfriends. Pampering and shopping sounded nice, but those three will end up talking about the latest gossip, and everyone was still buzzing about the Luna announcement ceremony at the Lightclaw pack, which meant they will discuss topics that are unpleasant for Marcy. 
Who cares about the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack? Kalina ignored Marcy more than once, and after numerous attempts to approach Kalina, Marcy got less than a minute of exchanging empty pleasantries. How frustrating! 
And even worse was the topic of Alpha Damon and the woman he brought with him as a date. 
"I would love to join you, mother.", Marcy lied with the best smile she could muster. "Unfortunately, at nine-thirty AM I have scheduled video conference with the chef who teaches baking, and today we will discuss multi-layered pastries." Marcy knew that her mother won't investigate because she never paid attention to what Marcy was doing outside parties. "If I miss this session, the next one will be in two weeks. His schedule is packed and I waited for my slot for more than a month." 
With that, Luna Layla gave up on convincing Marcy to go with them. 
After finishing her meal, Marcy went to her room, to find solace in reading online novels. Marcy was picking novels with storylines that start with the heroine being trapped and looking for a way out. Something like modern-day Repunzel. 
Since Marcy arrived home from Europe, she realized that her father is set to use her in order to expand his influence, her mother is his silent accomplice, and after Alpha Damon's visit, Marcy knew that Nora is NOT her friend. With her brother being only fifteen years-old, and not interested in anything beyond training, Marcy was on her own. That meant that she needed to watch her own back. 
She carefully picked a handful of Omegas and gave them benefits in exchange for information and small favors. 
Anna (aka Talia's main ex-bully) became one of Marcy's informants, and thanks to Anna, Marcy knew when who was doing what in the packhouse. 
Anna was happy to work for Marcy because Marcy convinced Luna Layla that Anna should be in charge of the second floor. That was definitely a promotion and Anna was ecstatic because other than an upgrade in status, she also got five Omegas to work for her, so Anna's duties consisted of telling others what to do and inspecting it when it was over. 
It was shortly before 10 AM when a knock on the door got Marcy's attention and based on the knocking pattern, Marcy knew that Anna was on the other side. 
"Come in!" 
"Do you have something for me?", Marcy asked as soon as Anna closed the door behind her. 
Marcy didn't like that Anna would always come to deliver information in person, even for the small insignificant things. Marcy had a guess that Anna wanted others to see her coming in and out of Marcy's room. It was proof that Anna is important. 
More than once, Marcy wanted to set boundaries to what information Anna should deliver in person, but she feared that Anna will misinterpret it (or retaliate), and that might cause Marcy to miss on something important. No matter how annoying Anna's behavior was, she was Marcy's biggest resource and Marcy didn't want to risk offending her. 
Anna stood in attention in front of Marcy and nodded resolutely before responding with, "You told me to keep an eye on Nora and to notify you if she is alone with Alpha Edward. They are alone. In the lounge on the second floor." 
"Good job. Thank you, Anna.", Marcy said while scooting off her bed. Seeing that Anna was not moving, Marcy gestured toward the door. "You can leave. If you find anything else out of place, let me know." 
Anna bowed a little and left the room. 
Marcy frowned. Why was Anna dragging her feet? She was an Omega, a servant. Marcy hoped that Anna didn't think about them being friends or something. 
Marcy snorted. What friends? Anna was doing this for benefits, and Marcy knew that if anyone gives Anna more benefits, the latter will switch sides without blinking. Actually, maybe Anna is working as a double agent and informing someone about Marcy's movements. 
But there was nothing incriminating. Marcy was careful. Even if Anna discloses what she was doing for Marcy, there shouldn't be anything wrong with just wanting to know what's going on in the packhouse, right? Marcy can spin that into a story of how she is preparing to be an effective Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Marcy confirmed that Anna was out of sight before making her way toward the lounge on the second floor through the empty hallways. 
The Omegas who are assigned duties in the packhouse completed their work for the morning, so it was easy to move around without attracting curious eyes. 
It's not that Marcy cared if anyone sees her going into the lounge, but she hoped to keep this low-key because only like that she will get a chance to figure out what is Nora up to. 
Marcy knew that Nora was not her friend and that Nora was working for Marcy's parents with the main task to keep an eye on Marcy. That was not new. 
Another thorn in Marcy's side was Nora's reputation as a she-wolf who was attracted to high-ranking werewolves. Just that wouldn't be a big deal because Marcy didn't care how Nora lives her life, but Marcy was painfully aware that Alpha Damon belonged to the queue of Nora's hookups. And it happened when Alpha Damon visited them to discuss his marriage with Marcy. Despicable! 
On top of that, since Nora returned early from the party at the Lightclaw pack, leaving Marcy with Luna Layla behind, Marcy suspected that her father and Nora were plotting something even more sinister. 
Marcy picked up subtle hints where Nora and Alpha Edward would exchange meaningful glances like they know something Marcy doesn't, but there was no way that Marcy would say anything about it without proof. Actually, even with proof, Marcy would probably stay silent but knowing what's coming would help her to prepare countermeasures. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 236 - The Shocking Truth (2)
Marcy knew that snooping around could backfire big time. But how can Alpha Edward punish her when she was only days away from leaving for the Dark Howlers pack? 
Marcy put her hopes on the scenario where Alpha Edward won't be too harsh on her and risk that she switches sides and collaborates with Alpha Damon. 
True to her role of a pawn, Marcy was kept in the dark and she didn't know any secrets of the Red Moon pack, so she wouldn't be very useful if Alpha Damon decides to attack the Red Moon pack, but just refusing to do Alpha Edward's bidding would be a major punishment for her father. 
Marcy thought how that would be ironic. Her father spent a lot of time and effort to set her up to be Alpha Damon's bride, and if Marcy cuts her ties with him, it would be all for naught. Poetic justice. 
Of course, Marcy felt no gratitude toward her father or mother. They sent her away when she was a child and didn't bother raising her, and now that she came of age, they were determined to use her. What a joke! 
Marcy couldn't wait for the moment when she becomes the Luna of the largest pack in North America. The first thing she will do is to give her father the middle finger. 
The only person who could boss around will be Alpha Damon. Marcy didn't have big hopes in a loving marriage with Alpha Damon, but she was confident that they will find a compromise where both of them get the most out of their union. 
But until Marcy's time to shine comes, she needed to be careful, obedient, and most of all, she needed information. That's why she decided to keep an eye on Nora and watch her movements. 
It was too risky to follow Alpha Edward or Beta Raymond as they were either stuck in their offices, or outside with warriors, and her mother was totally focused on parties, spending money, and pampering. However, Nora was different. 
Even if Marcy was discovered, she could come up with a believable excuse as to why she was watching Nora. 
Like now. 
Marcy's goal was to overhear what Nora and her father are plotting, but if they see her, she will just say that she was looking for Nora, her friend. Her best friend. 
After glancing left and right to double-check that the hallway was empty, Marcy stood next to the open door of the lounge on the second floor and she listened attentively. Nothing. 
A full minute passed before Marcy lost her patience and made her way inside. 
Marcy's brows furrowed at the sight of an empty lounge. Didn't Anna say that Nora came here with Alpha Edward? Did they leave already? 
Marcy cursed her luck. She hoped to find something useful, but she ended up coming late. 
Well, it didn't matter. In a few days, Marcy will go to the Dark Howlers pack, and with any luck, she won't return here ever again. 
Marcy was about to return to her room when a faint noise got her attention. It came from the storage room that can be accessed from the lounge. 
Marcy's stared at the inconspicuous light brown door that matched the wainscot that stretched along the walls of the lounge. 
The lounge is used by her father to entertain high-profile guests, and that storage room has glasses, extra drinks, a refrigerator, and a food-prep area. But, without people in the lounge, there was no need for anyone to use that storage, especially because Omegas were gone for the morning. Suspicious. 
Was someone there, or did Marcy imagine that sound? Since no one else was in sight, Marcy decided to investigate. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Marcy was a few steps away from the door when the shuffling sounds were heard again. She didn't imagine it. Was some Omega late with cleaning duties? 
Marcy's hand hovered above the doorknob, and she decided to listen a bit more sneakily because the sounds were ambiguous. 
Little by little, Marcy's ear got stuck on the door. Now she could clearly hear shuffling and heavy breathing. Definitely suspicious. It took her a moment to distinguish the sounds of two people. One male and one female. 
Marcy's eyebrows shoot up when she heard moaning and groaning. Was someone…? 
"Oh, yes…", a sultry female voice followed by another moan confirmed Marcy's suspicion. Why did that sound like Nora? Marcy's stomach dropped when she heard the next lines, "Alpha Edward, just like that… You are the best…" 
Marcy couldn't believe it! 
Her father and Nora! 
Marcy was nauseated. 
What about her mother? Luna Layla should feel the discomfort of her mate being intimate with another woman. Or was Luna Layla alright with her mate sleeping with another woman? And not just any woman, this one was young enough to be his daughter! And Nora is the daughter of Beta Raymond! 
Marcy sneered. Her mother threw away her dignity in order to enjoy the luxuries of being the Luna of the Red Moon pack. 
Did Beta Raymond know that his Alpha was sleeping with his daughter? All this was too twisted. 
"Fuck! Your pussy is fine!", Alpha Edward's labored voice was heard, followed by Nora's throaty moan, and Marcy stumbled backward. 
This was too shocking! 
She needed to get out of there. 
Marcy had no idea how she found herself back in her room, staring blankly at the ceiling and trying to make sense of what's going on. 
She knew that her father was obsessed with power and that her mother didn't care about things as long as she can maintain her lavish lifestyle, but now Nora's role in all this changed. 
Nora was not just some girl who was keeping an eye on Marcy. She was her father's mistress! 
Was this something ongoing, or a one-time thing? Considering their relationship, it would be difficult to believe that it was only once, or twice. 
Since when? Did it start when Alpha Edward and Nora left the party at the Lightclaw pack early? Alpha Edward said that he will punish Nora for approaching Alpha Damon on her own and disturbing him, but now Marcy understood that there was not much punishment involved. 
Now that Marcy thought about it, her mother was unusually stiff and grumpy after Alpha Edward and Nora left. Was it because her mother knew what is going to happen between those two? 
Would her father still be interested in Nora if he knew that she slept with Alpha Damon? Probably not. 
Alpha Edward is consumed with greed for power, and he would gladly push his daughter into marrying Alpha Damon; compared to that, accepting that his mistress slept with Alpha Damon doesn't seem to be much. 
Marcy thought that the walls were closing in on her. 
People around Marcy wanted to use her for their own agenda, or they didn't care about her, and this was supposed to be her family, damnit! 
Marcy told herself not to bother with things she can't change. 
Marcy saw her trip to the Dark Howlers pack as a way out of this hell. She will be whoever Damon wants her to be, and he will mark her and make her his Luna, and then Marcy will be able to cut off her ties with this twisted family and the Red Moon pack. 
Marcy laughed bitterly. Isn't Alpha Damon just as twisted as her father, if not more? If he had any decency, he wouldn't sleep with Nora when he came to discuss marriage with Marcy. 
But no matter how bad Alpha Damon is, surely, it can't be worse than here. 
However, just in case, Marcy needed a backup plan. 
She got an idea. 
Marcy will take her jewelry when she leaves for the Dark Howlers pack. If things don't work out, she will sell it and use that money to disappear. Maybe she could return to France. Her apartment in Paris was still leased under her name, and she could stay there until she figures out what to do next. And she also has a few friends speckled through Europe. 
Will her father look for her? Probably. She will need to be sneaky because if her father catches her after disobedience, Marcy will be in a heap of trouble. 
She let out a frustrated breath. Will she dare to defy him? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 237 - The Highest-ranking Commander
It was late in the afternoon when a knock on the door got Marcy's attention. 
"I told you I'm not hungry", Marcy grumbled when the door creaked open. Why can't they leave her alone? 
"I'm not here to offer food.", Nora said while sashaying into Marcy's room. 
Marcy frowned while trying to suppress the bile that was rising in her throat. Nora and her father! Revolting! 
"Why are you here?", Marcy snapped, unable to conceal her irritation. 
"Alpha Edward wants to see you in his study. Now.", Nora said calmly, like she didn't notice Marcy's hostility. "And before you ask, he tried mind-linking you, but you didn't respond so here I am." 
Marcy sneered. "What are you now? His secretary?" 
"I'm just trying to be useful." 
'Yeah, right. Useful by spreading your legs for my dad.', Marcy couldn't stop the incoming wave of negativity. If she could, she would rip Nora's hair out. 
Her father is sleeping with his Beta's daughter, her mother is pretending that everything is fine, her brother is obsessed with training and studying to the point of not seeing how twisted this whole packhouse is. But then… maybe it's like this in every packhouse, but Marcy doesn't know about it because she grew up in a different environment. 
Marcy adjusted her mood while chanting internally that this will be only for a few days, and then she will find her exit, either as the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack or as an unknown she-wolf in Europe. 
A few breaths later, Marcy scooted off her bed. It was time to see what her father wants. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"You called for me?", Marcy asked when she entered Alpha Edward's study with Nora one step behind her. 
Marcy noticed that her brother was also there. That was unusual. Normally, her brother would spend his days at the training ground. 
"I have good news.", Alpha Edward said with glee. 
Marcy was alerted. Somehow, she had a bad feeling about this, and she held her breath when her father spoke. 
"Alpha Damon called. Pack your things. You will head to the Dark Howlers pack tomorrow." 
"Do you need help packing?", Nora offered cheerfully. 
"No.", Marcy rejected Nora without missing a beat, and she took a moment to process her father's words. "Alpha Damon called asking me to go there tomorrow?" 
Alpha Edward nodded. "The exact words were, as soon as possible. But I guess you will need some time to prepare so plan to head out tomorrow morning." 
Marcy pressed her lips into a line. Based on their agreement, she still had a few days before she needed to leave. It's not that Marcy didn't want to go, but Damon was postponing their meeting, and then he ignored her completely at the Lightclaw pack, and now he wants to see her ahead of the agreed time? Suspicious. 
Alpha Edward narrowed his eyes at Marcy. "You don't look excited about this." 
"No, no", Marcy was quick to deny it. "It's just unexpected." 
Alpha Edward didn't think much of it. He was excited that things were finally moving in the right direction. Everyone knew that Alpha Damon had a woman by his side, and from Alpha Edward's perspective, this invitation was proof that Alpha Damon finished playing and was ready to get down to business. Real business. With Marcy. 
"I don't need to tell you what to do and how to behave. Show Alpha Damon that you are the best choice to be his Luna. As long as you can win his favor, everything will be alright. Once you secure your position, we will talk further." 
"Yes, father.", Marcy responded obediently. "When is my flight?" 
"You will go via car." 
Marcy was flabbergasted. She checked maps. With a plane, it will be only a few hours, while driving will take up a full day! Sure, plane rides are uncomfortable for werewolves, but what's a bit of discomfort in exchange for saving hours? 
"I am fine with flying.", Marcy said. 
"But Nora isn't.", Alpha Edward deadpanned. 
Marcy was not sure if she heard him right. She had a hunch that Nora will tag along, but somehow, she hoped to avoid it. 
"Nora is coming with me?" 
"I will watch your back and make sure you are not mistreated.", Nora chimed in from the side. 
Marcy gritted her teeth. Yeah, right. She would rather have a pack of feral dogs to watch her back. 
Other than telling Alpha Edward about every move Marcy makes, will Nora try to sabotage Marcy on the way to the Dark Howlers pack, or after they reach there? Or maybe Nora is tagging along so that she can get into Alpha Damon's bed again? Maybe it's all of those. 
Alpha Edward nodded in approval of Nora's words before adding. "James will also accompany you." 
Marcy looked at her fifteen years-old brother without returning his smile. "Why is he coming?" 
"Nora got information that Alpha Damon is hosting a group of people at this time. Alpha Maddox from the Blue River pack and future Alpha Anthony from the Lightclaw pack. Their visit is not purely social, as they will be training, and this is a great opportunity for James to expand his horizons.", Alpha Edward gave an unusually lengthy explanation. "As a bonus, Mindy from the Blue River pack will be there, and also Kalina, the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack. Use this opportunity to befriend them." 
Marcy's stomach was tied into knots at the memory of Mindy, Kalina, and Talia gelling well at the party while ignoring everyone else, Marcy included. 
Those three were laughing and having a good time, while the rest of the guests gossiped about Marcy like she was the abandoned mistress! Marcy will never forget that embarrassment. 
But never mind, she will swallow her grievances, for now. Once Marcy becomes the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, she will show everyone where they belong. 
Marcy wanted to know only one thing. "What about security?" 
"I handpicked a number of warriors to accompany you, but it seems that everyone else will be there without security, so…" 
Marcy couldn't believe this. "You are letting us go unprotected?" It's not that she feared thieves or being kidnapped. Marcy's biggest concern was Nora. Sure, her brother was going, but he is useless. 
Alpha Edward raised his hand, indicating to Marcy to be patient. "I didn't say that. But I can't send many warriors with you without arousing suspicion. This is a delicate time where we need to show goodwill and not provoke Alpha Damon. Once you become his Luna, we can act freely, but until then..." He made a face like his hands are tied before continuing, "I came up with something in-between. With a pretense of training, my most capable commander will accompany you." 
Marcy was NOT happy about this. "One warrior?" 
"Don't be dramatic. It's not like I'm sending you to war. Alpha Damon's pack is safe, and with your identity as my daughter, no one will dare to harm you. Besides, my commanders are not just warriors. They are well trained in strategizing, leadership, and decision-making.", Alpha Edward said matter-of-factly. "Actually, the man who will accompany you is the second reason I called you here. He is on his way, and I want you to meet him. Even though he is young, his skills are top-notch, and his aura is domineering enough for him to qualify as a high-ranking member. Too bad he is lacking experience, but that will change by the time James takes over this pack…" 
Marcy was not listening anymore. 
It was rare for her father to praise a person, but she didn't care how awesome this commander is. Unless he has eyes at the back of his head, doesn't need to sleep, and won't keep Nora out of his sight, he was simply not enough. 
Marcy was hoping that with a larger party, there will be more people keeping Nora in check, but what can one person do? And it didn't seem that her father will assign more people. He made up his mind and Marcy will need to work with what she has. 
Marcy plastered a smile on her face while looking blankly at her father and waiting for him to finish so that she can leave. All this was exhausting, but in a way, she could see the end of her road. Once she reaches the Dark Howlers pack, it will be Marcy and Alpha Damon, and once she secures her spot as Damon's Luna, she can do what she wants. Yes. That thought was making her smile more genuine. 
The door opened behind Marcy after a brief knock, and everyone other than Marcy turned to see the newcomer. 
Marcy guessed this was the commander that earned high praises from her father. She schooled her features in preparation to face him because she wanted this to start on a good note, but then an addictive scent of sweet clover hit her senses and she froze. 
She knew this scent well. It was the scent she couldn't get out of her mind since she sensed it the first time at her welcoming party. 
Alpha Edward stood up, an obvious respect for the newcomer. "Marcy, I want you to meet the highest-ranking commander in the Red Moon pack. George." 
That name struck Marcy like a thunderbolt and her head whipped in the direction of the door to meet the Greek God who haunted her dreams. 
George. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 238 - Failed Rejection
Author's note: 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source. 
--- 
Marcy couldn't snap out of her daze that was muddled by the excitement of her wolf. Marcy didn't feel her wolf in some time, yet now she was coming back. Did that mean she was not having a nightmare and the guy in front of her was real? 
"George, this is my daughter, Marcy. I was just praising your abilities." 
George's eyes didn't leave Alpha Edward. "You flatter me, Alpha." 
Alpha Edward bobbed his head in approval. He noticed that whoever saw Marcy, their gazes couldn't stop roaming her body, after all, werewolves are licentious creatures and Marcy is a good-looking she-wolf, yet commander George knew that Marcy is forbidden fruit. This confirmed Alpha Edward's previous assessment that George is the right person to escort Marcy. 
"This is what I like about you. Always humble", and you know your place, "no matter how high you reach.", Alpha Edward said to George and then spoke to Marcy who was still gaping at the newcomer like someone stuck two invisible fingers in her mouth. 
"George is undefeated among commanders, and he can get any benefits he wants, yet he always volunteers for missions, stays late at the training grounds to work with warriors, and he even helps with cleanup. Despite his young age, he is one of the pillars of the Red Moon pack, and also a great role model for James." 
"It's my honor to personally train the future Alpha.", George responded. 
"James is lucky to have you. We all are." Alpha Edward turned to Marcy. "George will keep you safe. I trust his abilities, and you should as well." 
Marcy nodded absentmindedly while trying to wrap her mind around this bombshell. What the hell? 
Is this Greek God with a head full of brown hair and gorgeous chocolate eyes the same George who she identified as her mate at her welcoming party a few weeks ago? The same one she rejected? 
But… wasn't he an Omega? How did he turn into the highly-praised commander? And why did he smell so delicious? She couldn't stop staring at him. The man was simply too handsome. 
Marcy wanted to ask if he is the same guy, but her father was there, and George barely spared her a glance. He was standing ramrod straight with his arms behind his back, and Marcy was struggling to maintain her composure. 
"Marcy… Marcy!" 
Alpha Edward's stern voice pulled Marcy out of her thoughts. 
"Aren't you going to greet George? Where are your manners?" 
Marcy blinked at her father in confusion and then she plastered a smile on her face while extending her hand for a handshake. 
"I am Marcy. It's a pleasure to meet you, commander." 
George looked at Marcy's hand for a moment before returning the gesture. 
"Call me, George.", he said, and his eyes flashed with something unfathomable when their hands connected. His lips lifted into a half-smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Trust me, the pleasure is mine." 
The handshake lasted only for a second, but Marcy clearly felt the sparks. How was that possible? Didn't she reject him? She had so many questions, but she couldn't ask any of them in front of her father. Oh, and James and Nora were there also, watching them carefully. 
Marcy saw Nora standing on the side while ogling at George and Marcy felt fury stirring inside her as she wanted to gouge Nora's eyes out. How dares she look at George in such a way!? 
George is mine! 
Marcy quickly stopped those words from spilling out of her mouth before she causes a catastrophe. What's wrong with her? 
She needed some time to process all this and to come up with a plan because things were spiraling out of control. 
After finding out that Nora is sleeping with Alpha Edward, Marcy was convinced that she was ready for whatever that duo had in store for her, but this... was unexpected. 
"That's better.", Alpha Edward said to Marcy and turned to George. "Plan to spend at least a week at the Dark Howlers pack, maybe longer. I don't expect that anyone will cause you trouble, but until Marcy settles in her role as the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, I will entrust her safety into your hands." 
Marcy swallowed a mouthful of air. Did she hear that right? George will be guarding her? If she had any doubts if George is the same man she rejected as her mate, the sparks during the handshake dispelled any doubts. He is the same guy. 
"Dad, can we have a word?", Marcy asked. 
"Sure.", Alpha Edward gestured for Marcy to speak. 
"In private, please." 
Alpha Edward frowned a bit. "If this is something about your upcoming visit to the Dark Howlers pack, Nora, James, and George should hear about it. After all, you are all going together. And if it's not about it, it can wait." 
Alpha Edward's impatience was obvious, and Marcy backtracked. "It can wait." 
"Good. Then, I suggest that you and George get to know each other. Why don't you take a walk in the garden? …" 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Marcy and George walked in silence through the garden. 
Marcy inhaled a sharp breath and turned to George, "Geroge, about what happened..." 
"Your father is still watching us." 
George's stern tone sent shivers down Marcy's spine. Was it wrong to say that through all that guilt and confusion she was also excited? No, no… the excitement was coming from her wolf. 
Marcy gave a small nod of understanding. She already confirmed that George is not a simple man. Of course, he was aware that her father was watching them. "Is there a place where we can talk?" 
Without a word, George gestured toward the path on the right and Marcy followed after him. 
A minute later, Marcy stood in front of the door that led into a storage house. George was inside already. 
It was a good place because it provided privacy, but at the same time, Marcy was reluctant. What if George does something despicable? Marcy dispelled that thought. George was obviously loyal to her father, and he wouldn't dare to harm her. 
On the other hand, George's loyalty to Alpha Edward meant that George is another person who will make sure that Marcy behaves according to Alpha Edward's wishes. 
"Are you coming or not?", George asked with impatience in his voice from the storeroom that looked unusually dark, even with the unobstructed windows. 
Marcy was dejected. Why did she come here? Was there a point in saying anything? George will probably parrot everything to her father, but there was something she wanted to know. 
Marcy got inside and closed the door behind her. 
She observed George who stood ramrod straight with his arms behind his back and his legs slightly parted, and she took in a deep breath that filled her lungs with the stale air of the storehouse and delicious scent of the sweet clover that definitely came from George. 
"Why did you say that you are an Omega?", Marcy asked. 
"I didn't.", George said curtly. 
"But…", Marcy paused while recollecting their brief conversation that happened right after she kissed him and before she rejected him. 
Marcy's brows came together. George was right. He said that he is a nobody who cleaned training grounds and she assumed the rest. 
"Why didn't you clarify it?" 
George sneered. "Clarify, what exactly?" 
He took a step closer to Marcy and she swallowed hard while wishing that he maintained his stony unreadable expression because his vicious gaze scared the shit out of her. Even her wolf whimpered while covering in fear. 
"What did you expect to hear from a man who is supposed to be your other half while you reject him?" 
He was so close that she could feel his hot breath fanning her face. It smelled of sweet clover. Delicious. 
"I rejected you. How come I feel the sparks?", Marcy asked. 
When he didn't respond, Marcy tried to touch him, but he stepped away to avoid her and Marcy realized… "You can feel them also. Why?" 
George narrowed his eyes at her. "Because I didn't accept your rejection." 
Marcy was not sure what to think about it. Her wolf was happy, but what about Marcy? 
The memory of George's strong arms around her and his flavors seeping into her system were still vivid, and Marcy really wanted to get closer, touch him, kiss him, and much more, but if she does that, everything related to her becoming the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack will be voided and her father will skin her alive. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 239 - Unexpected Complications
While thinking about her options, Marcy steeled her resolve. 
"Accept the rejection." 
George's expression frosted. "Do you think it will be that easy to get rid of me?" 
"This… us… is not possible.", Marcy tried to reason with him. "My father won't allow it. Both of us will be punished." 
"How noble of you to care about my wellbeing.", George drawled. "Trust me, I don't need your concern. Besides, aren't you just thinking about not ruining your chances of becoming the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack? Instead of daydreaming about Alpha Damon, you should worry about the Moon Goddess punishing you for rejecting the mate bond. How can you think about another man when your mate is right in front of you, alive and kicking? Your wolf is probably getting weaker. Can you even shift?" 
Marcy pressed her lips into a line. He was right. Her wolf was getting weaker, and Marcy was unable to shift. 
"What about you? Your wolf should be weak also." 
George cocked an eyebrow at Marcy. "My skills extend beyond what my wolf can offer. You see, I risked my life many times when facing enemies and it's not an exaggeration to say I'm lucky to be alive. What is my wolf in exchange for letting you experience the embarrassment when your future husband realizes that you are weak and useless? Alpha Damon will discard you, and your father will punish you, and I will be right there. Watching." 
Panic swelled within Marcy. "You are doing this on purpose. You volunteered to accompany me to the Dark Howlers pack." 
George didn't deny it. "Alpha mentioned that he needs someone for the job, and I suggested that it's better to send one capable person than a dozen of warriors because we don't want to arouse suspicion." 
"You manipulated him.", Marcy said in disbelief. At first, Marcy guessed that it was Nora's doing to reduce the number of warriors who will watch over Marcy, but now she realized it was George. 
George smirked. "You should worry about yourself, princess." 
Marcy swallowed hard. What was that supposed to mean? "Are you threatening me?" 
"How can a lowly servant dare to threaten his master?", George said sarcastically. "Your downfall will be looking down on people. I thought you are different, but you are just a pampered princess who doesn't know the value of hard work because you were born with a golden spoon in your mouth, and you never cared to look at the world around you. Even without a war on our hands, every warrior suffers through daily training, and even the worst performer from recruits under my care is worth more than you ever will be." 
George's hostility was tangible and Marcy realized that her rejection hurt his ego. Is that why he didn't accept it? So that he can torture her? But isn't he torturing himself also? Before she could come up with something reasonable to say, George spoke again. 
"I hear that Alpha Damon values his warriors and his Omegas equally. I wonder how long it will take him to see how ugly you are under that pretty face." 
Marcy paled. "What will you do?" 
"Me? Nothing. I will watch you as you self-destruct. I wonder how his mark will affect you, considering that you have a mate bond already." 
Marcy was shocked. He had a point! "As long as our bond exists, harming me will harm you as well. Accept my rejection. It will be easier for both of us." 
"You wanted to say, it will be easier for YOU.", George squeezed through his teeth. "I am used to the pain and denying myself what my heart desires. How about you, princess?" 
George took a step closer to Marcy and Marcy thought that he looked like a mountain as he gazed at her from above and his smirk was unsettling. 
"What's with your hostility toward Nora? I thought you were supposed to be best friends." 
Marcy blinked in confusion. How did he know? It took her a moment to realize that he can feel her emotions. "Nothing." 
"Was it because she was eyefucking me?", George asked mockingly. "How can you be jealous when a she-wolf is desiring a mate you rejected? Or is there more to it?" 
Marcy pressed her lips into a line. There was no way she will tell him that Nora slept not only with Alpha Damon but with Alpha Edward also. And Marcy was jealous when Nora ogled at George. Everything was a mess and it was getting messier by the minute. 
She needed an exit so that she can think! But first... "If my engagement fails, I will be punished, but what will happen to you if I disclose we are mates? Will you go against my father? Against your Alpha?" 
George was not moved. "Your father can't defeat me. If he makes things difficult for me, I can always leave. With my skillset, any pack will be happy to take me in. I wonder if the same applies to you." 
Marcy opened her mouth to retort, but then George's aura pressed on her, to prove his point, and Marcy ended up lowering her head in submission. 
Wait! What the hell is this!? Marcy couldn't believe it. 
Why was she submitting to him? She has Alpha blood running through her veins! 
Beads of sweat formed on Marcy's forehead as she fought mightily to raise her head, just enough so that she can see him. 
"I rejected you. Aren't you a prideful commander? How can you stand being close to me?" 
"The more I hate you, the closer I want to be.", George squeezed through his teeth. 
Marcy's heart tightened. He hates her? She rejected him, why would she care about his feelings? Ah, it must be her wolf. 
What kind of a twisted situation was this? Her mate refused to accept her rejection, tying her to him, yet he obviously didn't have an intention to claim her as his. He hated her. Or did he? 
Marcy remembered that she should be able to feel his emotions. 
She focused on the pull that was getting stronger by the second, and there she felt anger, dejection, desire… yes! Desire! 
Just how she was affected by his scent and the sparks of the touch, he was the same. 
Marcy moved closer to George and he took a step back. 
She smirked. "Are you afraid?" 
The dangerous glint in George's eyes told Marcy that he accepted her challenge. 
She took a step closer to him, and another, and then she placed her hand on his chest. The delightful sparks tingled her palm through the thin fabric of his t-shirt that did little to conceal his impressive physique. 
"You don't hate me, George. You… AHH!" 
Marcy shrieked when George grabbed her shoulders and pinned her back against the wall. 
Before Marcy could recuperate, George's lips landed on hers and his tongue plundered her mouth mercilessly, dazing her within seconds as arousal overtook her senses. 
The pull of the mate bond was undeniable and the only thing on Marcy's mind was to get closer to George. He smelled appetizing, and this flavor was even better. Mate. 
Marcy wanted to hug him, but his hold on her shoulders was solid, preventing her from moving her arms and she moaned in protest. 
His kiss was violent, not gentle at all, and Marcy felt her insides shuddering as all the sparks of their bond converged at her core. 
The kiss stopped abruptly, just as it started, and Marcy was in a daze when she saw George looking at her mockingly. 
"Worry about what I will do, princess. My emotions are not important because I am used to ignoring them. I wonder, what will Alpha Damon do if he finds out that you get so easily aroused by someone else?" 
And with that, George left the storage house without looking back. 
It took Marcy a minute to collect herself enough to leave the storehouse and drag herself back into her room. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Marcy plopped on her bed and cursed her terrible luck. 
This was going from bad to worse and she had no idea how to stop this crazy ride. 
Until half an hour ago, she thought that her biggest obstacle will be to win over Alpha Damon. Sure, she suspected that Nora might tag along, but only after Alpha Edward confirmed it did Marcy see Nora as a real annoyance. 
Why was Nora coming? Was she trying to get into Alpha Damon's bed again? 
Shouldn't Nora be satisfied with benefits from Alpha Edward? Surely, shagging an older guy must come with benefits, even if he is an Alpha. 
Marcy was nauseated at this thought. Her father and Nora. Disgusting. 
But now George was in the picture also. Her mate. 
What the hell is his problem? 
If George put his stupid pride aside and thought for a moment, he would realize that Marcy was right. There was no future for them other than a grim ending, and if George thought differently, he should take it on the Moon Goddess or on Alpha Edward, and not on Marcy! 
Marcy was only thinking about surviving this until her chance to escape appears. Why was George treating her like she is the bad guy? 
She believed that her trip to the Dark Howlers pack will be a way out because it would end in one of two ways. Either Marcy will cement her position as Damon's Luna, or she would escape the clutches of her father and this crazed society of werewolves. 
Unfortunately, with George added to the mix, Marcy realized that her chances of failing at both increased exponentially. 
This is a disaster! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 240 - Plans For Guests (1)
Author's note: 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source where you can use the comment section to see pictures of characters and engage in discussion with the author and fellow readers. 
Thank you! 
--- 
~ The Dark Howlers Pack ~ 
Later that afternoon… 
After formidable lovemaking in the soft grass next to the waterfall, Damon and Talia took a dip in the river to freshen up, and then Damon carried Talia back to the packhouse. 
Neither of them wanted to leave that noisy place where they reconciled and found peace, but with the guests coming, they had to. 
Damon and Talia left visible marks of their presence in the form of a patch of flattened grass close to the base of the waterfall, and two pairs of shoes up on the cliff. 
The couple arrived in the restricted area full of questions and uncertainties, and left with the conviction that they will give it their all to stay true to their bond. 
Damon and Talia were not sure if the Moon Goddess had a plan on her mind when she paired them up, and they didn't know what awaits for them on the road ahead. However, they were confident it will be alright, as long as they are traversing that road together. 
"We should visit your parents more often, and not only when we are facing a challenge.", Talia said softly while leaning her head on Damon's shoulder. By now, she was used to him carrying her around princess style. 
He loved to hold her, and she let him have it. 
"I want to bring flowers and to thank them for their help.", Talia continued, knowing that Damon was listening even though he didn't give any visible reaction and his steps continued steadily. "You were right, that place is good for finding answers and putting things into perspective. I realized that no matter what happened in the past, I can't see my future without you in it. We will pacify my wolf and she will see how wonderful you are. Until then, I will study hard to be the Luna you and our pack deserve." 
Damon was delighted to hear Talia's words as her sincerity washed over him. And she said OUR pack! 
He kissed her forehead. "You are already more than I deserve, kitten. There is no manual on how to be a good Luna, but I know that you are perfect. The Dark Howlers pack is lucky to have you, and so am I." 
Talia smiled and didn't want to counter his words. 
It sounded nice, but how can she be perfect when most of the time, she has no idea what to do? The perfect example of her ignorance is that she always ends up in trouble and Damon comes to her rescue. She was unable to stick to simple instructions like, don't go into the forest alone. 
She knew that it was risky, yet she still ended up going. More than once. 
But this time, it will be different because she steeled her resolve to listen to Damon. 
After all, he proved numerous times that he wants only the best for her, and to keep her safe, and if he says not to go into the forest, she needs to take it seriously. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon carried Talia into the office on the second floor of the packhouse that was three doors ahead of his (and Talia's) office. 
That room was intended for Beta to use when he deals with pack-related business, but Caden (and Maya) were usually out in the field or would discuss things in their bedroom, so their office was rarely used. 
It was the first time for Talia to enter this space. 
Maya and Caden were there, and after greeting them, Talia observed that Beta's office was comparable to Alpha's in size. 
There was one long desk with two computers, obviously for Maya and Caden to use. Built-in bookshelves filled with books, several tall file cabinets along the left wall, and a sitting area with a long sofa, three chairs, and a coffee table. The gray tones got a pop of color from green leafy potted plants that stood tall in each corner. 
Damon sat on the sofa with Talia on his lap and asked Maya and Caden, "Did you do what I asked you?" 
Maya and Caden nodded, knowing that Damon was referring to their task to arrange for Marcy to come. 
"Well?", Damon asked impatiently. Seeing that Maya and Caden hesitated, Damon explained. "Talia knows. There are no secrets in front of her." 
Maya's face contorted into a frown. That's what he said the last time, and Talia ended up turning into a monster when she saw the video. Maya didn't want to experience again nearly kissing the floor so she looked at Caden, silently telling him that he should talk. 
Caden didn't think it's a big deal. His Alpha wanted updates, and Caden had some to give. 
"We got confirmation that Marcy will arrive with three more people either tomorrow evening or in the morning, the next day. That will depend on when they leave and if they will stay somewhere to rest for the night because they have only one driver. As for requests, there was only one. They all wanted separated rooms in the packhouse." 
"Who is coming?", Damon asked. He knew about Marcy, but the other three were unknown. If those were regular warriors, it would be unusual for them to stay in the packhouse. 
"Marcy is coming with Beta's daughter, future Alpha James, and commander George.", Caden said without too many explanations. They all met Nora, James, and George during their visit to the Red Moon pack. 
Damon didn't want to think about Marcy or that Beta's daughter (whoever she was). He was getting a headache because he had no idea how to deal with Marcy, and he had absolutely no capacity left for another female to fit into that mentally painful picture. 
He focused on the guys. One is a teenager, too young to be important, while the other one is a commander, a capable warrior. 
Damon met all three commanders of the Red Moon pack, including most of the generals. Hundreds of soldiers gathered in a mini-parade where they tried to impress Damon, but at that time, Damon was too distracted with his search for the girl with copper-colored hair (aka Talia) and he didn't pay attention. 
However, Damon knew who George was; the youngest commander left quite an impression in those few minutes they interacted. He was oozing power and discipline, and Damon's wolf stirred in desire for a spar. Maybe they could spar now, depending on how long the commander sticks around. 
Damon wouldn't mind keeping the commander and sending Marcy and the other two back to where they came from. 
"Did they mention how long they will stay?", Damon asked to what both Caden and Maya responded by shaking their heads. 
"They are hoping that James and George can join us for training sessions.", Caden said. 
Well, that will give Damon the opportunity to spar with George. 
However, what rubbed Damon the wrong way was that first Alpha Magnus asked Damon to train Tony, and now Alpha Edward was pushing his son into Damon's hands. 
If there was something in it for Damon, he would be more willing, but just hearing words of thanks and getting pats on the back was useless. 
At this rate, Damon should start charging for training services, and he might earn a fortune. 
He is an Alpha, and not a personal trainer, damnit! 
Damon tched while thinking about this. 
Tony is one thing as Damon had a good relationship with the Lightclaw pack, and Damon agreed for Tony to learn from his Generals. 
Damon made room in his schedule to work with Tony personally as there are things that only an Alpha can teach another Alpha, especially when they are using their aura, and considering that Kalina and Talia hit it off well, Damon was willing to go the extra mile in helping Tony. 
However, future Alpha James and commander George were different. 
Damon's relationship with the Red Moon pack is shaky at best. Surely, Damon could use this visit as an opportunity to improve the relationship between the two packs, but considering Alpha Edward's personality and that Marcy is coming here believing that she will become Damon's Luna, there is a good chance that the shaky relationship will worsen, and Damon would be stupid to allow the enemy to learn from him. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 241 - Plans For Guests (2)
Author's note: 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source where you can use the comment section to see pictures of characters and engage in discussion with the author and fellow readers. 
Thank you! 
--- 
Damon thought how it would be good if Coach Keith was here. 
That guy could feed James and George his funky protein shakes, put them to run on a treadmill, and make it look important. 
Should he arrange for Keith to return early from the survival training? Actually, maybe he should call the whole soccer team and give them a mission to entertain Marcy. Yeah, that might work. Serving Marcy (and keeping an eye on her) can count as another type of mental training. 
And if Keith or the soccer team players mess up their tasks, Damon will punish them. 
Damon's eyes lit up. 
He was getting closer to something that resembled a plan! 
"Prepare rooms for people from the Red Moon pack on the first floor.", Damon decided quickly. If he denied them stay in the packhouse, it will arouse suspicion, but he wanted them as far as possible from Talia. 
"I will do it.", Talia volunteered, making Damon, Caden, and Maya look at her with complex expressions. 
"You don't need to do that, kitten.", Damon spoke first. "Maya will arrange their rooms, and after that, I will deal with them." 
"No.", Talia refused. "How can I call myself your Luna if I avoid something as simple as arranging rooms for our guests? No matter how unpleasant it might be, we will deal with them together." 
Damon's heart skipped a beat. Can she be more adorable? "Alright. Together." 
Maya and Caden exhaled in relief when they realized that Talia and Damon were really together in this. Part of them feared that things went South between their Alpha and the future Luna and that in the fit of his rage Damon decided to replace Talia with Marcy. 
It wouldn't be the first time for Damon to do something unreasonable when he was angry but it usually involved fighting and breaking bones. 
Talia being part of all that meant there was a plan, and they definitely needed a plan because Marcy was coming and if they don't handle this delicately, they might end up with a war on their hands! 
"Alright.", Caden said. "What's the plan? What do we do with Marcy?" 
"I have no idea.", Damon deadpanned and both Maya and Caden stared at him with their mouths open. 
"Come again?", Caden asked in disbelief. Surely, his ears malfunctioned. 
Seeing Damon's helpless expression, Maya frowned. "Why is Marcy coming ahead of schedule if you don't have a plan?" 
"Because I asked for it." 
Maya and Caden snapped at the same time and stared at Talia, both wondering if they heard her right. Why would Talia want Marcy to come? Wasn't Marcy the one who bullied Talia in the Red Moon pack? 
Well, it was not really Talia who asked for Marcy's presence, but Talia couldn't tell them that it was her wolf, so she decided to own it. 
"Damon wants to announce me as his Luna, and I want him to clean his mess before that.", Talia said. "If we make it public that I'm Damon's mate, Marcy and her supporters will see me as an impostor. They won't care about the story of how the Moon Goddess knows best. If they cared about those things, they wouldn't try to push Marcy into Damon's hands." 
Maya and Caden nodded in agreement. Talia was right. Those people were driven by greed and if Talia steps into the limelight when Marcy is this close to her goal, everyone will target Talia. 
And it's not only Marcy, there are many other women who wish to be Damon's Luna. 
People with common enemies will form alliances, and with Talia stepping out as Damon's Luna, she will be labeled as public enemy number one. 
Even members of the Dark Howlers pack might resent Talia because they will think she is the cause they are not forming an alliance through marriage with the Red Moon pack which would give them absolute dominance on the continent. 
Maya decided to share her thoughts. 
"I think that Talia should establish her footing and gather supporters before our society explodes with news that the position of the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack is taken. With Mindy and Kalina in Talia's tight circle, were are on the right path.", Maya said while pointing at the WW Magazine on her desk, the one that was featuring Kalina's party where she was announced as the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack. 
Maya thought for a moment before adding, "We should introduce Talia to some prominent figures in our pack. Maybe we can organize a gathering in the next few days and invite Elders. When they see how Talia is accepted among high-ranking members of other packs, they won't have a choice other than to support Talia." 
"That sounds great, but we need a plan on how to handle Marcy.", Caden chimed in and turned to Damon. "We shouldn't offend her, but the more this drags, the more she will be misled that she has a chance. You need a clear cut, and you need to do it quickly." 
Damon agreed with Caden, but… "I am not concerned about dealing with Marcy. The real problem is her father." 
"Well, then you should break up your engagement with Alpha Edward.", Maya said sarcastically, and she bit her lower lip when she realized that she said that aloud. What's wrong with her? 
Damon was not in the mood to bicker with Maya. In a way, she was right. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
As much as Damon wanted to come up with some solution, he knew that one can't be forced. "Alright. We are all on the same page regarding this, and they won't be here before tomorrow evening which gives us a full day to think of something. What's the status on other guests?" 
Caden glanced at his notes on the computer before responding, "Group from the Midnight Guardians pack will arrive in time for breakfast tomorrow morning. The group from the Lightclaw pack is running late, but they should be here before midnight. Alpha Maddox and Mindy are on their way, and we expect they will join us for dinner. After dinner, we can all go to the Shifters nightclub and leave a few Omegas behind to welcome Tony and his party and help them settle. If they are in the mood for a club after their trip, they can join us at Shifters." 
Damon thought that was a good idea, but instead of responding, he looked at Talia. "What do you say, kitten? Do you want to go to a nightclub with me?" 
Talia's mind flashed with images of her previous visit to the Shifters nightclub. It was an eventful evening with Zina, Dawn, Pierce, and Liam. Coach Keith was also there, and she met his sister, Katya. However, what stood out the most was the scene of Damon standing at the entrance and observing the crowd like he owns the place, and then he walked into his VIP booth, and he looked cool out there. 
And he just asked her to join him. 
"I would love to.", Talia responded with a smile that lit up Damon's world. 
Will she get to stand at the entrance by his side this time? Definitely. 
Will they dance? Probably. 
She really wanted to dance with Damon again. 
Just thinking about dancing with Damon at Kalina's party awakened butterflies in Talia's stomach and after that, they went to their room and got entangled with each other for the first time. The first time of many. 
Damon made her undress him as punishment and he pulled her into the tub with him... fireworks... and then they moved to the bed. 
Talia pressed her legs together. This was not a good time to get aroused! 
Suddenly, Talia became super-aware of how under that skirt she was panty-less. 
The way Damon gripped her waist told her that he could smell her arousal. 
"You heard your Luna. We will be going to Shifters tonight.", Damon said without removing his gaze from Talia and he stood up with her in his arms, like it's a totally normal thing. 
Talia hid her face in the crook of his neck. 
"Let us know when Max and Mindy arrive.", Damon said while walking out in big strides, and Talia peered over his shoulder just in time to see Maya and Caden looking at them with knowing smiles on their faces. 
Ah! They definitely knew that Talia and Damon were going to their room to do the naughty. 
How embarrassing! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 242 - Desire To Submit [Bonus ]
Mindy and Alpha Maddox were in a car that was approaching the packhouse. 
"I have no idea why you tagged along.", Mindy said while scrutinizing Maddox. 
"Who would drive?" 
"I can drive just fine", Mindy snapped at her brother. "You are up to something, and I want to know what. The fact that you are colluding with Axel is only making it more suspicious." 
Maddox shrugged like he has no idea what Mindy was talking about. "Aren't I allowed to socialize? Or is having fun reserved only for females?" 
Mindy rolled her eyes. Maddox's idea of socializing is to band with a group of guys and drink and after that he bands with a bunch of females in order to pick one (or more) who will accompany him. Considering that Axel is like a monk who is abstaining from females and alcohol, Axel is definitely NOT buddy-material for Maddox. 
"Fine. Don't tell me. But don't mess around with Talia anymore. She is a good girl, and Alpha Damon likes her." 
"When did I mess with Talia?", Maddox asked innocently and then burst into chuckles. "Besides, I know that Damon is set on her." That's what makes her so interesting. "With so many she-wolves in this pack, why would I pick a bone with Damon?" 
"As long as you know.", Mindy said and turned to look at the back seat that held a bunch of neatly packed boxes. "I hope Talia will like the presents I got for her. Last time I came empty-handed so I'm making it up…" 
Maddox didn't care about presents and pleasantries. He was set on figuring out what's with Damon and Talia. All signals were pointing that Damon and Talia are mates, but why was Damon not announcing it? 
As an Alpha, Maddox is handling serious matters that will impact thousands of people in his pack, and some carefree mischief was refreshing. 
Maddox felt the excitement of a child who was about to open a mystery box, but he knew that if he acts rashly, he will face Damon's wrath. That's where Axel comes in. 
Ever since the party at the Lightclaw pack where he recorded Damon and Talia dancing, Maddox fed Axel carefully selected information, just enough to stir up the future Alpha and make him an accomplice. 
The two of them will collaborate and figure out the secret Damon is keeping, and if Damon gets upset, Axel will be there to ease up the situation. Or at least to bear a part of Damon's fury. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the packhouse… 
Damon and Talia were in their room, getting ready to face the world by putting clothes on and making themselves appear decent. 
Talia was pleased with her short-sleeved, peach-colored summer dress that reached her knee level. With her hair lifted into a ponytail, Talia was presentable and not over the top, and her best feature was the happiness that reflected in her eyes. 
Talia had only one concern. "What will we do if Lisa causes trouble?" 
Both Talia and Damon knew that if Lisa was fine, the mother-daughter duo wouldn't move out of the packhouse. 
As the first-time hostess, Talia wanted Kalina to relax and have a good time, and how can Kalina relax if she needs to watch her back because Lisa might be lurking? 
Talia remembered how tense she was with Cassie around, and at that time, she didn't even think about being with Damon! 
"Try not to worry about Lisa.", Damon said. "We have security strengthened around the packhouse, and several Omegas are staying on the first floor. Lisa won't be able to sneak in without being noticed. Other than that, I told Tony that Lisa is in the pack, so he will be vigilant, and when you girls go out without us, Maya will keep watch. At most, Lisa will cause a scene, but I hope she is smarter than..." 
Damon's words stopped as his eyes lost focus for a moment, and he said, "They are almost here." 
Talia nodded in understanding and with that, Talia and Damon were on their way to greet Mindy and Alpha Maddox. Their first two guests. 
"Is this OK?", Talia asked while straightening non-existing creases on her dress. 
"Perfect.", Damon responded with a smile. She looked good in anything. Actually, she looked the best naked, but they were outside of their bedroom, so he couldn't complain. He will undress her, later. 
"How about me?", he returned the question. 
Talia looked at Damon who wore a simple black shirt and jeans, but even with that, he was the most handsome man on the planet. 
"Very handsome.", Talia said honestly, and Damon hummed in approval. 
He loved when she looked at him like that, like he is the only man in the world, the only man in Talia's world. Just how it should be. 
"Can you walk?", Damon asked Talia when they reached the stairs. 
Talia looked at Damon and his sly smile told her that he was referring to her condition after the intense lovemaking they did. 
Since they finished their brief talk with Caden and Maya, Damon didn't let Talia get out of bed. 
Talia enjoyed it very much. Damon's every touch came with addictive sparks, and even without those, Damon definitely knew how and where to touch a woman but talking about it was embarrassing. 
"I am fine.", Talia responded stiffly, but the blush that crept on her cheeks was a giveaway of her discomfort. 
Damon chuckled. "No need to hold it in, kitten. I will carry you gladly. That should save your energy for more useful things." Damon winked and gave her a grin. 
'SMACK!' 
In her embarrassment, Talia slapped Damon's buttocks, and even though the hit didn't carry any force, it made much more noise than intended. 
Damon was shocked for a moment and then a devious smile appeared on his face. "It seems you are still energetic. How about we go back and…?" 
Before he could finish, Talia swiftly moved down the stairs. 
"Oy! I was talking here! How dare you disregard your Alpha!", Damon exclaimed after Talia, and she could hear that he was smiling. 
What Talia didn't hear was that Damon caught up with her before she reached the end of the first flight of stairs. 
"AHHH!", Talia screamed when she lost her footing. 
Her body rotated at an unusual angle, and it took her a moment to realize that Damon scooped her in his arms. 
"What are you doing?", Talia asked with panic in her voice. 
They were having guests, so naturally, the packhouse had a number of Omegas busying themselves around there... somewhere... probably watching them. 
"I am carrying my woman.", Damon said matter-of-factly. "Don't you know that the best way to stir your man is to give him a good chase? But I don't want you to tire yourself out because those pretty legs of yours will do only two things tonight." 
He made a dramatic pause, obviously giving her time to ask for clarification of his ambiguous statement. 
Talia had a feeling that it's nothing good, but she still asked, "What two things?" 
"Dancing and…" He moved closer and spoke softly, only for Talia to hear, "Wrapping around my waist." 
Talia knew that the playful Damon was holding her, and she didn't dislike it, but this was outside of their privacy, and people could see and hear them, and he was scandalous. 
"You are holding me, so I can't smack you.", Talia grumbled. "I feel like biting you." 
Damon's eyes flashed in delight. "Bite away, kitten. I am all yours to bite." He tilted his head, exposing his neck. "You can start from here." 
With the tip of her index finger, Talia touched the base of Damon's neck on his left, and his steps halted as sparks shot through his body. That was the marking spot, and he was surprised how sensitive it was. 
Normally, the dominant one in the relationship would put his mark on the one who is submitting because in the world of werewolves there are no such things as equals and sharing, and Damon had no idea what to make out of this. 
Yes, he wanted to give the world to Talia and to take care of her until he spoils he rotten, but that would be on his terms and out of his own will because he is the dominant between the two of them. Right? RIGHT!? 
Damon looked at Talia who was fixated on the spot she touched, and he saw her little tongue darting out to moisten her lips. 
"Do you want to bite me there?", Damon asked, and Talia snapped to look at him. 
"I don't know.", she responded honestly. She wanted to lick and bite him everywhere, but at that moment, that particular spot seemed like it was calling for her. 
Damon could feel Talia's desire and he swallowed hard when he realized that he wouldn't mind if she bites him. 
No. No! This is NOT happening. He is THE Alpha for crying out loud and he won't submit to anyone, not even if that other person is the most beautiful and addictive and adorably cute she-wolf who can pull on his heartstrings without trying. Talia's mark on his neck will probably be just as cute as she is… 
'BEEP! BEEP!' 
A loud car horn from outside announced the arrival of guests, pulling both Damon and Talia out of their thoughts. 
Damon shook his head. What was he thinking? It's crazy. 
He resumed his steps down the staircase. They need to greet the newcomers. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 243 - Talia’s Friend (1) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
It's been a while without bonus chapters, so here is another one. 
--- 
After dinner, per Mindy's request, Mindy and Talia went to Mindy's room. 
Since Mindy said that guys were not welcome, Damon and Maddox headed to the entertainment room to catch up over drinks while two girls were doing whatever Mindy had on her mind. 
Caden and Maya went into their room. 
They all agreed to meet up later so that they can go to Shifters nightclub together. 
Talia was happy to leave the dining room because Dawn and Zina were serving food and both Omegas were unable to conceal their inquisitive gazes at the sight of Talia and Damon sitting next to each other and holding hands. 
Dawn and Zina knew that there is something between their Alpha and Talia. After all, the duo was acting suspiciously, and they also appeared in the WW Magazine for everyone to see. However, the fact that Talia and Alpha were so intimate with each other even now, meant that they are an item. Officially. That was a big deal because Alpha Damon was not official with any other woman before. 
Dawn and Zina couldn't wait to get more information from the source itself (aka Talia). 
Talia was painfully aware that Dawn and Zina were hoping to catch her for interrogation the moment Damon is not in sight, but she wanted to avoid that as long as possible. Maybe until forever. 
When Talia and Mindy got inside Mindy's room, Mindy was pleased to see that Omegas kept her suitcase in the closet, and they arranged boxes with presents for Talia on the coffee table to form a pyramid, just how Mindy instructed them. 
"These are for you.", Mindy announced proudly. 
Talia's eyes moved over a small mountain of boxes. She never saw so many presents in one place. "Which one is mine?" 
Mindy giggled. "All of them, silly." She approached the table and took one square-shaped box that was larger than her palm. "OK. This one is for Alpha Damon, but the rest is for you." 
"You really…" Talia had no idea how to respond other than, "I can't accept this." 
Mindy rolled her eyes. "Please. This is not the first time for me to come here, and last time I didn't bring you anything so I'm making up for it. Don't think I will come as Santa Claus every time. Don't hurt my feelings by rejecting the presents I painstakingly picked." 
Mindy didn't painstakingly pick anything. She just swept through several brand-name stores and got their latest products. 
Seeing that Mindy was eagerly waiting for Talia to start checking out the presents, Talia took the box from Mindy's hand and after removing the wrapper, she could read "Rolex" which was written in golden letters on a dark green box. 
Inside was a Rolex oyster perpetual cosmograph Daytona 18k yellow gold men's wristwatch that was impressive with golden and deep green colors, and it sparkled in a way that told Talia it's expensive beyond belief. 
"What do you think? Will Damon like it?", Mindy asked. 
"The watch is beautiful. I'm sure he will like it.", Talia said honestly. 
"Great!", Mindy exclaimed with glee. "I'm glad you think it's beautiful because you have a matching one." 
Talia helplessly accepted the next box that Mindy picked from the pile. It was a square-shaped box, larger than Mindy's palm, and Talia guessed that inside was a matching Rolex watch. And she was not wrong. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
About a dozen present openings later… 
Talia was sitting on the sofa, absolutely flustered. Other than two Rolex watches, there was jewelry, a purse which probably cost more than all the jewelry combined, a silky bathrobe with matching fluffy slippers, a set of luxurious toiletries, and a variety of imported snacks that came with professionally paired wine. 
Among all those things, Talia was flabbergasted by a women's self-care kit that included bathing salt, a playlist of slow songs for relaxing, a sponge, scented candles, a bottle of wine, facemasks, lotions, a lubricant, and a dildo. 
Talia paid special attention to the bottle of wine. It had a yellow label with many details that resembled a vineyard and it said 'Far Niente Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon'. 
With this one, Talia counted that Mindy gave her a total of seven bottles of wine, and Talia deducted that wine is a must-have for females. Should she try drinking it? 
"The sales associate told me this is popular.", Mindy explained when she saw that Talia was carefully examining the contents of the box. Mindy was pleased because every item was from a high-end brand. 
"What is this?", Talia asked when her attention was drawn to the purple dildo. 
She took it in both hands and saw that silicone was somewhat bendable. 
Mindy giggled. "With Alpha Damon giving you company, I assume you won't need that." 
Talia's confused expression told Mindy that Talia didn't understand. 
Mindy eyed Talia suspiciously. "You are kidding, right? Tell me you are kidding. You really don't know what that is?" 
Talia blinked. She really didn't know. 
"It's to help yourself when there is no man to satisfy your needs. Or you can use it in addition to your man. I mean, we have two holes down there.", Mindy said, and her eyes darted toward Talia's crotch area. 
One second passed in silence… two… three… and then Talia's eyes widened in realization, and she swiftly kept the purple thing back in the box, like she burned herself. 
What did she just hold? And she even bent it a little! 
Mindy burst into a fit of giggles that produced small snorty sounds. Talia's expression was comical. 
Talia's embarrassment turned into dejection. "Did you buy this to make fun of me?" 
"No, no…", Mindy said while catching her breath. 
Other than the saleswoman's pitch how that was the most popular self-care kit for women, MIndy didn't check the details. But Mindy didn't want to admit that to Talia because she previously said how she 'painstakingly' picked presents. 
"Sorry.", Mindy said when she calmed down. "I had no intention to make fun of you. To be honest, considering your relationship with Alpha Damon, I would assume that you are more… experienced." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. Yes, she entangled her body with Alpha Damon's many times, but her lack of experience was showing. Actually, every time Alpha Damon would be on top or would hold her upright, and he was the one doing things while Talia would be on the receiving end. 
Now that Talia thought about it, there was no variety, but even if she wanted to try out something different, she didn't know what that 'different' might be. 
Mindy was an obvious person who could provide Talia with information related to those topics, but Talia was too shy to ask, so she closed the box and kept it on the table, together with many others. 
"Thank you, for all this. I am overwhelmed. I don't know if I will ever be able to repay…" 
"No!", Mindy cut her off sharply. "I didn't give you any of this because I am expecting something in return. I admit, maybe I got carried away while shopping, but I never did anything halfheartedly and I have no regrets." 
Mindy scooted closer to Talia on the sofa and took her hand between hers. 
"I'm glad you like the presents.", Mindy said and patted Talia's hand before getting to the point, "How are you doing?" 
Talia's eyes moved to the presents. "Did you buy me those so that I loosen up and talk?" 
Mindy cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "I got you those because I can afford them, because I wanted to come with presents, and because we are friends. Are we friends?" 
Talia didn't need to think much about the answer to this one. 
They met only recently, but Mindy and Talia shared fun moments at the Summer Solstice festival, they had a few heartfelt chats, Mindy had Talia's back when Marcy and Nora approached her, and they spoke on the phone and kept in touch... Isn't that what friends are? 
"We are.", Talia said, and Mindy's face broke into a genuine smile that warmed Talia's heart. 
Talia knew that Mindy noticed the intimacy between her and Damon, and Talia guessed that Mindy's 'how are you doing' is mostly related to Damon. 
Talia told herself that people will find out one way or another, and she wanted her few friends to find out first. 
"Can you keep a secret?", Talia asked, and Mindy's eyes widened. A secret! 
"You can tell me anything, dear.", Mindy said enthusiastically. "My lips are sealed." 
Talia inhaled forcibly before spilling the beans. 
"Damon and I are mates." 
Mindy froze for a moment and then responded a bit stiffly, "Congratulations, dear." 
"You don't seem surprised.", Talia voiced her thoughts. 
Mindy gave Talia a smug smirk. "A guy like Alpha Damon stopped chasing skirts and gave his exclusive attention to you. I suspected it at the Summer Solstice festival, and at Lina's party it became more obvious, but I still needed confirmation." 
"And you don't seem delighted with the news either.", Talia said the second half of her observation. 
Mindy didn't deny it. "Don't get me wrong. Finding a mate is once in a lifetime and you should accept it with your arms open wide and enjoy every minute of it even if you know it will last forever. However, being Alpha's mate means you will become his Luna. Your choices are to accept the role or for him to abandon his pack, and the mate bond won't allow you to harm him, so you will sacrifice your dreams in order to stay by his side." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 244 - Talia’s Friend (2)
Talia remembered Mindy's words from the Summer Solstice festival, and how she disliked the idea of being mated to an Alpha. 
Mindy didn't want to fit into a mold that someone else created for her, even if that someone else is her mate. After all, Mindy is a confident she-wolf with many accomplishments behind her and many dreams ahead. 
For Mindy, being a Luna would be like cutting off her wings and forcing her to stay in one place. 
Sure, Mindy might be able to do other things also, but considering how busy Lunas are with managing the pack and hosting (and attending) parties and other functions, there wouldn't be much time left for anything else. After all, being a Luna is a full-time job, and a mate bond will make Mindy wish to submit to her mate and she might neglect willingly the things she currently holds dear. 
However, Talia was different. Until a few weeks ago, she didn't have any dreams, and the ones she created so far were definitely achievable, assuming that Damon won't obstruct her, and so far, he was supportive. 
How Talia saw this, any aspirations she develops in the future, will include Damon. He is already an indispensable part of her life. 
Will their situation change in the future for the worse? Maybe. But Talia didn't want to think about it because no one knows what lies ahead and she already jeopardized her relationship with Damon by giving importance to things that were irrelevant or unlikely to happen. 
"I am not thinking that far ahead.", Talia said. "Damon and I agreed to take this one step at a time. I'm still getting used to the reality that we are mates, and the idea of being a Luna and how that will work out is vague. I know that Damon won't force me into anything. He wants me to complete my education and he is not stopping me from trying new things, like working in the kitchen, or studying medicine." 
Mindy thought how that was novel. It all sounded great except for... "Why didn't you announce your relationship?" It is common knowledge that when an Alpha finds his mate, he can't wait to announce it. It's a big reason for celebration because Alpha found his mate, and the pack got their Luna, and there is a belief that when the pair are fated mates, the Moon Goddess will bless them and the pack. 
"I asked Damon to take this slow, and he agreed. Only a few people know we are mates, so I hope you can keep it a secret. It's for my safety also." 
"If people knew you are their future Luna, the whole pack would protect you.", Mindy voiced her thoughts. 
"That would be the case if my background is impressive, if I am powerful, or if I have some achievements. However, I am nobody. I'm confident that even though we are mates, there will be people who won't approve of me as their Luna. I don't think that anyone will openly rebel because they respect Damon, but if we recklessly announce my new status, some powerful people who are against Damon will fan the flames within the pack, and that can quickly get out of control." 
Mindy understood the reasoning, but she didn't approve. "So, how long will you maintain this status and allow others to see you as Damon's plaything?" 
Talia didn't like Mindy's choice of words, but she appreciated Mindy speaking her mind. Isn't that what friends do? 
It was the truth that unless people know Talia is Damon's mate, they will see her as his plaything. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"I want to keep the type of our relationship a secret at least until he deals with Marcy from the Red Moon pack.", Talia explained. 
"If Alpha Damon tells Alpha Edward that he found his mate, Alpha Edward will take care of his daughter." 
Talia shook her head, indicating how that won't work. "Alpha Edward is the one pushing Marcy in Damon's bed with the goal of two large packs forming an alliance through marriage. Do you think he will care about Damon finding his mate? If he finds out, he will probably target me first. With me out of the way, Damon will be mateless again." 
Mindy pressed her lips into a line. Talia had a point. 
"So, what will you do?", Mindy asked. 
"I might need your help with something." 
"To deal with Marcy?", Mindy guessed and when Talia nodded in confirmation, Mindy's imagination exploded. "Are we going to sneak into the Red Moon pack, drug her, shave her head, take embarrassing photos of her and some guys groping her, and post those photos online with all faces blurred out except Marcy's?" 
Talia was flabbergasted. That was oddly specific. "Where did that come from?" 
Mindy shrugged. "You are behind Cassie losing her hair, and I added the rest." 
Talia facepalmed. She forgot about Cassie. 
Talia thought how only Damon forgets about females that are not important, but it seems it's contagious! 
"No. We won't shave Marcy's head and take embarrassing photos while she is drugged with some guys." At least I hope not. "But she will be here, and I will need your and Lina's help. Nothing excessive. Mostly to keep an eye on her." 
Mindy thought that her ears malfunctioned. "SHE will be here? Are we still talking about Marcy? And where is that HERE you are talking about?" 
Talia realized that it sounds bad, but it was the truth. "Marcy is coming here. To this packhouse. She will arrive with her party tomorrow evening probably, no later than the next morning." 
Mindy needed a moment to process this information. "Why the hell is she coming here?" 
"I asked for it." 
"Why the hell are you welcoming into your house the woman who is coveting your mate? You know that Marcy will throw herself at Damon. What will happen if she jumps on him, and he fails to avoid her?" 
Talia didn't want to imagine that visual. 
The truth was that Talia was not confident about this, not even a little bit. But her wolf demanded this ridiculous thing and Talia knew that her wolf was not willing to compromise. 
Sure, Talia could explain to her wolf the situation, but Talia felt the disgust of her wolf at the thought that Damon was intimate with some other woman. Assuming that Talia could come up with an explanation that would work, it would have the desired effect of pacifying her wolf only if her wolf is willing to listen and not make a mistake that can't be fixed before Talia can convince her otherwise. 
Talia was terrified of facing Marcy, her bully. But she hoped that with Mindy, Kalina, and Damon by her side, she can overcome her fears and face Marcy without falling apart. 
"That's why I need your help.", Talia said. "Damon will deal with her. I want him to do it without disclosing that I am his mate because if he does that, Marcy will use me as an excuse for why her engagement failed." 
Before Mindy could come up with more reasons why Marcy shouldn't come to the Dark Howlers pack, Talia spoke again. 
"Marcy is not the only one. I can't keep an eye on Damon all the time, and that's why I'm expecting that he will deal not just with Marcy but with every woman who comes at him. If he fails to do so… it's better if he fails now than a few years down the road." 
Mindy released a long breath before pulling Talia into a hug and patting her back. 
"I guess since you will be the Luna of the largest pack in North America, it's useless to ask you to be my assistant.", Mindy said while trying to lighten up the mood. 
Talia smiled. "Look at it from the bright side. It will be easier for you to get donations from Damon." 
Mindy hummed in agreement. "You made a good point. Having as a friend a Luna with deep pockets will be beneficial for my business." 
Talia and Mindy laughed at this. 
"Thank you, Mindy." 
"Remember this and repay me when you get a chance.", Mindy said with a wink. "Alright! Let's get ready for the nightclub! I've got everything we need here. Just get your dress…" Mindy's voice trailed when she saw that Talia's expression was not good. "What's wrong?" 
"I'm not sure what to wear." 
Mindy didn't think that's a problem. "How about we ravage your closet first? I'm sure we will find something. I would give you something mine, but you are a few sizes smaller." Mindy gestured at her chest area and Talia made a face but the truth was that Mindy was much more curvaceous compared to Talia. 
"I will be happy if you help me pick something. How about you get your things, and we get ready in my room? I will call Maya to see if she wants to join also." 
Mindy refused. "I'm assuming that you are sharing a room with Alpha Damon. I am not going to spend here more time than necessary. In this room, we won't be disturbed, and you are welcome to invite Maya to join us." 
"There are plenty of other rooms that are unused." 
Mindy paused. "Is any of them set up to be used as a dressing room?" 
"Well, no." 
"Then we will use mine." Mindy didn't leave Talia time to respond as she was stuffing boxes in Talia's hands. "Let's take these since it's on the way…" 
Talia helplessly watched as Mindy piled up boxes for Talia to carry, and she smiled. She was happy. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 245 - Damon’s Friend (1)
The entertainment room is a big space that is about one half filled with couches and sofa chairs that are arranged to form three sitting areas. There is also a pool table, dartboard, and a massive flatscreen TV on the wall above the wet bar. 
Damon took from behind the bar a bottle of imported scotch and paused. 
This room was used often while Damon's parents were alive, but since Damon became the Alpha, the most frequent visitors are Omegas who are ensuring dust doesn't pile up. 
However, now that he found his Luna, Damon was confident things are changing, and they will create friendships that will include unofficial visits and put this room to good use. 
Maddox sitting behind the bar was a small glimpse of shifts that were almost tangible. Damon is not a lonely Alpha anymore. He has his Luna and her presence will attract friends and they will expand their family. It was surreal just to think about it. 
Damon opened the bottle of imported scotch, and he and Alpha Maddox chatted while enjoying the way smokey flavors of amber liquid danced over their tongues with hints of coffee, licorice, and vanilla. 
The two Alphas discussed current issues in their packs, and their ongoing and upcoming collaborations as well as the always-current topic of rogues and their activities. 
However, they already communicated about this over email and video calls, so nothing was new, and they skimmed over everything rather quickly. 
"It seems you have something on your mind.", Damon finally got to the point. 
"I thought I was sneaky about it." 
Seeing Damon's cocky smirk, Maddox shook his head and admitted, "I wanted for you to have a few more drinks so that your tongue loosens up." 
Damon stifled a laugh. "Come on. Whatever you ask, I will answer honestly unless it's related to the security of my pack." 
Maddox perked up. "You will answer honestly?" 
Damon shrugged while wondering what Maddox was up to. "Sure." 
"Promise?" 
"What are we, in elementary school? Do you want me to give you a pinky promise?" 
Maddox made a face. "Fine. Here it goes. What's up with you and Talia?" 
"Why are you concerned with Talia?", Damon responded with a question. He had a feeling that Maddox will be nosy. It's not the first time for Maddox to show interest in Talia and Damon didn't miss that Maddox was observing them during dinner. 
Maddox frowned. "You said you will answer honestly!" 
"But I didn't promise.", Damon responded cheekily. 
Maddox was speechless. After a few seconds of silent staring contest, Maddox angrily grabbed his glass and downed it. 
"Talia is my fated mate." 
'COUGH! COUGH!' 
Maddox coughed violently and his face turned completely red like he was drowning in half a glass of amber liquid which went down the wrong pipe due to the revelation that caught him off guard. He struggled to inhale. 
Damon swiftly moved behind Maddox and gave him a few good smacks in the back, using much more force than necessary. 
"You don't need to hit me that hard!", Maddox shouted when he caught his breath. 
"I was concerned for your life.", Damon responded with a straight face. "You shouldn't drink so quickly if you can't handle it. Take small sips. Or should I give you a straw?" 
Maddox ignored Damon's provocation. "I was surprised. For a moment, I thought you said that Talia is your mate." 
"I did." 
Maddox looked at Damon in disbelief. It's not that he didn't believe they are mates, because Maddox already suspected it, but he couldn't believe that Damon admitted it right away. 
With this, all Maddox's plans about messing with Damon became invalid. He would be a complete asshole if he tried to do something fishy with Damon or with Talia after he got confirmation that the couple is mated. 
Ah! And Axel is on his way also! Should he just tell that guy to go back home? 
Damon was happy to reveal that Talia is his mate. After all, the condition Talia's wolf set was only that he can't announce it publicly but sharing among friends was acceptable. 
"Congratulations on finding your Luna.", Maddox said after some time. "Why are you not announcing it?" 
"Security reasons. Also, Talia wants us to take it slow. It's not a secret we are mates, but I will appreciate it if you keep this information to yourself. For now." 
All Maddox's fighting spirit deflated. 
"Why didn't you tell me this before?" 
"You didn't ask.", Damon deadpanned. 
Maddox was speechless. 
"So, tonight I'm chasing women on my own?" 
Damon frowned and glanced at the door. He feared that Talia might overhear Maddox and Damon might be in a pickle again. 
"Since when were we chasing women together?", Damon asked in a hushed voice. 
"Not together, but at the same time.", Maddox responded. True, they would find women separately, but there was a sense of companionship because both of them were Alphas enjoying their youth and… "Forget it. Let's toast for your Luna." 
Damon swiftly grabbed the bottle and filled both of their glasses. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Three glasses later... 
"Maddox…", Damon called in an official tone. "I might need your help." 
Maddox perked up. It sounded important. "With?" 
Damon told Maddox about his current predicament that included Marcy from the Red Moon pack, and how she was about to arrive, and he needs to deal with Marcy without disclosing that Talia is his mate. 
Maddox burst into hearty laughter. 
Damon's expression darkened as he waited for Maddox to get it out of his system. 
"What's funny?" 
"Oh, man…", Maddox said while wiping tears from the corners of his eyes. "You are whipped." 
"You will be the same when you find your mate.", Damon sulked. He didn't like that Maddox teased him about being whipped, but he couldn't deny it either. Just thinking about Talia made his heart flutter and his crotch tighten. 
"I know that Lunas have spunk, but yours is special.", Maddox said mysteriously. 
Damon was alerted. "What do you know?" 
"By insisting that you handle Marcy with such tricky conditions, she is testing you. It takes a special kind of woman to invite a bedclimber into her house only so that she can assess your sincerity.", Maddox explained. When he saw that Damon was visibly relieved, Maddox guessed that Damon suspected something else. "Was I off the mark?" 
"No, no.", Damon was quick to deny it. 
There was no way Damon will admit how he feared that Maddox knows about Talia's talking wolf or her unusual powers. 
It's not that Damon didn't trust Maddox, but the more people know about a secret, the higher are chances it will reach ears that shouldn't know about it. After all, there are methods to make people talk, no matter how much they are resisting. 
"Talia is awesome.", Damon said with a silly grin on his face. 
Maddox couldn't bear to see Damon with invisible pink hearts floating above his head. "You look horrible." 
Damon chuckled and shook his head. "Trust me, if you told me a month ago that I will be uninterested in any woman other than Talia, I would punch you. But here I am, on the verge of ditching you and this bottle of fine liquor so that I can go upstairs and cuddle." 
Damon rubbed his face to snap out of his lovey-dovey daze. Talia is with Mindy, having girl-time (whatever that is) and if he goes to demand cuddles, he will interrupt them and Talia might scold him. 
"Will you help me in dealing with Marcy?" 
Maddox cocked an eyebrow. "What's the plan? Do you want me to seduce her?" Marcy is a fine-looking she-wolf, and Maddox would make that sacrifice gladly. "You can barge in and catch us in the act and then kick her out. If you throw a punch at me, it will be more convincing. Just don't hit the face." 
"I wish it's that simple.", Damon said. "When I visited, Marcy showed a lot of restraint, and we didn't go beyond a blowjob. In my house, she will be even more cautious. Besides, I think she still has her v-card." 
Maddox grimaced. "Bitches with v-card intact are the worst." 
Damon nodded in agreement. "If you go after her, she might accuse you of molesting her and turn that to her advantage. If you have any other ideas, I'm all ears." 
Maddox rubbed his chin while thinking. "Whatever happens to her, it should be outside your territory. Since they are coming this soon, we can't do anything properly on short notice, but we could stage an ambush on their way back and…" Maddox ran his thumb over his neck. "We can make it look like it was rogues." 
Damon made a thoughtful expression. He was considering it. 
Unfortunately, if they go that route, Damon will need to pretend that everything is fine while Marcy is visiting so that she doesn't suspect something is fishy. If by some miracle Damon managed to execute the suicidal scenario of him being lovey-dovey with Marcy in front of Talia, he would still face another problem. 
"If Marcy is on her own, that would be an option, but she is coming with future Alpha James. If something happens to that kid, Alpha Edward will turn heaven and earth to find the culprit and execute him personally. And also, commander George will be with them, and he is not easy to deal with." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 246 - Damon’s Friend (2) [Bonus ]
Damon knew that his situation was specific, and he hoped that Maddox will come up with something he can work with. He looked at Maddox expectantly. "Any ideas?" 
"Only one." 
Damon perked up. "Which one?" 
"We need women.", Maddox said matter-of-factly. 
Damon's expression darkened. What the hell was wrong with Maddox? "Do you have short-term memory loss? I told you only a few minutes ago that Talia is my mate. How can you suggest women? Are you getting a kick from adding trouble to my misery?" 
Maddox waved his hand, indicating to Damon to calm down. "Not the type of women to sleep with. The ones with brains. I am good at breaking bones and making others submit, but when there is a need for subtlety, I consult my sister." 
Damon paused and he had to agree with this. Whenever he needed a plan, Maya would handle brainstorming, and he and Caden would execute on it. 
"Do you think Mindy will help?", Damon asked. 
Maddox smirked. "You know what Mindy likes. Give her a fat check or endorse one of her projects and she will help out." 
Damon thought how that might work. With Marcy arriving no earlier than tomorrow evening, Damon will have plenty of time to catch Mindy and talk about this. 
Damon raised his glass toward Maddox. "I'm glad you are my friend, Max. Thank you for helping me out." 
Maddox clinked his glass with Damon's. "That's what friends are for." 
They downed their glasses and Maddox smacked his lips in approval. "This is good stuff. Let's have a few more rounds while girls are getting ready..." 
"I hope you didn't plan to finish the bottle without me.", Caden said from the door while approaching the duo. 
"Is Maya with girls?", Damon guessed while retrieving a glass for Caden. Why else would Caden be on his own? 
"Yeah. They are getting ready in Mindy's room." 
Since Caden was there, Damon thought of asking, "Do you think that Maya will help me figure out how to deal with Marcy? If Maya and Mindy put their heads together, I'm sure they can come up with something good." 
"Didn't Talia ask you to deal with Marcy yourself?", Caden reminded Damon. 
"That doesn't mean I can't seek advice." 
"You can seek, but don't get your hopes up.", Caden said. "They have some sistership going on, and Maya is eager to see how you will wiggle out of this one. She wanted to bet if you will mess up as soon as Marcy arrives, or if you will last a day." 
Damon frowned. He knew that Maya was rebellious but mocking his predicament was too much. It seems that Maya forgot how Caden was away because of her attempt to set up Talia with random guys. Maybe he should send Maya to survival training. But then Caden will be miserable and probably go after Maya. Looking at Caden, he didn't seem to be worried about Damon either. 
Don't they realize how important this is? If he fails, they will lose their Luna! 
Damon got an idea. He will go on a vacation with Talia, and Caden and Maya will need to deal with whatever is here. Yeah. That sounded like the best punishment. 
But Marcy was set to come in twenty-four hours, and Damon was running out of time! 
Damon wished for a pill or a spell that will put him to sleep for a week so that when he wakes up all the guests (Marcy included) are gone, and he can go back to being lovey-dovey with Talia. Just the two of them. 
"Don't act like it's the end of the world.", Caden said to Damon. 
Damon made a face. "Easy for you to say. Your mate didn't give you a task that might break you apart if you fail." 
"Why are you so dramatic?", Caden asked Damon. "Talia gave you a task, but I'm sure she won't let you walk over that bridge on your own. Don't forget that the mate bond works two ways. You need her, but she needs you as well. As long as she sees you are trying, Talia will be happy with the outcome." 
Damon responded with a stiff smile. Yes, that might be valid if Talia doesn't have in her mind a grumpy talking wolf who dislikes him to the core. 
Damon didn't doubt that Talia will help him. However, if he fails to handle Marcy as expected, Talia will need to fight against her wolf again, and Damon didn't want to put that burden on Talia. 
He was the one sleeping around and even though he didn't sleep with Marcy, he is the one who made that video so… he should fix it. Somehow. 
"Finding a mate should be a happy event, but it seems it turned you into a wus.", Maddox said to Damon. 
Damon was not in the mood to argue. He had a problem called Marcy on his hands, and it's not like Maddox will understand. Damon knew this very well, because only a few weeks ago he was like Maddox, and worse. Damon was looking down on the mate bond and mocking guys who were into their mates, and now he was completely entranced with the presence of Talia. It seems that the Moon Goddess has a sick sense of humor because she was making guys eat their words. 
"Remember what you said and repeat them to yourself once you find your mate.", Damon said. "Then you will realize what an arse you were." 
Maddox snorted. "Mate should make you stronger, and not act like a sissy. Look at yourself." 
Damon smirked. "I can't wait for you to find your mate." 
"My mate will be obedient and not make me jump through rings of fire in order to get what's already mine.", Maddox said confidently. 
"The Moon Goddess is giving us what we need, and you need a bitter pill that will cut your ego in half.", Damon said seriously. 
Maddox chuckled. "Maybe my mate will support me, so my ego doubles." 
Maddox enjoyed bickering with Damon. Only a few people would dare to talk back to Maddox, and talking with Damon was refreshing, even when they talked smack and end in a fistfight. Their friendship is like that. Raw and rowdy and honest. How it should be. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Maddox. "You know what? I bet that your mate will be a sixteen years-old she-wolf." 
Maddox grimaced. "I'm not a pedophile." 
"I know.", Damon said smugly. "The point is that you will be so smitten with your mate that every other woman will disgust you, yet you won't be able to touch the target of your affection until she comes of age. Two years of celibacy will teach you how important mate is." 
Maddox couldn't believe this. Damon was beyond evil. "Are you cursing me?" 
"You are cursing yourself by acting like there is no tomorrow.", Damon said and let out a long exhale. "If I didn't jump on a woman every time I got aroused, I wouldn't be in this predicament." 
Maddox couldn't believe how sappy Damon got. 
Maddox looked at Caden for support, only to find the latter completely focused on the amber liquor in his glass like it's the most interesting thing he had ever seen. 
Of course, Caden was listening, but he had no intention of getting into a spat that involves two Alphas. 
Besides, Caden agreed with Damon. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The guys got ready in less than fifteen minutes and waited for the girls in the hallway. 
"Why are they taking so long?", Maddox grumbled. 
He wanted to go to the Shifters and start his hunt. All that talk about mates made him horny. 
Another reason for urgency was that Tony and Kalina were set to arrive soon and if the newcomers get there before Maddox and the gang leave the packhouse, they are bound to be delayed by welcoming them. 
"You know that other than taking forever, the girls are also chatting to the point of turning it into a social event.", Caden said to Maddox. 
Damon didn't comment. He was eager to reunite with Talia, but he was also happy that she was having fun with Mindy and Maya. Damon could feel Talia's joy washing over him and he knew the longing that sneaked in there was for him, and his heart was in place. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 247 - Ready For The Night Out
In Mindy's room… 
Mindy, Maya, and Talia were doing finishing touches on their hair and makeup and the mood was good. 
Once Maya realized that Mindy also knows how Damon and Talia are mates, Maya and Mindy had a blast coming up with various ideas about Talia's Luna ceremony. 
The duo talked excitedly about the color scheme, decorations, and types of appetizers, and Talia said that they could be great party planners. 
"You will need two party planners because your Luna ceremony will be massive.", Mindy said. 
Talia's heart shook. Listening to Mindy and Maya chattering was one thing, but what was that about a massive party? "Do we need a ceremony?" 
"Absolutely!", Maya exclaimed. "The largest pack in North America is getting their Luna. There is no way we will go small about this. Everyone who is someone will be invited." 
Talia exhaled helplessly while calming down with the thought that the ceremony is something in the future. Far-far-far away future. Until then, she might find a way to avoid it. 
Talia's heart warmed at the sight of her Maya and Mindy who got along well. Talia envied their outgoing personalities, and she was confident that Kalina will fit in perfectly. 
Mindy did Talia's makeup. It was nothing over the top. A bit of cherry-colored lip gloss, mascara, and just a touch of dark-golden eyeshadow for a smokey-eyed effect. 
Maya styled Talia's hair in a French braid that was draped over Talia's left shoulder. 
"Keep the braid here so that others don't get a clear view of your neck.", Maya said mysteriously. 
Mindy approved. "Let people wonder if you are marked or not. If they see a mark, they will start sucking up to you, and if they confirm that your neck is clean, they will look down on you. Like this, people will leave you alone." 
Talia was grateful for all the care Mindy and Maya showed. 
"Will you girls be available for some girl-fun before you huddle with your mates?", Mindy asked Talia and Maya. She wanted to know in advance so that she can make plans. 
"Caden is fine without me, as long as I am in his visual range. His greatest fear is that all guys will swarm around me, and I won't be able to repel them." Maya smiled dreamily. "I love how protective Caden is, but sometimes he forgets I can take care of myself." 
Talia blinked when she saw that both Mindy and Maya were looking at her. She was still not used to talking openly about Damon as her mate. 
"It will be fine.", Talia responded. She enjoyed her time with Damon, but she loved the novelty of having girlfriends also. 
Maya cocked an eyebrow. "Are you sure about it?" 
"To be honest, I'm not sure what to expect. This will be my first time to go to a club with Damon." 
"Technically, it's second.", Maya said and when she saw Talia's questioning gaze, Maya explained, "The first time you arrived separately, but Alpha Damon blew a fuse when he saw some guy sticking to you and he carried you out of the club after starting the biggest fight in the history of Shifters." 
Mindy looked at Maya incredulously. "Wait a minute. The fight in the Shifters on the night of Summer Solstice, that was Alpha Damon's doing?" 
"You should see him standing there like a big bad wolf and 'she is mine' attitude.", Maya said while standing straight with her arms akimbo and a grimace that was supposed to imitate Damon's expression. 
"I don't remember.", Talia said awkwardly. She really didn't. 
Maya burst into giggles. "You were wasted." 
Mindy felt sorry for Talia who was visibly uncomfortable. "Don't tease her. It happens to everyone." She turned to Talia. "You were lucky that Damon was there to take care of you when you were vulnerable. Most of the guys are selfish pricks, and they either won't care about you, or will try to take advantage of the situation. However, a mate will put your needs first." 
Talia noticed a trace of sadness in Mindy's words. So far, Talia was confident that Mindy is a strong and independent she-wolf, but it seems that she was longing for her other half also. 
"Don't worry, Mindy. I'm confident that your mate is out there, and you will meet him soon.", Talia comforted Mindy. 
Suddenly, Maya felt like a bad guy, so she retracted her teasing enthusiasm. 
"Do you have a dream guy?", Maya asked Mindy. "What's your perfect mate?" 
Mindy shrugged. "I don't know. A young one will be energetic and last longer, and an older one will be wise and experienced. My only hope is that he is not an Alpha." 
Maya blinked. "Why? You have Alpha blood running through your veins." 
"Mindy loves to travel and do her thing, and she fears that Alpha will tie her to his pack.", Talia responded instead of Mindy. 
Maya didn't ask more questions. Everyone has preferences. But she had to say, "When you meet your mate, it won't matter if he is Omega or an Alpha. For you, he will be perfect." 
"I look forward to that.", Mindy responded. She couldn't imagine the feeling of loving a person unconditionally, and she yearned for someone who could make her experience it. 
"We should get going.", Maya reminded them. "Caden mind-linked me three times already…" 
Talia bolted to her feet and balled her hands into fists. She was nervous. What if Damon doesn't approve of her appearance? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon's eyes snapped to the top of the staircase as soon as one fine sparkling high-heeled shoe appeared. And then there was a calf, second shoe… knees, and just as the thighs got to the good part, black fabric obstructed the view and Damon held his breath as Talia came into the view fully. 
Her short-sleeved deep blue dress had a bodice that fit her snugly and it flared from her exquisite waist lower until it reached half of her thighs. Talia's dress, hair, and makeup were spot on, accentuating her beautiful features without revealing too much, but the most dazzling about the girl coming toward Damon was her smile directed at him that had the power to light up his world. 
Behind Talia were Mindy and Maya, but Damon didn't notice them. 
Maddox glanced at Damon and Caden, and he snorted when he confirmed that both were equally smitten by the sight of their mates. 
Maddox rolled his eyes dramatically. He definitely felt like an odd one. 
Maddox never had any strong thoughts in favor or against mates, but this time he hated it because he felt left behind by his best buddy (aka Damon). 
Should he find a girl and try dating her for real? Nah, that's not Maddox's style and he didn't want to form attachments that were doomed for failure. 
To make up for this sense of alienation, Maddox decided to pick up two feisty she-wolves in the club. That should keep him busy for the night, and he will remember why it's good to be single. 
Talia stood in front of Damon and the two of them stared at each other with matching silly grins on their faces. 
"Did you wait long?", Talia asked. 
"Not at all. I just got here.", Damon responded. 
Maddox rolled his eyes. They are waiting forever! 
Damon took Talia's hand into his and kissed the back of her palm. "You are stunning." Damon's lips caressed Talia's skin as he spoke, and her cheeks got a rosy tint before she breathed out a thank you. 
"Can we go now?", Maddox asked impatiently. Any more of that lovey-dovey mush and he will throw up. 
And he was not irritated only by Damon and Talia. 
Caden and Maya were exchanging kisses and compliments about how amazing the other one looked, without caring they were not alone. 
"Max, can you at least pretend you are glad to see me?", Mindy asked Maddox while gesturing toward two loving couples. "See how they are acting? Say something nice about my dress." 
Maddox was not in a mood to indulge Mindy. "Sorry, Min. I don't get a hard-on when I see you." 
Mindy slapped his shoulder. "Can't you be polite? I am your sister. Save that behavior for the girls who are fawning over you. And I told you not to call me that." 
Mindy never liked that nickname which Maddox used when he wanted to tease her. Why does he get to be Max (aka maximum) while she is Min (aka minimum)? 
Mindy had an everlasting grudge against their parents for giving them names that can be reduced to Max and Min with her ending as the smaller one. 
Maddox chuckled and hooked his muscular arm around Mindy's delicate neck. "Let's go, Min. Looking at those four reminded me that I'm single and I need to find a company for tonight." 
"Aren't we sharing a ride?", Mindy asked. 
"No. We will meet at the parking lot of Shifters. Sharing a ride means we need to return together, and I will be a free agent tonight." 
Mindy knew that means Maddox was planning to pick up a woman. Well, there was nothing new about it. 
Wait! How will she return to the packhouse? Her best bet was to hitch a ride with Maya and Caden (because Damon and Talia were too intense), or she could pick up a guy. 
"Max", Mindy called. "What if I find my mate tonight?" 
Maddox paused his steps and looked at Mindy in disapproval. "Not you too." 
Mindy didn't get it. "What?" 
If she finds her mate, he will be the only single person. But he didn't want to say that aloud because it will sound like he is carping. "Nothing. Let's go." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 248 - Back In The Shifters Nightclub (1) [Bonus ]
Damon and Talia arrived at the parking lot of the Shifters nightclub and saw that Caden, Maya, Alpha Maddox, and Mindy were waiting for them. 
Damon exited the black, armored Lexus SUV first while Talia sat obediently in her front passenger's seat. 
Talia smiled at Damon's sleek butt-slide over the hood of the car as he made his way to her side of the car to open the door for her. 
Damon offered her his hand, palm up with a big smile on his face that made her heart flutter while saying, "I am excited about this date, kitten." 
A date? Talia's cheeks warmed as the delicious sparks of their bond danced over her skin wherever they touched. "Me too." She really was excited, and nervous also because this was the first time for them to be together in public, officially, on the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. It was a big deal. 
"Totally whipped…", Maddox said under his breath while glaring at Damon who possessively held Talia around her waist the moment her feet touched the ground. 
Mindy elbowed Maddox in the ribs. "Keep snarky comments to yourself." 
"What's your problem?", Maddox grumbled. 
"Maybe Alpha Damon is used to your harshness, but Talia is a nice girl. Don't make it awkward for her. You know that she can hear you, right?", Mindy said and looked at the duo who was now approaching them. "Besides, they look good together and you sound like a sour single guy." 
Maddox rolled his eyes dramatically, but he didn't comment further. Was he a sour single? Well, not for long! He was determined to find himself company for the night and that will make him non-single. At least until morning. 
Maya gave Mindy a thumbs up. She would scold Maddox also if she was not scared of him. 
Talking back to Damon came on rare occasions because she knew him well, but Alpha Maddox was super-scary and Maya didn't dare to try her luck by saying something that might sound like disrespect. 
Talia thought that the last time she came to the Shifters nightclub they had special treatment because Maya got them into the club without waiting in line, but now that she came with Damon, she realized what a special-special treatment was. 
Everyone moved to make way for them, and most of the people bowed a little like they greeted royalty, and Talia knew those were werewolves. The few who were observing curiously were humans and even though they were clueless about Damon's identity, they could feel the solemn mood. 
Even without using his Alpha aura, Damon demanded attention and submission and Talia's heart swelled at the thought of how that's her mate. 
She couldn't stop staring at his handsome face that was stern and domineering, and Damon noticed. 
He halted his steps and looked at her with mischief twirling in his eyes. 
"If you keep on looking at me like that, I will eat you up right here.", Damon said in a low voice, only for Talia to hear, but it was inevitable that Maya, Caden, Maddox, and Mindy heard it also. They were right there, next to them! 
Talia's face exploded in blush and Damon regretted teasing her because Talia was extremely cute when flustered. Instead of going into the nightclub, Damon had an urge to take her back home so that no one can see that adorable face. 
Damon wanted to kiss her thoroughly, but he was painfully aware of all the audience, and he knew that Talia wouldn't approve. His hold on her tightened. "Let's go inside." His booth is dark, and he can kiss her there. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia held her breath when they stepped into the Shifters nightclub and within a split second, all eyes were on them. 
Talia remembered the scene of Damon coming to the Shifters nightclub during the Summer Solstice festival. She was sitting at the bar, and she observed Damon who stood on the elevated platform with Caden, Maddox, Mindy, and Axel. At that time, Damon looked cool with a dangerous biker vibe, and she soaked in his presence hungrily even though she believed there was something going on between Damon and Mindy. 
Talia realized that this was different. Instead of being one of many in the crowd, she was the one and only by Damon's side. 
She swallowed a mouthful of air. 
With so many eyes on her, Talia felt an urge to flee. She was not used to the attention, and she could hear whispers related to her identity that were like undercurrents stirring under the loud music blaring from the speakers. 
[Who is that woman?] 
[Alpha never brought a woman to the club.] 
[Wait! Isn't that our team spirit?] 
[Doesn't she look like the one who was with Alpha in the magazine?] 
[Is it possible that's the same person?] 
[I think I saw her in the packhouse.] 
[Did our Alpha finally acknowledge a woman?] 
Talia was aware of Damon's colorful past that was filled with numerous women. However, no matter how many females passed through his hands, Damon never displayed affection to any woman in public, and he would never show up with one by his side or allow her to associate herself with him, and this… was different. 
Damon and Talia were standing on the platform, for everyone to see, with his arm around her waist. On their right were Damon's Betas, Maya and Caden, and on the other side were two prominent figures, Alpha Maddox and Mindy. The fact that Talia was in their company was another proof that she was not a random female, but that Damon valued her, and that further stirred the crowd to speculate about her background. 
Talia felt the urge to run away. Can she run away? 
She agreed to come here with Damon. Actually, she was looking forward to it. 
What were her options? 
With every passing moment, anxiety swelled within Talia, and she took a shaky breath while trying to compose herself. How can Damon be so calm when everyone was watching? 
Right! Damon! He was the key to solving her predicament! 
Talia was a nervous wreck, but Damon wasn't and if she could tap into his feelings, maybe she will find a way to survive this ordeal. 
Well, there was no harm trying and she was out of ideas. 
Talia focused on the invisible bond she shared with the exquisite male specimen by her side, and she felt… pride. 
Talia looked at Damon as if she was trying to ascertain if she got it right. 
Was he really proud of her? 
Damon glanced at Talia and when their eyes met, Talia forgot how to breathe. 
His endlessly icy-blue eyes smiled at her, and she knew it was true. He was proud to have her by his side. 
An inexplicable emotion bloomed inside Talia's chest and her smile reflected the joy as her soul hummed in pleasure. 
Her mate was proud of her. 
Damon didn't see her as a nobody he found in the attic. He didn't see her as a weak she-wolf without her wolf. He never did. For him, she was Talia, his mate, his everything, and at that point, it was all it mattered. 
Tears swelled in Talia's eyes as the emotions crashed on her with unexpected force. She dreamed about having a mate, a man who will accept her unconditionally and proudly show her around as his. And here was Damon, fulfilling her dream, the one she thought will never come true because she never saw herself as worthy. Isn't he amazing? 
"Are you alright?", Damon's deep voice sounded close to Talia's ear. He didn't know her thoughts, but he definitely felt her fluctuating emotions and he wondered if coming here like this was too soon. 
"Never better.", Talia responded and wrapped her arms around his neck. 
Damon's eyebrows shoot up when he realized that Talia's lips shyly brushed against his, and he had no intention of leaving it at that. 
Gasps and murmurs shook the nightclub over the loud music as the crowd in the Shifters observed the scene of their Alpha being kissed while standing on the entry platform, that was something like a stage, for everyone to see. And it's not that he didn't push the bold female away, but he actually embraced her and kissed her back. 
Alpha Damon kissing a woman in public! That was unheard of! 
Yes, they saw the kissing picture in the WW Magazine, but seeing a picture and witnessing it live were two different things. 
It was monumental, like seeing a unicorn or some other animal everyone believed was extinct, and many phones were directed at the couple that was embracing each other to record the sight that will definitely change the world. 
Katya was behind the bar as the owner of Shifters nightclub and as part of the crowd who observed the scene of Damon and Talia kissing. 
She had no doubts about Talia's identity. How can she not recognize the only woman her brother showed interest in? And she also knew that because Damon appeared with Talia in public, Damon acknowledged Talia as a woman who is important. Definitely a girlfriend, and maybe even more. 
Katya was aware that her brother is capable, but there was nothing he could do when the other guy is an Alpha. 
Katya was not looking forward to the day when Keith will return from the training in the mountains because she knew that her baby brother will be heartbroken. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 249 - Back In The Shifters Nightclub (2)
Talia and Damon were ignorant about the stir of the world around them. They inched away from each other, a second before their kisses turned too steamy. 
"Let me show you our booth, kitten", Damon murmured, and Talia's smile reached her eyes. 
He said OUR booth. 
Talia had to admit Damon made her feel welcome and accepted. He truly was her home, and she couldn't be happier. 
Talia leaned on Damon who led the way and Talia was confident that she was walking on clouds, happy that Damon held her tightly because she might float away. 
Alpha Maddox and Mindy were behind the celebrity couple (aka Damon and Talia), and Maya and Caden followed the four while observing the crowd and listening to people's chatter through the mind-link. 
Irritated by the sparks of gossip that were turning into a fire, Maya spoke to pack members through the mind-link, 'For the ones who don't know, her name is Talia. Talia was the MVP of the tournament at the Summer Solstice festival, and she is Lia who accompanied our Alpha to the recent Luna announcement ceremony at the Lightclaw pack. When Alpha is ready, he will provide additional information about Talia's identity and her role in the pack. Until then, I hope you can refrain from creating baseless rumors because last people who pried into Alpha's private matters ended up in the dungeon.' 
Caden added, 'Your devices will be checked for recordings and photos of Alpha Damon and Talia. If you delete them now, you will reduce the time needed to leave the Shifters nightclub and we hope you will be sensible enough not to share them on social media.' 
Next, Caden called for patrols to watch exits of the Shifters nightclub in addition to the staff that was already stationed there while Maya instructed for the Wi-Fi to be turned off and any wireless communications to be jammed. 
With that, the Beta duo handled any unwanted information leak. 
That didn't mean people won't talk about what they saw. After all, the scene of their Alpha being with a woman openly meant that he gave her a status that no other woman had before. It was a big deal. 
However, Maya's and Caden's words were a warning that people shouldn't act recklessly or they might provoke their Alpha. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the VVIP booth… 
Damon and Talia sat in the middle of the curved sofa where at least ten people can sit without touching each other. 
Damon pulled Talia so close to him that she nearly sat in his lap. Talia didn't mind as she basked in his proximity. 
Maya and Caden also snuggled closely, while Mindy and Maddox sat at a distance so that there was space for another person to sit on each of their sides. 
Talia glanced at the crowd beyond the metallic rail, and she was glad that no one was staring their way. 
She forgot that the VVIP booth is the only place in the nightclub where colorful lights don't hit, so they had privacy in the darkness while being able to clearly see the rest of the nightclub. 
"What will you drink, kitten?", Damon's voice sounded close to her ear, creating goosebumps over her skin. 
Talia turned her head toward Damon, and they were so close that their noses nearly touched. She suppressed her urge to kiss him. 
"I don't know. Last time I had some tasty cocktails Keith made, but I am eager to try something new. If you can recommend something, I will take it." Actually, Talia didn't know the names of the cocktails Keith prepared for her so even if she wanted the same ones, she wouldn't know how to order them. 
Damon was clueless about what females like to drink. It should be those fruity drinks that come with tiny umbrellas and twisty straws. Maybe. 
Wait! Did she say, Keith? Damon gritted his teeth at the mentioning of the wretched coach. He made cocktails for Talia? Damn him! 
Damon took a mental note to learn about mixology. He will make drinks for Talia, and not allow some measly coach to steal his thunder! 
Talia is Damon's mate, and he will be the one creating beverages for her! 
"How about one drink with the guys, and then we go to the bar?", Mindy suggested. 
Before Talia could think how to respond, Maya spoke, "Sounds like a great idea. The three of us will have some girl time, and guys can chat here. They can pick us up when it's couples' time." 
Damon frowned. "What?" He was ready for couples' time right now! 
"I promised Mindy and Maya to spend some time with them.", Talia said timidly while hoping that Damon won't make a scene. She didn't want to bicker with him in front of others. "Give us half an hour. You can watch us from here. OK?" 
Seeing Talia's expectant expression, Damon exhaled in defeat. "Half an hour." 
"At least.", Mindy chimed in. "Like that, Max will also get a chance to have a few drinks with you before he goes to mingle." 
Damon wanted to say that they had plenty of drinks while waiting for the girls to get ready, but Talia's excitement made him hold that comment for himself. 
He didn't want to spoil the fun for Talia, but this was their date and she already had girls' time while getting ready. Why was she leaving him on his own again? What kind of a date this is if they will spend time separately? 
A scarcely dressed waitress sashayed into the VVIP booth with a menu in her hand, and she asked, "What can I bring you to drink?" 
"The usual.", Damon said, and he knew that his 'usual' is a whole bottle of liquor that will cover not only his order but Caden and Maddox also. 
Mindy took the menu from the waitress and when Damon saw that she was looking at the page with cocktails, he got an idea. 
"Can you order something for Talia?", Damon asked, hoping that Mindy will solve his what-will-Talia-drink dilemma. 
Maya moved to sit next to Mindy with, "Let's pick the same cocktails for all three of us", and the duo started discussing which cocktails to order first. Maya is a regular in Shifters, so she helped Mindy narrow down choices. 
Talia looked at the waitress who stood there and she observed the waitress' big smile and even bigger cleavage. Were those for Damon? 
As much as Talia tried suppressing negativity, images of Ashley and Heather flashed in Talia's mind and her eyes moved over the crowd. 
How many women from there would ogle at Damon like that? 
How many of those women got to experience Damon's intimate embrace? 
She heard stories of how Damon would come to the Shifters nightclub alone, with Caden, or with some high-ranking guests, and no matter who his company was at the entrance, Damon would leave with the woman he picked up for the night. 
Talia's insides churned at the thought that Damon was coming to this nightclub to pick up women. 
Why the hell did she come here? 
Talia felt the urge to leave. Or even better, burn this place to the ground. 
"Kitten?" 
Damon's voice pulled Talia out of her destructive thoughts. 
"What's going on?", he asked. 
Damon could feel her rage swelling exponentially by the second. 
Talia took a few deep breaths while calming down her raging emotions. She had no idea from where those violent thoughts came. Was it from her wolf? 
"I want her to leave.", Talia said, and Damon understood that she was talking about the waitress. 
"Leave.", Damon said sternly, and the waitress stared at him for a second without moving a muscle. 
Did she do something? 
"If you are here three seconds from now, you will lose your job and probably a piece of skin also.", Damon growled. "We will order our drinks through the mind-link. I don't want to see you here again." 
The waitress swiftly scrambled out of the VVIP booth, still unsure what she did to upset the Alpha. 
Damon pulled Talia to lean on him and kissed her forehead. "Better?" 
Talia didn't know how to respond to that. 
The best thing would be if every woman Damon touched would leave this nightclub, or even better, leave the planet, but Talia feared that the female population would dwindle to dangerously low levels, so she didn't ask for such a thing. 
A marvelously vicious idea popped into Talia's mind: she should cripple women who are coveting Damon as a warning for any future bed climbers. 
"Is your wolf stirring?", Damon asked. 
"What makes you think so?" 
"Because I can feel hostility." 
"It's not toward you." Or maybe it was. It would be more efficient if she cripples Damon instead of hundreds of women. 
Talia shook those thoughts away. Harming Damon or women who are coveting him was not an option. 
Talia realized that these foreign emotions were not hers. 
Jealousy. Impatience. Rage. 
Talia feared how the awakening of her wolf will impact her personality and her relationship with Damon. 
Her wolf was still sleeping, but Talia could feel the changes and she didn't like them. She was never a violent person, and her wolf shouldn't force her to do things she wouldn't normally do. 
"I will talk to her when she awakens.", Talia said. 
"We will do it together.", Damon assured her. "Until then, pay attention to your state and learn to distinguish your emotions from external ones. Now you can feel your wolf's emotions and mine. It's easy to spot what's not yours when it's different from what you should be feeling, but if it matches, it will amplify your emotions and might cause an unexpected outburst." 
Talia snuggled into Damon's embrace and listened to what he was saying. It calmed her down to know that what she was going through was normal, and she was not crazy. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 250 - Back In The Shifters Nightclub (3)
Damon was leaning backward on the sofa with both of his arms spread over the backrest and his eyes were trained at the bar where Talia, Maya, and Mindy were. Of course, his attention was on Talia. 
Three young women were sipping cocktails and chatting enthusiastically, occasionally bursting into laughter and Damon wondered what they were talking about because he could feel Talia's happiness mixed with excitement. 
Damon wanted to go there and join Talia, but he suppressed that urge because he knew that she was having a good time with her girlfriends. He will get her later, and he comforted himself with the fact that Talia was in his visual range. 
A new sense of fulfillment filled his chest. Talia was enjoying thanks to him. 
Damon's heart ached at the thought of how Talia had a rough time before they met. The truth was that he had no idea what she went through, but he knew that she was a gentle soul who craved company, yet she was hiding in the attic out of fear that she will be bullied. 
Talia was smart and kind and wonderful in every way possible, but others suppressed her light and treated her like trash. They harmed her body, her mind, and even her wolf. 
Well, not anymore. 
Damon was determined to give Talia everything she missed so far; from simple things like food and a comfy bed, to luxuries like designer clothes and jewelry. 
Will his support alone be enough for Talia to gain the confidence that should have been hers from the beginning? Damon was not sure, but he hoped that with the help of friends like Mindy, Maya, and Kalina, Talia might get there. Someday. 
Damon's mission in life became to pamper Talia and spoil her rotten, and he had no doubts how that's the right thing to do because she deserves it. 
"Is it OK for Talia to drink that much?" 
Caden's voice got Damon's attention, but he didn't understand what Caden was getting at. 
"Hm?" 
Caden hesitated before explaining. "Based on what happened during Summer Solstice, it doesn't seem that Talia handles alcohol well. The girls had cocktails here, and this is their third round at the bar." 
Damon needed a minute to realize what Caden was talking about. The last time Talia was here, she drank too much, and Damon started a massive fight when some sleazeball approached her. 
"If things get out of hand, I will take care of it.", Damon responded. Talia was having fun and he had no intention of telling her to stop. 
Caden's eyebrow twitched. That's what he was worried about. When Damon takes care of things, usually someone gets hurt badly. 
"It seems you are making up for all those years of not caring for a girl.", Maddox said with a chuckle. 
"It's not like that.", Damon responded. 
"And how is it?" 
Damon shrugged. He was not sure how to respond to that question other than with, "When she is happy, I am happy." Damon saw Maddox rolling his eyes dramatically and Damon gestured toward Caden. "Ask him if you don't believe me." 
Caden shook his head, indicating that he doesn't want to talk about it. "There is no point explaining this because Max won't get it. Only when you find your mate, you will discover a new array of emotions, and at that point, you will realize that before finding your mate you were just horny." 
Maddox frowned. "And mate will make me less horny?" 
Caden chuckled. "It's the opposite. Mate will make you hornier, but that will be an itch that only a mate can scratch." 
Maddox's frown deepened. He was horny most of the time, and Caden said it will be worse and that only one woman can satisfy him? "Are you trying to convince me that finding a mate is a good thing or not?" 
"It's the best thing ever!", Damon exclaimed. "But Caden is right. Explaining now is just wasting words because you won't get it." Damon turned to talk to Caden. "Let's not throw pearls in front of a swine." 
Maddox's expression darkened. "Did you just call me a pig?" 
"I don't know. Do you feel I was talking about you?", Damon teased. 
And another banter between guys began. 
Luckily, the VVIP booth was veiled in darkness, and the loud music covered up voices from reaching the crowd because if others saw how childish Damon and Maddox were, they might stop thinking about them as two intimidating and dignified Alphas who are leaders of the younger generation. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
At the bar… 
Talia was having fun with Maya and Mindy, and the trio enjoyed the special service Katya provided by serving them the best cocktails the Shifters nightclub can provide. 
The ladies were discussing drinks, clothes, guys, and plans for the next few days. 
Mindy approved of the morning in the spa that was a female-only event scheduled at the time when guys will be training. And there was also an afternoon at the beach that included everyone. 
Maya was explaining how the beach is on the lake, about half an hour drive from the packhouse, and it has a good stretch of sand so they can play beach volleyball, relax in the sun, and swim. That event will end in the evening with beer and roasting marshmallows over a campfire. 
Talia listened to this attentively because she never went there. The outing on the beach was totally Maya's idea and it sounded fantastic. 
Talia was imagining her and Damon on the beach, and she was not sure how that will work. Will they be able to keep their hands off each other considering that they will be scarcely dressed, without privacy? And it's a public beach, mid-July, so there is a strong possibility that many people will go there to cool off on the hot summer afternoon, and not only their group. 
Damon is cheeky, and he will definitely try something funny… assuming that he allows her to wear a bikini. 
Wait! Does that mean Damon will wear only swim trunks? This didn't sit well with Talia. 
She could imagine Damon coming out of the water, with drops glistening on his perfect body, and he will be exposed, on full display, for everyone to see! Not acceptable! 
Suddenly, the idea of going to the beach with everyone didn't sound so good. 
Unaware of Talia's emotional turmoil, Maya finished her beach-talk with, "There are several stores nearby so we can get food and drinks without dragging it with us from the packhouse. We have spare swimwear, but there is also time tomorrow for shopping. Boutiques in Darkbourne will have something for everyone." 
Mindy bobbed her head in approval. She liked that Maya thought of everything. 
At some point, Maya assessed the state of her bladder. 
"I am going to the ladies' room. Anyone wants to join?", Maya asked. 
Mindy stood up from the barstool, silently accepting the invitation, and Talia waved at them. "I will watch your seats." She didn't feel like going. 
When Mindy and Maya were out of the visual range, Katya approached Talia to collect empty glasses. 
"Do you want another drink?" 
"Yes, please. Can you give me one more like this one?", Talia gestured to the tall empty glass in front of her. "It's tasty, and I love that it comes with fruit." 
Katya smiled. She liked that Talia praised drinks she made personally. "Thank you." 
Talia observed as Katya expertly poured various liquids into the shaker and she remembered her previous visit to this nightclub and how Keith was making drinks for her. 
"How is Keith doing?", Talia asked. 
Katya's movements paused. "I'm sure he is fine." 
"You don't know?" 
"During survival training, they are not allowed contact with the external world." 
Talia didn't know that. "I see." 
"Don't worry about Keith. He is strong and has a good head on his shoulders." 
Talia agreed with that one. Keith left the impression of a smart person. 
"He will be happy you asked about him.", Katya said. 
"Of course. He is my coach.", Talia responded without missing a beat. "I am training diligently and I look forward to showing him my progress when he returns. I'm confident he will be pleasantly surprised." And he might praise her also. 
Talia and Keith had only a few training sessions, but Keith always had plenty of words to encourage her to keep going. She missed that. 
It's not that Damon didn't encourage her, but their sessions usually ended with making out, and then in the shower... Talia blushed while thinking about it. Naughty thoughts. 
Katya wanted to ask Talia how she ended up with the Alpha, but she kept those questions to herself. It was not appropriate, and everyone heard Maya's and Caden's warnings. 
"Here you go.", Katya said while giving Talia a tall glass with the cocktail that had a pinkish hue and was decorated with a wedge of an orange. 
Talia took a few big gulps, finishing half of the glass in one go. 
"It's very tasty." Talia smacked her lips. 
"I'm not familiar with your tolerance to alcohol, but I need to warn you. These are sweet, and you don't feel them sneaking on you. Be careful when you stand up." 
Talia was touched by Katya's concern. "I will keep that in mind." 
Talia had no plans to get up from that barstool until Damon comes to fetch her, and after that, he will be holding her, so she didn't need to worry. Besides, she was feeling fine. Happy, but fine. Was Katya exaggerating about the effect of those drinks? Or maybe with her wolf awakening, Talia became immune to alcohol? Anything was possible. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 251 - Back In The Shifters Nightclub (4) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
This bonus chapter is a shoutout to ReaderBug, who is ranked as #1 in the Power-Vote Ranking for "The Alpha's Bride". 
Thank you, ReaderBug, for voting regularly with your Power Stones! 
- - - 
Katya got busy preparing drinks for patrons who swarmed the bar, and Talia took the orange wedge from her drink and nibbled on it. It was soaked in liquor, and it had an interesting mixture of sweet, zesty, with a small bite of alcohol. 
"Can I offer you a drink?" A male voice came from behind Talia, but she didn't react until someone tapped her shoulder. 
Talia froze for a moment before turning to see who was there because it was not Damon. Damon is usually announced by his addictive scent before he reaches her, and this man smelled... ordinary. 
"Were you talking to me?", Talia asked the tall blonde man. 
He gave her a cocked smile and sat on the barstool where Mindy was sitting previously. "With whom else could I be talking to, doll?" He gestured to Talia's half-empty glass. "Do you want another one?" 
Talia blinked while trying to figure out if she knows him. Why else would he be that friendly and talk to her casually without introducing himself? But no matter how much she tried, nothing clicked. Was she that drunk to forget people? 
No, no… He was definitely a new face, but she still asked, "Do I know you?" 
He chuckled. "You will in a minute. I am Cory. And you are…?", he was obviously expecting her to fill in the blank. 
Talia's brain worked in slow motion as she assessed her current situation. 
She was in the nightclub, at the bar, a man approached her with a charming smile and an offer to buy her a drink... Eventually, she got it. This never happened before, but she knew what was happening. 
Cory was hitting on her! 
Of course, his advance was doomed to failure, but he was polite, and Talia didn't have the heart to be rude. 
"I am here with friends.", Talia responded, hoping that he will get the hint. 
"I know. Two girls. They went to the loo.", he said matter-of-factly and Talia realized he was watching her and that Cory either missed or didn't care about the part where she entered the club with Damon, and they even kissed there for everyone to see. 
Cory was not a guy who easily accepted a no for an answer. Besides, Talia was attractive, on her own in the nightclub, sitting at the bar. Wasn't that a sign she was looking for company? 
From his previous experiences, Cory knew that it won't take much for a girl to give in to his advances, and the alcohol coursing through his system gave him a dose of courage. Failure was not an option. 
"Since you are alone, I came to give you company. And maybe a drink. What do you say?" 
Talia glanced in the direction where Mindy and Maya left. What was taking them so long? She knew they left only a minute ago, but suddenly it seemed like a looooong time. 
Seeing that Cory was looking at her expectantly, Talia responded, "No, thank you. I am still working on this one." 
Cory was not discouraged. "I can get you another one, for later…" Before Talia could protest, he waved at Katya with, "Give the lady one more of whatever she is having, and a beer for me." 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the VVIP booth… 
Maddox and Damon were still bickering when Caden tapped Damon's shoulder and pointed toward the bar. 
Damon's head snapped in that direction and his expression darkened as he zeroed in at the bar over many heads that swayed on the dancefloor which separated the VVIP booth and the bar. 
Where the hell were Mindy and Maya? 
Who the hell was that guy? 
Damn it! Damon was not paying attention for a minute, and already some bastard was sticking to Talia!? 
In slow motion, Damon stood up and walked straight toward the bar. 
The waist-high metal rail didn't obstruct him as he leaped over it easily, without removing his glare from the bar. 
With one thought, Damon released his Alpha aura and the dancing crowd parted to make way for him, straight toward the unsuspecting Cory. 
"That's how Moses parted the Red Sea.", Maddox told Caden while observing the scene with amusement. 
Caden would laugh if he didn't fear for that guy's life. Why did he approach Talia? Didn't he see the grand entrance of Damon and Talia? 
From this distance, Caden couldn't determine if the guy is human or not, but he knew that he didn't have the mind-link with the Dark Howlers pack, otherwise he would hear Caden's warning to scram. 
… 
Rage rippled from Damon with every step he took toward the bar. 
That guy was smiling and leaning toward Talia and Damon didn't like it, not even a little bit. 
When he was a few steps away from Talia and the guy (aka Cory), Damon could hear them talk, even with the loud music blasting through the space. 
"Thank you, but I am not interested.", Talia said, and Damon approved. But why didn't that guy move away? 
Cory didn't give up. "How can I leave you alone?" 
"My friends will be back any minute." 
"But…" 
"The lady said she is not interested.", Damon growled, interrupting whatever Cory was about to say next. 
Cory looked at Damon who stood next to Talia. 
Damon's left arm immediately made way around Talia's shoulders, pulling her to lean on him. 
"The girl was free, and I came for a chat. Why are you meddling?" 
Damon balled his right hand into a fist, ready to punch the daylights out of the bastard in front of him. "Who said that she is free?" 
Cory didn't think much about Damon, and the buzz of alcohol made him oblivious to wary gazes directed his way. 
"I came here first.", Cory said and glanced at Talia. "If I knew that just hugging will work, I would skip the chit-chat." 
Damon clenched his teeth while taking a split-second decision if he should go for a punch. Punch, it is. 
A small warm palm covered his fist. 
"Actually, Damon came first. In everything.", Talia said while looking at Damon lovingly and Damon's fighting spirit dissolved in an instant. 
Unfortunately, Cory didn't understand that Talia just saved his skin. 
Damon's ears perked up when Cory spoke again. 
"You are a beautiful girl. He doesn't deserve you if he can leave you like…" 
'POW!' 
Damon's fist landed in the middle of Cory's face, breaking his nose and a few front teeth. 
In slow motion, Cory fell off the barstool, and then he didn't move. 
Damon sneered. Pesky human. 
Talia was amazed that Damon was holding onto her while delivering that vicious punch, yet she was not shaken at all. Damon was solid as a rock. Her rock. 
She took Damon's hand in his and observed it carefully. It was bloody. 
"Did you get hurt?" 
Damon smiled. He thought that she might be upset because he was violent, yet she was worried about him. Can she be any sweeter? 
Talia was sorry that Cory got hit. He was persistent but didn't cross the line with her. However, when Damon showed up, Cory didn't back down, and that was the problem. 
"You can use this", Katya's voice got Talia's attention and the latter accepted the wet cloth. 
Talia carefully wiped off the blood from Damon's hand and she exhaled in relief when she realized that blood was not Damon's. 
The previously unmoving silent crowd slowly resumed their chatter and dancing, but many eyes were still directed toward Damon and Talia. This punch dispelled any doubts about Talia being a special existence in Damon's life. Doesn't that mean that she is special for the Dark Howlers pack as well? 
A new wave of rumors and guesses started circulating. It seemed that their Alpha found a girlfriend. Damon was in his late twenties and considering his past, he wouldn't give such treatment to a woman unless he was ready to settle. 
Will he mark her? Did he mark her already? Was she their Luna? 
But Maya and Caden were clear when they said that Alpha Damon won't tolerate gossip and that he will announce more information when ready, so they could only whisper among each other excitedly. 
Of course, not everyone was excited that a no-name she-wolf was getting this special treatment. 
Many jealous gazes of women (and some men) were directed at Talia and if a look could kill, Talia would be sliced into a million pieces. 
Yes, she went with Alpha Damon to an event and even showed up in the WW Magazine, but... so what? It could be a publicity stunt or a one-time thing, and it was not important. 
However, even if they could ignore that Talia was the one from the WW Magazine, no one could deny what they saw with their own eyes. 
Talia arrived with Alpha Damon, they kissed, and she went with Alpha Damon to the VVIP booth! 
Some of the people hoped that Alpha Damon chased her away because she went to the bar without him, and maybe Beta Maya and Mindy were comforting her, but then Alpha Damon came and hit the man who was next to Talia, which was definite proof he was possessive of her. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 252 - Back In The Shifters Nightclub (5)
"What did we miss?", Maya asked from the side while her eyes followed nonresponsive Cory who was being dragged away by the staff of the nightclub. 
Mindy was right behind Maya. 
"Why did you leave Talia on her own?", Damon snapped at Maya and the latter understood that the unconscious poor fellow probably approached Talia. 
"She is a big girl who didn't want to use the restroom.", Maya responded. Did Damon want them to drag Talia with them? 
Damon didn't want to bicker with Maya about this. He turned to Talia. "Don't stay on your own at the bar." 
Talia smiled foolishly. The alcohol was sneaking up on her. "It was not a big deal. Don't I have you watching over me?" 
Damon was out of arguments. He was watching over her, and he loved that she relied on him. 
"Are we still girl-drinking or did your couple-time start?", Mindy asked. 
Maddox and Caden reached the bar on time to hear Mindy's question. 
"How about all of us have one drink here and then we go to mingle?", Maddox suggested, and everyone agreed. 
When Maddox and Caden saw that Damon had no intention of returning to the VVIP booth, they decided to join them at the bar. 
"That guy fell easily.", Maddox's comment was about Cory who lost consciousness after one hit. Damon is known as one of the best fighters, but it was obvious that he didn't put much strength behind that punch. 
"Human.", Damon's one-word response clarified the mystery. 
Mindy and Maya sat on barstools, flaking Talia on the left and right respectively, and Caden moved to stand next to Maya. 
Maddox was still thinking about Damon punching Cory, and he was on alert while glancing over the crowd. 
"You should watch out for humans. They travel in groups and carry weapons.", Maddox told Damon. 
Maddox would offer his assistance in dealing with trash, but he knew that Damon can hold his own. Also, they were on Damon's territory and most of the people here belong to the Dark Howlers pack. Maddox's help would be unnecessary. 
Damon appreciated Maddox's warning. Cory obviously didn't know who Damon is, and if he came with friends who are also ignorant humans, they might look for a chance to get vengeance for their fallen comrade. 
Damon was not too worried about himself, but Talia is a different thing and Damon had no intention of leaving her side. 
With everyone settled at the bar, Maddox used this opportunity to scan the area and visually inspect any female whose inviting gazes he met. There were many. Good. He always liked choices. 
Damon was standing next to Talia, so close that their hips were connected. If it was up to him, they would get closer. Much, much closer. 
"Tell me when you want us to go back to the packhouse.", Damon's hot breath splashed on Talia's ear, making her hairs stand on ends and he used this opportunity to place a small kiss at her earlobe. 
Talia jolted when the sparks of their bond prickled her ear. What was he doing? That was a sensitive spot and they were in public! 
It took Talia a moment to realize that Damon suggested they should return to the packhouse. "What about dancing?" She really wanted to dance with him. 
Damon helplessly smiled at the silly woman. They could do so many things at home where they have a built-in speaker system and he could play any song he wants and they could dance as much as she wanted. Naked. But Talia wanted to dance in the nightclub, and he couldn't say 'no' to her. 
"Alright. We will do whatever you want.", Damon said dotingly, and Maddox rolled his eyes dramatically. 
"The two of you are too much for me.", Maddox said under his breath, and he was not sure if Damon and Talia didn't hear him, or they ignored him. 
Maddox was used to cool and aloof Damon who had an endless queue of scarcely dressed women doing anything from crawling to performing acrobatic cartwheels in the hope to get Damon's attention. 
Damon was always domineering and doing what he wanted… and now he wanted to please Talia. 
It would be one thing if this was part of a bet or a temporary infatuation, but Maddox was aware that Talia and Damon are mates, which meant that Damon's behavior is something permanent. Forever. 
Maddox was happy for Damon, he really was, but only a few weeks ago Damon and Maddox shared drinks and talked about pack business and plundering women, and now Maddox felt that he lost the connection he had with his friend. 
It's not an exaggeration to say that Damon is Maddox's best friend. After all, the two of them are both Alphas of their respective packs, about the same age, they collaborate when their interests align while staying out of each other's business otherwise, and no one understands Maddox better than Damon. 
Their outings would consist of Maddox and Damon talking about anything and everything over hard liquor for hours, and at the end of the evening, they would part ways, each with a woman (or two) in tow… at least that was the situation before Talia came into the picture. 
Tonight, Damon was totally into Talia like no one else exists in the world and Maddox felt a big sense of loss. 
This change in Damon's behavior was too sudden and unsettling, like a big chunk of dry bread that's stuck in Maddox's throat and difficult to swallow. 
Maddox needed time to adjust to this new Damon and he didn't want to stick around and look like an abandoned girlfriend. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
As soon as Katya arranged six drinks on the bar counter, Maddox grabbed his glass and downed it. "I'm out. I will see you in the morning." 
And just like that, Maddox disappeared into the crowd. He already pinpointed a few girls and sorted them in his mind based on the chest size. Maddox likes ample bosom that will fill the gaps between his fingers when he fondles them. 
Mindy was next to leave the group. She was perfectly comfortable in going into the crowd on her own. 
Maya and Caden also didn't linger. The duo finished their drinks within a minute and left with, "The two of you have fun." 
Damon was standing next to Talia, and no one dared to take a seat on the left or right of Talia even though there were empty barstools. Damon's presence created a ring of space with Talia and him at the center which looked odd if anyone would look from above because the Shifters nightclub was packed. 
"Should we have fun?", Damon asked Talia when she finished her drink. He was hoping that they will go to the packhouse and have sex. Lots of it. 
"I am already having fun.", Talia said. "Thank you for giving me time to chat with Maya and Mindy." 
"You are welcome.", Damon responded. "I hope you know that I will do anything to make you happy and if you want something, the only thing you need to do is ask." 
Talia put her arms on Damon's shoulders, lacing her fingers at the back of his head, and she looked at him dreamily. "Those are some big promises, Alpha Damon." 
Seeing that Talia was acting so freely in public, Damon wondered how drunk she was, but he didn't hate it, not even a little bit. 
Damon glanced at Talia, and he became super-aware that she was wearing a dress. It was a lovely deep blue dress, which didn't reveal too much, but Damon knew that only two moves were needed for him to reach her sweet spot that can provide him with opulent pleasure. 
Two moves. 
Move one, push that skirt up. 
Move two, remove the flimsy piece of fabric called panties. 
That's it. 
Ah, he was hard already! 
"I am a man of my word, Mrs. Blake. Tell me what you want, and I will deliver. Do you want another drink? To go home? Or do you want me?" He inched closer and spoke in a sexy low voice, "Do you want me laying down, sitting, on my knees, or standing? Name your preferences. You can have it all, but pick which one first." 
Talia giggled. "How about that dance?" 
Damon closed his eyes and let out a long breath. She wanted to dance. Somehow, he hoped that she forgot about it. 
"OK. Let's go." And make it quick. 
Talia hopped from the barstool and Damon was quick to catch her when she swayed to the side. 
"Are you sure you can dance?", Damon asked, and he wished that her answer will be 'no'. 
"You will hold me.", Talia responded cheekily. She knew why he was eager to go home, and it's not like she didn't want it, but she was determined to dance with him at least a little bit before they go home. But there was one problem. "I need to use the restroom first." 
While she was sitting, it was fine, but now that she stood up, something moved, and she felt that her bladder was screaming to be emptied. 
Damon frowned. Restroom? There were so many things that could go wrong. 
"I can't go with you there. Let me call Maya to accompany you." 
Talia was quick to refuse. "No need. It's just a minute. You can wait outside if you wish." 
Damon was exasperated. 
An Alpha standing in front of the ladies' room? Well, there is a first time for everything. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 253 - Back In The Shifters Nightclub (6)
Damon agreed to accompany Talia and wait for her in front of the women's restroom, but he didn't like the idea of Talia being on her own and not in his visual range. 
His previous experiences taught him that Talia always ends up in trouble when unattended. Of course, the likelihood of some guys sticking to Talia in the ladies' room was very low, but one can't be too cautious when it comes to these things. 
Damon mind-linked Maya with, 'Come to the restroom now. Talia is going and I want you to ensure there are no incidents.' 
'I need a minute. I'm on the opposite side of the Shifters.', Maya responded. 
'Hurry up!', Damon barked. 
"Did you mind-link Maya?", Talia asked while narrowing her eyes at Damon. 
Damon realized that Talia didn't approve. He didn't want to lie, but it seems that telling the truth will get him into trouble also. 
"What makes you think so?", Damon asked innocently. 
"Your eyes change when you are mind-linking.", Talia responded smugly like she revealed a big secret. "Don't bother her. She is enjoying her evening with Caden." 
"I know.", Damon responded. 
He had no intention of retracting his previous order to Maya. Who cares if Maya and Caden are enjoying? Talia's safety comes first! 
Damon loved that Talia leaned on him while walking, but it also reminded him that she was intoxicated which made him urge Maya to hurry up. 
… 
Talia entered the ladies' room and she frowned at the sight in front of her. A line. More than dozen women formed a slightly messy queue that was snaking to the area where five restroom stalls were occupied. 
Women were chatting without any sense of urgency, but it's not like staying quiet will make things move along faster. 
Talia exhaled in dejection and stood at the end of the queue while leaning on the wall to stabilize herself. She hoped that the dizziness will decrease, or at least not increase, because her legs were wobbly and if she falls on her face, it would be beyond embarrassing. 
Talia was unaware that her presence attracted attention. Of course, women recognized her, and they were itchy to approach Talia, but at the same time reluctant as well. After all, she was Alpha Damon's woman, at least for tonight (and probably for the previous week also), and none of them could afford to offend her. 
The line moved, and Talia glanced to the side when the door opened, letting in loud noise from the nightclub together with two more women. 
Talia remembered that Damon was outside, waiting for her. 
Will Damon be worried because she was taking longer than expected? How much was expected? 
Should she go out and tell him there is a line? Two women already stood behind Talia and if she steps away, she will lose her spot. 
Talia knew that Damon was waiting for her because the two latest newcomers were enthusiastically discussing Alpha Damon's presence in front of the ladies' room. 
She remembered her phone, but then the line moved, and she decided not to text him. Surely, he should know that females take longer in the restroom than guys, and a few minutes is acceptable. 
How long was she in there already? Talia was not sure. It was difficult to focus with all the music and chatter, and it seemed that someone was calling her name. 
"…excuse me, Talia?" 
A female voice got Talia's attention, but even more attention-grabbing was that the chatter stopped abruptly. Talia met the expectant expression of the woman with red-colored hair styled in a bob. She was at the front of the line. 
Talia assessed the woman's black sparkly mini dress that hugged her curvaceous body tightly, and her red hair was too red to be natural. 
"Are you talking to me?", Talia asked, unsure how that woman knows her name. 
"Yes. I was wondering if you want to use the restroom." The red-haired woman smiled and gestured toward the available stall in front of her. 
Talia blinked as she processed the woman's words. "That would be skipping the line." 
The woman glanced at the others who were behind her and before Talia. "I'm sure others won't , but if they do, I will go at the back of the line, and you can take my spot. I'm in no hurry." 
"Oh…", Talia was speechless. She wanted to refuse, but her bladder said otherwise. "Well, thank you." 
And just like that, Talia didn't need to wait long. Deciding not to text Damon was a good decision. She will be out of the restroom and ready to dance in no time. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia did her business and washed her hands, and she remembered the red-haired woman who gave up her spot in line for the restroom so that Talia doesn't need to wait. 
No one ever did a random act of kindness for Talia, and she was touched. 
Talia looked around and spotted that fiery hair styled in a bob at the back of the line. Talia felt guilty. It seems that someone ed to Talia skipping the line and the woman took the burn of it. 
While using the restroom, Talia heard banter, but her mind was hazy from alcohol, and she couldn't focus on anything beyond emptying her bladder and not falling off the toilet seat. 
Talia focused mightily on her wobbly steps while approaching the woman. 
"I want to thank you for giving me your spot. We didn't introduce ourselves properly…" Talia extended her hand for a handshake. "My name is Talia." 
The chatter in the restroom simmered down. It was obvious that everyone was eavesdropping on what Talia was saying. 
The woman accepted the handshake. "Molly." 
Talia smiled brightly. Alcohol boosted her courage and she spoke, "It's nice to meet you, Molly. I'm not sure what I did to deserve your kindness, but I wish to repay you, if possible. Let me give you my phone number." 
Talia reached into her purse where she had several business cards handy. Damon made them for her, and Talia thought that she will never use them, but here she is, in the ladies' room, giving her business card. It made her look important, like a professional. 
Molly glanced at the business card of 'Talia Blake' before putting it in her purse. "I might do that." 
A snort was heard from the front of the line. "Bootlicker." 
Molly frowned. "Excuse me?" 
A tall brunette looked at Molly condescendingly. "You heard me. Bootlicker." 
"Since when is being polite called bootlicking?" It was Talia who asked. She had no idea why would a random woman barge in like that. Did they insult her somehow? 
The brunette cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "Molly is being polite only because she knows you are with Alpha and hopes to get some benefits. As soon as you fall out of Alpha's grace, she will dismiss you like everyone else." 
"You shouldn't allow your mouth to work before your brain, Jill.", Molly squeezed through her teeth and quickly turned to Talia. "That was not my intention." 
Talia's brain was on a slight delay due to the alcohol in her system, and she was not sure why Molly sounded apologetic. Surely, no matter what Molly's intention was, she was treating Talia kindly. How can that be bad? 
The brunette (aka Jill) rolled her eyes at Molly. "Do you think you are scoring points from a woman who is warming Alpha's bed for the night? We were all there and we know that it won't last." 
Talia's insides tightened. Did Jill insinuate how all of them slept with Damon? She didn't want to think about it but she couldn't prevent her eyes from moving over the faces of women who were listening to this exchange while waiting to see what will happen next. 
"Why are you looking at them?", Jill challenged Talia. "Do you think they will help you?" 
Jill moved with a smug expression until she stood two steps in front of Talia. "No one will help you here, not even Alpha Damon. At the end of the day, you are a nobody. Just a bed warmer." 
Molly wanted to retort, but Talia put her hand on Molly's shoulder, silently telling her to wait. 
This was not the first time for Talia to be labeled as not important and others to watch while someone is trying to demean her. 
For nearly two decades, Talia would cover in front of a bully and pray that it will pass quickly, and that's how she survived, but now it was different. 
The perfect male specimen called Damon Blake was right there, behind those doors, waiting for her. 
How will she face Damon if she allows Jill to bully her? 
How can she call herself Damon's mate, his Luna, if one Jill can make her shrink? 
Talia narrowed her eyes at Jill. "No matter what you say, you are only hurting yourself. Assuming that you are right, and I am a nobody who will fall out of Damon's grace soon, by coming onto me like that, you are only demeaning yourself. On the other side, if you are wrong, and I am with Damon long-term, it would be wise if you scale down that attitude and start bootlicking me." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 254 - Back In The Shifters Nightclub (7) [Bonus ]
Talia looked at Jill who was a full head taller than Talia, but somehow it seemed that Talia was above her. 
Did this woman experience Damon's intimate embrace? 
Rage and power rippled through Talia, and she knew that her wolf was supporting her. That's right. She was not just a weak wolf-less she-wolf who should hide and hope that Damon will rescue her. 
Talia didn't interact with her wolf much, but she knew that her wolf is special and powerful. Damon said so. And Talia also knew that her wolf is somewhere inside her, and they are one. Doesn't that mean her wolf's power is hers also? 
Talia didn't fight the energies that coursed through her body; Talia welcomed them, hoping they will make her strong enough to defend herself and maybe even stand next to Damon as equal. 
Suddenly, Talia's mind cleared from the alcohol's haze, and she looked at Jill like she was looking at someone who was small and insignificant, a mischievous child who needs to be taught a lesson. 
"You don't know who I am, but that doesn't mean I am a nobody.", Talia said. 
Jill's eyes widened in shock as she struggled against her urge to lower her head in submission. What the hell was happening? Who was putting this pressure on her? But it was coming from the front, and Jill wondered if it was from Talia or she was imagining it. 
Talia smirked. Part of her enjoyed Jill's futile struggle. 
"What if I don't depend on Damon for protection? What if I can take care of myself? What if I can crush you without lifting a finger?" 
With every next word that came from Talia, the pressure on Jill increased and her whole body shook. By the time Talia ended talking, Jill was on her knees and she was unable to raise her head, so she stared at Talia's sparkly shoes. 
Jill was never this humiliated! Kneeling on the floor of the restroom for everyone to see. Outrageous! She couldn't get up no matter how much she struggled. Jill tried to tap into her wolf's power, but it came out empty because her wolf shrunk at the back of her mind in terror of being completely suppressed. What the hell? Jill was helpless. This never happened before! 
Talia's voice got ominously low as she continued, "If you really spread your legs for Damon, you should pray that I don't find about it because if I do, no amount of bootlicking will save you, regardless of how low you go." 
Talia glanced around to see that all women in the restroom had their heads lowered, but what stood out was a familiar face at the door, the only one that was not looking at the floor. 
Talia rubbed her eyes while wondering if she was hallucinating. Nope. The person was still there, looking at her like a proud parent. 
Like popping a balloon, the pressure Talia emitted was dispersed when Talia cheerfully called, "Maya!" 
"Is everything alright here?", Maya asked while glancing at Jill who was visibly shaken, on her knees and hands, drenched in sweat. 
"Everything is fine.", Talia said with a goofy smile and walked toward Maya with shaky steps. Yup. She was still drunk. "Are you here for me?" 
"No. I came to use the restroom.", Maya lied without missing a beat. 
Talia narrowed her eyes, unsure if she should trust Maya or not, but she decided not to pursue it further. 
Talia glanced at Molly. "We should catch up sometime. Call me, or you can ask Beta Maya how to reach me." 
Molly swallowed a mouthful of air. "Definitely." 
Talia didn't care why Molly was nice to her. The point was that Molly was treating her well, and for Talia, that was all it mattered. 
As for Molly, Jill was not completely wrong. After all, if Talia was not with Alpha Damon, Molly wouldn't go out of her way to be nice to a stranger. 
However, after this display of strength, Molly was quite confident that she will NOT call Talia. Who would want to befriend such an unstable she-wolf? One minute Talia was smiling, and the next one she made everyone in the restroom bow in submission. Actually, Talia's aura was aimed at Jill, but it spilled on everyone in the vicinity. For werewolves who are prideful by nature and love their freedom, being shackled like that with a thought, was a terrifying experience. 
The door closed behind Talia and Maya stood in front of the door to block it so that no one can come in or out. 
Maya turned to face about a dozen other women who were facing her. 
"I hope you know that whatever happened here should stay here.", Maya said, and the women agreed immediately, especially Jill who didn't want anyone to find out that she ended up kneeling in the restroom. How embarrassing! 
Maya knew that they will still talk about it, but she hoped that her warning will slow down the spread of gossip. Damon said that he wanted to postpone news about Talia's importance until they are ready to announce it, and this was how much Maya could do. 
Maya noticed that Molly was friendly with Talia, so she asked the shaken-up red-haired girl, "How about you tell me how this all started…" 
Maya arrived in time to hear the end of Talia's speech with Jill on her knees, but she really wanted to hear what else Talia did. Other than Maya's curiosity, she knew that Damon will want to know details. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia's steps halted in the hallway at the sight of Damon that dispelled all negativity that stemmed from her previous interaction with Jill. 
Damon was leaning sideways with his legs crossed at ankles and his hands stuffed in his pants pockets. His hair was slightly messy how he ran his hand through it, but that only made him more eye-catching. His most attractive features were his cocked smile directed at Talia and his gaze full of adoration, and her heart was filled with warm and fuzzy feelings because she knew that those were only for her. 
Seeing that Talia stood there and smiled foolishly, Damon shook his head helplessly and pushed himself off the wall to make his way toward her. 
"Hello, beautiful", Damon called as he approached her. 
A big smile bloomed on Talia's face. "Hello, handsome." 
Damon was relieved that Talia didn't bring out the small detail of Maya showing up in the restroom. He warned Maya to say how she was there because she needed to go, and not because Damon ordered her. 
Damon extended his hand for Talia to take. 
Talia wanted to grab his hand, but she missed it and stumbled forward, ending in Damon's embrace. 
Damon couldn't believe this. How wasted was Talia? If he didn't step forward at the last moment, Talia would plant her face on the floor instead of his chest. How careless. 
"Should we go home now?", Damon suggested. 
Talia lifted her head to look at him and pouted. "I want to dance with you." 
"We can dance at home." 
Talia blinked while processing his words. 
"We both know that at home there will be no dancing." 
A deep chuckle burst from Damon's chest. She was right. 
Damon led Talia to the dancefloor, and she leaned on him for support. Her legs were wobbly, but she was determined to get that dance. At least one. 
Like every time Damon makes an appearance, the crowd moved to make way for them, and when Damon and Talia stopped, they found themselves in the middle of a circle that people created around them. No one dared to come within arm's reach. 
Damon's eyes lost focus for a moment and the loud electronic house music faded as the song Get Lucky by Daft Punk started. 
Talia gasped when Damon grabbed her hand and twirled her suddenly. Once, twice... and before she lost her footing, Damon pulled her toward him. 
Their bodies stuck to each other and they started moving. 
Talia was amazed that Damon murmured lyrics, "Like the legend of the Phoenix, all ends with beginnings… we've come too far to give up who we are… she's up all night for good fun, I'm up all night to get lucky…" 
Was this song about them? Did he say that he will get lucky tonight? 
Talia smiled foolishly while thinking that she wants to get lucky also. Actually, she was the luckiest girl on the planet to have this handsome male specimen doting on her. 
Damon loved the way Talia looked at him, but he found their current situation torturous. 
Talia was in his arms, sticking closely to him, her addictive scent filled his system despite the mixture of alcohol, sweat, and various perfumes that were all around them, Talia was wearing only a dress that provided easy access, wherever they touched delicious sparks prickled his skin, and he was aroused to the point of madness. 
He really wished that they were in the packhouse instead of this packed nightclub. 
Damon forced his hands to press on Talia's back and not wander because people were watching, and he didn't want to look like he is molesting Talia right there on the dancefloor. 
Besides, Talia is his mate, their future Luna, and he needed to set an example by treating her with respect. 
It didn't take long for someone from the crowd to voice what many were thinking. 
[Did you ever see Alpha dancing?] 
[He never brought a girl with him either.] 
[She even went into his booth...] 
[Tonight is the night of many firsts...] 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 255 - Back In The Shifters Nightclub (8)
Talia was lost in a daze caused by Damon's proximity and the alcohol made her forget that they were in the middle of a crowd with numerous gazes on them. 
Everything about Damon was warm and welcoming and enhanced by his addictive scent of the forest and the dark chocolate. 
How can a girl not lose herself in the sensual dance that extended beyond moving their limbs? 
She could feel his erection pressing low on her belly, and she knew how that was for her because the mate bond made her sense his desire. Or maybe that was her desire. 
Talia's arms moved around Damon's neck, and she got on her toes. Her lips silently searched for his, to stave off the thirst that only his flavor of the dark chocolate can satisfy. 
Damon smiled at the girl who was inching closer with her lips puckered toward his. She was so adorable that he wished to take a picture so that it lasts longer, but he didn't want to make her wait, so he eagerly closed the last inch of distance between them. 
The kiss was slow and sensual, and Talia's wobbly legs turned into jelly completely. 
Luckily, Damon held her firmly, so she didn't plop down. 
A small moan escaped her lips, and Damon swallowed it greedily, the vibrations traveled from his mouth down his throat, and his cock lurched painfully. The arousal was maddening. 
Talia frowned in displeasure when Damon broke the kiss. 
"We should go home.", Damon said. 
Other than his crazed desire to plunder her insides, Talia's hands started roaming over his back and he knew that it was only a matter of seconds before she started untucking his shirt. He was eager to remove the pesky clothes that were obstructing full skin-to-skin contact, but not here. 
Talia blinked herself into reality and intense blush invaded her cheeks when she realized where they were and that she was making out with Damon for everyone to see. How embarrassing. 
But, did they finish their dance? 
The Daft Punk song was long over, and another one was playing now. Talia didn't notice the time passing, but then… no measure of time with Damon was enough as days with him felt like minutes, and hours felt like seconds, and it was never enough. 
"Take me home, Damon.", Talia said dreamily, and Damon suppressed his urge to howl from happiness. 
They were going home! And they will have sex! Lots of it! 
Damon's hand snaked around Talia's waist, and he led the way toward the exit. Damon was pleased that the crowd moved to make way for them so they could leave without obstacles. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
As soon as they stepped outside, Damon mind-linked his Betas, 'Talia and I are heading to the packhouse.' 
Maya responded with, 'It's good that you asked me to go to the restroom.' 
Damon knew this was about Talia, and of course, he was curious. 'Tell me about it.' 
'One woman allowed Talia to go into the restroom in her stead. On her way out, Talia stopped to thank her, and another one started verbally attacking Talia.' 
Damon's face darkened. 'Did you deal with her?' 
'No need. Talia did.' 
Damon glanced at the little woman who was completely leaning on him while dragging her legs. 'She did?' 
'Mhm…', Maya hummed happily. 'When I got in, the she-wolf was kneeling in front of Talia, totally suppressed by her. Our Luna is awesome.' 
Damon's heart soared. He knew that Talia was awesome. 'Good, good. Send a gift to the woman who helped Talia. See what she does and give her a promotion if possible. Say that it was from Talia. As for the one who spoke against Talia… send her to the dungeon.' 
'Consider it done.', Maya responded. 'Oh, just so you know, the group from the Ligthclaw pack arrived about half an hour ago to the packhouse. They decided to call it a night. Omegas helped them settle and we will see them for breakfast.' 
Damon was happy with this arrangement. If they decided to come to the Shifters nightclub, there was a chance that Talia would want to stay behind. Like this, they were definitely going home and it will be just the two of them until morning. Damon was giddy with excitement. 
By now, Damon and Talia were in the parking lot, and Damon noticed four guys approaching them swiftly. 
Just one glance was enough to confirm that they were up to no good and they were going straight at Damon and Talia. 
"Damn it!", Damon cursed under his breath. He was so consumed with the news about Talia that he neglected to pay attention to their surroundings. 
Damon wouldn't drop his guard if they were not in his territory. There were soldiers everywhere and he just needed to send a word and they would swarm the place within seconds. 
But maybe there was no need to cause a ruckus. He didn't want to risk spoiling Talia's mood. 
Damon's steps slowed down to a crawl, and he nudged Talia to stand behind him. 
"Can I help you?", Damon asked the four guys. Damon could tell they were human, but that didn't mean they didn't have weapons on them. 
Damon quickly glanced at their hands, and he relaxed slightly when he saw they were empty. For now. 
If they wanted to fight, they would probably underestimate him because he is just one guy. Damon told himself not to jump to conclusions. Maybe they just wanted to talk. 
But considering angry glares directed at him, Damon guessed that those four didn't stop him to ask about the directions. 
"You can get on your knees and apologize, and we might consider not breaking your legs.", one of the four guys spoke. It seemed he was the leader. 
Damon's eyebrows shoot up. "Apologize? For what?" 
"Maybe you are the boss of this place, but on this parking lot is just us, no bodyguards.", the leader-guy continued talking. 
When Damon punched Cory, these four wanted to intervene, but some guys from the crowd held them back, saying how Damon owns the place and they shouldn't cross him. So, these four decided to keep an eye on Damon and wait for their chance to get revenge. 
They saw Damon leaving and were quick to follow after him and Talia, knowing that the parking lot was almost deserted, other than some couples who were busy within their vehicles. 
Another guy decided to add more information. "You hit Cory when he was picking up that girl." 
Damon realized how 'that girl' was Talia and that Cory is the guy who passed out after one punch from Damon. 
Talia peeked from behind Damon, and then she stepped to stand next to him. 
Damon knew that Talia didn't want to hide behind him, but this was not the time to be brave. He tugged her arm to make her go back, but she shook his hand away stubbornly. 
Talia looked at the man who spoke last. Her vision was blurry from alcohol, so she squinted while trying to focus, making it look like she was glaring at the guy. 
"He was picking me up?", Talia asked with a slur. "Cory had no chance and if he listened to a word I said, he would know that and stop pestering me." 
Damon stifled a chuckle at the sight of his kitten who was hissing at the enemies. Can she be more adorable? 
The four guys were not in the mood to chit-chat. They heard that Damon owns the place, which means that if any other people come to the parking lot, they will probably side with Damon, and they will be at disadvantage. 
"Even if he was pestering you, those were just words. Did he deserve to be sent to a hospital?", the leader-guy said before turning to Damon. "You heard me. On your knees." 
Damon sneered. "Make me." 
Four guys stared at Damon incredulously for a few long seconds, and then the leader-guy shouted, "Get him!" 
Damon pulled Talia behind him, and she stumbled backward only to see Damon getting surrounded. 
'BAM! POW! SLAM! BAM!' 
In less than a second, the four guys bounced backward as they met Damon's punches and kicks. 
One guy managed to graze Damon's chin before falling on his butt unceremoniously. 
The other three stumbled but kept their balance. 
The leader-guy wiped the corner of his busted lip with the back of his palm and gestured toward Talia. "Stan! Get her!" 
Damon didn't know which one was Stan, but he knew that meant three guys will keep Damon busy while the fourth one goes after Talia. "Coward! Four on one and you need a hostage?" 
How can he let them get close to Talia? 
But there was no way they will get her because they needed to go through Damon first. Right? 
Damon glanced behind him, and he paused. Where the heck was Talia? 
Before Damon could ascertain Talia's position three guys were dashing toward him. 
Damon punched one, kicked another one, and the third one ducked and threw himself at Damon, hugging Damon around the waist. 
Damon gritted his teeth when he realized that the third one had no intention to fight. He only wanted to hold Damon while the fourth guy gets his hands on Talia. 
In an effort to shake the guy off him, Damon elbowed him in the head and looked around in time to see Talia and the fourth guy dashing toward each other. 
Damon would admire Talia's courage if he was not scared witless. What the hell was she doing? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 256 - Drunk Kitten [Bonus ]
"TALIA!", Damon shouted while prying his legs from the man who fell on the ground unconscious after getting a taste of Damon's elbow. The man was still holding onto Damon and after a second of struggle, Damon kicked him to the side. Bastard. 
Damon's heart tightened when he realized that he won't make it. 
Talia and one of the attackers were on a collision course, and there was nothing Damon could do about it. 
The man's arms were stretched in front of him, and open palms were a giveaway that his goal was to grab Talia who was running toward the man fearlessly like she was planning to pass through him. 
Talia's mind was muddled with alcohol, but she knew that the man in front of her wanted to harm Damon and that his goal was to use her as leverage against Damon. How can she allow such a thing to happen? 
In the last moment, Talia swayed, avoiding the man's hands and she straightened her body just in time to punch the guy in the throat. 
With her wolf awakening, Talia's speed and strength increased. She was not at the level where she could compare to Damon or the warriors of the Dark Howlers pack, but here she was facing a human who seemed to move in slow motion compared to Talia. 
After a moment of complete stillness, the man's eyes bulged in shock, and he grabbed his neck while rolling on the ground and coughing violently. 
Talia put her arms akimbo and grinned. She did it! It was the move Damon taught her. And it worked! 
She turned toward Damon. "Did you see that!?" 
Damon shook his head helplessly while making his way toward Talia. "I did. I did." 
His heart rate was still erratic. This woman will be the end of him. 
Damon pulled Talia into his embrace, buried his face in her hair, and took a deep breath to fill his system with her addictive scent that had the power to calm him down. 
Talia gave Damon a few seconds, and then she looked at him with sparkles in her eyes. "You taught me that move. Did I do good? Did you like it?" 
Damon realized that Talia was expecting praise. "I would like it better if you listened and stayed behind me." 
Talia pouted. "There were four of them. I could take on one." 
Damon didn't want to rain on her parade, but he had to ask, "What if he had a weapon?" 
"If he had a weapon and I was hiding behind you, that weapon would be directed at you. You already got hurt once because of me…", Talia's voice trailed. 
Damon felt Talia's anguish. She would rather take the hit instead of him, and he would do the same for her. How can he scold her now? 
"Thank you for watching my back, kitten…", Damon said before pecking her lips. 
Talia hugged him tightly and returned his kisses desperately, and within seconds their kisses turned steamy. 
"Home…", Damon breathed between kisses. "Let's go home…" He really wanted privacy. 
Talia closed her eyes and took a deep breath to compose herself before asking, "What about them?" 
"Who?" 
Talia opened her eyes and glanced around in confusion. Where did those four guys go? Did she imagine it? 
Damon chuckled. She didn't notice warriors of the Dark Howlers pack collecting those four men and taking them away. Well, she was upset and drunk, so it was not surprising. 
"The trash was cleaned. Don't worry about them.", Damon said. 
Damon pulled Talia toward the car, and he was delighted when she didn't resist. They were going home. Finally. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon carried Talia into the packhouse while she sang from the top of her lungs, not caring that her words echoed through the empty hallways. 
"We're up all night to get some… we're up all night for good fun… we're up all night to get lucky…" 
Damon enjoyed seeing this side of Talia. 
Her right arm was hooked around his neck, and she held her sparkly shoes with her left hand that dangled by her side while she swayed her bare feet. 
Damon was basking in Talia's happiness that washed over him, and he remembered bits and pieces of the evening that started with him telling Maddox that Talia is his mate, and Maddox agreeing to help Damon deal with Marcy (even though they still didn't have a plan). 
In the Shifters nightclub, Damon made his first appearance with Talia in front of their pack members, and he was confident that many got the underlying message, Talia is important, and Damon is taken. 
Other than that, his usually quiet and timid kitten stood up to a bully in the restroom, punched a guy in the throat, and now she was causing a ruckus in the packhouse. Talia was opening up wonderfully and Damon was confident that if she continues like this, no one will dare to mess with her, even when Damon is not around. 
They had guests, and Damon guessed that many could hear Talia singing, but he didn't care. Let them hear her. This was her house, and if she felt like shouting in the middle of the night, it was her right to do so. 
Damon would let her sing for the whole night if needed, but he wanted to go to their room as soon as possible in search of privacy. 
The moment the door closed behind them with a bang, Talia threw her shoes on the side and wiggled out of Damon's hold. 
"Don't tear this one!", Talia shouted and dashed to the left, stopping only when the coffee table separated them. 
Damon knew she was talking about the dress, but he didn't care. His intention was to rip it into shreds so that he can get access to Talia's flesh as soon as possible. "I will buy you another one." 
Seeing that Damon was going toward her with his icy-blue eyes darkening from desire, Talia hid behind the sofa. "It will take only a few seconds to remove properly!" 
Damon jumped over the sofa effortlessly, and Talia swayed while avoiding Damon's hands. 
He would catch her easily if he didn't fear that he will hurt her accidentally. 
"It would be gone already if you stop moving so much.", Damon said in a dangerously low voice while trapping her in the corner. 
At the last moment, Talia ducked and crawled between his legs in search of an exit. 
Damon couldn't believe this! Wasn't Talia drunk? How can she move so fast? 
He turned swiftly and grabbed her ankle before she could stand up. 
"Ahhh!", Talia shrieked when he pulled her back toward him without giving her a chance to get off the floor. 
He crawled on top of her. "You can't escape me now, kitten. You have no idea how much I was waiting for this… just the two of us… I will fuck you until daylight." 
Talia's eyes widened in shock. 
She couldn't get used to Damon's dirty way of talking, and she had no idea why she got aroused when he used those naughty words. 
"I was not escaping", Talia said breathily. "But I like this dress and I wish…" 
'RIIIIIP!' 
A crisp sound of the fabric being torn sounded through the room and fresh air splashed on her newly exposed skin. 
"…that you don't rip it.", Talia ended dejectedly. 
Damon's grin was infuriating, and she punched his shoulder weakly. 
"Why are you such a savage?" 
"It's because of you.", Damon murmured between kisses he was arranging on her shoulder. "You have no idea what you are doing to me. The only thing on my mind is to feel your sweet pussy milking my cock..." 
Talia was not sure what turned her on more, his scandalous words, or his hands that were exploring her body impatiently. 
"Can we move on the bed?", Talia breathed while tugging on his shirt. 
Damon glanced at her and smirked. "If you wanted on the bed you were supposed to go there first. Now we are here, so…" 
Talia understood that the bed will need to wait, and she confirmed that Damon didn't care about the location. He never did. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 257 - His To Corrupt
Damon was eager to merge with Talia completely and to feel the heavenly friction that is accompanied with sparks that made him feel alive, and the sheer thought of Talia clawing his back while shivering in ecstasy under him was turning him on to the point of madness, but he told himself to slow down. 
Damon was never into foreplay, as women would soak their panties in arousal just because he looked at them in a certain way. 
It's the aura of the Alpha that is nearly irresistible to any she-wolf who doesn't have the mate bond to protect her from the undeniable attraction that comes with the urge to submit to the powerful man, and the fact that Damon is easy on the eyes and rich, didn't hurt him either. 
However, Talia was different. 
Damon was aware that he can't conquer Talia unless she allows him because she is immune not only to the attraction of power and wealth, but his aura is not affecting her either. She is above it all, and he knew that if he wanted Talia by his side, he had to earn it. 
Alcohol was muddling Talia's mind, and Damon's proximity came with the feeling of his body pressing on hers, his heat, his scent, and the addictive sparks of their bond… and he was pushing her bra out of the way while caressing her body and peppering kisses on her neck and collarbones, and how can one think in such a situation? 
But one thing came to her mind. It's a thought that bothered her for some time, and only with the alcohol in her system, she was brave enough to speak up. 
"Damon, why do we always do it like this?" 
Damon lifted his head, and his lips were puckered. He was about to suck on her nipple when her question got his attention. 
"Like what?", he asked, feeling that this was something important. 
"Like…" Talia's face exploded in blush. "With you… like this…" She steeled her resolve, and blurted a question, "Don't you want to take me from the back?" 
Damon's eyebrows shot up in surprise. From the back? Doggy style? Of course! He would take her in any way possible, but her question was strange. "Why did you ask me that?" 
"Because… I heard that you like to take a woman from the back.", Talia said in a small voice. 
Damon paused. It was not necessarily false. When he took a woman from the back, he didn't need to bother with lame explanations related to why he didn't want to kiss or hug the woman under him, the unnecessary skin-to-skin contact was minimized, and he didn't even need to look at their faces. That might be one of the reasons why Damon didn't remember most of the women he slept with… his memory was restricted to their ass and back. 
But all that was applicable to his habits before Talia. "Where did you hear that?" 
"From Ashley and Heather." Two women who approached her in front of the library. 
Damon's brows came together. Who the hell were Ashley and Heather? But that didn't matter because he was sure those were two insignificant women from his past. 
He knew that those two nobodies flapped their mouths in jealousy with the goal to make Talia feel like one of many. He was glad that Talia didn't point out his past in an accusing manner, but that didn't mean she was not hurt. 
Damon was also aware that Talia wouldn't mention it if she was not intoxicated. 
He pushed himself in a sitting position and scooped Talia in his arms. 
Talia sat on Damon's lap and leaned on him while wondering if she asked for something she shouldn't have. Why else would his mood drop like that? 
"It's not about how…", Damon said while nuzzling Talia's neck with his nose. "It's with whom." 
He kissed the base of her neck on the left side, where his mark will come, and Talia gripped his shoulders to steady herself. That was such a sensitive spot. 
"This…" He kissed her there again. "Only I can make you feel this good, kitten, and no woman compares to you. I hope you won't care about what others say because they either belong in the past or are hoping for something that will never happen. My present and future have only you in it and we will do it any way you want. Not because someone else said it, but because you want it, and that will make all the difference in the world." 
Talia bit her lower lip nervously. "I would like us to try different… things." 
Damon smiled a little, knowing that Talia gathered a lot of courage in order to speak up. "We will." 
He pecked her lips once, twice, and then he stood up with Talia in his arms and walked into the bathroom. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon put Talia to sit on the counter of his sink and Talia jolted when the cold marble collided with the heat of her skin. 
She watched in a daze as Damon started the shower and removed his clothes. 
Without a word spoken, Damon scooped Talia in his arms and carried her into the shower. 
Talia didn't resist when he put her to stand, and he removed her panties, the last garment that was on her. 
She let him do whatever he wanted. 
Damon squirted shower gel on his palms and stood behind Talia. He started by washing her back, and then he pulled her to lean on his chest while his hands worked on her front. 
Talia's body arched as she silently urged him to handle her breasts with more force, but Damon continued moving his palms in small circles, down to her abdomen, barely grazing her flower, and then over her thighs, making her relaxed and tense at the same time. 
Talia couldn't believe that she was getting this gentle pampering service from Damon, the scary Alpha who has mood swings yet he never fails to look at her tenderly… her mate. 
Talia turned to face Damon and her eyes flashed at the sight of his erection that waved at her. She could see that he wanted her, and she was confident that he could feel her arousal through the mate bond just how she could feel his emotions. 
But for some reason, unknown to her, Damon wanted them to take this torturously slow shower and she decided to play along. 
"I want to wash you. If that's OK." 
In response, Damon took the shower gel and squeezed some on her palms. 
Damon stood unmovingly while studying her exquisite features, like he wanted to commit every curve of her body to his memory. 
Since she came to the Dark Howlers pack, Talia gained a bit of weight, and even though she would still be considered skinny by werewolf's standards, her skin had a healthy glow and there was a noticeable change in her attitude. Talia was not shrinking anymore when facing a tricky situation, and Damon knew that her transformation was not complete. He was looking forward to her changes in the future. 
Talia looked up at Damon and met his piercing gaze. "What?" 
"You are beautiful." 
Talia's cheeks heated due to the intensity of his emotions that hit her hard. She knew that it was not an empty compliment. He really meant it. To him, she was beautiful. 
She could also feel his sincerity and how much he suppressed his urge to make love to her. 
Talia put her arms around his neck and smiled. "You don't need to do this, Damon." 
"Do, what?", he asked cautiously. 
"Hold back.", she responded. "Don't hold back, Damon, because I want…" The next words were stuck in her throat. What happened with her courage? Ah, it seems that the alcohol wore off! 
"What do you want, kitten?", Damon urged her to speak up. He had a good idea where this was going, but he still wanted her to say it. 
Talia inhaled forcibly. "I want… you." 
Damon lowered his head and captured Talia's lips with his into a mind-spinning kiss. 
She was not begging, but she said it. She wanted him, and he was eager to deliver whatever she wanted. 
Talia felt Damon pushing her backward with his body, and she thought that he will take her right there under the shower, but he didn't. 
At some point, he turned off the water and grabbed a towel, and Talia realized what's going on when Damon wrapped her in a fluffy towel carried her to the bedroom. 
He didn't dry his body and he was butt naked, leaving wet footprints mixed with waterdrops as he walked. 
Damon placed Talia on the bed and stood on his arms and legs around her, a drop of water from his damp hair fell on her forehead. 
He leaned lower and kissed that drop of water away. 
"How do you want me, kitten?" His lips moved against her skin. 
"Anything is fine.", she responded. "As long as it's with you." 
"I thought you wanted something different.", he reminded her. "I'm giving you a choice." 
Talia stumbled over her words. "But… I don't know anything other than what we did. And everything we did was… amazing." 
A wicked smile bloomed on Damon's face. He knew that he was her first, but somehow, whenever she confirmed it, it made his ego swell further. 
Talia was pure, unspoiled, and completely his to corrupt. He was up to the challenge. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 258 - Opening To Possibilities (1)
"Do you want to try something new?", Damon asked, and Talia nodded in response as her heart thundered against her chest, threatening to jump out of her ribcage. She was never that nervous. 
Without a word, Damon leaped off the bed and dashed into the closet. 
Talia swallowed hard at the sight of his V-shaped torso, firm ass, and toned legs. She was not sure where to look first. Unfortunately, he moved swiftly so she didn't have enough time to admire the full view but then… even if he walked in slow motion, it wouldn't be slow enough. 
When Damon returned only a few seconds later, Talia's eyes widened at the spectacle his glorious form provided without a single piece of clothing. 
The perfect shape of his body was decorated by the shadows of his tight muscles that rippled as he moved. Mouthwatering. 
Damon's cocky smirk told Talia that he noticed her staring, yet she couldn't stop her eyes from roaming his body. 
Did he flex his muscles? 
He was outrageously handsome, and he knew it! 
Talia was well aware that there was much more to him, as every inch of him was magnificent, but her eyes gravitated to his erection that stood in attention, tempting her with unheard whispers about pleasures that are yet to come, and she pressed her legs together as a wave of arousal swelled within her. 
Damon laid on his side, next to Talia, and his scorching gaze rested on her flushed face for a few seconds before he leaned closer to kiss her lips. The kiss was slow and unhurried. 
She wondered why he didn't embrace her. 
"What…?" Talia asked when silky fabric pressed on her eyes, bringing with it darkness. 
"Shh…", Damon coaxed her, but he didn't pull her hands away, letting her feel the material with the tips of her fingers. 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath when she realized that the thing Damon tied around her head to cover her eyes was a necktie. 
"You said that you want to try something new. If it's uncomfortable, we don't need to do this.", Damon said while nuzzling her neck with his nose. 
He really wanted to bite her there. 
"This is fine." 
She was apprehensive about the darkness, but Damon's presence came with a sense of safety, and she really wanted to see what he was up to. 
Damon took her hand and kissed the inside of her palm. 
"When you shut down one sense, others intensify.", Damon murmured. "Keep in mind that we can stop anytime. I hope you trust me enough for this." 
Talia nodded obediently. She was nervous like hell, but she trusted him with her life. What's one small blindfold? 
Everything they did so far was amazing and she was eager to find out what's next. And he said that they can stop anytime, and she believed him. 
Damon was definitely more experienced than Talia, but he didn't want to do with her what he did with other women. 
Before Talia, sex for Damon was impersonal, purely physical, mechanical act; he would hook up with a woman for that night and leave without saying thank you… actually, the woman would thank him like he gave her a glimpse of something amazing even though he didn't do anything beyond chasing his release. 
Talia was not a hookup. She was not a cheap thrill or a fleeting pleasure. She was his forever, his most important person, and he knew that making her happy will make him happy also. 
Damon took a mental note to do some research on ways to pleasure a woman because, for the first time in his life, Damon didn't care if his release will come later. His mission was to make Talia feel good and he wanted her to beg him for more… on her knees… naked… and even then, he would pay attention to what she wanted. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon slowly undid the towel that was around Talia, revealing her body for him to feast upon. 
He smirked at the sight of her breasts that rose and fell as she breathed rapidly, and he knew that she craved for his proximity, but he wanted her to wait for it a bit longer. 
This was about control. 
Damon was aware that Talia desperately tried to control every aspect of her life. She denied herself many things in order to stay safe, yet here she was now, giving him control in pursuit of pleasures. 
Knowing that Talia lowered her defenses for him, turned him on beyond belief. 
This was much more than just saying 'I love you'. 
This was an absolute trust, an irrevocable confirmation that she was his completely, and he vowed silently that he won't make her regret this decision. 
Talia jolted when she felt Damon's hot palm on her knee. 
"Don't worry, kitten…", Damon murmured close to her ear. "I am right beside you. Or on top of you. Or under you…", he spoke cheekily, and Talia could hear that he was smiling. 
His gentle touch urged her to spreads her legs, and the dip in the mattress told her that he moved there. 
When everything stilled, Talia imagined that Damon was between her legs, on his knees, observing her. 
She was sprawled on the bed, completely exposed for him to see. 
How embarrassing. 
An intense heat crept up Talia's neck and spread over her face, making her feel like she was going to spontaneously combust. 
She fought mightily to hold her arms flat on the bed and not succumb to her urge to cover herself. 
What's the point in covering up when he already saw everything? Besides, she was his to see, his to touch, his to love. Only his. And he was hers. 
Talia wished to see Damon's expression. Was it passionate? Hungry? Did he like what he saw? 
She allowed Damon's emotions to seep into her through their mate bond and she felt arousal, admiration, danger. 
Talia's breath hitched. She was like prey, helpless in front of the predator. Her predator. But she was not afraid because she knew this was Damon, and no matter what he was up to, he won't harm her and it will be good because it's with him. 
Damon observed Talia's naked form and he was sure that he never saw anything more beautiful than the sight in front of him. 
Her damp hair was spread on the pillow around her head, resembling a crown… flushed cheeks, full lips which she was biting slightly because she was nervous. Perfection. 
Damon's eyes rested at the base of her neck, and he really wanted to bite her there, and now that Talia knew they are mates, and she consented to wear his mark, Damon would definitely mark her as his if not for the silly condition her wolf set. 
He comforted himself with the thought that he will deal with Marcy soon and then there will be no obstacles for him to claim Talia as his and leave his mark on her neck for everyone to see. 
Damon swiftly pushed any thoughts related to Marcy away, because no other woman belonged in this situation where Damon and Talia were naked and about to savor each other. 
Damon licked his lips when his sight moved lower from her exquisite collarbones. Her two peaks with one hardened bud each were right there, ready for him to suck on. Her narrow waist was perfect for him to hold while thrusting inside her wantonly, and then there was her treasure cove that was only his to explore… and her perfect long legs that were resting around him. 
She was made for him, his, and the only thing that could make this better would be if he ties her up to the bed. 
His cock lurched at the mental image of Talia's arms and legs spread wide and secured to bedposts, and him devouring her while she screams in ecstasy until she loses her voice. 
He wondered if Talia would allow him to do that. Will she like it? He decided not to go there at this time. His timid kitten was opening her mind and body to possibilities, and he didn't want to push her too fast. There was no rush. They had a lifetime. 
Damon's sight landed on her neatly trimmed intimate bush. Her pink slit was glistening from moisture, like a mark for the spot where he should go first. 
Talia could feel the movement of the mattress as Damon shifted his weight around. 
"You are gorgeous…", Damon said, and Talia jolted when his hand landed on her knee. 
Damon's hot palm glided over her skin, toward the cradle of her thighs, squeezing occasionally, and he enjoyed her soft moans and sighs. 
The tips of Damon's fingers brushed against her flower before he spread her folds to inspect them visually and he leaned closer to take a deep breath that filled his system with the scent of her arousal. Every part of her was inviting. 
Talia's body shivered as she anticipated what he will do next. 
Talia could feel his fingers moving around her clit, igniting sparks that danced over her skin, and she really wanted him to touch her there because what he was doing was torturous. 
The pleasure was right there, but not enough, almost there… almost. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 259 - Opening To Possibilities (2) [Bonus ]
Damon chuckled when he saw Talia squirming under his touch. "Do you want me, kitten?" 
"Yes", she breathed. 
"What do you want?" 
Talia paused when she realized that he wanted her to talk naughty. She bit her lower lip harshly. Can she say what was on her mind? 
Damon removed his hand from down there and Talia panicked in her darkness. Will he stop because she was disobedient and didn't speak up? They barely started! How can he stop? 
Talia felt the urgency for his hand to go back there because her body ached in need of his touch. 
Talia was on the verge of removing the blindfold when she felt the mattress swaying again, and the movement came from all sides. 
Damon's chest brushed against Talia's breasts as he crawled on top of her, and her arms snapped to hold onto him. 
"I don't want to tie you up." Yet. "Keep your hands on the side, kitten", Damon said, and he hummed in approval when Talia reluctantly spread her arms to rest on the bed sheet. 
"I know that this might overwhelming", Damon's breath splashed against her lips. "You don't need to say anything, kitten, but let me know if I am moving too fast or if this is too much." 
His words soothed her anxiety, and Damon continued, "Think about what you want, and I will feel your emotions." 
Talia nodded obediently. Somehow, this game where she couldn't see a thing and she followed Damon's instruction turned her on. There was freedom in letting him do as he pleases because she knew that he won't harm her. The only thing she wished was less chit-chat and more touching. 
Damon hummed in satisfaction. "Arousal. You want my cock inside your pussy." 
Talia opened her mouth to respond snarkily, but then she closed it. What was she supposed to say to his shocking words? However, he was right. She wanted him, but his confidence was irritating. Did he need to rub it in? 
Talia held her breath in anticipation when she felt that his palm was back to caressing her stomach in small circular movements, inching lower with every rotation. 
Damon smiled when he saw her squirming and arching her body in an attempt to get his fingers to reach just a bit lower. He teased her for a while, enjoying every sigh that escaped her lips. 
Talia threw her head backward when his finger finally slipped between her folds and ventured inside her. 
Talia gasped, surprised by her sensitivity. Her every nerve was firing up, making her lose herself as he added a second finger. His fingers glided in and out of her, curving slightly while his palm pressed on her clit and massaged it as his fingers moved. 
Damon loved that her body enjoyed everything he did. 
And just like that, in less than a minute, Talia clutched the bed sheets and screamed as she broke apart in his hand. 
Damon groaned as Talia's orgasm washed over him and he regretted that his fingers were inside her instead of his cock because he needed only a fraction of that pulsating sensation to push him over the edge with her. 
With her sight shut down, Talia's other senses intensified; those same sensations were crashing on Damon and amplifying his need to plunder her insides. 
Lost in his arousal, Damon removed his hand and positioned his erection at her entrance, eager to feel her insides tightening around his shaft. 
"Ahhh!", Talia's ecstatic cry filled the bedroom and she let go of the bedsheets in order to hold onto Damon. 
Damon pried her hands from him and pushed her arms up, pressing on her palms with his into the pillows. Their fingers interlaced and he thrusted inside her like there is no tomorrow. 
Talia shook her head frantically, unsure how to deal with intense sensations that were coming from all directions, including from within her. Damon's scent was all around her, his ragged breathing mixed with groans sounded close to her ear, and his body pressed on hers, and there was the otherworldly friction as he stretched her insides, and the delicious sparks caressed every cell in her body. 
"Fuck!", Damon cursed loudly when his ass buckled, and he released his load inside her as his movements became jerky. 
Talia's body trembled under him as his orgasm crashed on her and she whimpered when she reached another high that was unknown to her previously. 
Damon never came so quickly, and every time with Talia was better than the previous one. 
Her moans and gasps created a symphony that perfectly accompanied the sounds of his skin slapping against hers, and he didn't want to stop. He couldn't stop. 
Her arousal mixed with his, one pleasure amplified the other, and the desire was maddening. 
Damon hoped that his stamina will never run out because he promised to fuck her until daylight, and he was eager to fulfill that promise. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Sometime later… 
Damon gently wiped Talia's body with a damp towel. 
Talia didn't move much, letting him do as he pleases. 
At some point, after her fourth (or was it fifth?) orgasm, Damon removed her blindfold, so now she was able to watch his relaxed expression as he tended to her body. 
His happiness washed over her and there was some lust as well, and their worlds were at peace. 
Talia tensed as he wiped her midsection more than necessary. She was super-sensitive, feeling like she was at the brink of orgasm and his every touch was torturously pleasurable. 
Damon tossed the towel on the side and joined Talia to spoon her from behind. 
He kissed her shoulder. "How are you doing, kitten?" 
Talia sighed. "I don't know how to put this into words." There were so many things, all good ones. "I'm sure you can feel my emotions." 
Damon chuckled with glee. He could feel that she was sated and also craving for more, just how he was. 
His hands moved to fondle her breasts, and he loved how her nipples hardened within seconds in response to his touch. 
A small yawn escaped her lips and Damon's movements paused. 
"Are you sleepy?" 
"A little bit", she admitted. 
Damon frowned. How is he going to indulge in carnal pleasures until daylight if she falls asleep halfway? 
"Aww!", Talia cried when Damon pinched her nipples harshly, radiating pain swiftly morphed into arousal that converged at her core and she moaned. What the hell was that? 
Everything Damon did was amazing, but how was it possible that when he caused her pain, it turned into pleasure? What sorcery was that? 
"You can sleep longer in the morning.", Damon said while lifting her leg and scooting closer to her. 
Talia gasped when she realized that the thing probing at her entrance was his erection. 
Here they go again! 
Any traces of her drowsiness disappeared when he tilted her hips backward to give him better access to her sweet spot, and she didn't resist, not even a little bit. 
"Ahhh...", a loud shaky breath escaped Talia's lips as she plunged into this madness willingly. 
Damon was behind her, his chest pressed on her back, his lips latched onto her neck, his one hand fondled her breasts, while his other one was down there teasing her clit, and he was making his way in and out of her in slow deliberate movements. 
Every move was erotic, amplified by addictive sparks that danced over her skin, urging her to get more of Damon, and her hips moved to meet his on an instinct. He belonged there, deep inside her. 
This was a new position with nothing pressing on her front and she felt exposed. Normally, Damon would be on top of her, sandwiching her between his body and whatever was behind her, and Talia craved for something that would give her a sense of safety. 
With her right hand, Talia grabbed the cover that was bunched on the side and she tried to pull it over her. 
Damon paused the movements of his hips and grabbed her hand. 
"Are you cold, kitten?", he murmured into her ear. 
Talia shook her head in response. How could she be cold? Her body was on fire. But she wanted to cover up because she felt something missing at her front, and when she looked down, she could see her naked body and his hands caressing her flesh, and their legs were intertwined. 
Damon chuckled. "Is this the time to be shy?" The truth was that he loved seeing her flustered. He couldn't see her face from their current position, but he could imagine her adorable expression. 
"I... don't know what to do with my hands.", she came up with something quickly. 
"Let me help you with that…", Damon murmured. 
Talia's eyes widened in shock when she realized that Damon was guiding her right hand toward the cradle of her thighs. 
He moved his fingers over hers, making her touch herself. "Do you like it faster, or slower? With more force, or gentle?" 
Talia never did anything like that. It was stimulating and overwhelming at the same time. 
"That's it, kitten… do what makes you feel good… don't hold back anything in front of me... you are wonderful…", Damon encouraged her and released her hand. 
She closed her eyes and released a shaky breath. Her lame excuse resulted in her touching herself and Damon's hips were moving again. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 260 - Opening To Possibilities (3)
Talia's mind was spinning. 
Damon's firm chest was sticking to her back, his hands roamed over her body, his hot and hard rod was sliding in and out of her and creating friction that came with addictive sparks of their bond, and on top of all that, her own fingers massaged her clit, and she didn't want any of those sensations to stop. 
And just when she thought that this can't get more scandalous, Damon gripped Talia's hip and pushed her body to curve forward, their torsos forming two crescents that were tightly snuggled into each other. 
In that position, Talia could see the scene of Damon's shaft disappearing into her flesh and coming out repeatedly. 
It was raw and embarrassing, but she couldn't stop staring and she even spread her legs further in order to get a better view. 
Talia was not sure if Damon really moved so slowly or if her mind slowed it down for her to see the glistening of her juices on his shaft. 
Was this really happening? To her? With the outrageously handsome Alpha who happened to be her mate? 
The stretch and friction every time he pushed in and pulled out to leave only his tip inside, confirmed that what she was seeing was really happening. 
Talia closed her eyes for a moment, the vivid image still dancing in front of her closed eyes, and she knew that this got engraved into her memory and will be the focal point of her many wet dreams in the future. 
"Touch me", Damon's husky voice sounded close to her ear. 
She had a good guess what he wanted. 
With her free hand, Talia cupped his balls and gave him a squeeze. 
Damon groaned as delicious sparks of their bond danced over his pleasure centers. He never thought that bedding a woman can be this gratifying. 
Talia's scent, her sounds, her touch, everything Talia's was heaven-defying, and he was like an addict, unable to stop. Even if he knew that this was a sure way to hell, he would take it gladly as long as Talia was by his side. 
In his desire for more, Damon's fangs came out on their own and every cell in his body screamed in urgency for him to mark Talia as his for everyone to see. 
A small voice in his head urged him, 'She is your mate… She is yours to claim… She is willing… What are you waiting for?' 
What was he waiting for? 
Right… Talia's wolf… Deal with Marcy… Damn it! 
But Talia's wolf was right. Sure, he didn't sleep with Marcy, but he messed up in so many other ways. From the moment he realized that he can't function without Talia, Damon focused his attention on Talia and shut down everything else, treating it like it's not important. 
If he really thought about Talia, he was supposed to clean up remnants of his past, how much possible, because just turning a new leaf wasn't enough when his fur was full of burdocks like Marcy, Cassie, and many others. 
Talia sensed Damon's dejection growing and his movements faltered. 
It was only for a few seconds, but they were in the middle of something, and he suddenly stopped participating, so she had to ask, "What's wrong?" 
Damon chided himself. What got into him to think about those things now? That was so out of character for him! 
But Talia needed an explanation, so he decided to give her one. 
"Nothing is wrong, kitten.", Damon said while wrapping his arms around her into a tight hug. "I was just thinking how lucky I am to have you in my life. The Moon Goddess made us mates, so I realized how stupid I was and… Ouch!", Damon exclaimed when Talia reached above her head and yanked a handful of his hair. 
"What was that for?" He was pouring his heart out, yet he got a beating. 
"Is this the time for self-reflection?", Talia asked impatiently. She would turn to face him and give him a stern look, but he was holding her from behind and his cock was inside her so… she did what she could. 
Maybe for him sex was normal, and he could do it on and off like flipping a switch, but for her it was new and special, and they were having a moment, damn it! 
"I know you are sorry, we went through that already. I will appreciate it if you focus on right now. I was sleepy, but you got me fired up and made me touch myself and it was all great but then you stopped. Don't stop what you won't finish!", Talia blurted out in one breath. 
"Fuck!", Damon cursed under his breath and bit her shoulder. What was that nonsense about not finishing? 
"You want me to finish what I started?", he growled in a dangerously low voice. 
"Yes!", Talia shouted back, egged by the fact that he bit her, that painful spot radiated in waves of pleasure that spread through her body. "You… You are making me feel things I never thought are possible. Didn't you say that you won't let me go until daylight?" 
Damon's eyebrows shoot up and a sly grin appeared on his face. 
Talia yelped when in one swift move Damon sat on the bed on his knees, with Talia straddling him. 
Talia's eyes widened when she realized that he was inside her. Did he manage that complex maneuver without pulling out, or did he do it without her noticing? 
Talia stared into his icy-blue eyes; their current position placed them on the same eye level. She liked that. Now she didn't need to look up to him. 
Damon grabbed her hips and guided her to move in small circular motions. 
"That's it, kitten… that's it…", he murmured, and Talia gripped his shoulders as he started rocking his hips to meet hers. 
This position provided a different angle, and Talia threw her head back as she enjoyed this new intimacy. 
Damon was showing her new things, just how she wanted, and she loved every minute of it. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia's eyes fluttered open, and she squinted at the daylight that was intrusive. That was not an early morning sun. 
Talia jolted. Did she oversleep? 
"Where are you going?", Damon asked drowsily while wrapping his arms around Talia and pulling her to lean on him. 
"What's the time?" 
"It's early.", he responded without checking. 
"We have guests.", Talia reminded him. 
"And they are all grownups who can take care of themselves. Max and Mindy had a blast last night and they won't get up early. The group from the Lightclaw pack arrived late and they will probably sleep in. But if any of them decides to get up, Steph is there to ensure that the food is served in time for breakfast. As for Axel and his men, they still didn't enter our territory, so there is no need to rush." 
Talia knew that everything he said made sense, but… "As hosts, we should be there to welcome them. Mindy and Max saw us, but Tony and Kalina didn't. It will be rude if they wake up and have breakfast without us." 
Damon groaned and his eyes lost focus for a moment. "I told Steph to notify me when they come down for breakfast. Are you happy now?" 
Talia pouted. Why did he make it sound like he did her a favor? Those are his guests also. And besides… "We should be there before they come down for breakfast." 
"We can't." 
"We can't?" 
"You, Mrs. Blake need to fulfill your morning duties before you go to entertain guests." 
Talia looked at him in confusion. "My duties?" 
Damon grinned. "You need to serve your Alpha." 
Talia couldn't believe him. Did he just insinuate more carnal pleasures? They were going at it for hours last night! 
"Tell me you are kidding.", Talia said. "After what you put me through last night, you should serve me, and not the other way around." 
Talia's face fell when she realized that Damon's grin widened. 
"Ahh!", she screamed when he rolled them over and he ended up on top. "What are you doing?" 
"I am about to serve you, Mrs. Blake." 
Talia tried to wiggle out of his hold. "Don't joke around, Damon. We don't have time for this." 
"I disagree. Do you feel this?" Damon moved his hips, making her feel his hot and hard shaft grinding between her legs. "If you don't take care of me, I will need to meet guests like this, and it will be embarrassing." 
Talia was speechless. "How can you always be horny?" 
"It's not me, kitten." 
"Let me guess. It's my problem." 
He nodded earnestly. "Did you look at yourself? You are so sexy that I can't help it." 
Talia stifled a laugh. Her playful Damon was here, and she loved him very much. Actually, she loved every side of him. 
Damon could feel Talia's defenses softening. "So? Are we game for a round or two?" 
"How can I say, 'no', to my mate?" 
Damon's heart soared. This was the first time she called him her mate. "Say it again." 
Talia looked at the silly Alpha who was happy with so little. She decided to tease him. "You need to earn it." 
"How?", Damon asked reluctantly. 
"Make me feel good." 
"Awoooo!", a howl ripped from Damon's chest, and he didn't care who was listening. His kitten asked him to make her feel good and he was up to the challenge. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 261 - The Guests Are Here (1) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
This bonus chapter is in response to your summoning pens. 
Support the author by reading from the original source where you can enjoy much more than just a story by interacting with the author and readers. 
Thank you! 
- - - 
"AWOOOO!" 
A loud howl shook half-open windows and Maddox jolted from his sleep. 
In his sleepy haze, he was confident that his limbs were obstructed with thick vines, so he haphazardly waved his arms and legs in order to break free, but no matter how much he moved, the vines were coming back. 
He was starting to panic. What the hell was going on? 
Maddox harshly pushed one of the vines that were closing in on his neck when… "Aww!", a muffled female cry was heard from his left, and Maddox realized where he was. 
The Dark Howlers pack. Guest bedroom. 
Those things obstructing him were not vines, but female legs and arms. Four legs and four arms, to be precise, because he had two she-wolves in bed with him. He picked them up in the Shifters nightclub last night. 
Maddox pushed the arms of his bedmates away so he can sit upright. 
The mystery of his location and restraints was solved, but what was that noise? 
Maddox shook the blonde on his left, the one who made sounds previously. "What was that howl?" 
The female groaned before responding, "My Alpha." She would recognize that voice anywhere. 
Maddox shook her again with, "Is there some emergency?" Why else would Damon make such a ruckus early in the morning? 
"There is no emergency. It sounded like he was going to hunt." 
Maddox's lips twitched. What hunt? At this time, Damon was probably in bed with Talia. Did he need to make noise for everyone to hear? Was he rubbing it in? 
Maddox had a good idea what Damon and Talia were doing right at that moment, and he remembered that Damon told him how being with a mate is incomparably better than anything he experienced before. 
Maddox looked left and right at the two she-wolves by his side. A blonde and a brunette. Both of them were fine women with curves in all the right places, ample breasts, and wide hips, just how he loves them. 
Last night, they did all kinds of things that would put the world-famous contortionists to shame, and it was good, but not more than usual. 
If taken daily, even the finest wine starts tasting ordinary. 
Maddox frowned while wondering, is it possible that there is a girl for him out there, one that will make him forget about bedding two or three women at the same time? Surely, the pleasure is there, but it never made him howl randomly. 
Maddox plopped back on the bed and women's limbs slithered toward him to trap him again, and this time he didn't resist. 
Two hands moved toward his crotch area, one from each side, under the cover, straight toward his morning tent, and Maddox pushed all unnecessary thoughts away because the last night's party was still not over. 
The only decision he had to make was if he will pounce first on the girl on his left or on the one on his right. Or maybe he can stack them one on top of the other and just go at it. He did that last night and found that it was efficient. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the garden… 
"Breakfast is this way…", Lily explained to Kalina's sister (aka Tatiana) as she led the way into the garden where the breakfast was being set up on one long table. 
Lilly and Ivy are Omegas from the Lightclaw pack that came to accompany Kalina, per Luna Alicia's suggestion. 
Two Omegas arrived last night. They slept in the common building where Omegas are staying and returned early morning to help with breakfast preparations. 
Their other task is to help newcomers from the Lightclaw pack feel at home, so Lily and Ivy familiarized themselves with the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack beforehand, and now Lily was guiding Tatiana while Ivy was helping with food preparation. 
The breakfast was set up buffet-style with various pastries, spreads, fresh fruits, and hot and cold beverages. 
Three circular tables could accommodate six people each, so there was plenty of seating to choose from. 
Dawn passed by Lily and Tatiana with a big covered plate in her hands, and Tatiana's nose moved as she picked up the scent of freshly roasted sausages. It smelled good. 
Maya and Caden were sitting at one of the tables and they observed Tatiana, a tall brunette that looked like she came from a fashion magazine. Her hair was flat-ironed straight, spot-on makeup and dress that fit her perfectly and matched her shoes. She had jewelry on, and even her shiny nails looked expensive. 
Lily introduced them when they reached there. "These are Beta Caden and Beta Maya. Betas, this is Tatiana, Kalina's sister." 
"Thank you. You may leave.", Maya told Lily and turned to Tatiana who already sat at their table. "We are glad you decided to visit us with Kalina. I am Maya. I hope you will feel at home and tell me if you need anything…" 
After exchanging pleasantries, Maya gestured toward the table where food was being set up. "All the food will be out soon, and you can help yourself." 
"Do people normally sleep late here?", Tatiana asked. 
Maya shrugged. "Not really. I'm sure everyone is awake and getting ready for the day. People should be here in time for breakfast. You can start with a beverage." 
Tatiana let out a long breath. "Coffee sounds good." 
Caden stood up. "Allow me. How do you take your coffee?" 
"Large. Black. No sugar." 
Caden nodded in understanding and scurried toward the table with beverages. He didn't feel like chit-chatting with that posh woman (aka Tatiana). There was nothing wrong with Tatiana, however, when Maya was around, Caden was always on pins and needles when another (unmated) female was around because he needed to be polite toward the woman while not being too polite and making Maya jealous. 
"Did you sleep well?", Maya asked Tatiana while trying to start a chit-chat. In Talia's absence, Maya was the host. 
"Not really.", Tatiana responded and before Maya could make a fuss about it, she quickly added, "I'm jet lagging. Every time I come to the States it takes me days to adjust, and when I can finally feel like a person, I return to Europe." 
"I see…", Maya didn't understand because she never left the United States. Normally, werewolves can function well after skipping a few days of sleep, but eventually, the fatigue will catch up to them. "Let me know if we can make things easier for you." 
"Coffee helps.", Tatiana said, and she looked gratefully at Caden who was approaching with a steaming cup. 
"Good morning, people!", Mindy called cheerfully as she approached the three people at the table. 
She greeted Maya and Caden and then got introduced to Tatiana. 
"Do I have something on my face?", Tatiana asked when she saw that Mindy was giving her a second (and a third) lookover. 
"No, no…", Mindy said. "It's just that considering Lina's style, you are… different." 
Kalina has short hair, styled in a pixie cut, she has tattoos and a sport-ish style of dressing, while Tatiana is sophisticated with long shiny hair, immaculate skin, and extruding elegance all over. 
Compared to Tatiana, Kalina is a tomboy. 
Tatiana put her fingers over her lips and stifled a laugh that sounded gentle like birds chirping. "We get that a lot. Lina is into excitement and adventures, while I am into other things." 
How can Mindy miss this opportunity for asking questions? She never had issues saying what was on her mind. "Other things? Like…?" 
"Fashion.", Tatiana responded, and after a dramatic pause, she added, "I am a fashion designer and I have my company in Europe." 
Maya stared at Tatiana, and now she understood why Kalina's sister looked like she came out of a fashion magazine. Tatiana IS a fashion magazine. 
"Wow!", Mindy exclaimed. "That sounds fantastic. I would love to see some of your works." 
Tatiana smiled. "Sure. Once we get our hands on a tablet, I can show you some. Actually, I have some pieces here with me, I brought them for Lina…" 
"Ah…", Mindy made a sorrowful sound. "I wish that my sister is a fashion designer." 
"What is your sister?", Tatiana asked. 
Mindy made a face. "SHE is my brother who is an Alpha. Other than leading a pack and bedding women, he is not good for anything else. If he is not my brother, I wouldn't speak to him..." 
--- 
You can see Tatiana's photo in the comments.
###Chapter 262 - The Guests Are Here (2)
Tatiana was not sure how to respond to Mindy's words. Shouldn't Alphas be feared and respected? Sure, they are brother and sister, so she won't be punished, but how can Mindy describe her brother as an almost-female womanizer? 
As much as Tatiana was an opinionated woman, she didn't dare act brazenly. After all, she was a guest here and she didn't want to offend anyone. 
"Before meeting Tony and his family, I didn't get a chance to interact with Alphas.", Tatiana responded politically. "I stick to my small circle of friends who are mostly humans." 
Mindy had an idea about this because Kalina told her how she and her four sisters left home in their teens in order to learn about the world and integrate into society. Their family is a bit odd because they are not part of a tightly-knitted pack like what's normal for North America. Instead, they live scattered among humans, and they meet occasionally with other families who embraced a similar lifestyle. Kalina called them werewolf-gypsies. 
Kalina also mentioned that her oldest sister is into fashion, but she didn't mention details. 
"It must be fun to travel and show your work.", Mindy's eyes sparkled as she imagined a high-fashion show, a catwalk, lights, and names of her charities on the wall in the back. That would attract boatloads of donations! "Do you participate in fashion shows? Or do you work for magazines or specific retailers? How much are you involved in picking your models? Guy models are pretty." 
Tatiana made a face. "Pretty, yes. Handsome, no. They are skinny for my taste." 
Mindy agreed with this. For werewolf standards, models are super-skinny, but that's only because they are serving the human fashion industry and in the last few decades, humans became obsessed with slim figures. But models aside, "Living a life of a fashion designer must be luxurious." 
Tatiana bobbed her head. "I'm doing alright." 
"Alright? That's an understatement", Kalina said from the door. She heard her sister. 
Everyone turned to see that Kalina and Tony made an appearance with four other individuals behind them. Those four people Tony brought with him from the Lightclaw pack for training. Three men and one woman. 
"What do you mean, an understatement?", Mindy was curious. 
Kalina lifted her chin proudly. "Did you hear of the brand, Dama T?" 
Mindy paused and then her eyes lit up when she realized what Kalina was talking about. 
"Dama T is you?", Mindy asked Tatiana and when the latter confirmed with a nod, Mindy patted her chest dramatically. 
Dama T is a popular fashion brand with a unique way of combining elegant and practical, and other than being super-exclusive (and super-expensive), the wait to get a garment is months. MONTHS! 
No wonder Tatiana was dressed up fancily. Those were clothes she designed herself! 
Mindy looked at Tatiana with renewed interest. "You are my best friend." 
Tatiana stifled a laugh. "You make friends easily." 
Mindy raised her glass of orange juice in a toast. "What can I say? You are a best friend material. I can tell." 
Tatiana shook her head helplessly and clinked her coffee mug with Mindy's glass of orange juice. She thought that Mindy was entertaining. 
Mindy didn't connect it right away, but she was familiar with the Dama T brand. The success is contributed to one talented and business-savvy designer, a she-wolf who likes to keep a low profile, and that's Tatiana! 
Tatiana is independent, smart, and successful, and she built her brand from the ground up without relying on a man. That's Mindy's cup of tea. 
It's not that Mindy dislikes when a woman relies on a man, but she saw too many she-wolves rising dust only because they have a strong backer. Women like Tatiana are self-made and Mindy respects that immensely. 
Maya and Caden helped everyone settle for breakfast, and Tony introduced the four newcomers: Paul, Greg, Nate, and Meg. 
They were all in their early twenties, and Tony was considering them for various high-level positions in the Lightclaw pack once he becomes an Alpha. He still didn't decide who of the four will take which position, but he hoped to get additional guidance from Damon and Maddox as they go through the training. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
The atmosphere was lively when Damon and Talia joined for breakfast. 
Mindy, Kalina, and Tatiana were chatting in a lively mood, and Tony was at that table, feeding Kalina and making sure her plate was always full. 
The second table was occupied by Paul, Nate, Greg, and Meg. 
Maya and Caden were moving between two tables while ensuring that everyone feels welcome. 
Damon scanned the faces and grinned at Talia. 
"What?", she asked. 
"I told you we won't be last.", Damon said proudly. "Max is still not here." 
Talia would respond something snarky, but Damon's happiness amplified hers and she ended up laughing. She was never so happy, and neither was he. 
Talia and Damon introduced themselves to new faces, and greeted the familiar ones, before sitting at the table with Mindy, Tatiana, Tony, and Kalina. 
Damon went to get food for himself and Talia, and Talia was quick to exchange hugs with Kalina and Mindy. 
Mindy smiled knowingly at Talia. "You look three orgasms happy." 
Talia's eyes flashed in shock. What did Mindy say? 
Behind Talia, at the table with breakfast, Damon's ears perked up. He turned toward Mindy and raised four fingers before mouthing to her, 'four'. 
Of course, Kalina didn't miss this either, and both Kalina and Mindy burst into giggles. 
Talia's face fell when she realized that Mindy and Kalina were looking over her shoulder. Talia snapped to look at Damon who was busy putting croissants onto a plate, like nothing fishy was going on. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line and took a mental note to get back at Damon. She was not sure what he did, but she knew he did something. And it was mischievous. 
Damon returned while carrying two plates full of food and then he went back to get one coffee for himself and an orange juice for Talia. 
After settling next to Talia, Damon started cutting what needed to be cut and spreading what needed to be spread, and then he fed Talia one bite at a time, without care that everyone was watching. 
Actually, Tony was doing the same to Kalina, so neither of the two guys was standing out. 
Both Talia and Kalina enjoyed pampering and Talia noticed the mark on Kalina's neck. It was partially hidden with the collar of Kalina's blouse and Talia took a mental note to ask about it later, in private. 
… 
In the kitchen… 
Stephanie was having breakfast with Dawn, Zina, Ivy, and Lily. 
Maya came to the kitchen earlier to tell them that they can eat in the garden with everyone. "One table is completely free because Axel and his party are not here yet." 
Stephanie refused. "It's fine. We have everything we need here." 
Ivy and Lily thought how that was strange. In the Lightclaw pack, Omegas will never eat with high-ranking members unless it's an official event that everyone is attending. 
Dawn and Zina approved of staying in the kitchen. It would be one thing if it's a party and they can mingle, but this was breakfast, and the atmosphere was much more formal. 
"We can talk freely here, and if we join you we will need to be quiet.", Zina said to Maya. She mostly said this because of Ivy and Lily. It was obvious that the two newcomers were very strict about respecting hierarchy. 
Dawn and Zina were full of questions about the Lightclaw pack, and Ivy and Lily took turns answering them. 
Stephanie's head whipped toward the door a moment before a figure appeared there. 
"Why are you here?", Stephanie asked Lisa stiffly. She didn't want to cause a scene and they agreed that Lisa will stay in the apartment while Stephanie is in the packhouse. 
"Am I not welcome?", Lisa asked, feeling wronged. "Every pack member can come here." 
"True.", Stephanie confirmed. "But no one comes unless they have some business here. That's why I asked, why are you here?" 
Lisa's eyes moved over Dawn and Zina, and her eyebrows shoot up when she saw Lily and Ivy. "I know you." 
"Yes, Miss Lisa", Ivy responded. "We met more than once in the packhouse of the Lightclaw pack." 
"Tony brought you with him.", Lisa guessed. 
"Not exactly.", Lily responded. "We are here to serve Miss Kalina." 
Lisa's expression stiffened. 
"Lisa?", Stephanie called, and Lisa saw that her mother's brows were furrowing. 
"Mom, I know what you are going to say.", Lisa said. "It's OK. Everyone knows that Tony abandoned me when he found his mate and I am having a difficult time accepting the reality. I was sitting in the apartment and going crazy. I need to end this." 
"By coming here?", Stephanie asked with disproval obvious in her voice. 
"What else can I do? Don't worry, I won't cause trouble. I just want to see them. Maybe if I see Tony and Kalina happy, I will be able to accept that the last few years of my life were a lie and I need to move on." 
Stephanie loved that Lisa finally spoke about moving on, but… "I don't think this is a good idea." If Lisa loses her cool and causes an incident, Alpha Damon might really punish her. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 263 - The Guests Are Here (3) [Bonus ]
"Don't you need to talk to Tony and the group he brought here?", Talia asked Damon softly, only for Damon to hear. 
They finished with breakfast and were chatting over beverages while snacking on fruits. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "Are you chasing me away?" 
"Of course, not. But they came here to train. Shouldn't you spend some time with them?" 
The truth was that Talia also wanted to chat with Kalina and Mindy, and Damon's presence made it impossible to have a girl chat. And because of Damon, Tony was there also. 
Damon hugged Talia tightly and spoke into her hair like a child who was wronged, "They will be here for many days with plenty of chances to train and talk and…" 
"And I'm not going anywhere.", Talia interrupted Damon. "I want to talk to ladies and see if they want to go shopping, and you have your things to do." 
Mindy's eyes lit up. "Did someone say, shopping?" 
Damon rolled his eyes at Mindy but didn't say anything. Mindy's blatant way of speaking always rubbed Damon the wrong way, but he ignored her on those few occasions they met because of Maddox. However, since Talia was here, this was his third time to see Mindy within a month and there were instances when he wanted to install a zipper on her mouth. 
However, Damon knew that Talia was right, but that didn't make it easy to separate. He wanted Talia in his touching distance all the time. 
Yes, he was going to the neighboring table, and he knew that soon they will head to the training grounds for Tony and his people to see the equipment, meet Damon's generals, and discuss upcoming training, but even if his distance from Talia was only three steps, that was three steps too many. 
Damon looked at Talia and then gave her a long toe-curling kiss, right there in the garden, for everyone to see. 
When Damon inched away, Talia was breathless and flustered. 
"Think about me while I'm away, kitten.", Damon said with all the seriousness in the world, and Talia was not sure how to respond to this because his emotions confirmed his insecurities and yearning. 
Instead of saying anything, Talia gave him a big hug. 
Yes, Damon was an Alpha, feared and respected by many, but to Talia, he was Damon. Just Damon. 
They held each other in silence, enjoying their mixed scents and everything was the way it should be. 
Eventually, Talia spoke, "Focus on what you are doing, so that you finish as soon as possible. When work is done, we can have fun. I miss you already." 
After a few quick kisses, Damon stood up reluctantly and beckoned Tony to follow him to the other table. 
Maya joined Tatiana, Kalina, Mindy, and Talia, and five women started discussing plans for the next few days so that they can come up with what they needed to buy during their shopping outing. 
Talia's eyes rested on the other table, and Mindy noticed. 
Mindy playfully nudged Talia. "Damon will not disappear if you don't look at him." 
"I know." 
"So why are you looking there?", Mindy challenged her. 
"I was not looking at him.", Talia said. 
Before Mindy could ask more questions, Talia stood up to walk there. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Since Damon left and Maya joined, Mindy and Tatiana were leading the discussion related to girl-shopping and Talia noticed Meg glancing their way. 
As someone who was ignored and neglected for most of her life, Talia was sensitive to these things. 
Talia approached the second table and put her hand on Damon's shoulder. This small act made everyone look at Talia. 
Talia glanced at everyone before asking Damon, "Is it OK if Meg joins us for the morning?" 
Damon was amazed to see that Talia took the initiative to invite Meg. His little kitten was taking care of their guests, like a true Luna, and Damon was delighted to see her grow. 
Tony frowned. "We came here to train." 
Talia's gaze didn't move from Damon. "You said that there will be plenty of chances for them to train, and we are going shopping as a group only today." 
How can Damon say no to that? "If Meg wants to join, I don't see a problem." 
Tony's frown deepened. Why was everyone talking like he was not there? 
Meg's eyes sparkled and she swiftly stood up and bowed toward Tony. "I will make sure to make up for whatever I miss." 
Damon cocked a finger beckoning Talia to come closer. "I fulfilled your wish. How will you repay me for this, hmm?" 
Talia's eyes flashed in shock as she didn't miss Damon's suggestive tone. But more than his tone, his left hand landed at the back of her knee and was inching higher under her skirt! 
"In private.", Talia responded in an urgent whisper. 
Damon's lips curved into a mischievous grin. "That's exactly what I had on my mind." 
Talia was flabbergasted. She meant that they should discuss that in private, and not that she will repay him in private, but then… was there any point in arguing with Damon? 
Talia moved her legs so that Damon's naughty hand can't reach her, and she swiftly leaned to peck his lips. "Thanks, you are the best." With that, Talia turned to walk away with Meg by her side. 
Damon looked at two retreating backs, one belonging to a brunette-something and the other one was his mate's, his kitten, the most dazzling woman in the world. 
He couldn't wait to be done with work and to return to his fun with Talia. Ah, he was hard already! That made it difficult to focus on a talk about training with five guys at the table. 
… 
Meg accepted Talia's invitation gladly, but when she reached the other table, she hesitated. 
Meg grew up in the Lightclaw pack where hierarchy is strictly respected, and at the table in front of her was her future Luna (aka Kalina), a celebrity with an Alpha bloodline (aka Mindy), and a Beta (aka Maya). Talia and Tatiana didn't have any official standing but both of them had an exquisite aura that told Meg they are not to be trifled with. 
Maya pushed the plate with fruits closer to Meg. "We will go to the beach at least once, so you will need a swimsuit. Other than that, we will go to a spa and maybe overnight camping…" 
Meg listened as Maya was telling her plan of activities for the next few days and she relaxed seeing that everyone was acting normally. 
Kalina scooted closer to Talia. "I see that you and Alpha Damon are still going strong. Actually, you are chummier than you were at my pack." She looked at Talia expectantly, obviously waiting for Talia to clarify her relationship status with Damon. 
Talia glanced around the table. Everyone seemed friendly. Meg was totally focused on what Maya was saying, Maya and Mindy already knew, and it was only a matter of time before others hear about it also… 
Talia's heart pounded wildly, and she inhaled forcibly before saying, "We are mates." 
"I knew it!", Kalina exclaimed excitedly. "No wonder you are so clingy." Kalina glanced at Talia's neck. "Don't worry. It gets better after marking." 
"It does?", Talia asked, genuinely curious. 
Kalina nodded and craned her neck to expose Tony's mark on her neck. It looked like a dark brown tattoo in the shape of a wolf's paw that extended into a crescent moon. 
"Once his mark is on you, it's like confirmation that you belong to him. Many guys won't hit on you once they see you are taken, and also, no one wants to provoke an Alpha.", Kalina explained and lowered her voice as she continued, "I assume you have your reason for not announcing it. Are you planning a big surprise party?" 
Oh, boy. Somehow, Talia knew that she will need to explain this. Again. "It's nothing like that. Damon needs to deal with some things first." 
"Like what?", Kalina continued probing. 
Talia hesitated, unsure how to say this. But there was no way to make it sound more pleasant. "Marcy will be here tomorrow this time." 
Kalina blinked once, twice, and then she asked, "Marcy, who? The one who came onto you in front of the restroom at my party?" And after that Marcy was trying to get close to Kalina, but that was not related to Talia. 
... 
This bonus chapter is in response to your summoning pens, a feature available only on the WebNovel app which you can find in AppStore (iOS) and Google Play (Android). 
... 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 264 - The Guests Are Here (4)
Kalina was not sure if her ears malfunctioned. Did Talia say that Marcy was coming? Marcy, from the Red Moon pack? 
Seeing that Kalina was shocked, Talia explained, "Marcy believes that Damon will make her his Luna, and even though he never made any promises, and they are not engaged, he didn't reject her outright either." 
"What?", Kalina blurted out before Talia could say anything else. 
Talia raised her hand, indicating to Kalina to be patient. "Damon has no intention of making Marcy his Luna, but considering her background, he couldn't reject her outright without a valid reason and if he announces that I'm his mate, he fears that they might target me in order to make him mateless. Damon needs to deal with the situation delicately in order not to escalate." 
Kalina didn't like this. "And what will you do while he handles Marcy delicately? Now is Marcy, and tomorrow will be another she-wolf with a powerful background. What will happen when Marcy comes? Are you going to watch as she throws herself at him?" 
"Don't make him look like a bad guy.", Talia was quick to jump to Damon's defense. She couldn't say that Marcy coming was her wolf's idea, but Talia knew the reason behind her wolf's actions and even though Talia thought that her wolf was harsh, Talia didn't completely disagree with her wolf either. 
"It is a way for him to show his sincerity.", Talia said eventually. 
Kalina glanced at Mindy who observed all this in silence. "You knew about this." 
Mindy had nothing to hide. "Lia told me last night." 
"And you are OK with that?", Kalina asked Mindy. 
"What do you expect me to do?" 
Kalina pinched the roof of her nose. "There are so many ways this can go wrong." 
Tatiana snorted while keeping her coffee mug back on the table. "And there are so many ways for you to stay out of other people's business." 
Kalina frowned at her sister. "Lia is my friend, and I am worried about her." 
"Worry is one thing but poking your nose in someone else's relationship is another. It's obvious that Talia is not comfortable with this. Instead of adding oil to the fire, you should ask how you can help or stay out of it.", Tatiana said in an official tone of an elder sister. 
"This is not some random Dick or Harry. This is Talia's mate.", Kalina said. 
Tatiana shrugged. "You can call him Dick, Harry, or whatever you want, but if he is a cheater, the mate bond won't turn him into a saint." Tatiana glanced at Talia. "I'm not saying that your Damon is a cheater. I was just talking in general." 
When Talia gave a stiff nod, Tatiana continued talking to Kalina. 
"Regardless of if they are mates or not, when one of them sleeps around, the other one is suffering. But this is Talia's relationship and unless you have proof that Alpha Damon will get chummy with another woman, I suggest you tone it down." 
Kalina and her sisters grew up in an environment that was mostly consisting of humans, and they are not advocates of a concept of how the Moon Goddess knows best, and that the mate bond is a universal recipe for happiness. They believe that for a successful relationship both sides need to make effort, and the mate bond only makes things easier. However, if a person is crooked, no amount of mate bond will fix that. 
Kalina pressed her lips into a line and turned to Talia. "I am sorry. I didn't mean to draw a wedge between you and Alpha Damon. I was talking from my perspective. If Tony was planning to get close to his ex, for whatever reason, I would be unsettled." 
"I am unsettled also.", Talia admitted. "But Damon is an Alpha, and Marcy is a daughter of an Alpha who is set on making Marcy Damon's Luna. I can't prioritize what's comfortable for me and risk a war between packs. It might take a few days, but Damon said he will handle Marcy and send her packing, and I believe him." 
Kalina swallowed counter-arguments and decided to pat Talia's hand while comforting her, "I'm sure it will be OK. I can see that Alpha Damon adores you. If you need something, let me know." 
"We can hide a body. Or make it look like an accident.", Mindy chimed in. Since her last night's talk with Talia, she was thinking about it. 
"I would never suggest something like that if privacy was not guaranteed. I know that my sister won't rat on me, but others…", Kalina's voice trailed as she glanced at the table where guys were sitting. They are werewolves, and if they focus, they can hear them. And Meg and Maya were right there! 
Talia stifled a giggle. "I am happy to have you as friends." She really was. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maddox got out of the bathroom, fresh as a daisy and ready for the day. 
He paused at the sight of a bed that had two naked she-wolves on it. Did they go back to sleep? 
Maddox shook his head and approached the bed stealthily. 
'SLAP! SLAP!' 
Two white buttocks got Maddox's bright red palmprint. 
"Aww!", female voices cried in protest as they were jolted awake. 
"That was not nice.", the blonde woman said while rubbing her buttocks. 
"You liked it last night.", Maddox said with a grin. 
She pouted. "That was with you inside me." She gave him a sultry look, obviously inviting him back to bed. 
Maddox felt something stirring in his groin area. 
'Down boy! At this rate, we won't come out of this room.', Maddox mentally communicated with his growing cock, but the guy down there was not listening because the brunette spread her legs and was touching herself. 
Maddox swallowed hard and he peeled his eyes from two women with difficulty. Damn it! 
"Sorry ladies, but this Alpha has work to do." And he was hungry also. 
Both women made soft cries of displeasure, but Maddox stood unwavering. 
"You know the drill." He gestured toward the bathroom. "Feel free to freshen up, and then scram." 
This was a standard procedure for an Alpha. Actually, by not kicking them out before dawn, Maddox showed courtesy. Normally, an Alpha won't spend the whole night with a she-wolf he hooked up with, and these two got a night and the morning. 
The blonde was not willing to leave easily. "Can we hook up tonight?" 
Maddox paused. The two she-wolves are fine-looking women, open to do whatever he asked, but there are plenty of those for him to pick a different one every night, which he usually does. However, he didn't feel like refusing her outright either. 
"I will be in the Shifters tonight. Anything is possible.", Maddox responded mysteriously before leaving the room. 
The blonde pouted and plopped back in the bed. 
The brunette spoke, "Why did you ask if you knew that the only answer will be a rejection?" 
"Can you blame me?" 
The brunette exhaled with a dreamy expression. "No. Last night was fantastic. Let's hit the shower." 
"We can stay here for a minute." The blonde hugged the pillow Maddox slept on and she took a deep breath, inhaling his scent. 
"If Alpha Maddox returns and we are still here, we will be punished." 
The blonde giggled. "If punishment is spanking, he can punish me anytime." Her words were defiant, but she still scooted off the bed and headed to the bathroom with the brunette following two steps behind her. 
… 
Maddox walked down the stairs in a good mood. 
Other than Damon waking him up with that wretched howl, Maddox's morning was fantastic and if he was not so hungry, he would still be in his bedroom with those two she-wolves. 
The uncomfortable gaping hole in his stomach made him think about what he will eat first. 
Breakfast at the Dark Howlers pack often included scrambled eggs, sausages, and waffles. But there were other delicacies also. Stephanie was not a trained cook, but there was always a taste of motherly care in the food she made and that is something difficult to find. 
Maddox's stomach growled and he sped up toward the dining room. 
His steps slowed down when he saw a young woman leaning into the closed window to see outside into the garden. Her chestnut-colored hair fell on the side, concealing most of her face, but he was almost confident that he has never seen that Omega before. 
A new girl working in the packhouse? Possible. 
She was so consumed with whatever was outside, that she didn't notice him. 
What she was up to? Was she peeping? 
The double door leading to the garden was open, only a few steps away, and she could easily walk out and see better what she wants. 
She was standing on her toes, bending at an awkward angle over the windowsill with her ass perked up. 
Maddox was always an ass-guy, so he stopped to give her another look. Her behind was not so well rounded compared to the ones he left in the bed, but she was not bad. 
Maddox's nose picked up a mouthwatering scent of coffee. He really wanted some now. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 265 - The Guests Are Here (5) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
Here is a bonus chapter for your wonderful summoning pens (available only if you are using the NovelFire app). 
--- 
Lisa stood at the window, hungrily taking in the sight of the garden. 
Lisa was happy that Stephanie let her come after some fussing. Lisa was determined and even if Stephanie somehow restricts Lisa now, it would only make Lisa bolder for the next time. 
Lisa knew that her mother was watching her from nearby, but Lisa didn't care. As long as Lisa got what she wanted, it was fine. And she really wanted to see Tony. In person. 
What was Lisa trying to achieve by peeping on them? Or was peeping just the first step and she would approach them? Lisa was not sure, but her heart tightened with longing at the sight of Tony who sat there with Alpha Damon, Caden, Nate, Greg, and Paul, and her legs refused to move as she drifted into memories. 
Lisa recognized three men that Tony brought with him, of course, she did. They were all mingling together not so long ago. Lisa also spotted Meg at the other table, another familiar face from the Lightclaw pack. 
They were chatting and eating, and they moved on with their lives like Lisa never existed. Was no one missing her? 
Lisa's anger was appeased when she saw that Kalina and Tony were sitting at separate tables. 
Tony never allowed Lisa to join when he was doing business as the future Alpha of the Lightclaw pack. Seeing that Kalina was also separated from Tony, made Lisa feel better. A little bit. 
Lisa was lost in her thoughts, and she didn't notice Maddox approaching her. 
"Mhm…" 
Lisa jolted when Maddox cleared his throat behind her. 
She turned to face him swiftly and patted her chest dramatically. 
"Alpha Maddox", Lisa said when she found her voice. 
"I assume the breakfast is in the garden today.", Maddox said while studying Lisa's features. She was definitely a new face. 
Lisa nodded in small jerky movements. 
Maddox looked down at her seriously. "I suggest you stop acting secretively because Alpha Damon might mistake you for a spy. You don't need to escort me. I know the way. You can go about your duties." 
Maddox winked at her and moved along. 
Lisa blinked. Was Maddox flirty with her? 
Ha! Another Alpha took interest in her! Tony was not the only one! 
In the next moment, Lisa's brows came together in a frown. 
What the hell!? Did he just tell her to go about her duties? Did he treat her like some no-name Omega? 
She balled her hands into fists. 
Lisa knew who Alpha Maddox was, yet he didn't recognize her! But of course, Tony didn't take Lisa with him to official gatherings. How could Alpha Maddox know who she is? 
Lisa's dejection mixed with rage. She was known as Tony's girlfriend, some even thought of her as the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack and now…? Who was she now? A no-name Omega? 
Lisa felt wronged and she couldn't accept that her dreams slipped through her fingers. There was nothing she could do about it. 
She turned back toward the window and her eyes bulged out when she realized that Tony was not at the table. Where did he go? And Alpha Damon was also missing. 
… 
-- This work is published on WebNovel (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Outside, a minute ago… 
Tony asked Damon if they can take a walk. It was obvious that he wanted to discuss something in private. 
"What do you think about the four I brought with me?", Tony asked Damon. "I am interested in the first impressions." 
Damon frowned when he glanced behind. He didn't like that Talia was out of his visual range. That girl is like a magnet for trouble. 
Damon thought that Tony wanted to talk about something important, yet he asked about first impressions. What the heck? Will he be asking about second and third impressions also? How insecure can a guy get? 
Damon reminded himself to be nice. Tony came because he needs help and Tony's father is a shitty example of an Alpha. Damon didn't approve of those old-fashioned practices Lightclaw pack is following, because selected few are prospering while others are serving them, like they live in Middle Ages. 
If Damon can help them evolve into a modernized pack by showing Tony the way, he will do it. 
The first step is that Tony needs to gain confidence. 
"What are you expecting me to say?", Damon asked. 
"When you enter the room with Caden, everything stops, you command attention, and for me… that's not the case." 
"Caden and I are doing this for a decade, and you didn't even start.", Damon offered a few words of encouragement. "You wanted to hear my first impression. I noticed that your people fear you and are looking for your approval. That's not the right way." 
Tony needed more information. "Can you elaborate on that?" 
"Caden is my Beta. I can make him submit, but I won't because I don't need him to just follow my orders. We established a few basic rules, and other than that, Caden is free to do what he believes it's right. He is my right hand, my friend. We depend on each other in the conference room, and when facing rogues. I want Caden to use his head and he can't do that if he fears the consequences of angering me. In private, we are talking as equals, and I expect his honest perspective. In public, there is respect that goes both ways. Do you understand where I am going with this?" 
Tony understood that this was triggered by Meg bowing to Tony while talking. 
"I will ask them to be more casual.", Tony said. 
"You will need to do more than that. In order to have reliable people around you, you need to reach the point where you will trust each other. That will take time. Ask yourself, do you want them to watch your back on the battlefield? Will they be just your meat shields, or will you put yourself at risk for them? That will make the distinction if they are your hands or your pawns." 
Tony nodded at Damon's words and switched the topic to something that was less abstract, "I look forward to you testing their performance. I have high hopes for Meg." 
"Meg?", Damon asked with surprise obvious in his voice. 
Damon assumed that Meg came here as support or a backup, yet now it seemed that Tony had other plans for her. It's not that Damon was looking down on Meg, but at The Lightclaw pack, females don't hold high-level positions. 
Damon was hoping that Tony will start changing the obsolete practices of his pack, but having a female holding a high-level position from the start will definitely cause waves and Tony didn't seem like a guy who can withstand it. 
Tony understood what Damon was thinking. "My father wants Paul to be my Beta because Paul's father is my father's Beta. But Meg is faster and smarter than Paul. Her grandfather was a Beta, so she has it in her blood. Meg is dependable, and I went to high school with her. Nate and Greg are also good guys, but out of the four, I have the most confidence in Meg." 
Damon was surprised. It's not that Tony wanted to give Meg a high-ranking position, but he wanted to make her a Beta! That's second only to Alpha. 
"Will your father allow a female Beta?" 
Tony made a complex expression. "He won't like it, but we are talking about my Beta, not his. To be honest, the best would be if Meg finds her mate and he ends up being a Beta. Then I would take him and her mate as my Betas." 
Damon's enthusiasm deflated when he heard that Tony was looking for an easy way out. 
"Don't forget what I told you. A pack can't have two Alphas. When the time comes, you will need to decide if you will stay in your father's shadow or stand up to him. And things might turn ugly." 
Tony responded with a stiff smile and, "That's why I am here. Teach me what an Alpha should know, and you will have my eternal gratitude…" 
… 
Maddox walked into the garden and after identifying the table with food, Maddox's eyes moved from the closest round table (that was empty) to the second table where Caden and three other guys were sitting, and then he glanced to the last table where he spotted Mindy among a bunch of females. 
Caden raised his hand to wave at Maddox in greeting, and the latter pointed at the table where food was. 
Food first, then everything else. 
The closer Maddox was to the food, the hungrier he was. 
Maddox poured himself a cup of much-needed coffee and took a sip while eyeing the choices. Everything was edible, and he was not a very picky eater, so he took a slice of toasted bread (because it was the first thing next to hot beverages) and started applying strawberry jam on it. 
The moment Maddox took a bite of toast with strawberry jam on it, a small breeze reached him, and Maddox took a deep breath. 
Why did the strawberry jam smell so good? 
Maddox sniffed the toast in his hand. It smelled of strawberries, but there was something even more strawberry-ish coming from somewhere else and it made him drool a little. What the…? 
On an instinct, Maddox straightened up and looked at the table where Mindy was sitting with five other women. 
For a moment, Maddox's sight blurred, and he zeroed in on a brunette that had long shiny hair. Her back was facing him, but Maddox saw a pair of long legs sticking out of a black minidress. 
And then he heard a voice in his head, "Mate!" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 266 - The Guests Are Here (6)
At the table where Talia, Maya, Mindy, Kalina, Tatiana, and Meg were sitting… 
Mindy looked at Talia with a sulky expression. "Now that I know you and Damon are mates, I guess we can forget about beach volleyball with men vs women." 
Talia didn't understand from where that comment came. "Why? 
"Will you play against Damon?", Mindy responded with a question, and then she turned to Kalina. "And you also. Will you play against Tony?" 
"Them being mates doesn't mean they lost their minds.", Tatiana said while rubbing her right temple. Was she getting a headache? "Don't underestimate my sister. And I have a feeling that Talia also has a fighting spirit." 
Mindy bobbed her head. "I am not underestimating anyone, but I grew up with a typical Alpha, and I can confirm that Alphas don't like to lose. If they play in opposing teams, one of them will lose and in that case, guys will either sulk because they lost or will be rubbing it in." Probably rubbing it in because Alphas are unmatched in competitions that are about anything physical. "I wanted us to play girls vs boys, but I don't want to cause discord in any relationship." 
Talia wanted to say how Tatiana was right, but Mindy had a point also. Unless she teams up with Damon, the next few days will be difficult no matter if Damon lost or won. But then… she wanted to be in a team with Damon. 
Tatiana cocked her eyebrow at Mindy. "Why are you talking like that's a guy thing? Do YOU like to lose?" 
Mindy paused. Tatiana was right. Mindy hates losing, but this was more about accepting a loss and she knows that Maddox will rather pull his hair out than suffer a loss. At the Summer Solstice festival, Maddox was cool, but when they reached home, he threw a fit because their soccer team didn't reach the finals (and won), and he punished them all with an increased training regime. 
But Mindy didn't want to argue with Tatiana on this. In a way, both of them were right and Mindy wanted Tatiana to have a good opinion of her, so she yielded. "I admit. You are right. And that's why the two of us are going to be in a team, Tatiana." 
Tatiana's neatly groomed brows came together in a frown. She was not in the mood for chasing a ball. Other than not being the sport-ish type (for a werewolf), she was heavily jet lagging, but she didn't want to complain because it might make her sound weak, and she will never admit weakness. 
However, she decided to say, "If we are a team, stop calling me Tatiana. Friends call me Tanya." 
"Tanya.", Mindy said with a satisfied smirk. Finally, Tatiana confirmed they are friends! Ah, it took Tatiana one whole breakfast to accept Mindy! 
Talia perked up when Tatiana told her that she can call her Tanya also. Ah, another friend! 
"I heard that Lina calls you Lia. Can I call you like that?", Tatiana asked. 
"Sure. Lina is the one who gave me that nickname.", Talia said cheerfully and then her face dropped. "Are you alright?" 
"Oh, my…", Kalina said under her breath while staring at her sister who seemed to be in a daze. 
"Oh, my!", Mindy exclaimed when she realized that Maddox was approaching them with an equally dazed expression. 
"What's going on?", Talia asked with panic in her voice. Why did Tatiana and Maddox seem to be in some trance? Was something wrong with the food? 
"Mates", Maya said breathily, and Meg's eyes were darting from Tatiana to Maddox, resembling someone who was following a ball during a ping-pong match. 
It was always exciting to see the moment when mates recognize each other. 
Talia's eyes widened and her heart rate increased when she realized what was happening right in front of her. Mates! This was important! 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Tatiana turned backward robotically and stood up in slow motion while staring at Maddox who stopped when he was one step away from her. 
Everything stilled. Even the birds muted their chirping as Maddox's and Tatiana's eyes regained focus. 
Maddox swallowed hard while wondering what happened. One moment he was starving and taking a bite of toast with strawberry jam over there, and now he was standing in front of the most beautiful woman in the world who smelled of strawberries and it was so delicious that saliva pooled into his mouth. And he was not hungry anymore, at least not for food, but he definitely wanted to sample the Goddess in front of him. 
Tatiana blinked. How was it possible that there was such a handsome man in the world? And he smelled delicious, like dark coffee. Bittersweet and rich with a promise of a velvety smooth texture and Maddox's sun-kissed tan gave him a tropical feel, like Kona Coffee from Hawaii. 
Every cell in Tatiana's body screamed to drink him up. 
Maddox stood awkwardly, unsure what to do. His brain was stuttering, and he couldn't come up with anything reasonable. His instincts told him to get closer, but he didn't even know her name. Yeah. A name. That's a good start. 
"I am Max." 
Maddox's deep voice made Tatiana feel funny in the pit of her stomach. She was never aroused just by the sound of someone's voice. Mates! 
Did he say his name is Max? Who cares? 
Tatiana grabbed Maddox's collar and yanked him down and his body bent like it was made out of soft clay, for Tatiana to do what she wanted. 
Their lips touched first, jolting both of them with fantastic sparks, and Tatiana devoured his lips with urgency. He was delicious, better than she imagined. 
A few moments later, Maddox realized what's going on. That enchanting woman was kissing him! 
And it was not just kissing, but there were sparks, and she smelled amazing, and her tongue was in his mouth already! 
Damn! That's his mate, and she is a spitfire! 
Maddox's big arms wrapped around Tatiana and pulled her toward him. 
The moment their bodies connected, his tongue caught up with Tatiana's in a seductive dance that consumed them completely. 
Neither of them cared that there was an audience around them. 
Tatiana was ecstatic that her mate was so impressive. 
Maddox's body was firm as he towered above her, and his solid embrace cocooned her with a promise of endless carnal pleasures. His addictive flavor was even better than his scent because it came with spicy afternotes that entered Tatiana's system and ran through her veins, embedding Maddox's existence as part of her. 
Her fingers laced into his hair, and she gripped it firmly. Mine! 
Maddox was already half-hard and when Tatiana moaned into his mouth, his cock lurched painfully in response. He really wanted to push her on the ground right there and claim her every cavity as his. 
Talia was surprised by this development and happy that she got to see it up close. It was her first time to see mates recognizing each other, and it was fantastic! 
Talia's eyes moved to the side, and she smiled at the sight of Damon who was standing there and staring stupidly at Maddox and Tatiana, obviously wondering what's going on. 
Until a few seconds ago, Damon was talking with Tony, but when he felt Talia's panic, he rushed back thinking that the silly girl got herself into some kind of trouble again. Talia was upset because Tatiana's behavior was odd, but Damon didn't know that, and now that Maddox was making out with Kalina's sister for everyone to see, Damon was totally confused. 
Damon saw Talia approaching him and he extended his arm toward Talia while looking at her questionably. 
Talia accepted Damon's hand and snuggled in his embrace before whispering, "Mates." 
Damon needed a moment to process this. 
An evil grin appeared on Damon's handsome face. Maddox, who was making fun of Damon for being a wuss with Talia, was now standing there and kissing Tatiana like there is no tomorrow, and Damon definitely saw that Tatiana kissed Maddox first. 
Ha! Damon will have a blast with this. A woman made her first move on Maddox! Who is a wuss now? 
Damon felt that Talia's emotions were warm and fuzzy, and his heart cracked. 
"What's wrong?", Talia asked softly. 
Damon pressed his lips on her forehead and spoke without pulling back, "If I was not an immature idiot, I would hold you like that when we met the first time." 
Damon never paid much attention to these scenes, but he knew that when mates meet, their bond is forming and emotions are sizzling, and he regretted that Talia missed it, and it was all his fault. 
Talia didn't agree. "If you came onto me like that, I would run for my life, and when you caught me, I would die of anxiety. I was timid and ignorant and…" Unworthy. Was she worthy now? Talia was not sure, but she was working on it. 
"You are perfect, kitten", Damon murmured and tightened his hold on her. "I guess both of us came a long way since then." 
Talia nodded in agreement with this. In just a few short weeks, Damon transformed from a scary Alpha to someone she relies on, someone who makes her feel safe. He is her home. Her everything. 
... 
Check the picture of Alpha Maddox and Tatiana in the comments. 
... 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 267 - The Guests Are Here (7) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
Here is a bonus chapter to celebrate 2 million views on the NovelFire platform! 
Thank you for supporting my work and reading from the original source! 
You are amazing! 
If you are reading from a source other than WebNovel (w e b n o v e l . c o m), please stop supporting pirates who are stealing my work. Thank you! 
- - - 
Maddox and Tatiana broke the kiss and they stared at each other with foolish grins on their faces, unaware that Mindy was two steps away from them, shifting her weight from one leg to another while counting silently to ten. 
When Mindy reached to ten, she pounced on the duo, wrapping her hands around both of them. 
"I have the best sister-in-law!", Mindy exclaimed, ignoring her brother's glare. Mindy turned to Kalina and waved at her to come. "We are family now! Come! It's time for a group hug!" 
Kalina smiled helplessly and walked to the trio, but she didn't join the hug. 
"Congratulations. I am happy for you.", Kalina said and tugged Mindy's arm. "We should give them space so they can get to know each other. We can do hugging and everything else later." 
Mindy bobbed her head. "They will get to know each other, alright. And while they are doing that, we should celebrate! Oh, I should call mom and dad and tell them! This is big news!" 
Kalina put her hand on Mindy's shoulder and gave her a squeeze in a silent plea for Mindy to calm down. "Don't tell them because they will make a fuss and start with formalities. We should give them a few days to enjoy." 
Kalina knew this very well. After only two days of bliss with Tony, he took her to the Lightclaw pack, and all the future-Luna commotion that waited for them there cast a shade on her happiness. 
Mindy pressed her lips into a line. She really wanted to be the first one to tell their parents that her big brother found his mate, the Luna of the Blue River pack. But seeing Kalina's serious expression that spoke volumes, Mindy decided to hold back on it. 
"OK. Then… Let's buy some stuff during our shopping and we can celebrate here, just us." Mindy turned to Talia and shouted, "Join us in planning! We need to accommodate changes for our beach outing this afternoon!" 
Tatiana was jet lagging, and she was dazed by the newly found mate bond, so her brain was not as alert as normally. She blinked once, twice… Did Mindy call her 'sister-in-law', or did she imagine it? 
But before Tatiana could make sense of her current situation, Damon and Talia approached them, and they were followed by Maya, Meg, Caden, and the others, everyone with smiles on their faces, ready to give hugs, shake hands, and shower them with congratulations and well wishes. 
… 
From inside the packhouse, Lisa observed the scene of Maddox and Tatiana kissing, and then Mindy giving them a hug, and then others gathered there as well. 
Lisa already heard that Kalina's sister will be coming, and considering that Tatiana was the only unknown face, Lisa easily guessed which one was Kalina's sister. Why did she become the center of attention? 
Lisa didn't like this. 
Talia was too cozy by Damon's side, with Damon holding her close to him. Tony's arm was wrapped around Kalina's shoulders, and they spoke something with Maya and Caden and then everyone burst into laughter, Mindy, Nate, Greg, Paul, and Meg included. 
Lisa had no idea what's going on, but she knew that the mood outside was good, and she was not included. 
Even a total newcomer like Tatiana was accepted as part of that group while Lisa stood on the side like an outcast. Where is justice? 
She couldn't hear what they were talking about, but she definitely heard when Mindy shouted how they will be going to the beach in the afternoon. That gave Lisa an idea. 
… 
-- This work is published on WebNovel (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
When everyone congratulated them, Maddox turned to Tatiana. 
"How about we sit there?", he gestured toward the table that was empty so far, and Tatiana nodded in agreement. 
Maddox pulled a chair for her to sit, and she watched him as he dashed to the table with breakfast items. 
Why did Maddox decide to get food without asking Tatiana if she was hungry? Maddox was not sure, but he had an inexplicable impulse to feed her. And it was more than just food; he had an urge to make sure her every need and want was satisfied, and that urge was maddening, so he hurried up, disregarding the fact that he didn't know her name at this point. 
Tatiana couldn't stop staring at Maddox. That gray suit jacket was unable to hide his outrageously handsome body that captivated her attention completely as he filled two plates with food haphazardly. 
One sausage bounced off the plate and fell on the ground and Maddox took a napkin to pick it up, instinctively looking at Tatiana and he froze when he met her intense gaze that had a dash of amusement in it. 
Maddox panicked. 
His Goddess was watching him! 
Why did she see the moment when he dropped food? 
He was never this clumsy! 
Will she think that he was incapable? 
Ah! There was no trashcan in sight! 
What should he do now with that sausage? There was no way he will put it on the plate for his Goddess to eat. 
Should he keep it on the table, or maybe stuff it in his mouth? 
After a moment of hesitation, Maddox wrapped that sausage in a napkin and kept it in the pocket of his cargo shorts. He will deal with it later. 
Now it was important to put enough food on plates because he can't allow his Goddess to go hungry! 
… 
From the other table, Damon sat next to Talia and his eyes didn't leave Maddox who was scrambling at the table with food. 
Kalina, Mindy, and Meg were busy coming up with ideas on how to make their beach outing special. Mindy produced a pen and paper from somewhere, and she was writing down things that need to be added. Mostly food items. 
Talia turned her attention to Damon because his emotions were fluctuating. 
Playful, vengeful, mischievous… what's going on? 
Talia noticed that Damon was looking at the newly mated couple and she poked him to get his attention. "What are you up to?" 
"Me? Nothing.", Damon said innocently. 
He knew that with Talia's virtuous personality, she won't participate in whatever mess-with-Maddox plan he was coming up with, and she will probably scold him also. Denial was the best option, or he won't get his fun. 
Talia didn't believe him. "I can tell that you are scheming something." 
Damon looked at the little woman by his side being all fierce and it turned him on. 
"Are you hungry?", he asked. 
Talia was surprised by this sudden change of topic, but she still responded, "No, why?" 
"I see Max feeding his mate, so I wondered if I should do the same to mine." 
Talia glanced at Maddox and saw him walk toward Tatiana with two plates that were heaping with food. "No need. You already fed me. I'm full." 
Damon inched closer and whispered, "There is more than one way I can fill you up, kitten." 
Talia jolted when he squeezed her thigh under the table, and her face exploded in blush. 
She knew that he was being naughty and that was something she couldn't match him, but she still responded shyly, "You did that also." 
"Mmm…", Damon hummed in approval. "I can do much more than that." 
He kissed her cheek and then continued trailing small kisses closer to her lips while murmuring, "How about we go to our room for seconds? Or we can use one of the free rooms on the first floor..." 
Talia turned and gave him a quick peck on the lips in an attempt to pacify him, before protesting in an urgent whisper, "People are watching." 
"No one is looking at us, kitten…" And even if they were looking, Damon didn't care. 
His hand landed at the back of Talia's head and in less than a second her defenses fell completely, and she parted her lips, granting access to Damon's tongue to deliver a toe-curling kiss that came with his addictive flavor of the dark chocolate. 
… 
Maddox was cutting food for Tatiana in bite-sized pieces and then he offered her a fork that had a well-proportioned piece of a dinner roll, egg, and sausage, to create a perfect bite. 
"You said your name is Max.", Tatiana said before opening her mouth to accept Maddox's offering. 
Maddox nodded, understanding that this is the part where they officially introduce themselves. He was ready for this. 
"Maddox River, Alpha of the Blue River pack. Your mate." This last part was awkward to say, but it sounded so right that Maddox ended up smiling goofily. 
Tatiana frowned a bit when he said that he is an Alpha. 
Will he expect her to stay in his pack? 
She has a business to run and shows to attend! However, seeing how docile Maddox was, resembling a cuddly bear, Tatiana was confident they will find a compromise. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 268 - The Guests Are Here (8)
Tatiana's chewing slowed down as she studied Maddox's handsome face, and then a thought hit her. 
"You are Mindy's brother." 
Maddox cocked an eyebrow. "I am older, so she is my sister." 
Tatiana didn't care about that nonsense. 
She was trying to match this handsome man with the image Mindy portrayed. Almost female, womanizer, stubborn, overbearing. 
How can he be compared to a female? In Tatiana's opinion, Maddox was the manliest man she ever saw, and she saw many. 
A womanizer? Tatiana remembered that he was just standing there and staring at her stupidly and she ended up kissing him first. How can that be called a womanizer? 
Stubborn? Overbearing? Those also didn't match this man who was smiling silly and feeding her, taking the role of a servant, and not someone who wants to dominate. 
After a moment of thought, Tatiana pushed Mindy's words aside. 
Surely, as his sister, Mindy had the right to exaggerate and joke about those things. 
"Tell me about yourself.", Maddox said. 
Tatiana smirked. "Do you normally take half an hour between kissing a woman and asking for her name?" 
Maddox froze. What did she say? Did he make the mistake of treating her like other women? It was not on purpose! 
"I was stunned by your beauty. Besides, I could swear it was less than a minute.", Maddox said. 
Tatiana stifled a laugh. She had no idea how much time it passed, but Maddox's expression was comical. 
"Tatiana Wilkov. I am the oldest one among the five sisters of the Wilkov family. Born in Poland, currently living in Italy. I came to visit Kalina, my youngest sister because she found her mate." 
"Tatiana…", Maddox murmured. He never heard a prettier name in his name. 
"Friends call me Tanya." 
"Tanya…", Maddox repeated. This sounded better than Tatiana. Everything about this Goddess was amazing. Even her name. 
Maddox didn't want to waste any time exchanging information. He wanted to pounce on Tatiana and mark her and put his babies inside her. It was crazy and unreasonable, but his instincts told him that he needs to impregnate her as soon as possible like there was some time limit. 
But he couldn't act on those instincts because he didn't want Tatiana to see him as a horny savage. 
He needed to strike a conversation. Something interesting and stimulating. As an Alpha, he had many of those in the past… conversations. He can have one now. 
But… what should he say? He really wanted to leave a good impression. 
"So, what do you do when you are not visiting your sister and stealing my heart?" 
Maddox facepalmed internally. Did those cheesy lines come out of his mouth? 
Ah! If he knew that he will meet his Goddess, he would look up some women-wooing tips online! 
Tatiana cocked an eyebrow. "I am not stealing anything. I am just taking what's mine." 
Maddox stared at Tatiana as the pressure in his groin increased rapidly, and then he shifted to adjust his hard-on. How can a woman arouse him so easily? 
Normally, he would be outraged to hear a woman claiming him as hers. He is an Alpha and if there is any claiming happening, he will be the one doing it! 
But when those words came out of Tatiana's mouth, the only thing he wanted was to kiss her. 
Heaven and earth could flip and if Tatiana said that it was fine, Maddox will agree. It was fine. 
He chuckled. "Seriously… what do you do normally?" 
"I'm into fashion..." 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Mindy, Maya, and Meg discussed things needed for the beach. As an extra touch for celebrating Maddox and Tatiana as mates, the girls decided to add bite-sized snacks, a cake, alcohol, and meat because they will be having a barbecue party in the evening. 
Since it was a warm summer day, Maya suggested that they have things prepared by Omegas and brought to them later. 
Talia was sitting and observing, and under the table, there was a war. Damon couldn't stop fondling her and he did that with a serious expression like he was interested in the cake flavors. 
Talia couldn't believe how mischievous Damon was. The more time they spent together, the more she realized that he is a child who doesn't know when to stop, but this was a big man who can't be put on a timeout. 
The only thing she could do was to avoid him. 
Talia stood up abruptly and grabbed the list from Maya's hands. 
"I will take it to the kitchen and discuss it with Stephanie.", Talia said. 
"Now?", Damon asked with a frown. 
"They are probably cleaning after breakfast. If I delay, Steph will leave." 
Damon pouted. Talia had a point, but he didn't want her to leave. He was really enjoying her proximity. "Let Maya do it." 
"Didn't you say I am the host? As a host, I will handle this." 
Damon was out of arguments. "Come back quickly." 
Talia leaned and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. "Shouldn't you head to the training grounds with the guys? After I discuss this with Stephanie, we will go shopping." 
Damon's brows furrowed. Talia was right. 
And just like that, Talia avoided Damon's fondling under the table. 
She didn't want to separate from him, and she wouldn't mind him touching her if they were alone. However, privacy was not an option because they had guests, and she wanted some girl-time also. In addition to that, he had things to do, and at least one of them needed to act like a grownup. 
Talia was walking down the hallway, with the door of the kitchen getting closer with her every step when… 
"Ahh!" 
Talia screamed when someone tugged her from behind and she ended up in the side room. 
'BANG!' 
The door closed behind Talia and she blinked at the person whose eyes lost focus for a moment. 
"Dawn, what are you doing?", Talia protested. 
Dawn smirked. "You will see in a minute." 
There was no need for a minute because only a few seconds later, the door opened, and Zina entered. 
Zina and Dawn stood side-by-side, facing Talia and blocking the door, both with their arms crossed over their chest. 
"You are avoiding us for so long. It's time to talk.", Zina said with a mischievous grin. 
Talia bit her lip guiltily. Ever since she went to the Lightclaw pack with Damon, she knew that Dawn and Zina were bubbling with questions, and she made sure they were never alone so that two nosy women can't ask tricky questions. And now they kidnapped and are holding her hostage in this room. 
Talia was not sure if she should laugh or cry, but she knew that Dawn and Zina were determined and there was only one way out. 
"What do you want to know?", Talia asked. 
Zina rolled her eyes. "Don't play stupid. You know what we want to know. What's going on between you and Alpha?" 
Talia hesitated. Should she tell them? They will find out anyway, the only question was when and from whom. But, what if they hate her? Will they look at her differently? What if they think she is not worthy of being Damon's mate, his Luna? 
Talia loved that Zina and Dawn spoke to her openly about everything, from how to make French toast to sleeping with guys. What if they stop talking to her? 
"Well?" Dawn's question got Talia's attention. "Will you tell us, or will you leave us guessing?" 
Zina frowned a bit. "I thought we were friends but seeing that you were avoiding us and now you won't talk… maybe I was wrong." 
Talia steeled her resolve. 
"We are mates.", she said. 
Dawn and Zina had matching confusing expressions. 
"What did you say?", Dawn asked. 
"We are mates.", Talia repeated. 
When Dawn and Zina stood there without moving, Talia nodded to confirm they heard her right. Both times. 
"Wow!", Zina said under her breath. "Mates, eh? Why didn't you tell us? I mean… we were cooking and messing around and…" 
"I didn't know.", Talia said in her defense. "My wolf was hurt and whenever Damon told me that I'm special, I thought that he was teasing me. And before you ask, we didn't announce it because there are many things we need to figure out, and we will reveal it when we are ready. At this point, Maya and Caden know about it." Talia gave a short version, and she was relieved to see Zina and Dawn nod in understanding. 
"That's amazing!", Dawn said eventually. "Will you let us be your bridesmaids?" 
Talia's brows came together in confusion. "What's a bridesmaid?" 
Zina responded, "Those are women who get nice dresses and help the bride get ready for her wedding, and they are part of the wedding party. It's a human custom, and it became popular with us recently." 
Talia looked at Zina and Dawn helplessly. "We didn't talk about that, but if I need bridesmaids, I will definitely count on you." 
"Yaaay!", Zina and Dawn exclaimed in unison, and both rushed at Talia to give her a hug. 
Talia hugged Zina with her left arm and Dawn with her right one, happy that those two were still acting freely with her and they didn't mention Talia's non-existent background. 
"Imagine, we will be bridesmaids at the Alpha's wedding!", Dawn said excitedly. "The WW Magazine will be there and many guests. We will definitely find our mates there." 
Talia's heart cracked at the thought that neither Dawn nor Zina have their mates, yet they were truly happy for her. 
She never wanted a big party, but because of Dawn and Zina… "I will tell Damon to invite everyone. I'm sure you will find your mates." 
"Hehehe…", Zina giggled foolishly. "It's good to be chummy with the Luna." 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 269 - Heaven Collapsed (1)
Maddox fed Tatiana and listened to her talking about herself. 
His hunger was long forgotten, and he couldn't register his empty stomach because his heart was full. 
Tatiana's voice was melodious, sounding like a song of a nightingale, pulling him into a dimension where colors shone brightly, spring breeze caressed his cheeks, and everything smelled of strawberries. 
Maddox heard something about a catwalk, fashion shows, Paris, Milan, New York, and London, but even though he focused mightily on what she was saying, her words refused to register as meaningful sentences in his mind because his attention was on Tatiana's enchanting lips that moved as she spoke, and he really wanted to taste her again. 
The memory of their kiss and Tatiana's tongue expertly flicking his in inexplicable ways made him hard. Everything about Tatiana made him hard. 
Seeing Maddox's goofy expression and that he was stuffing food into her mouth in the middle of a sentence, Tatiana had a feeling that Maddox didn't hear most of the things she said. 
Tatiana didn't talk more than a few minutes, but she saw that her words were being wasted as the super-hot male specimen in front of her was obviously somewhere else… in bed probably, naked, with her (hopefully). 
She wondered if his problematic attention span was something permanent. Surely, as an Alpha, Maddox should be able to focus on the person he is conversing with. 
But Tatiana would be lying if she said that she didn't want to jump on him and ride him wildly. 
The pull of the mate bond was impossible to resist, and it made her needy for his touch and for his addictive taste of coffee. 
Tatiana is a passionate coffee lover, and she tasted many hedonistic brands, but the Maddox brand was at the top of her list because it was the only one that could stimulate every cell in her body. 
The sparks upon their touch created tingles that made her feel alive and she wondered how will an orgasm feel when powered with the energy of their bond. 
"What's on your mind, Max?" 
Maddox's smile widened. His nickname sounded sexy when it rolled off Tatiana's tongue laced with an Eastern European accent, making it exotic. And he wanted her tongue to roll around a certain part of him that was standing in attention, eagerly waiting to be introduced and to prove its worth. 
Maddox took Tatiana's hand into his and kissed the back of her palm. 
A low hum formed deep in his throat as he savored addictive sparks that danced over his lips. The mate bond was fantastic! 
"I am thinking that we should finish food and find some privacy.", he admitted his thoughts after running them through the no-lust filter because saying how he wanted to be balls deep into Tatiana didn't sound appropriate at that moment. 
"I am done with food." 
Maddox's eyebrows shoot up and he stared at Tatiana while processing her words. 
It took him a moment to spring up to his feet. 
He winced when his erect cock smacked into the table as he stood up, and he swiftly put his free hand there to press on it with the inside of his wrist while controlling his facial muscles not to grimace. 
The searing pain came a second later, making him tear up a little. Maddox gritted his teeth and showed an ugly smile while chanting internally how it wouldn't be appropriate to cry. Not in front of Tatiana. 
Damned shorts! If he knew that this would happen, he would wear jeans that are firmer and more effective in keeping his erection from sticking out. 
But who would guess that after exhausting himself with two she-wolves for hours, his guy down there would still be eager to explore a woman? And this was not just any woman. Tatiana was a Goddess. 
Luckily, his Alpha healing worked fast to soothe the piercing pain. 
But… did Tatiana spot anything odd? Was she thinking of him like a horny teenager? 
Well, he was horny, for her, and he hoped that she didn't notice because he wanted to appear cool. 
"We can go to my room.", Maddox said in a deep voice, and he smiled when Tatiana responded with a nod. 
Maddox was all giddy from excitement and Tatiana appeared composed, but her fiery gaze told him that there was a storm brewing inside her. Seductress! 
He didn't let go of her hand as she stood up in slow motion, and Maddox's free hand moved around her waist as they walked into the packhouse. 
That curve of her body under his palm felt just right and he gave her a little squeeze while pulling her closer to him as they walked side-by-side, and Tatiana didn't resist when their hips connected. 
Maddox felt like howling in anticipation of what's coming. He just knew it, they will have sex! And lots of it! And it will be amazing! 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maddox and Tatiana were two steps from the door that will grant them access to the packhouse, when… 
"Max! MAX!" 
Maddox's face fell when he realized that Damon was calling. 
He turned in one swift move and hissed at the unwanted third party, "What?" 
Damon sashayed toward them with a big smile on his face, obviously enjoying this. 
"Did you finish your meal? We are about to head to the training grounds." 
Maddox frowned. "What does that have to do with me?" 
Damon blinked innocently. "Don't tell me you forgot. We will be training, and you volunteered to show Tony and his people some moves. That's why you are here, freeloading on my food." 
Maddox silently cursed Damon and if a look could kill, Damon would be sliced into a million pieces. 
Maddox couldn't understand what Damon was doing. It was obvious that Maddox was going with his mate inside to get frisky. 
Maddox picked up many girls with Damon as a witness, but Damon never interfered. Why did Damon turn into a third wheel now when it was important? 
He wanted to tell Damon to scram, but Damon was the host, and bickering in private was one thing while being disrespectful in public was another. Not to mention that Damon's temper can flare at the slightest provocation and Maddox is not the one to let it pass, but if they end up in a fistfight, Maddox can forget about having sex with Tatiana... unless she visits him in the hospital and... no, no, that's not an option. He wanted her in his room, two minutes ago! 
This required finesse. 
"I will join you later.", Maddox responded with a stiff smile. 
Damon tilted his head and eyed Maddox with amusement. "Don't take too long. This is our first day and we will be checking the equipment and solidifying the plan. You don't want to miss it." 
Maddox's nostrils flared in anger, and he squeezed through his teeth, "I said I will join you. Later." 
Damon raised his arms defensively. "Now, now. There is no need for violence. I am just reminding you of the work that we all gathered here to achieve." He glanced at Tatiana. "I understand you just found your mate, but…" Damon lowered his voice and looked at Maddox with concern. "You don't want people saying how finding a mate made you forget your duties or worse..." Damon inched closer before continuing, "...turned you into a wuss." 
Hearing the word, 'wuss', made Maddox suddenly realize why Damon was obstructing his path to Heaven. 
Damon was getting back at him! 
Maddox realized that Damon was sitting there and watching them, waiting for the right opportunity to strike, and he caught Maddox off-guard. Well, it's not that Maddox had any guards up while feeding Tatiana, but he was on his way to the bedroom, only a few steps away from tasting his strawberry-flavored bliss, and Damon got in the way! 
Was it because Maddox wanted Talia to come to the Blue River pack during the Summer Solstice festival? At that time, Maddox knew that Damon was interested in Talia, but he didn't know they were mates! Or was it because Maddox teased him last night? How can Damon be so petty? 
Maddox would give Damon a piece of his mind if Tatiana was not right there, watching. He needed to leave a good impression. It was important! 
Unfortunately for Maddox, he was too aroused and upset to think straight and come up with a solution to ditch Damon without ruining his image in Tatiana's eyes, and Damon's smug smirk told Maddox that Damon won't give up easily. 
How can he get out of this pickle? 
Cold sweat appeared on Maddox's forehead as he and Damon were engaged in a silent staring contest, no one willing to back down. Actually, Maddox would back down in a heartbeat, but that wouldn't be cool, and he knew that Damon got on his case and the bastard was enjoying it! 
Maddox felt like crying. How can he get this nasty Alpha off his back? 
Suddenly, a flash of inspiration hit Maddox and he glanced behind Damon. "Lia is calling for you." 
Damon swiftly turned to see where Talia was, and he frowned when he realized she was not there. Of course! She went to talk to Stephanie in the kitchen! 
"You…", Damon's curse was cut short because Maddox was not there either! 
Damon gritted his teeth. Maddox used the moment of Damon's attention slipping and he disappeared with Tatiana in tow. 
Damon let out a low growl. He will get Maddox for this. Later. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 270 - Heaven Collapsed (2) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
This is a bonus chapter for reaching our PS goal last week (a feature that's available only on the NovelFire platform). 
Thank you for your votes! 
--- 
'BAM!' 
The door of Maddox's room closed fiercely as Tatiana and Maddox were connected in an unbreakable storm of frenzied kisses while their hands tugged on their clothes with urgency. 
They were starving for each other, and even though they just met, both of them knew it will be fantastic. 
Their minds were muddled with animalistic arousal they couldn't extricate themselves from, reducing everything to their feverish urge to copulate. 
That's how the mate bond usually works. 
Mates are created to give what the other one needs, and right at that moment, both Tatiana and Maddox needed to fulfill their desire to become one. 
Before Maddox's jacket fell on the floor, Tatiana's hands slipped inside his polo t-shirt, and she relished the firm landscape of his muscles under her palms. Everywhere she touched was firm, and it was majestic. Just the thought of those muscles rippling as he thrusts inside her was making her legs shaky. 
Maddox let out a low growl when sparks of their bond started dancing on the skin of his back as Tatiana touched him impatiently, amplifying her addictive flavor of strawberries and making him crave for more. 
Maddox never thought about Heaven, but he knew that if there is such a thing, he will reach it right here, with Tatiana in his embrace. 
He couldn't wait to jab himself inside her and feel those same tantalizing sparks on his cock. The scent of her arousal made him feel like he was drowning in lust and he had no desire to stop because the only way out of this was closer, faster, more… more of Tatiana, and he was eager to take it. 
Maddox groaned in frustration when the zipper at the back of Tatiana's dress refused to cooperate. 
He gripped the edge of the minidress with an intention to rip it into smithereens, but before he could do so, Tatiana broke the kissing frenzy to say, "Don't you dare ruin my dress." 
"I need help with the zipper", Maddox admitted grumpily. 
His chest rose and fell rapidly, reflecting the chaotic state of his body. 
Tatiana's eyes flashed with amusement, and she giggled while turning her back to Maddox and pulling her hair out of the way. 
Maddox stared at Tatiana's exposed neck and licked his lips. That was the marking spot, and he wanted to bite her right there. 
He bedded many women and saw even more necks, but he never felt such a strong pull to mark a woman and claim her as his. 
It was ridiculous. They just met! But he knew that this was the mate bond working, and there was nothing he could do to stop this madness. 
Maddox leaned closer and kissed the spot and Tatiana released a soft moan that made his cock lurch painfully, reminding him why they came here. 
Sex first. Marking later. 
His attention went back to the tricky zipper at the back of Tatiana's dress. He was one zipper away from reaching Heaven! 
The blasted thing was slippery! His palms were sweaty! 
Maddox rubbed his hands nervously and just as he touched the zipper and confirmed he has a good hold on it, he heard Tatiana say icily, "And you are…?" 
Maddox felt dread gripping his heart as he slowly raised his gaze to see to whom Tatiana's words were directed and his stomach dropped at the sight of two women wrapped in towels, standing at the door of the bathroom and looking at them. 
His brain stuttered and refused to process the scene in front of him. 
Why were they still there? Didn't he tell them to scram!? 
This… will be a problem. 
A big one! 
It took Tatiana less than a second to see women's garments scattered on the floor of the bedroom, and the messed up bed. She was not stupid. 
… 
-- This work is published on WebNovel (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
A minute ago, in the bathroom… 
"Hurry up!", the brunette urged the blonde who was still under the shower. 
"Hold your horses", the blonde responded with a grimace. She didn't want to leave. The shower was massive, and this was only a guest bedroom. She wondered how big is the shower in Alpha Damon's room. The Omegas who are cleaning there say that it's a sight to behold and that it can't be described with words. 
When she saw that her friend was glaring at her, the blonde turned off the water, grabbed a towel to wrap around her naked self, and explained, "Alpha Maddox went to breakfast less than twenty minutes ago. With Alpha Damon and other guests there, he will take at least an hour, and by then we will be long gone." 
Both of them jolted when they heard the door closing with a loud bang. 
"I told you!", the brunette hissed under her breath. 
"Let's fight after we get out of here." 
The brunette frowned, but she knew that the blonde was right. Their priority was to get out. Alive. 
Maybe it was not all bad. 
Did Omega come to clean? But an Omega wouldn't dare to slam the door like this. 
Were they under attack? No, they would hear the warning through the mind-link. 
Or was that Alpha Maddox? Was he angry because they were still there? 
Unfortunately, the bathroom had a narrow long window at the top and they couldn't squeeze through it to escape. 
Two women wrapped in towels huddled at the door and listened attentively while not daring to make noise, not even through their mind-link. 
There was no sound from the bedroom. Did they hear it wrongly? 
Maybe an Omega came to clean the room, and the draft slammed the door to close? 
"Open and see what's going on", the blonde urged the brunette. 
The brunette was not willing to make the first move, but if that was really Alpha Maddox and he was angry, it didn't matter which one came first. 
She opened the door slowly and the blonde squeezed so that both of them can peek into the room to see Alpha Maddox locked with some woman in a steamy kissing session. 
'What the hell?', the blonde spoke to the brunette through the mind-link. 'One might think that after everything we did, he would be sated.' 
The brunette rolled her eyes. 'Sweetie, there is a reason why every woman dreams about being mated to an Alpha. They are insatiable.' 
'What should we do?' 
The brunette was thinking about options, but the only thing that made sense was… 'We can hide in the bathroom and try to sneak out while they are going at it, assuming that they won't come here to freshen up first.' 
They both experienced Alpha Maddox's stamina and they knew he can go at it for hours, and that should give them plenty of time to escape. 
However, sneaking out was not recommended because he is an Alpha with heightened senses and if he catches them doing something fishy, they might lose their lives. 
'That doesn't sound good.', the blonde responded. 
'We can ask them to join in the fun.' 
The blonde frowned. This was NOT the time for joking! But she had to admit that the best option was to ask if they can have a foursome. After all, Alpha Maddox didn't mind threesome last night (and that morning), what's one more person? He will either agree or kill them on the spot. 
Both of them regretted not hurrying up. Why did they stick around to shower? 
And then the woman (aka Tatiana) turned and noticed them. 
Ah, this was a disaster! 
Back to the present… 
Two women wrapped in towels stood frozen under Alpha Maddox's murderous glare, and Tatiana's unreadable expression was not much better. Foursome was definitely NOT an option. 
Tatiana concealed her rage behind a well-rehearsed smile. "You didn't tell me we will have company, Max." 
Maddox was confident that Heaven collapsed into a nightmare as all color drained from the world that got veiled in ominous shadows. 
"Is this why you asked me to come here? I assume that one woman is usually not enough to satisfy you, but I must say that I am disappointed because you got two extra women without checking what I can do." 
Tatiana addressed two women. "Did he bring you here together? Or one by one? Which one was first?" 
The blonde spoke, "He brought us together, from the Shifters." 
That name rang a bell. Kalina mentioned that their hosts are in the Shifters nightclub, but Tatiana was too tired to care, however, that confirmed Tatiana's assumption. "You are here from last night. Two of you are the reason why Alpha Maddox was late for breakfast." 
Maddox swallowed hard when he heard Tatiana address him as 'Alpha Maddox'. That was NOT a good sign. 
Maddox was never this lost in his life. 
His hands and legs were cold, and his insides churned painfully. Is he going to vomit now? Ah, the room was spinning, and he was on the verge of collapsing, but if he didn't say something, it will only escalate. 
"Tanya, I…" 
Tatiana's body twisted at her waist as she turned to face him. 
'SLAP!' 
A hard slap landed on his left cheek that now throbbed as Tatiana's red palmprint appeared right there. She has a heavy hand. 
"I was never this humiliated in my life.", Tatiana said, her voice laced with venom striking straight into his heart. 
She moved around Maddox unhurriedly, but Maddox was unable to summon the strength to move a muscle. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 271 - Heaven Collapsed (3) [Bonus ]
Fun fact: 
If TAB ends the week in the top 20, there will be an extra chapter on Monday. Keep those power stones coming! 
--- 
'BANG!' 
The door closed behind Tatiana, and two women who wore only towels on their bodies jolted in fright. Their nerves were tense as foreboding feelings consumed them. 
The blonde and the brunette apprehensively looked at Maddox who stood paralyzed while staring at the carpet as possessed. 
Two women exchanged concerned glances. What should they do? 
Maddox told them to leave earlier that morning, but they were not fast enough. 
Why did he come so quickly? Who goes on a group breakfast and returns in less than twenty minutes? 
They ended up seeing him with another woman, and before anything really happened, Alpha Maddox got slapped! That was a great shame. Will he kill them to ensure they don't talk about it? 
Two women wondered if that slap contained some magic because Alpha Maddox was unmoving like he was under a freezing spell. 
"Alpha Maddox", the brunette called weakly. 
Maddox's eyes snapped toward two women who shrunk on an instinct. 
"Leave", he said in a low voice. 
He felt an urge to tear them into pieces, but he knew that won't bring Tatiana back or erase image of those two bimbos standing there stupidly. 
What did he even see in them? 
Compared to Tatiana who shines in the colors of the rainbow, those two look like faded monochrome photocopies. 
The brunette swiftly moved to collect her things, but the blonde still stared at him. 
Maddox narrowed his eyes at the blonde. "Is your hearing damaged?" 
She nervously gestured toward his crotch area. "You are leaking." 
Maddox's brows furrowed in confusion. What did she say? 
The blonde also scrambled to grab her garments and two women made a wide circle around Maddox before dashing out of the room. 
Eventually, Maddox looked at his crotch area and stared at the stain that was slowly spreading. What the hell? 
"Fuck!", he cursed loudly when he realized that the sausage he picked up from the ground earlier was in his pocket, leaking grease. 
But Maddox couldn't care about his ruined shorts because he had other things to worry about. 
Did Tatiana see that? Did she think that he peed himself? Or maybe that he suffers from premature ejaculation? Or… 
Maddox rubbed his face forcibly. She probably didn't notice because she was too busy slapping him. 
For a few brief minutes Maddox was flying, unable to wrap his head around the unexpected bliss that came with Tatiana's presence, and her every touch showed him a glimpse of Heaven. 
It all came suddenly, and it collapsed in an instant and... Now what? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Tanya?", Kalina called when she saw Tatiana walking down the hallway. 
After comparing their notes in the garden, the women concluded that they needed many things and only a mall will do. The mall is in the human town, so Maya will drive a van in order for all of them to go together and chat during the ride. 
When Talia returned from the kitchen, guys headed for training, and the girls dispersed to get their necessities before heading for shopping. That's why Kalina was in here and she definitely didn't expect to see her newly-mated sister. 
"You still didn't leave?", Tatiana asked. 
"No. We are about to.", Kalina responded before glancing behind Tatiana and asking suspiciously, "Why are you here? What happened with Alpha Maddox?" 
Tatiana didn't want to worry her baby sister. She would usually keep her problems to herself, but this situation caught her unprepared and Kalina already saw that something was off. 
What should she say? That things got all hot and steamy but before they got to the main part, she saw two sluts in Maddox's room and her temper flared? 
Before Tatiana could come up with a response to Kalina's questions, two women wrapped in towels dashed next to them, down the stairs, and out of the packhouse. 
Kalina's face darkened as she realized, "Did those two come out of Alpha Maddox's room?" 
Tatiana's silence was an answer to Kalina's question. 
Rage rippled through Kalina as she was not used to controlling the aura that was waking up within her after Tony marked her. 
"Lina", Tatiana called softly. "Don't. Let's go shopping." 
Kalina looked at her sister with concern. "Are you sure?" 
Tatiana nodded. "It's suffocating here. I need to get out. Shopping therapy might help me settle my emotions. Let's not alarm others…" 
Kalina pressed her lips into a line. Easier said than done. Did Tatiana really think that Mindy won't figure out something was wrong when Tatiana shows up? 
And it was not just Mindy. Maya, Talia, and Meg were also confused to see Tatiana join them for shopping. 
Tatiana didn't say anything, but Kalina shared how they saw two naked women clutching towels around themselves and scampering out of Alpha Maddox's room. 
In line with Kalina's expectations, Mindy was outraged. 
Kalina and Maya stuffed Mindy in the van so that she doesn't make a scene. 
Mindy wanted to go to Maddox and give him a beating. At least verbally. 
Maya was driving, so Meg joined Kalina in holding Mindy down until they passed by Darkbourne. After that, they released Mindy since she calmed a bit. 
Seeing that everyone was really concerned, Tatiana's heart warmed, and she told them briefly what happened in Maddox's room. 
'Is Tanya with you?', Maddox's voice sounded in Mindy's head through the mind-link. 
'You are an asshole!', Mindy hissed back. 
Maddox snorted irritably. 'Is Tanya with you? Mindy! Talk to me! You…' 
Mindy shut down the mind-link. He messed up and she was angry. Why should she help him? 
Dumb brother! How can he forget that he has two women in his room? 
He should be grateful that Tatiana didn't reject his sorry ass on the spot. 
THIS is why Mindy didn't want to be mated to an Alpha. They are all bunch of lecherous snobs who always get what they want. 
Since he entered his teens, Maddox was playing around, leaving a trail of heartbroken (and deflowered) girls wherever he passed but for him, that was part of the routine and the woman who is (un)fortunate to be his mate should just ignore his repugnant past because he is THE Alpha who deserves all that while woman needs to suck it up. 
Mindy walked in on Maddox with other women so many times that it became normal. No space was sacred. 
Mindy often advised him to scale down on sleeping around, but nooooo, her brother is the mighty Alpha Maddox who can do whatever he feels like. Well, he can do whatever he wants now. 
Mindy looked guiltily at Tatiana. "I am so sorry…" 
"Don't.", Tatiana interrupted Mindy. 
None of that was Mindy's fault, and Tatiana really didn't want to think about Maddox or about two women who emerged from his bathroom, or about his messy bed which had traces of a rowdy night Maddox spent with two women. 
Sure, Tatiana didn't expect him to be a virgin. Even if he is not an Alpha, it would be normal that he had women in his life before they met. But she definitely didn't expect that his hookups were right there! 
The delightful sparks of their bond messed with her reasoning and she allowed herself to be carried away. 
Unfortunately, while Maddox was working on undressing Tatiana, two naked women were waiting on the side. What were they waiting for? To jump with them in the sack? Would Maddox welcome them? Bastard. 
And even if those two were not there, Maddox wanted to claim her on the same bed that is drenched in his bodily fluids mixed with whatever those two hussies left behind. 
Is that how one treats his mate? 
Tatiana heard stories about mates, how their first time should be special, and her mate will cherish her forever, but Maddox made her feel worse than shit. 
Will she be able to look at Maddox and not remember the horrible first impression? 
What are her options? 
Should she just reject this mate bond and move on with her life? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 272 - Relationship Advices
Tatiana's wolf was protesting the idea of rejecting Maddox, but Tatiana pushed the beast back. This was not the time to make decisions based on emotions that sprouted because she met a guy during one of her unplanned visits. 
The unpleasant experience made Tatiana re-evaluate her opinion about the mate bond. 
Tatiana was twenty-four years old independent woman with a solid head on her shoulders who saw a lot of the world, and not an inexperienced teenager from a small town who gets easily carried away by the flashy appearance of a local bad boy. 
Sure, Maddox was outrageously handsome, his scent was addictive, and his flavor was even better, but did he have anything else going in his favor? 
Money? Fame? Status? Tatiana didn't care if Maddox had those because she had her own, and him being an Alpha only complicated things. 
Tatiana didn't plan to settle with a guy anytime soon and if not for the sparks of their bond, Tatiana would probably think of Maddox as a good hookup material and that's it. Being in a relationship with an immature or insincere man will only bring her headaches no matter how good it feels when he embraces her. 
They didn't even start, and she already got dirt thrown in her face. What can she expect going forward? 
She needed to put things into a healthy perspective and remember what matters. 
Tatiana made a name for herself. About five years ago 'Dama T' started shining in the fashion industry and since then, Tatiana travels and spends her days with beautiful, rich, and famous people who are eager to indulge her every need and want. Sure, she works hard, but that rewarded her with more money than she can spend in a few lifetimes, and she earned it all without a mate. 
Those few moments with Maddox gave her an unexpected high, but… what is the price she needs to pay in order to feel it again? 
Can she enjoy her time with Maddox after this? 
What will happen when she leaves his side in order to attend her next fashion show? Will he have a few she-wolves to keep him company? 
Mindy told her that her brother is a womanizer and Tatiana thought that Mindy was exaggerating. She should have known better. 
Tatiana pushed those thoughts to the side. She really didn't want to think about Maddox because her headache was flaring again. 
Her craving for coffee was cut short because it reminded her of Maddox. How ironic. 
"It will be OK.", Kalina comforted Tatiana. "It's normal for Alphas to sleep around. They settle only after finding their mate." 
"How did you accept Tony's lecherous past?", Tatiana asked bluntly, too distraught to worry about pleasantries. 
"Uhm… he doesn't have one.", Kalina said guiltily. "Tony dated one woman and they broke up after he met me. If he slept with other women, he was discrete about it, so people didn't find out." 
Tatiana smiled a little. "Lucky you." 
"You should probably ask Lia about it.", Mindy said. "Max and Alpha Damon are made of the same mold." 
Tatiana glanced at Talia. "Will you share your experience?" 
Talia was not sure what to say. How did she accept Damon's lecherous past? She didn't. "They keep coming. It is up to me if I will allow them to bother me or not." 
Tatiana frowned. "You are fine with other women coming onto Damon?" 
"Of course, not. But Damon is consistent in assuring me that I am the only woman in his life.", Talia said and looked at Tatiana deeply. "Those women you saw are two out of many who touched Max's body, while you are the only one who can touch his heart. If you reject him, that door will close forever. I am not saying that you should turn a blind eye to what happened but ask yourself what you want. Did you feel the connection? Do you want to feel it again? If you do, give Max a chance to prove his sincerity." 
Tatiana nodded faintly. Can she give him a chance? Maybe, later. Now she was too angry for any of that. 
She wanted to drink, sleep, and forget about everything, but she will settle with shopping. For now. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon returned to the packhouse when he heard that Axel, Kai, and Tyler entered the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. 
He didn't need to welcome them personally, but he wanted to talk to Axel in private. 
Damon was suspicious about Axel's motives for coming here and since everyone was busy, this seemed like a good opportunity to talk to these guests who self-invited themselves. 
At that time, Damon would tell Axel that he was not welcome if Talia didn't look at him pleadingly. How can he say no to Talia? 
With only a few Omegas busying themselves through the packhouse, Damon went to the study to keep busy until Axel arrives. 
Damon passed next to the lounge and his legs stopped abruptly at the door. Did he see that right? Why was Maddox there? Shouldn't he be engaged in carnal pleasures with Tatiana? 
"Max?", Damon asked while eyeing the Alpha who had a glass of amber liquor in his hand, and a dark cloud above his head. 
"Did you come to lecture me also?", Maddox grumbled without turning to look at Damon. 
"Lecture? About what? Where is Tatiana?" When Maddox didn't respond, Damon asked his next question. "Did you mess it up?" 
Maddox nodded absentmindedly. "I did. It all happened so quickly that by the time I realized what's going on, my shorts smelled of sausage and I had a throbbing palmprint on my cheek." 
Damon was confused. He guessed that the palmprint means Tatiana slapped Maddox, but what was the thing about the sausage, and how were those related? 
Damon sat on the chair next to Maddox before asking, "How about you start from the beginning?" 
Damon's face changed a few times as he listened to Maddox talking about amazing sparks, how good Tatiana tasted, a zipper that wouldn't budge, two women wearing only towels, and how Tatiana's slap collapsed his world. 
Damon struggled not to laugh. Tatiana slapped Maddox! Damon would give anything to see that. 
But Maddox was really distressed, so Damon focused on Maddox's words as he ended with, "I completely forgot about them, and now who knows what Tatiana is thinking. She said that I… humiliated her. I fucked up." 
Damon could relate with forgetting about non-important females. 
Maddox looked at Damon pleadingly. "What should I do now?" 
"There is only one thing.", Damon said matter-of-factly. 
"What?" 
"Beg." 
Maddox's face fell. "What? You want me to beg?" He never begged anyone for anything. He endured the harshest training without letting out a peep and now Damon told him to beg? 
Seeing that Maddox was not willing, Damon thought of something else. "You have another option." 
Maddox's face lit up with hope. "Which one?" 
"Forget about her." 
Maddox grimaced. "Can you be serious? Don't you know how important a fated mate is? If my pack finds out that I passed on my fated mate, it will cause displeasure." 
"I am serious. Forget about what the pack will think. This is about you and her. Listen, and listen carefully because I will say this only once. I am telling you from experience. My start with Talia was…" Damon paused while trying to find the right word. "Unpleasant. Her wolf was hurt so she didn't know we were mates, and I was making one mistake after another until I realized that I can't do this halfheartedly. I wanted her completely, and I had to give my all in return." 
"What mistakes did you make?", Maddox asked. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "Marcy Redmayne. Do I need to say more?" Actually, Maddox didn't know about Marcy sucking Damon off when Damon and Talia saw each other the first time, but Damon didn't have any intention to share that detail. If Maddox knew about it, Damon wouldn't hear the end of it. 
"This is not about me. It's about you.", Damon said. "Tatiana knew you were mates and when she saw those two she-wolves, she probably assumed that your heart is not into it. Show her your sincerity, show her that you want to be with her and only her. Beg, if needed. If you are not ready to do that much, forget about her. Those are your options. Pick one." 
Seeing Maddox's troubled expression, Damon knew that Maddox had no intention of rejecting Tatiana. 
"Look at the positives." 
"Are there positives?" 
"Of course!", Damon exclaimed. "First, she didn't reject you which means you have a chance. Second, she can feel the bond. Use it to win her back." 
Maddox snorted. "This is all twisted. We are mates. She is mine. Why do I need to work for it?" 
"That attitude will earn you a rejection.", Damon said dryly. "Don't think about Tatiana as yours. Think about her as your equal and imagine that roles were reversed. Imagine that instead of going to your room, the two of you ended up in hers, and just as the things got heated, some guys emerged from the bathroom. What would you do?" 
Seeing that Maddox's expression contorted in rage, Damon patted his shoulder. "Good. Now we are getting somewhere. Next, internet." 
"Internet?" 
"It's full of useful tips on how to win over a woman. I'm sure we will find tips to help you." Damon got his phone and started typing while mumbling, "How to pacify a wife after she found out about two mistresses..." 
Maddox's face darkened. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 273 - Relationship Advices (2)
Maddox was skeptical, thinking that Damon was messing with him. It wouldn't be the first time for Damon to pull a practical joke. 
Damon wouldn't mess with this, right? This was about Maddox's fated mate, and it was important! 
Maddox and Damon have such a bro-relationship where they tease and sometimes bully each other until it escalates into a fistfight, but when it counts, Maddox knew that Damon will have his back. 
In any case, Maddox was out of ideas, so he decided to take the leap of faith. 
Within seconds, Maddox was immersed in his phone while looking for solutions online. 
At first, Maddox feared that he won't find anything useful, but only a few moments later he realized that the challenge will be to pick the right ones. There were so many! 
Maddox understood that philandering and infidelity are common occurrences. Why else would there be numerous articles addressing those topics? 
Damon silently enjoyed Maddox's predicament. Maddox was teasing him about Talia, and this must be some kind of a speed record for karma to do its magic. 
At the thought of Talia, Damon got worried. Did Talia get a whiff of what happened here? And where was Tatiana? 
Damon swiftly mind-linked Omegas in the packhouse and he found out that Tatiana was not in the packhouse. She actually joined other girls for shopping! 
What if this incident with Maddox stirred some bad memories for Talia and she ends up with a grudge against Damon again? 
How would he wiggle out of that predicament? Jumping in a waterfall was quite effective last time. 
Damon rejected that idea. There must be a limit to how many times jumping in a waterfall will work, and he will save it for important things. 
He didn't feel any resentment through their mate bond, so Talia must be fine or… far away. Right! They went to the human city! That was not really a big distance, so if Talia was in distress Damon should feel it, but he still wanted to make sure things were OK. 
Damon tried mind-linking Maya, but he couldn't get through. One must know that the mind-link is not omnipotent. 
The territory of the pack acts like a signal-booster, allowing pack members within their territory to communicate via mind-link without issues, but when outside of their pack territory, there are limitations in terms of range. 
Since Maya was in the human town, she was out of the Dark Howlers pack territory, and Damon couldn't reach her with the mind-link, so he took his phone and send her a text. 
[How are things on your end?] 
Maya was in the swimwear store with Meg, Kalina, and Talia who were picking items under the supervision of Tatiana, and Maya was surprised to see a message from Damon. 
Why didn't Damon contact Talia? If anyone would reach out to Maya, that would be Caden. 
Something didn't feel right, but Maya still responded. 
[Shopping] 
[Is Tatiana with you?] 
Maya cocked an eyebrow while staring at her phone. Why was Damon asking about Tatiana? Other than introducing themselves, Damon and Tatiana didn't interact. 
Maya guessed that Damon might be asking for Alpha Maddox. Were they huddled next to Damon's phone? Maybe. Or actually… this might be Alpha Maddox using Damon's phone. Anything was possible. She decided to keep her responses short, just in case. 
[Yes] 
Damon was irritated with these one-word responses. It didn't tell him much, so he decided to be blunt. 
[Do you know what happened between Tatiana and Max?] 
[Yes] 
[How did Talia take it?] 
Maya smirked when she confirmed that this was Alpha Damon. 
The scary Alpha was insecure! Should she call Talia and show her this? 
Maya quickly dismissed that idea. The last time she meddled in the relationship between Damon and Talia, she ended up being separated from Caden. 
Actually, Maya was happy that someone can stir Damon's previously stone heart. That's how it should be. 
Maya swiftly typed a response. 
[Lia acted like a true Luna and advised Tanya not to do anything rashly] 
Damon puffed his chest when he read Maya's response. His kitten acted like a true Luna! 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Axel was trembling from excitement when he arrived in front of the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack. 
His instincts told him he was only a step away from finding the child from Cassandra's prophecy and he couldn't wait to see Talia again and confirm that voices in his head were true. 
How would he confirm it? Axel was not sure, but if he was successful, that would be H-U-G-E! 
In his mind, Axel could picture Cassandra confirming Talia's identity, and there would be no calamities and curses and he would prove to his parents and to everyone else how he was right. 
Why did they fear that Talia would have awesome powers? Shouldn't that be a blessing? 
A powerful member of the Midnight Guardians pack could raise their influence in the werewolf society and maybe, just maybe, open the door of possibilities where they won't need to hide their nature anymore. 
In the scenario where Talia gave herself to a man who is not her mate, she wouldn't have any powers, which would make her an ordinary she-wolf. How can she pose any danger then? 
Everyone in the Midnight Guardians pack knew about Cassandra's prophecy, but several decades passed with no news, and people started thinking about it as some legend, and not the real thing. 
Some people would bring it up whenever a child was born on a full moon, but it didn't go beyond that. 
However, Axel believed that the child was born already, and that was Talia. 
What he couldn't figure out was who were the real parents of that child (aka Talia). 
His parents either didn't know or they didn't want to tell him, and when he asked Cassandra about it, she responded in her enigmatic way, "When it's time for you to find out, you will." 
That was another mystery, but the parents of that blessed child were not important. If Axel ever found out about their identities, he would ask them how could they allow for their child to be sent away. 
Did they really think that she will be safer growing up with strangers who didn't know how special she was? 
The Midnight Guardians pack is safeguarding so many secrets, what's one more? Or maybe her parents perished? 
In Axel's opinion, the safest place for that child was in the Midnight Guardians pack. That's where she belonged, where her family was, and if that's really Talia, bringing her back home would be his way of apologizing for what was done two decades ago. 
Other than Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia (aka Axel's parents), no one knew what Axel was trying to accomplish by coming here and they were not supportive, but Axel was not discouraged. 
Kai and Tyler didn't know why Axel wanted to return to the Dark Howlers pack so soon. Normally, they would have months between their trips outside of the Midnight Guardians pack. But since Axel was set on going, as his future Beta and Gamma, the duo followed their future Alpha obediently. 
Back to the present… 
Dawn and Zina were at the main entrance, to welcome newcomers and show them into their rooms. 
"Is Alpha Damon here?", Axel asked even though he really wanted to ask if Talia was there. 
Dawn confirmed. "Alpha Damon is in the lounge with Alpha Maddox. The group from the Lightclaw pack is on the training grounds with Beta Caden. If you want to see Alpha Damon right away, we can take your things to your rooms." 
"That will be appreciated.", Axel responded with a smile that put Dawn and Zina in a daze. 
Every Alpha had qualities that would attract women, but Axel was special. Other than having chiseled features that were pleasing to the eyes, Axel was mysterious, usually stone-faced, and it was widely known that members of the Midnight Guardians pack are saving themselves for their mates. This last clause only made Axel more desirable because every unmated girl dreamed of being THE ONE. 
Axel's smile delivered a critical hit to Dawn's and Zina's tender hearts, and they needed a moment to collect themselves and scurry to help with suitcases that Kai and Tyler were hoisting out of the trunk of their car. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 274 - Relationship Advices (3) [Bonus ]
No matter how eager Axel was to meet Talia, based on the information Maddox provided, Axel knew that Damon and Talia were in a relationship, and he told himself to be patient. As long as he sticks to Damon, it's inevitable that he will see Talia. 
Every member of the Midnight Guardians pack keeps secrets, and they are doing it for a reason. If Axel was right, and Talia is the missing child, that should be kept a secret from Damon, regardless of whether Talia awakened her powers or not, because Damon is an outsider. 
Kai and Tyler went with Dawn and Zina straight to their rooms, and Axel headed to the lounge after dismissing Dawn and Zina with, "I know the way. Thank you." 
Damon was aware that Axel and his party arrived at the packhouse, and he looked at the door of the lounge a few seconds before Axel appeared. 
"Did you encounter issues during your trip?", Damon asked as Axel approached him with his hand outstretched for a handshake. 
"No issues.", Axel responded, pleased that Damon shook his hand. 
Axel glanced at Maddox who was scrolling on his phone and scribbling something on a piece of paper while his face changed rapidly from surprise to shock, outrage, delight... and then it was back to thoughtful. 
"Did something happen?", Axel asked while gesturing with his chin toward Maddox. 
In addition to the strange behavior, Maddox didn't even acknowledge his presence! But Axel was not angry because he spent quite some time with Maddox on the phone recently, and they could be considered close friends. 
"Max met his mate this morning and…" Damon paused while picking words that wouldn't offend Maddox. "Things didn't go well." 
Axel was speechless and he looked at Maddox with pity. 
"Did he get rejected?", Axel asked Damon in a hushed voice. 
"No. But he got close to it. As you can see, he is a mess." 
Axel was unable to hide his curiosity. Finding a mate is a big deal, especially for an Alpha, and Maddox messed it up? What does that mean? He really wanted to know more. 
"Let me know if I can help." 
Damon shook his head. "You won't understand, and you can't help." 
Axel frowned at Damon. It's one thing to say that he can't help, but what was that about not understanding? Did he imply that Axel was stupid? 
"How about you tell me what happened and let me see if I can understand it?", Axel asked, unable to conceal his displeasure. 
Damon shrugged and responded, "Max found his mate, took her to his room, and they were welcomed by two naked she-wolves who were there already." 
Axel stared at Damon blankly while processing this information. 
Damon smirked. "See? I told you. You won't understand because it's impossible to comprehend the infinite stupidity of a horny Alpha." 
"Don't act like you are a saint.", Maddox growled. He glanced at Axel and nodded in a silent greeting. 
Damon raised his hands defensively toward Maddox. "Don't put me in the same bucket with you. Besides, this is not about me. You need to fix it on your own if you want Tanya to see your sincerity. And aren't I helping? Without me, you would still be drinking and sulking." 
Maddox wanted to , but he stopped himself before he said anything. Damon was right. Without Damon, Maddox wouldn't think of going to the internet to search for the best ways to cajole a woman. 
However, it was not straightforward because there were so many different tips and Maddox was confident some of them were decoys written by bitter women to make men crash and burn. 
Complimenting Tatiana, gifting flowers, jewelry and perfumes sounded acceptable, but what was that about writing her poems, and singing? Do they really expect him to learn how to play guitar? 
Be spontaneous? How can a man be spontaneous when under pressure to impress a woman? 
Sure, watching the sunrise together sounds great, but how the hell is he supposed to reach that point? 
There was a stream of articles about whisking her away on a romantic weekend. Did that mean kidnapping was allowed and women like it? 
Surprise her. Respect her. Be honest. Be mysterious. Ask permission. Make her feel special. Don't shy from expressing your affection. Keep things private. Be available. Don't be intrusive. Call often. Don't suffocate her. Learn about her likes and dislikes. Don't pry into her private matters. 
Maddox thought that his brain will explode. Don't authors of those tips realize they are contradicting each other? 
The point of how women are emotionally driven was complete bullshit! If Tatiana followed her emotions, she would stick to Maddox no matter what because mate bond comes first, and he is a hot piece of ass! 
Maddox and Tatiana were less than a minute away from going at it and Maddox was confident that Tatiana wanted it just as he did! But then… why did she leave? 
Sure, she was angry because her pride was hurt, but why didn't she slap him a few more times to get it out of her system and then drag him to bed? 
Nothing made sense. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maddox would occasionally sigh or groan, and Damon had enough of it. Besides, he had more important things to do, and that included talking to Axel. 
Was Axel really interested in training? He can do that in his own pack. 
With the reputation of the Midnight Guardians pack being an isolated pack and not mingling with outsiders, Axel coming here two times within one month was unusual and Damon believed that this might be related to Talia. 
Damon saw Axel looking at Talia, and Damon didn't like it. 
Being nice to Talia had nothing to do with how Damon treated others and he wanted to clarify important points with Axel: Talia was taken, and Axel needed to drop whatever ideas he had about her. 
"I need to talk to you.", Damon told Axel. "Do you mind joining me in the study for…" 
"You are leaving me?", Maddox's question interrupted Damon. 
Damon frowned. Since when was Maddox clingy? 
"You have things under control.", Damon responded. 
"I don't.", Maddox admitted grumpily. Seeing that Damon was not willing, Maddox turned to Axel. "I need support." 
Axel shifted on his feet. "I am not the right person to give relationship advice." 
"That's fine. I need moral support. And you can give me your opinion on these…" Maddox waved the paper where he was jotting ideas. "At least tell me if I will make a complete ass of myself." 
Axel glanced at Damon. "We can talk later, right? I plan to stay here for a few days." 
Damon grumbled in displeasure before pointing out for Maddox, "You should really ask girls about this. I recommend Maya." Goddess knows Maya always has something to say. 
Axel's ears perked up at the mentioning of girls and he suppressed his urge to ask if that includes Talia. 
Maddox's brows came together in concern. "All girls are together, and Maya probably heard what happened. Do you think she will help?" 
Damon had to agree that Maddox had a point. 
Axel looked at Damon and Maddox and he couldn't believe his ears. "If both of you are aware that your lecherous ways are disrespecting women and will come to bite you when you find your mate, why do you keep doing it?" 
Damon gritted his teeth in annoyance, but he couldn't rebuke Axel's words. If this was before Talia came into his life, Damon would argue, however, now it was different. 
"There is no point in talking about the past.", Damon said diplomatically. "We need to assess the current situation and make plans for minimizing damage and turning this catastrophe into something beautiful." 
Seeing that both Maddox and Axel stared at him, Damon asked, "What?" 
"This flowery tongue…", Maddox said. "Is that Talia's influence?" 
Damon didn't deny it. "She makes me a better man." 
In the face of Maddox's pleading gaze, Damon caved in. "Alright. Let me see what you came up with. Axel, take a seat… we can talk later." 
Axel eyed Damon cautiously. Damon just admitted that he is entangled with Talia and that sounded alarm bells in Axel's head. If they are serious, it would be a problem to take Talia with him. 
Axel really wanted to ask Damon about the nature of his relationship with Talia, but he knew that this was not the right time. 
If their relationship was something that should be publicized, Damon would do it a long time ago, probably during the Summer Solstice festival. 
At that time, Axel assumed that Talia was a passing entertainment for Damon that will pass shortly, but then Damon took her to the event at the Lightclaw pack, and now she was here with other females, and Axel was not sure what to think. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 275 - Poor Performance
In the underground garage of the mall… 
Talia, Maya, Mindy, Kalina, Tatiana, and Meg finished with their shopping and were putting things in the van with the help of the staff from the mall. 
Neither of them thought she bought much, but there were six of them, and when all boxes and shopping bags came together, it was a lot. 
Luckily, Maya suggested using the van to come to the mall so after folding unused seats, there was enough space for their purchases. 
Tatiana and Mindy were in charge of making sure everything fits and nothing is squished or broken while Meg and Kalina helped. Maya started the van and was searching for the radio station that will play some cheery music and Talia used this opportunity to step to the side and check her phone. 
Talia smiled dreamily at the messages she received from Damon in the last half an hour. 
[I hope you are having fun] 
[Buy whatever you like] 
[Don't stray away from the group] 
[I miss you] 
[Stay safe] 
[I can't wait to see what you bought] 
[I hope there is something for me] 
While shopping, Talia would occasionally respond to his messages, but he sent so many that she wondered if he was doing what he was supposed to do: training with Tony and others. 
Talia looked at the group of ladies busying themselves around the van, and a novel sense of pride filled her chest. 
She never shopped like that with girlfriends. Actually, she never shopped like that. Period. 
The whole morning was exciting, and she didn't feel like an outsider. 
Talia wondered how to thank Damon for it because all this wouldn't be possible without him. 
When Talia told Damon that girls will go shopping, he gave her a credit card with words, "Don't look at the price tags, kitten. Nothing is too expensive for my Luna." 
"I'm not sure I can accept this." She was not comfortable spending his money. 
"Don't be silly.", he said with a knowing smile and gestured to her to look at the card. 
Talia's eyes widened when she saw that the black card in her hand had a name: Talia Blake. 
"When did you get this?", Talia asked Damon, unable to hide her surprise. 
He cupped her face in his palms and gazed into her honeyed eyes while talking, "On the day you started working as my assistant, I changed my bank account to a joint one and added you. I was looking for a good chance to give you the card, and this seems to be the one. What's mine is yours, kitten." 
His care warmed her heart. 
She couldn't connect this feeling of happiness with the person she was a month ago. At that time, Talia was alone in the attic, mostly thinking about securing her next meal and concealing her presence from others, yet now she was daydreaming about a handsome Alpha who was hers only. 
Since she met Damon, Talia's life changed drastically, and she got many things she never thought will happen, like friends and her wolf. 
It was surreal. 
Talia looked at Tatiana while wondering what's going on in the latter's mind. Whatever it was, it must have been related to Maddox, and it was probably painful and conflicting. But on the outside Tatiana was cool and composed, and she even smiled a little, and Talia admired that very much. 
Talia knew how wonderful she felt in Damon's embrace, and she also knew how agonizing was the thought that other women enjoyed the similar treatment, and Tatiana actually saw two women in Maddox's room. 
Talia wanted to comfort Tatiana, but other than their short exchange on their way to the mall, Tatiana didn't talk about Maddox, and Talia felt awkward bringing it up. And there was also the point that Talia was not sure what to say and not appear nosy. She didn't want to make it worse. 
While thinking about the possibility of worsening the current situation, another thing popped on Talia's mind and she beckoned Maya to join her on the side, out of the earshot of others. 
"What should we do about the party on the beach?", Talia asked Maya. 
Maya immediately understood where Talia was going with that. The party was to celebrate Tatiana and Maddox as mates. However, the duo's current relationship status was not something that should be celebrated. 
"Let's see what Kalina says." Maya decided to leave this decision to the person who knows Tatiana the best. 
Kalina thought for a moment before responding. "Preparations are already ongoing, so let's keep it. My sister seems fine, but I know that she is hurting on the inside. A party might cheer her up. Just remove any mate-related message from the cake and say that the party is to celebrate all of us gathering." 
And with that, girls entered the van and headed to the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon, Axel, and Maddox lined up in front of the packhouse, waiting for the van with six young women to arrive. 
Axel sent Tyler and Kai to train with others and he decided to stick around, eager to see Talia as soon as possible. 
However, now that he was standing next to the Maddox who had a big bouquet of colorful flowers in his hands, Axel regretted not joining his Beta and Gamma. But the gray-metallic Mercedes van was approaching them, and it was too late to change his mind. 
The moment the van appeared in sight, Maddox's body stiffened. 
He was a nervous wreck. 
First, he never gave flowers to any woman (his mother doesn't count). 
Second, he was about to face the woman who slapped him. No one EVER slapped him and lived to talk about it, yet here was Maddox with flowers as a present for the one who violated his handsome face. 
And third, he was about to apologize. Maddox NEVER apologized for anything in his life. 
Maddox was only minutes away from embarking on the journey of many firsts and he was extremely uncomfortable, but the internet and Damon said that Maddox needs to go through this. 
Axel agreed that this was the least Maddox needed to go through as penance for what he did. 
Axel even hinted that this might be just a beginning, but Maddox dismissed it as exaggeration nonsense. Surely, Tatiana will see his sincerity and forgive him. Right? RIGHT!? 
And it's not like he cheated! He was with those two women BEFORE he even knew that Tatiana exists. 
The only faux pas he made was that he didn't consider the possibility that those two women were still in his room, but that was one small forgetfulness, and he shouldn't walk through fire because of that. 
Needless to say, Damon was enjoying this. He couldn't wait for the van to stop and those doors to open because Talia was in there and because the show will begin. 
Damon wondered if Maddox will crash and burn quickly, or if Tatiana will give him a slow and painful death. 
Damon was 90% confident that Maddox's attempt to cajole Tatiana will fail. 
With Talia's kind and forgiving personality, Damon had to jump into the freaking waterfall in order to get her to soften up, and considering Tatiana's prideful nature, just one bouquet of flowers won't be enough. 
Damon wanted all this to be more theatric, but Maddox firmly refused to kneel and serenade Tatiana. 
Maddox accepted the idea of presenting to Tatiana the biggest flower bouquet they could find in Darkbourne on short notice, and Damon doubted if Tatiana will give Maddox more chances after this poor performance. 
All three guys straightened up when the van stopped. 
The side door opened, and girls started milling out. 
Meg stepped out first and went to the back to fetch the bags. Of course, she saw Maddox with flowers, just like all other women in the van, and they all waited to see what Tatiana will do. 
Maya hopped from the driver's side, and she joined Meg in the back, pretending to search for the right bags with her eyes on the Maddox. 
Maddox took a step forward apprehensively while looking at Tatiana who was getting out of the van. No matter how he looked at her, she was perfect. A Goddess. 
The addictive scent of strawberries reached him and a mental image of Tatiana riding him wildly flashed in his mind. Yup, that's where she belongs, on top of him. 
Maddox hesitated. What if this bouquet of flowers was not big enough? 
Tatiana's frosty gaze skimmed over Maddox who was peeking on the side of the colorful arrangement, and she addressed Damon. "Alpha Damon, how nice of you to welcome us back personally and you even brought help. They can carry our bags upstairs." 
Axel frowned. How did he become part of 'they' who should carry things? He doesn't even know half of the women there! 
Tatiana walked around Maddox-statue and went straight into the packhouse. 
Maddox needed a moment to process this. Did Tatiana ignore him? No, worse than ignoring, she treated him as help, an Omega… And he was holding wretched flowers and was about to apologize for something he didn't do! Damn it! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 276 - Maddox’s Apology (1)
The warm breeze carried away the intoxicating scent of strawberries Tatiana left behind, and rage bubbled inside Maddox as he slowly processed what just happened. 
How can Tatiana disregard him? They are mates! She should worship the ground he is walking on and not dismiss him like some nobody! 
And even without the mate bond, he is an Alpha! This was blatant disrespect. 
Part of him was angry because he was the one allowing Tatiana this freedom, and she was abusing it! 
No matter if it's in terms of physical strength or his Alpha aura, he could suppress Tatiana easily but he didn't want to play that way. He never forced a woman to obey him, and he had no intention to do so now. 
But it hurt to be this humiliated by a woman who should be his other half. 
Maddox wanted to snatch that enchantress, put her over his knee, and give her a good spanking. 
Maddox was about to throw flowers on the ground when Damon grabbed his raised arm. 
"You know she is testing you. Right?", Damon said. "Whatever attraction you feel toward Tatiana, she feels the same." 
"What attraction?", Maddox squeezed through his teeth. 
"Calm down.", Damon tried to reason with him. "By giving in to your rage, she won." 
"What do you suggest, wise guy?", Maddox asked Damon sarcastically. 
"Tatiana said that you can carry her bags. Use that to get access to her room. Do what's necessary for her to forgive you and don't lose your temper. Discuss things in private. Apologize." 
Maddox sneered. "Apologize? For what?" 
"Apologize for whatever she thinks you did. Right now, you are at disadvantage, and you need to be careful. The more time you spend with her, the more your bond will strengthen, and things will get easier. Trust me on this one. You won't regret it." 
Maddox wanted to argue, but Damon was looking at him seriously and Maddox ended up nodding even though he didn't understand what Damon was saying. 
Kalina was already in front of Maddox with several shopping bags in her hands. She wanted to argue for her sister and to tell Maddox to tone down that attitude, but now that she was standing close to Maddox, she realized how big he is. His hostile expression made him look like a ferocious ogre that could make her fly away with a flick of his finger. 
She couldn't help but wonder, are all Alphas so scary? 
Alpha Damon was not so big physically compared to Alpha Maddox, but Kalina clearly remembers how his Alpha aura immobilized her when he angrily carried Talia from Alpha Maddox's room at the Lighclaw pack. 
Compared to Alpha Maddox and Alpha Damon, her Tony was like a tame puppy. 
Kalina swallowed a mouthful of air before extending her arms toward Maddox. "These are Tanya's." 
Maddox violently snatched bags from Kalina's hands before going into the packhouse. His feisty movements made some of the flowers fall out of the bouquet, leaving a flowery trail behind him. 
Maddox didn't know which room was Tatiana's, but the scent of strawberries showed him the way. 
"Hi, Axel! It's nice to have you here.", Talia said, and Axel responded with a reserved wave. 
Axel was planning to greet her enthusiastically, but the fact that Talia walked straight to Damon while talking to Axel, made Axel pause to observe the situation. 
"Will things be OK? Max won't do something unforgivable, right?", Talia asked while snuggling into Damon's embrace. 
Talia's arms wrapped around Damon's firm torso naturally and she took in a deep breath of his intoxicating scent. Forest and the dark chocolate. Her favorites. 
Damon pressed his lips on Talia's forehead briefly before responding, "It will be fine." 
"How do you know?" 
Damon looked at the little woman who was leaning on him completely. "Because the Moon Goddess doesn't make mistakes. She paired them up for a reason." Just how she paired the two of us. 
He didn't say this last part aloud, but Talia knew what he wanted to say. 
Kalina nodded at Damon's words. Tony was exactly what Kalina needed and maybe this ogre-like Alpha (aka Maddox) is what her prideful sister needs. 
Seeing that Damon and Talia were serving copious amounts of dog food, Kalina went to get her bags. 
"Did you miss me?", Damon asked Talia while gazing at her lovingly. 
"Do you need to ask?", she responded with a question. 
Damon pouted. "I want to hear you say it." 
Talia smiled at the silly Alpha. "I missed you." 
Damon hummed in approval and leaned to kiss her again, this time on the lips. 
Axel stood on the side and watched Damon and Talia who were lovey-dovey, and even though there were other people present, he felt like a peeper. 
Damon's and Talia's smiles matched as they exchanged a few soft kisses before Damon said, "I hope you didn't hold back on shopping. Let me carry your bags upstairs. Will you show me what you bought?" 
"Don't you have work to do?" 
"I always have time for you, kitten." 
Talia wanted to reprimand him because he can't neglect his duties, but his words made her mushy on the inside and she ended up smiling foolishly. 
As Damon moved to get shopping bags with Talia's things, Talia turned to Axel. 
"How was your trip?" 
"It was fine. Thank you for asking Miss Talia. Are you doing well since we met the last time?" 
Talia always liked how polite Axel was. He was addressing her like she was someone important even before people started guessing that she was in a relationship with Damon. 
"Yes. I am doing well. Are you hungry? If you are, we can get you some food because we will have lunch on the beach and that will be at least one hour from now, probably more." 
Axel wanted to accept and to ask if Talia will join him for a snack, but he saw Damon glowering at him, so Axel was quick to reject. "No need to bother with me, Miss Talia." He will find his chance to approach Talia, later. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"That doesn't sound good." 
Maddox paused when he heard Tatiana's voice from her room. 
He wanted to knock, but the door was open ajar, so he stood there silently with an intention to hear with whom Tatiana was talking. 
Yes, he was eavesdropping, and he was not ashamed of it. 
"I'm sure you can handle it, Mario." 
Maddox's expression darkened. Mario sounded like a guy's name. Did Tatiana have a man inside? 
His hands were full of shopping bags and there was also a ruffled bouquet of flowers, so he used his shoulder to push the door open, ready to punch the daylights out of Mario. 
Maddox paused at the sight of Tatiana's back. She was standing in front of the window, facing outside, and the exquisite curves of her body made Maddox drool a little. He really wanted to fondle her all over. 
"Come on, it can't be that bad…", Tatiana said, and Maddox realized that she was talking on the phone. 
OK. There was no man but still… who the hell was Mario? 
Tatiana exhaled and her voice became impatient. "I am visiting my sister and I told you that I expect you to deal with emergencies in my absence. Is it too much to ask for a few days?… Fine, fine. I know it's not your fault. Send me pictures of the fabric with details. I will see who dares to send me Charmeuse when I requested Crepe de Chine…" 
Maddox stood at the door of Tatiana's room and stared at her as possessed. 
Her delicious scent of strawberries was hard to resist, and he wondered if she could feel his scent. 
Damon said that they feel the same. That means she also feels the attraction and the sparks and the only thing preventing her from ripping his clothes off and pushing him on the bed is that she saw those two women in his room. 
Was Tatiana really controlling her urges to that extent? 
Just thinking about her softness and the mind-spinning kisses made Maddox hard. He was never so easily aroused and to think that Tatiana was immune to his charms was impossible to accept. 
Maybe if he gets closer and touches her and she feels the sparks, she will remember how good it feels when they embrace each other. Or she might slap him again. 
Ah! If those two wenches left how Maddox told them, Maddox and Tatiana would be entangled with each other, and he wouldn't stand there like an idiot with shopping bags and flowers in his hands while Tatiana pretended that he doesn't exist. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 277 - Maddox’s Apology (2) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
This bonus chapter is to celebrate the latest super gift! (feature available only on the NovelFire platform) 
Thank you, Peaches1, for the magic castle! 
. . . 
Maddox was confident that Tatiana is a smart woman. If he explains how those two she-wolves happened before he met Tatiana and that she saw them only because those two lingered against his orders, things will be fine. 
Tatiana ended her phone call and sat at the small desk where her laptop was. The screen lit up a second later, and Tatiana started going through her emails. 
Maddox looked at Tatiana's enchanting profile and he frowned while wondering if she was ignoring him or if she really didn't notice him there. 
He dismissed the first option. After all, he is an Alpha and no one EVER ignored him. 
But then… he is a rather big guy, standing at the door that's wide open. It would be impossible not to notice him. 
Maddox didn't allow this small technicality to deflate his momentum, and he cleared his throat to get Tatiana's attention. 
"Keep those down and you can leave.", Tatiana said without raising her gaze from the screen. 
Rage bubbled within Maddox. How dares she dismiss him like he is some errand boy? 
'BOM!' 
The sound of shopping bags falling on the hardwood floor was unusually loud and Maddox wondered what she bought. That sounded too loud for shoes and garments. What if it was something hard and breakable? There was no sound breaking, but still… 
"What do you think you are doing?", Tatiana asked irritably. How dares he throw things she purchased? 
Maddox lifted his gaze from the bags at his feet and looked at her. 
Part of him wanted to argue, and there was another part that wanted to pull her into his embrace and kiss her senselessly. He was never so conflicted! 
He remembered that he was still holding onto one thing. "I brought you flowers." 
Tatiana's perfectly groomed eyebrow arched. "So?" 
Maddox's face fell. What does she mean by, so? 
How was he supposed to answer this? 
"Listen…", Maddox paused when he realized that his frustration was showing. He took a deep breath and continued. "I know we had a rough start and I want us to start over." 
Maddox didn't move a muscle while Tatiana scrutinized his handsome form. 
Impatience grew within Maddox, mixing with anxiousness and rage. Is it so difficult to say, 'Yes, Max. That's a wonderful idea…', and then get naked and go at it? 
"Come in, close the door.", Tatiana said eventually. 
Maddox grinned. It's working! Ha! And he didn't need to beg or kneel or anything! 
After closing the door, Maddox turned to Tatiana who looked at him with amusement on her face, but she didn't move. He wanted to go there and embrace her, but his instincts told him that wasn't a good idea, so he stood there awkwardly. 
One second. Two. Three seconds. 
"I am listening.", Tatiana said, and Maddox frowned in confusion. 
"To?", he asked. 
"To whatever you wanted to say." Tatiana tilted her head at his silence. "I hope you came here to explain yourself because just bringing flowers won't count for much." 
She stood up and straightened non-existent creases on her dress. "I will appreciate it if you hurry up." 
"Do you have something more important to do than to clear up the misunderstanding with your mate?", Maddox asked with a sneer. Maybe she has something to do with that Mario person. 
Tatiana ignored his hostility. "Talia and Maya set aside this afternoon for spending time on a beach. It was a long time since I relaxed, and I would like to go there, but before that, I have some work-related things to settle." 
Max couldn't believe it. She just brushed off the whole mate business! 
Maddox swallowed curses that threatened to come out of his mouth and forced a smile that looked more like an ugly grimace. 
"As I said, I want us to start over." He extended his hand that held a disheveled bouquet of flowers. "My name is Maddox River. I am Alpha of the Blue River pack and your mate." 
Seeing that Tatiana didn't move, Maddox walked toward her and stopped when he was one step away from Tatiana. 
"These are for you." 
Instead of taking the flowers that nearly touched her chest, Tatiana asked, "Do you know why I left your room this morning?" 
Maddox pressed his lips into a line. "Those she-wolves were there since last night. That was before I was aware of your existence. I told them to leave, but they didn't. If I knew they were in that bathroom, I wouldn't bring you to my room." 
"So, if they left the room when you told them to, everything would be great. Right?" 
Maddox was not sure where she was going with this, but the answer was obvious. "Yes." 
Tatiana frowned and before she could say anything, Maddox spoke again, "You know we are mates. We are made for each other. Why are you making this difficult?" 
Tatiana looked at him in disbelief. "I am making this difficult? Listen here, Maddox River, Alpha of the Blue-whatever pack. Mates should cherish each other, put the other one first. It's a sacred bond created by the Moon Goddess, and you dirtied it." 
"How did I dirty it? When I saw you, I forgot about everything else, including that there might be other women in my room." 
Tatiana's face stiffened. "I would assume that an Alpha in charge of a pack would have more things going for him. You disappoint me." 
Maddox frowned. "What am I lacking?" 
"Brain.", Tatiana deadpanned. "Your lack of sensibility is proving that you are just a hot piece of ass." 
Subconsciously, Maddox twisted his body to see his behind and mumbled, "It's a good ass." 
Really, no one ever complained about his physique, and he had no idea why Tatiana brought it up. Besides, if he ignored her derisive tone, it sounded like a compliment. How can a hot piece of ass be a bad thing? 
Seeing that Tatiana's face darkened, Maddox added, "No one said how my hot ass is the only thing I have. I am sensible and that is why I'm here. With flowers." 
Tatiana sneered. "Sensible? And how do you explain that my other half was eager to claim me as his on the bed where he spent a rowdy night with two other women? And it was not just the night. Based on the fresh scents lingering in the air, I was confident that you were busy until minutes before we met. Is that how one should treat his mate? You talk about starting over but that might be possible only if you can erase that disgusting mental image." 
The truth was that under her composed fa?ade, Tatiana was barely keeping it together. The mate bond works in such a way. Maddox was outrageously handsome, and his scent of coffee was irresistible, and she paid attention not to touch him because if the addictive sparks flare, she might snap and pounce on him. 
But she couldn't give in to those primal urges because Maddox obviously needed an attitude adjustment. 
… 
-- This work is published on WebNovel (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maddox realized that the problem is wider than just two women emerging from the bathroom with towels around their bodies. This was also about the bed, but… "The only one I could think of was you, and everything else…" 
"Wrong!", Tatiana snapped and her voice was rising as she lost control of her temper. "The only one you could think of was YOU. If you thought about me even a little bit, you would wonder if I would enjoy shagging a guy on the bed that was recently used by someone else. Damn it! At least you could change the bedsheets. And you would definitely double-check if the sluts you left in your room were still there." 
Maddox was at a loss for words. Everything she said was correct, but this didn't sound right either. But he had a feeling that talking about it won't lead anywhere and it will only make things worse. 
He wished that Mindy was there. Mindy was knowledgeable about this female stuff, and she would definitely tell him something useful. He thought about mind-linking Mindy, but then he remembered that she cut him off earlier, which means that Mindy abandoned him and he was on his own. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 278 - Maddox’s Apology (3)
Facing Tatiana's determined expression, Maddox frantically searched his brain for the right move, a gesture, a speech, anything... to win over a woman. He read about so many on the internet, but now that he was in a sticky situation, everything was jumbled up and nothing made sense. 
With no other choice, Maddox steeled his will, like he was about to face several dozen rogues on his own, and spoke solemnly. 
"You are right. I was thinking about myself." 
Maddox paused while observing Tatiana's expression that didn't crack, but her eyes told him that she was surprised by this blunt way of speaking and he hoped that was a good sign. 
He braced himself and continued, "How do you expect me to care about you when I never cared about anyone in my life? From the moment I laid my eyes on you, the only thing on my mind was to get closer, to inhale your scent, to touch you, and I forgot about anything else, but even if I didn't, I wouldn't know from where to start." 
Maddox spread his arms before gesturing toward himself. "This is me. I bedded more women than I can remember, and I never cared for any. Until now. I am willing to learn and change my ways, if you allow me. We both know we are mates. My stance is clear. I want to make this work. However, it seems that you still didn't decide if you will reject or accept me. Which one will it be?" 
Seeing that Tatiana just looked at him, Maddox continued, "I know that your pride got hurt this morning and I came here to apologize. Since this is not enough for you to accept me, I need to know what else I need to do. State your conditions." 
In the face of Maddox's determination, Tatiana's respect for him rose. 
As a businesswoman, she appreciated the no-nonsense approach and if she could pick a man to spend her life with, it wouldn't be a heartless playboy, but it wouldn't be a softie either. 
Unfortunately, as much as she liked Maddox's little speech, Tatiana didn't have a solution. If she tells him what steps to take and he follows through, it wouldn't be from his heart and she wanted to see what he will do for her, as his mate. 
"I appreciate your honesty, and I will be frank in return.", she said. "Your first impression was bad and if you want me to drop my guard, I need to believe that it won't happen again. If you want to show your sincerity, just one bouquet of flowers won't suffice." 
"How many will?", he asked without missing a beat. 
Tatiana was not sure if she should laugh or cry. "It's not about the flowers, Max. It's about showing that you care for me." 
"How do I do that?" He needed ideas and he needed something that will produce quick results. 
Tatiana exhaled helplessly. Maddox's speech from a minute ago was promising, but now he confirmed that his EQ is negative. 
"That is something you will need to figure out yourself. Now, if you will excuse me, I have things to do." 
Maddox realized that Tatiana was chasing him away. And she still didn't accept the flowers! 
"What things?", Maddox asked stiffly. 
"There are some matters in the company I need to take care of." 
"What company?" 
Tatiana rolled her eyes. "If you paid attention to what I was saying during breakfast, you would know that I own a company." 
Maddox pressed his lips into a line guiltily. She was right. He was not paying attention because he was mesmerized by her enchanting visual and distracted by his hard-on. He couldn't say that, but he didn't want to leave either. 
Damon said that the more time they spend together, the bond will strengthen, and then Tatiana will give in. 
OK. Maddox added this last part, but the rest was Damon's. 
"Do you mind if I stick around?", Maddox asked. 
"Suit yourself. But don't bother me. I have important matters to deal with.", Tatiana responded and sat back on the chair before focusing on her emails. 
Maddox pulled a chair from the side and sat next to her happily. 
He gazed at her elegant fingers that danced over the keyboard. Every part of Tatiana was seductive, fingers included. He licked his lips while imagining those fingers in his mouth. He would suck each of them thoroughly. 
Maddox shifted a bit to adjust his hard-on and he wondered if Tatiana was impacted by his proximity how much he was impacted by hers. 
He frowned a bit when he saw that she was totally focused on whatever was on the screen. 
He was right next to her! 
What could it be so important? 
Maddox's frown deepened when he looked at the header of the email Tatiana was responding to. There was that name again. "Who is Mario?" 
"My assistant.", Tatiana responded. 
"A guy?" 
"Yes." 
"Is he… handsome?" 
Tatiana's fingers paused above the keyboard and her lips lifted into a smile. "You wanted to ask if he is more handsome than you." 
"That also.", Maddox said stiffly. 
Tatiana stifled a giggle. "I wouldn't know. When I hire people, I look at their abilities, and not at their appearance." 
Maddox was not happy with this response. "But now that I asked, you are thinking about how handsome he is. Right?" 
Tatiana shook her head and refused to answer. If any of them should worry about Mario being interested romantically, that would be Maddox because Mario is openly gay, but Tatiana didn't want to reveal that to Maddox. Let him simmer in jealousy. 
It took Tatiana only a few seconds to acknowledge that being with Maddox was natural, like it was supposed to be that way. 
He was stubborn and irritating, and she was not sure if that clashed with her willful personality, or it complemented her, but she had a feeling that if they could smoothen things out and work together, they will be unstoppable. 
Tatiana shot a side-glance at the messed up bouquet that Maddox kept on the table, next to her laptop, and she struggled not to smile. 
As a successful good-looking young woman, Tatiana has her share of admirers who are regularly sending her gifts and that messed-up bouquet of flowers was probably the most horrific thing she received in a long time, yet it warmed her heart. 
She reminded herself to focus on work because she was on the verge of giving in to the charms of the Alpha whose scent made her dizzy. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Two minutes later… 
"Do you need to be so close?", Tatiana asked stiffly. Maddox was inching toward her steadily while making sniffing sounds and she could feel his heat splashing on her skin. 
With his scent muddling her mind and knowing that he was right next to her, it was impossible to focus on work. 
"You are beautiful.", he responded in a deep voice that shook her insides. 
"I am trying to work." 
"So am I." 
"What's your work? Distracting me?" 
Maddox chuckled. "I am not trying to distract you." 
Tatiana snapped to look at him irritably. "And what are you trying to do?" 
"To get to know you." 
Tatiana's heart skipped a beat at his words. 
He reached to touch her cheek with the tips of his fingers, and he was happy that she didn't move to avoid him. The sparks shot up his arm and went straight to his heart and the way she leaned into his touch told him that she could feel the sparks also. And she liked them. 
"Do you accept my apology?" Maddox was so close that his breath splashed on her lips. 
"I didn't hear one." 
"You are a smart woman, Tatiana Wilkov. I am confident that you know me being here is my way of saying that I am sorry for what happened." 
"Will it hurt you to say it?" 
There was no way he will say it. They were close, and the sparks were there, and he knew that she was on the verge of caving in. Just a bit more. "Do you forgive me?" 
Tatiana inhaled a shaky breath that was filled with the delicious scent of coffee. She really wanted some, but she fought mightily against that urge. 
"I am thinking about it.", she responded. "Don't you need to get ready for the beach?" 
Maddox's eyes lit up. Tatiana already said that she was going to the beach, and this question definitely implied that he should come also. Score for Maddox! 
"I can be ready in five minutes.", he said. 
"How about you start now? There is no need to rush." 
"I will be back once I'm ready and we can go there together." 
Tatiana refused. "I will see you at the beach." 
Maddox observed her for a few seconds in silence before saying, "Don't blame me if you see me sooner." 
He took her hand into his and before she could react, he kissed the back of her palm. 
"Mmm…", Maddox hummed lowly while his lips rested on her skin, and he relished the sensation of the sparks that made him feel alive. 
"I will see you soon, Tanya.", Maddox said with a boyish grin and walked out with a spring in his step. 
When the door closed behind Maddox, Tatiana reached to touch her hand where addictive sparks still danced. 
Tatiana didn't want to admit it, but she missed his presence already. 
Will she be able to smoothen out those rough edges around Maddox or will she cave in first? Tatiana was not sure, but she was determined to see what will happen. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 279 - Maddox’s Rage [Bonus ]
Maddox walked away from Tatiana's room with difficulty. 
Every cell in his body screamed for Tatiana's proximity, but he knew that forcing it will only make it worse. 
Maddox had many skills in his repertoire which included negotiating deals, disarming bombs, calculating yearly expenses for the whole pack, and fighting in human and wolf form. However, courting a woman was not a part of that impressive lineup. 
Maddox was never a gentleman because there was no need. His position allowed him to deal with others by being bluntly honest. As for women, they would come to him in all shapes and sizes to serve him willingly and the only thing he needed to do was to make his picks for the night. 
That's the treatment all Alphas receive and their instincts to show their power and domination are not helping them in being polite. 
But no matter how low his EQ was, Maddox was aware that his blunder from that morning offended Tatiana and if he tries to rush her into accepting him, it will only backfire. 
Since he didn't know how to be sensible toward women, Maddox treated his current situation to negotiating a business deal with a party that was not eager to strike a deal. However, this time the stakes were his heart and his future as an Alpha. 
If he fails, Maddox will lose the Luna that the Moon Goddess gave him, and the consequences will be unimaginable. 
This was important and he couldn't allow for any loose ends that might trip him along the way. 
He was itchy to get ready for the beach and reunite with Tatiana as soon as possible, however, in order to increase his chances of success, he needed to deal with liabilities, and one of them was right here. 
Maddox stopped in front of one door and pushed it open without knocking. 
"Mindy!", Maddox growled as soon as he closed the door behind him. 
"Huh?", Mindy made a silly sound while peeking from the closet. She was sorting out her recent purchases. 
Seeing Maddox glowering at her, Mindy shrank. She felt danger and cursed under her breath when she realized that the closet doesn't have windows. There were no escape routes and Maddox was standing at the door, his Alpha aura rippled in suffocating waves with Maddox at the center. 
"What do you want?", Mindy asked while doing her best to control her voice from breaking. She never saw Maddox that angry. 
"How dare you cut me off?" 
Mindy knew that Maddox was pissed because she cut off the mind-link that morning when Maddox asked her about Tatiana. "Did you come here to punish me because I don't want to cover up your dirty deeds?" 
"Mindy!", Maddox shouted. "This is not the time for your feminist crap! Tanya is not some random girl. She is my mate. Your future Luna! Do you know what the consequences are if she rejects me!?" 
Mindy narrowed her eyes defiantly. "Shouldn't YOU worry about those consequences?" 
Maddox balled his hands into fists. "If you are not my sister, you would end up in the dungeon for plotting against your Alpha and future Luna. Behave or I will send you home, and you can guess which side our parents will take after I tell them that I found my mate and you were not supportive." 
Mindy was dejected. She was tired of always being reminded how Alphas have all rights while she needs to follow orders. "You messed up, why would I help you clean up?" 
Maddox closed his eyes and exhaled sharply. Mindy was always a willful she-wolf, and he either supported her or didn't care because he saw her as his little sister, a cute pup that is all bark and no bite, but this time he had enough. 
"Damn it, Mindy! Why are you always opposing me?" 
"How did I oppose you?" 
Maddox narrowed his eyes at Mindy dangerously. "Do you think I'm stupid? Do you think that all the shit you say behind my back doesn't reach my ears? I can only imagine you girls making a sistership circle around Tanya like I am some kind of a villain who should be castrated." 
His nostrils flared in anger. "Do you think it's a good quality to say whatever comes to your mind? Look around, Mindy. How many long-term friends you have? Why are Claire and Rachel avoiding you? How long will this group of women tolerate your brash way of talking? Yes, you are only telling the truth, but you are not a child anymore and you should learn that some things should be left unsaid. Your words matter and they can cause harm. I allowed you to tag along with me because mom and dad pestered me, but if I knew it will explode in my face, I would leave you behind regardless of the consequences. Go and manage your charities and leave me alone." 
Maddox's voice shook as he struggled to suppress his rising temper as he continued, "I fail to understand why would you side with a bunch of women you just met and disregard me? Do you even know what happened, or did you just assume that I hurt my mate because I am an asshole? I don't expect you to help me, but at least don't work against me. Why do you have so much hate when it comes to men in power? Aren't you benefiting from being part of the Alpha family? Why can't you see me as a brother? If my own sister won't speak up for me or show respect an Alpha should get, how can I expect others to think of me as anything more than a scoundrel?" 
Mindy looked at Maddox whose rage was turning into sorrow as his fierce glare was replaced with disappointment and her eyes prickled from tears that were threatening to fall. 
She wanted to tell him that he was wrong, but she couldn't. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Mindy's gaze fell on the carpet between the two of them as his words echoed in her mind and she remembered the last few hours. 
Mindy didn't say anything bad about Maddox in the van or during their shopping in the mall, but she said some quite nasty things before he came down for breakfast. Why did she say those things? 
Maddox is a brother to her, but he is an Alpha to everyone else and she failed to give him the respect that his position as an Alpha demands or the love a sister should give. And she knew that Maddox was right… if she was not his sister, her careless way of talking would get her in trouble many times before. 
If she didn't speak about Maddox as a womanizer, maybe Tanya wouldn't just leave without giving him a chance to explain things when those two she-wolves appeared. 
And in the van, she didn't speak up for him either because… because… because she assumed that he is an asshole who hurt his mate. 
This was the first time for Mindy to see Maddox so upset, but what stung fiercely was the grief that laced his every word. She really messed up. 
Maddox was her older brother and she always saw him confidently moving forward, celebrating his victories, and brushing off failures like they were not important because he would stand up and try again and again until he overcomes that challenge. 
She believed that there was nothing that can diminish his spirit, and now she confirmed that she was wrong. 
Tatiana was important, probably the most important thing Maddox encountered so far, and instead of supporting him, Mindy made it worse. 
Will saying sorry fix anything? 
Mindy looked up only to see an empty doorframe. 
Maddox left without punishing her and that created painful knots in her stomach. 
If he shouted more or maybe if he hit her a few times she would have a reason to be resentful and to say that he was bullying her, but now she was left alone, feeling deflated with this feeling of guilt that was eating her alive. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 280 - Presents
In the master bedroom on the third floor of the packhouse… 
Damon kept the shopping bags on the ground and started peeking into them like a child looking for candies. 
"Where is the thing you bought for me?" 
Talia giggled and pushed him to sit on the sofa. "Wait a minute. Let me find it." 
She didn't want to tell him that girls went lingerie-shopping and if he sees it now, it will spoil the surprise. 
Damon was super-excited. Talia bought something for him! Whatever it was, he will treat it as a treasure. "What did you get?" 
Talia shook her head helplessly. She realized that Damon doesn't have a neutral state. Everything he does is extreme. Happiness, anger, dejection, playfulness, jealousy, whatever it is, it's maxed out. And right now, Damon was impatient. 
She hoped that he will like the coffee mug she picked for him. Girls suggested that she buys Damon a necktie and other clothing items, but she was not sure if he will wear those, so she went with a mug. It came with a matching pen, so it was a set. 
Did she really buy so many things? And they were wrapped in colorful tissue paper that made it difficult to find something specific. 
The mug was white with a silver outline of a wolf, and when a hot beverage gets poured in, the ceramic will heat up and turn black, emphasizing the outline of a silver wolf howling at the moon that's not visible when the mug is cool and white. 
Talia knew that Damon enjoys his morning coffee and she really-really hoped that he will use the mug she got him. 
She was nervous. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
While waiting for Talia to find the right item, Damon saw on the sofa two plush toys. Blackie and Cinna. 
He glared at Cinna. Will he ever be able to get rid of that wretched toy that came with the ghost of coach Keith? 
At the sight of all the shopping bags and colorful tissue paper, Damon got an idea. 
Cinna is on the smaller side. Would it be strange if she accidentally ends up lost in those bags and colorful paper, and gets trashed? That sounded like something that could really happen. And Omega in charge of the cleaning will take the trash out tomorrow and no one will find her. Ever! 
But for that, he needed more bags and tissue paper, and then he will 'accidentally' push Cinna into one of the empty bags and stuff the colorful paper on top. Brilliant! 
Damon groaned. "You are too slow! Let me help you get things out." 
Talia couldn't believe him. 
"Wait! Wait!", Talia exclaimed while slapping his hands away from the bags. "You should learn to be patient." 
Damn it! Damon cursed internally. Talia is doing everything neatly and is not allowing him to make the mess that will sweep Cinna away. 
"Let me open something.", Damon insisted. 
Talia didn't understand what got into him. Why can't he sit tight for a minute? 
She remembered that Mindy delivered a mini-mountain of presents and Talia kept them on (and around) the sofa chair. Damon didn't enter their bedroom until they returned from the Shifters nightclub, and the morning was busy so no one paid attention to those presents. 
"Why don't you open your gift from Mindy while you wait?" 
Damon was alerted. "A gift from Mindy? Why would she give me anything?" 
"She got us matching wristwatches.", Talia explained while putting two boxes in front of him. "This one is for you." 
Damon was interested. "Matching wristwatches?" 
He opened both boxes and hummed in approval. He didn't wear a wristwatch, because it would break (or come off) during shifting into his wolf form, so it was not practical, and if he wanted to check the time, he had his cell phone. However, if it's matching with Talia's, he will find a chance to wear it. 
"I told you that Mindy is a good person. We should keep her.", Damon said with glee while keeping two open boxes with wristwatches side-by-side on the coffee table so that he can admire them. 
Talia smiled at the silly Alpha. He said that during the party at the Lightclaw pack, but a few seconds later he backtracked. 
Damon's eyes moved over other boxes that were there. "What else did Mindy get?" 
Talia shrugged. Other than wine, she didn't remember. "Feel free to check." 
Damon took one flat box from the top and he hoped that it was sexy lingerie. He would ask Talia to put it on and then he will rip it and… 
Nope. It was a golden necklace with matching earrings. Damon's brows came together while wondering if Talia likes these things… jewelry. 
Should he buy her some? Definitely. But what should he get? Probably nothing without consulting Maya first. Or he could take Talia to the store and let her pick. Unfortunately, knowing Talia's personality, she probably wouldn't pick anything. 
He kept the box on the side and opened the next one. 
No luck with lingerie, but he was getting closer. It was a silky bathrobe with fluffy slippers. 
Damon reached for the next box while wondering if it's normal for females to gift each other these kinds of things. 
"Do you like what Mindy got you?", Damon asked. 
"It's OK.", Talia responded absentmindedly. Actually, Talia thought that it was too much, but she didn't want to say that out of fear of sounding ungrateful. 
"Will you use it?" 
"It depends." 
Talia remembered that among presents from Mindy other than wine there is an assortment of nuts and dried fruits. "I would love to try it with you. Maybe tonight when the things with guests settle and it's just the two of us?" 
Damon didn't respond. Putting a wristwatch on in the evening didn't sound like his idea of having fun, and there was no way he could fit in that silky bathrobe. 
Talia didn't think much about Damon's silence. 
"Found it!", Talia exclaimed while fishing out a cube-shaped box and she paused at the sight of Damon who stared at the half-open box like his mortal enemy was inside. 
Talia looked at the box in front of Damon and blinked once, twice… and then her eyes widened in horror when she remembered what was in that box. 
It was a women's self-care kit with music, bathing salts, scented candles, skincare products, and there was also a lubricant and a dildo! 
"You want us to try this together? Tonight?", Damon asked stiffly. 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air. "Not everything." 
Damon's icy gaze locked her in place. "Not everything? Some things you want to use on your own?" 
Talia could feel the danger and she cursed Mindy internally. Why the hell did she buy her a set that came with that abominable thing? 
Damon stood up in slow motion and Talia took a step back on an instinct. 
"Which one of us should use this?", Damon asked, and Talia couldn't stop looking at the purple dildo in his hand. 
She bit her lower lip to prevent herself from laughing. 
Yes, Damon was angry, and she was in trouble, but he was holding the dildo with the tips of his index finger and thumb, as far as possible from his body, like it was something dirty. 
Talia knew that she should be wary of Damon who was royally pissed, but how can she take this situation seriously when Damon was in the same frame with a purple dildo? 
Damon sneered. "What is funny?" 
"Nothing.", she lied with a straight face. 
"I can feel your emotions.", he said matter-of-factly. 
Talia's chin shivered and then she burst into laughter. 
"Ha-ha-ha… AH!", Talia's laughter turned into a shriek when Damon leaped over the coffee table, straight toward her. 
Talia dodged him and ran around the sofa while struggling to catch her breath through giggles. 
Of course, she didn't reach far. 
After no more than five seconds of Talia's giggles and squeals, Damon's arms wrapped around Talia, and they fell on the floor with Talia on top. 
She noticed that his hands were empty. 
"Where is it?", Talia asked. 
"What do you think?" 
Talia raised her head how much she could and glanced around. Her eyes fell on the open window. "Did you throw it out?" 
"What if I did?" 
"You can't. What if someone sees it? It's a gift from Mindy." 
"So, you want to keep it?", Damon squeezed through his teeth and rolled them over so that he ends on top. 
"That's not what I said." 
"What did you say?" 
Talia exhaled helplessly. She had no intention of using it, but she couldn't throw it either. Talia thought about keeping it somewhere in the depths of the closet where it will be lost forever, but now Damon found it and he was acting like she was planning to leave him and live happily ever after with a piece of purple silicone. 
Talia knew that there was no point in arguing with Damon when he was like this and he was nuzzling her neck, making her hairs stand on ends. It was difficult to think, and she was not sure if the heat between her legs was hers or from him, probably from both because he was grinding himself, and the sensation of his hard shaft pressing her sensitive spot stirred her into arousal within seconds. 
"Damon", she called breathily. "We should get ready for the beach." 
"We will." Eventually. 
He swallowed her next argument in a fiery kiss that made her mind spin. 
"I will prove to you that those gadgets are not necessary.", Damon mumbled between kisses. "Once I'm done with you, you will immediately reject such gifts going forward." 
He said something about Talia not accepting any more presents from Mindy, but Talia didn't respond because her mind was clouded with arousal and her hands moved with urgency to unbutton his pants. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 281 - Heading To The Beach
When Talia and Damon descended to the main floor, they were welcomed by the clamor in the main hallway as the girls were getting ready to depart to the beach. 
Maya was in the center of the commotion with Meg, Kalina, Mindy, and Tatiana facing her and asking questions related to what to expect at the beach. 
Talia and Damon could hear from the top of the stair how Maya was reminding them that lunch will wait for them there and that they will also have beach towels, snacks, chilled drinks, bodyboards, balls, and snorkeling equipment. 
Talia was looking forward to what was coming, and she hoped that she will get to swim with Damon, and maybe play a game with a ball in the water. 
She once saw a group in the waist-deep water throwing a ball to each other, and she clearly remembered laughter and the good mood, and Talia always wanted to do that. 
Talia gazed at Damon and for the millionth time since coming to the Dark Howlers pack, Talia was grateful for all the opportunities Damon presented her with. She never thought that she can be this happy. 
Talia smiled at the thought of how she managed to put her red bikini on without showing it to Damon. She bought it that morning in the mall. Did Damon even know that she was wearing a swimsuit under her dress? What will be his reaction when he sees her in that bikini? Talia thought that it was too skimpy, but the girls assured her that the color suits her well and that Damon will go crazy when he sees her. Talia hoped that it will be good crazy and not crazy crazy. 
The ladies wore light summer wear and the thin strings that peeked around their necks were a giveaway that they are wearing swimsuits underneath clothes, and Talia was glad to see that her choice of clothes more-less matched what her girlfriends were wearing. 
But not only females were in the hallway. 
Maddox stood on the side and his expectant gaze was on Tatiana who was chatting with Kalina and other girls like he was not there. 
"See? We are on time.", Damon said to Talia. 
She knew that he was rubbing it in because after their lovemaking on the floor she wanted to get ready, but Damon carried her to bed for another round while saying that they won't be late for their beach outing. Well, he was right. They were not late, but she didn't want to acknowledge it. 
"What about the guys who went to train?" 
"Caden is with them, and they will join us at the beach when done. They are still training." 
Talia pretended not to notice that Damon was rubbing it in. 
She knew that the group in the training center included Axel because he went there after the girls returned from the mall. 
With that, everyone was accounted for. 
"The van is waiting outside!", Maya said in a raised voice, obviously excited. "Feel free to pick your seat. When everyone is in, we will leave…" 
Talia turned to Damon, silently asking him if that applies to them also, and he shook his head with, "We will take my car." 
Damon had no intention of squeezing into a vehicle with a bunch of women who are not Talia. 
Talia's eyes moved to Maddox whose expression dropped. It was obvious that Tatiana was planning to join the girls in the van. 
Talia knew that Tatiana was making things difficult for Maddox so he had to work for it, but he won't be able to do anything if she keeps her distance. 
No matter how much Maddox wanted to be with Tatiana, he is still an Alpha and it won't be good if he makes a fool of himself in front of others. 
Tatiana was pressuring Maddox, and Talia had a feeling that no one will like the outcome if the pressure is too much, and Maddox explodes. 
At the same time, Talia was confident that Tatiana wanted to be with Maddox, otherwise, she would reject him. 
Stirred by an unknown resolve, Talia slipped out of Damon's hold as she moved swiftly and grabbed Tatiana's elbow. 
Tatiana looked at Talia questionably, and Talia said, "How about you come with us in the car?" 
It was not really a question; it was more like a command and Tatiana looked at Talia in a daze for a moment before agreeing. 
"Alpha Maddox", Talia called in an official manner. "You should join us also." 
Maddox looked at Talia with sparkles in his eyes, and if he had a tail, it would be wagging. 
It seemed that out of everyone present, only Talia was willing to help him out. 
Damon and Axel spent hours giving him advice, but that didn't count because nothing useful came out of it, and others either didn't care or were sabotaging him. 
Suddenly, Maddox thought how Talia is a sensible person. Ah, if only his mate is so kind, they would have a nice conversation and figure out things, and he wouldn't need to suffer through the torture of guessing what Tatiana wants. 
Damon stared at Talia with renewed interest. Did he feel Talia's aura impacting Tatiana for a moment, or did he imagine it? 
Damon knew the feeling of Alphas forcing others to submit, but this was different. It was like Talia was the voice of reason that shattered Tatiana's defenses and made the latter think that was her idea, and the most surprising was that Talia did it naturally, without even trying. Fascinating. 
Seeing that Tatiana didn't go with the girls, but was standing there and waiting, Maddox smiled at Talia gratefully and he decided that he will repay this favor. Somehow. 
"Keep looking at her like that and you will be walking to the beach.", Damon growled. 
Talia poked Damon in the ribs with her finger and spoke in a hushed voice, "Stop talking like everyone wants to seduce me." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "Everyone wants to seduce you." 
"That's all in your head." 
Damon nodded earnestly. "My head is full of thoughts about seducing you." 
Talia stifled a giggle. Silly man. "You seduced me a long time ago." Actually, it was not a long time ago, but she couldn't remember the time when Damon was not part of her life. 
Damon leaned closer and his breath splashed on her ear, "And I will continue seducing you every day, kitten, for the rest of my life." 
Talia's insides shook. Somehow, his words sounded like a promise, and she liked it very much. 
Talia stared into Damon's endlessly blue eyes, and she smiled foolishly. That handsome male specimen was her mate, her other half, and he can seduce her anytime. She will welcome it. 
Maddox was not interested in being anywhere near Talia and Damon while they were lovey-dovey (which was most of the time), but he thought how Tatiana might lower her guard toward him when she sees a couple that is openly expressing their affections. 
He would allow Tatiana to poke his ribs as much as she wants, and then they would gaze into each other's eyes, and inch closer until they kiss, and then they will go upstairs and have sex (and lots of it!), and they would definitely skip on the whole beach idea. One can hope. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
When they reached the black armored Lexus SUV, Damon opened the door for Talia and helped her get in and buckle up. He stole a few kisses during that process and then he moved to sit in the driver's seat. 
Following his example, Maddox opened the door for Tatiana with, "Do you need help with the seatbelt?" 
Tatiana refused his offer. "I can manage." She knew that Maddox being so close might cause her will to crumble and give in easily. 
Tatiana was grateful that Maddox was too nervous to notice how conflicted she was. The attraction was driving her mad, and she wanted to rip his clothes off and ride him wildly, but she also wanted to teach him a lesson for what happened that morning. 
The delicious scent of coffee splashed on Tatiana when Maddox joined her in the backseat and she turned to look out of the window of the car in order to avoid staring at him. 
The car hummed and Damon smoothly navigated through the winding road. 
Talia's hand in Damon's fit perfectly with their fingers interlaced and Damon's thumb gently caressed the back of her palm, and their worlds were at peace. 
In the rearview mirror, Maddox could see Damon's blissful smile and he really wanted to have the same. 
Little by little, his right hand moved toward Tatiana's, and he silently prayed that she doesn't move her hand away. 
Tatiana jolted when Maddox's hand covered hers. She looked at him only to see him gazing through the window on the side with an oblivious expression like he had no idea what was going on. 
Tatiana's gaze moved to their connected hands. Her hand looked so small compared to Maddox's that gave her a feeling that it could hold the sky for her if needed, and it came with the warmth and the delicious sparks, and it felt so good that she closed her eyes and smiled a little. 
Maddox was delighted by Tatiana's reaction and his heart soared when Tatiana's hand moved, and her fingers curved to hold his. 
Holding hands. Maddox didn't remember if he ever held hands with a girl. It was such a simple intimacy, but he felt like he achieved something monumental. 
Maddox hoped that Damon will keep on driving a few circles around the Darkbourne and probably more, because he didn't want to let go of Tatiana's hand. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 282 - At The Beach (1)
Maya reached the crowded beach with Meg, Kalina, and Mindy, and she smiled when she saw that things were in order. 
Many bodies were present, on the beach and in the water, and one empty area in the middle stood out. It bordered the lake, it was nice and flat, and surrounded by "VIP" signposts that were placed strategically. 
Several Omegas were moving there, bringing the food and drinks. Maya mind-linked them as they were approaching the beach. 
The area was surrounded by warriors who wore swimwear in order to blend in with the crowd, but they had a task to keep our group safe. It's not that anything could happen with all the Alphas and high-ranking members, but if a crazed fan rushes in, the mood would be ruined. 
For the purpose of having lunch on the beach, picnic tables with massive umbrellas sticking from the middle were arranged so that everyone can get a seat and enjoy their meal in the shade. 
Omegas also had a task to make sure chilled beverages don't run out, and once lunch is over, they would clean it up and remove tables and chairs, leaving towels and umbrellas behind. 
A camper van parked nearby held all the necessities for Omegas to serve their Alpha and his guests. 
Maya was pleased that things were not delayed because Omegas who came here initially faced resistance when they urged people who were previously here to move. Why would they move? This was the best spot on the lake! 
The fight nearly broke out and Maya sent a group of warriors to help stabilize the situation. 
However, the rowdy bunch still felt wronged, and they eased up only when they heard that Alpha and his guests will be spending an afternoon at the lake. 
The news spread quickly, and the crowd was now lively, eagerly waiting to see their Alpha and his guests. 
This was more than just seeing celebrities or powerful individuals. Everyone who didn't find a mate was hoping to get closer because if one of those VIP guests is his (or her) mate, that's like a ticket to the life of rich and famous. 
Most of the Dark Howlers pack knew by now that Alpha Maddox and Mindy were here because they saw them in the Shifters nightclub on the previous night, but based on the seating arrangements, it seemed that more people will be joining. 
It was not unusual to see Damon among the pack members, but whenever he had guests, it was business-related and this looked like a purely social event. In addition to that, Damon would come to the lake only when it was part of training with soldiers, and this was definitely different. 
The excitement rose when Maya appeared, her presence announced that guests started arriving at the lake. Most of them knew Mindy and Kalina, but Meg was a new face. 
"Should we head to the towels first?", Kalina asked Maya. 
Maya's eyes lost focus for a moment, and then she responded, "Alpha Damon was right behind us and the guys from the training center will be here within a few minutes. We might as well start with appetizers." 
Four girls sat at one table that had fresh fruits and small pastries filled with vegetables, and they all looked toward the parking lot to see the black armored Lexus SUV pulling in with Alpha Damon at the driver's seat. 
Damon stopped the car and rushed to the other side to get the door for Talia, and Maddox was quick to follow Damon's example and get the door for Tatiana. 
Everyone at the beach was stealing glances at two couples, both arousing their interest. 
Maya, Mindy, Kalina, and Meg were separated from others, but with all four of them being werewolves, it was impossible not to hear what people were saying. 
[It seems that Alpha Damon is serious. They left the Shifters together last night, and look at them now…] 
[Did Alpha Maddox also decide to date a woman?] 
[Alpha Maddox was a free hunter last night at the shifters. I saw him leave with Kylie and Sandra.] 
[Ah, I was close when he picked them up and I regretted not standing a bit further to the right. Maybe tonight he picks me.] 
[The lack of closeness tells me he doesn't care about her. She is just a gold digger.] 
[Really? But I never saw Alpha Maddox so chummy with a woman.] 
[Mates can't keep their hands off each other. Once an Alpha finds his mate, they stay in the bedroom for days. This woman was not with him in the Shifters last night, so he picked her up today.] 
[I agree. As long as they are not mates, she is just like everyone else. Neither of those two has a mark on her neck. When did you see an Alpha who found his mate and didn't mark her right away?] 
'You don't think that Alpha Damon can hear you!?', Maya's angry shout blasted through the mind-link of the Dark Howlers pack, making murmurs stop abruptly. 
Kalina's face darkened as she could hear echoes of the chatter even after it stopped. 
Why did they assume her sister is a gold digger? So what if Alpha Maddox didn't mark Tatiana? 
Tony and Kalina also waited a full week and that didn't make them less mates than any other mated couple. 
Why can't people just be happy for them? It's none of their business! 
Kalina's indignation was fueled by the fact that people at the Lightclaw pack were talking smack about her behind her back. Kalina heard them more than once, and she was painfully aware that what she heard was just a fraction of the whole picture. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"It seems that your sister accepted Alpha Maddox.", Meg said to Kalina. 
All of them knew what happened that morning and that Tatiana was keeping her distance from Maddox. 
Kalina nodded in agreement with Meg's words, even though she was not sure how to interpret this. 
Tatiana was cool on the outside, but Kalina knew that her sister was angry. Why did she suddenly decide to go with Maddox in the car? And she even waited for Maddox to open the door for her and help her out. 
It's not that Kalina didn't want Tatiana to be with Maddox, but she knew that her sister doesn't let go of grudges easily, and what Alpha Maddox did that morning, definitely was grudge-worthy. 
Seeing that Kalina was silent, Mindy spoke, "The mate bond only points out who your soulmate is. Even without the mate bond, if mates spend time together, they will realize that they are perfect for each other." 
Kalina and Maya agreed with that, and Mindy continued, "No matter what Max did before he met Tanya, it won't change the fact that after they met, she became the center of his world. Resisting that pull would harm both of them. Only a foolish person would pick pride and reject the bond." 
Maya and Meg didn't talk much with Mindy, but Kalina knew very well Mindy's attitude toward the mates, especially when one of the two is an Alpha. 
"Did you change your opinion about the mate bond after your bother found his mate?", Kalina asked Mindy. 
Mindy pressed her lips into a line. Did she change her opinion? 
Probably not, but she realized that her actions hurt Maddox and she couldn't get the guilt off her chest. 
Maddox's disappointed gaze directed at Mindy made a lasting impression and she acknowledged that she was not the supportive sister she should be. 
Mindy remembered the time when she was looking at her brother in awe. She was following him everywhere, admiring his tenacity and fighting spirit. When did that admiration turn into envy? 
Was it because everyone praised Maddox's achievements while ignoring hers? 
Mindy was in her teens when she heard that no matter what she was doing, she will need to stop it if it doesn't align with what her mate wanted. 
How come her brother gets to keep everything and his Luna is an add-on, while Mindy's past gets voided as she gets the identity of a mate? 
Without realizing it, Mindy started hating that order, and she saw Maddox as part of it. 
Yes, everything she said was true, but Maddox is an amazing Alphas who works hard and who achieved a lot with his own efforts despite immense pressure that was put on him even before he became a teenager. 
Maddox was the future Alpha of the Blue River pack and everyone expected excellence from him, and he delivered or he kept on trying. 
Even before he became Alpha officially, Maddox went above and beyond to take care of his pack members. He trained hard and treated everyone equally. He put his life on the line many times, and he accepted anyone who came to him for help and protection. 
However, even though Maddox had many sides to him, one more amazing than the other, Mindy only spoke about his partying and philandering, portraying him as a lecherous Alpha who is abusing his power. 
How can she look him in the eyes and not feel guilty? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 283 - At The Beach (2) [Bonus ]
Talia's excitement mixed with anxiousness when she saw all the people on the beach, and most of them were looking toward the black armored Lexus SUV where she was sitting in the front passenger's seat. 
Talia remembered that Maya said how they won't be disturbed, so Talia never thought they will have all this audience. 
It was obvious that Maya arranged for them to have a piece of the beach only for themselves, but this was more like putting them at the center of attention. 
Damon opened the door for Talia and asked, "Are you alright?" 
Talia gave him a stiff smile. Of course, Damon could sense her emotions, and based on her personality, he had a good guess about what was bothering her. If Talia said that others should leave, Damon will probably do it, but she didn't want to be the bully. The lake and the beach belong to the whole pack. 
"Yeah. Fine.", she responded choppily. 
He leaned closer and his breath splashed on her cheek, "It's OK, kitten. I am right by your side no one will bother you." 
"Everyone is watching." She tried inching away, but Damon continued leaning and maintaining that minuscule distance between them. 
"Everyone was watching last night also, and you dared to kiss me." He smirked. "Do it again." 
Talia fidgeted in her seat. Last night they were in the Shifters nightclub, and it was dark, and she got carried away by the mood and… "Maybe later." 
Damon chuckled and pecked her cheek. "You will get used to it." 
Talia was not sure about it. She loved every minute with Damon, but this attention made her feel like she had ants crawling under her skin. 
Talia released a slow breath and steeled her resolve. "Let's go." 
She didn't want to make a big deal out of her discomfort. If she can't push through this, then she wouldn't be worthy of being Damon's mate, and she would do anything to be with him. 
Talia took Damon's hand that he offered her, and they walked toward the beach. 
The more time Talia spent with Damon, the more she realized that they had one thing in common: they both grew up lonely. 
Talia was alone in the attic, while Damon was alone as an Alpha. 
She couldn't imagine the amount of pressure Damon endured with people watching his every step, scrutinizing and evaluating if he is a good Alpha. 
Talia hoped that Damon knew he was not alone anymore because she was right by his side, and she was not going anywhere. 
Damon paid attention to Talia's fluctuating emotions, and he was pleased to confirm that Talia was overcoming her insecurities, and she did all that without her wolf. 
He admired her profusely. 
Most of the werewolves let their beast handle conflicts, and without their wolves, they are sorry existences, yet Talia was facing the world on her own. 
Damon was happily observing the changes in Talia as her wolf was waking up. 
Talia was using her powers subconsciously like they were part of her from the beginning. 
Damon confirmed that Talia's aura can suppress others on the level of an Alpha, maybe stronger. Talia healed him, delivered punches without touching opponents, influenced someone's mind, and Damon was wondering how strong she will become once she intentionally collaborates with her wolf. 
Sure, the old girl (aka Talia's wolf) might give him some hard time, but Damon was used to facing challenges and he was confident that Talia's wolf won't reject him no matter how grumpy she might be because wolves cherish the mate bond above everything. Besides, Damon's wolf will handle Talia's. Hopefully. 
While thinking about wolves, Damon realized that he could feel the presence of his wolf for more than a day, but the old guy didn't say anything, so Damon called, 'Are you there?' 
'I'm here', his wolf responded. 
'Why are you silent?' 
'I didn't want to interrupt your time with mate. Besides, you are doing well without me', Damon's wolf said, and Damon could feel that his wolf was happy. The old guy was enjoying the show. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Caden was driving a car with Tony in the front passenger's seat and Paul and Nate in the back. A second car was following them with Greg, Axel, Kai, and Tyler. 
Those eight individuals were on their way to the beach after training. 
The newcomers checked the training grounds, went over the schedule with Caden who introduced them to two generals who will help them train (aka Adam and Imre), and then they did a round of sparring. 
"Don't be disheartened.", Caden said to Tony, breaking the stifling silence in the car. "It's only the first day. You came here to learn and improve." 
"Of course", Tony responded stiffly, unable to conceal his displeasure. 
Actually, Tony was not sure if he could look Caden in the eyes. He was embarrassed and his motivation was crushed. Can he even be an Alpha? He really wanted to snuggle with Kalina and not come out of seclusion until they are old. After the pitiful performance they displayed, Tony was confident that there are many candidates who are more capable than he was to take over the Lightclaw pack. 
This morning was a complete failure. 
What happened? 
After they met Adam and Imre, Caden suggested a round of sparring so that they can gauge their abilities in fighting. 
They drew lots to establish pairings, and there were four simple no-no rules: no deadly moves, no weapons, no shifting into wolf form, no using aura. 
Tony was concerned about the no-aura rule because he would use it to suppress whoever wanted to give him trouble. 
Without his Alpha Aura, Tony knew that he will need to rely on his speed, strength, and skill. He never trained seriously, so he was not confident in his skills, but his speed and strength are enviable, and he hoped it will be enough to compensate for his shortcomings. 
Seeing that big-shots were preparing to spar, about a dozen of warriors who were in the area approached to observe matches, and more were trickling in by the second. 
What Tony didn't expect was he and his three guys (Paul, Nate, and Greg) will be totally wiped out. 
Paul went first, with Imre as his opponent, and Paul went down after about a dozen exchanges. To Tony's shock, it was obvious that Imre went easy on Paul. 
Greg sparred with Kai, and Nate with Tyler. 
Both Greg and Nate were pinned on the floormat in less than thirty seconds without a chance to land a solid blow to their opponents. 
Axel sparred with Adam in a drawn-out fight that lasted nearly half an hour where both of them showed excellent stamina and skills. They stopped without clearly deciding on a victor and settling with a tie as an outcome, both pleased about the quality of the fight. Based on the cheers from the audience, the show was to their liking. 
Next, Tony faced Caden who toyed with Tony like he was facing a child, at least that's how Tony saw it. For more than five minutes, Caden would avoid or block Tony's attacks with ease, without even attempting to counterattack. 
Fueled by the embarrassment of being so helpless, Tony released his Alpha Aura. 
"You lose by default.", Caden said to Tony before reminding him, "Aura is not allowed in friendly spars. It kills the purpose of comparing strength and skills if you subdue me with other means." 
Tony quickly retracted his aura and apologized, but what truly shocked Tony was that Caden was only slightly affected by it. What kind of monsters are in this pack? 
And it was not only the Dark Howlers pack, but Axel, Kai, and Tyler were also impressive. Sure, Axel is the future Alpha, but Kai and Tyler are just Beta and Gamma, and they don't even look so muscular, do they need to be so overpowering? 
Tony wondered if these guys are exceptions, or if he and his group were so miserable. 
Tony wished that Meg didn't go shopping. Other than being the smartest person Tony ever met, Meg is the fastest and the most skilled fighter in their group, and he was confident that Meg would be able to put up a solid fight against one of Damon's generals. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 284 - At The Beach (3)
A wave of excited murmurs swelled at the beach when two cars pulled onto the parking lot and eight impressive guys emerged. 
Caden and Axel were well-known figures, Tony, Kai, and Tyler came next when ranked by popularity. Only a few recognized Paul, Nate, and Greg, but since they came with Caden and Axel, it was obvious that they were important. 
Maddox and Tatiana were with Damon and Talia at the table. 
Maddox was absolutely focused on Tatiana as they were playing some type of hot-cold game. Maddox was trying to get closer to Tatiana by putting food on her plate, offering to pass her drinks and fruits, and 'accidentally' touching her hand, and whenever he crossed some invisible barrier, Tatiana would give him a sour look which made him retreat a bit. 
It was obvious that Tatiana enjoyed seeing this prideful man bending and twisting to please her, and Talia hoped that Tatiana won't push it too far. Luckily, Kalina, Meg, Maya, and Mindy were busy with their chatter, like nothing unusual was happening at the neighboring table. 
Mindy was secretly paying attention to Maddox and Tatiana. She wanted to talk to Maddox and to tell him that she was sorry and that she will do better, but she didn't want to interrupt them. Maddox seemed to have a hard time with Tatiana and Mindy feared that by going there she will only make things worse. 
Damon acted like he didn't notice Maddox's predicament. In private, Damon was eager to tease Maddox, but now they were in a public place, and Damon didn't want to make Maddox's situation more difficult than it is. Damon couldn't help Maddox, so the best thing was to not pay attention to them. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
When excited murmurs surrounded them, Damon glanced in the direction of the parking lot to see what caused the commotion, and when he confirmed that it was just the group with Caden, Damon continued focusing on food. 
Damon wanted to feed Talia, but she told him how that's not necessary. With so many eyes on them, she didn't want to be served by Damon. They compromised by Talia allowing Damon to fill her plate with food, and she ate herself, but the sneaky devil would still manage to stuff food in her mouth with, "You got to try this…", like every next pastry was better than the previous one. 
Talia knew what he was doing, and she could only resign herself to her fate. Damon was a doting mate, regardless of who was watching, and she loved every minute of it. He was cheeky and sweet and caring, and she couldn't be happier. 
Talia had a mouthful of pastry that came with spinach and feta cheese, when her attention fell on the table where Maya, Mindy, Meg, and Kalina were. Talia nudged Damon with her elbow and Damon immediately understood what got Talia's attention. 
The previously noisy table was now silent, and everyone looked at Meg who was standing and staring without blinking in the direction of the parking lot, and her expression was lit up like she saw the of her greatest desires. 
That could mean only one thing. 
Mate. 
There was only one question: who is it? 
They all turned to look at the parking lot and it didn't take much to see which of the guys was frozen and staring back at Meg. It was Kai. 
Talia excitedly squeezed Damon's hand. 
From her short interactions with Meg and Kai, Talia liked them both and she was really happy for them. 
The girls told Talia that witnessing the moment mates recognize each other is unique and special and rare, yet this was the second time in the same day! And it was barely midday! 
Meg and Kai didn't break eye contact as they moved toward each other until their bodies nearly touched, and it seemed that the whole beach turned silent. 
"Kai", he said, and she immediately followed with, "Meg." 
Their lips lifted into smiles that were identical, creating an image like they were looking into a mirror. 
It was fascinating to see two people who just met act like they knew each other forever. Soulmates. 
Kai reached to hold Meg's hand and they both jolted upon contact. The sparks of their bond surprised them, and Meg giggled before grabbing Kai's hand and their fingers interlaced. 
Axel released a short high-pitched whistle, and without looking that way, Kai raised his free hand and grabbed a small flying that was on the path to collide with his shoulder. Car keys. 
No words were spoken as Kai moved toward the parking lot and Meg followed while holding onto Kai's hand with both of hers, like she was afraid that he will slip away. 
Talia was a bit disappointed that she didn't get to see the rest, but she also knew that the couple was looking for privacy because the rest will be X-rated. 
Talia saw that Axel and Tyler followed the departing car with satisfying smiles on their faces. 
Axel's Beta found his mate, which means that Meg will be a high-ranking member of the Midnight Guardians pack, the most mysterious pack among werewolves! 
Talia remembered that members of the Midnight Guardians pack are saving themselves for their mates, and considering the electricity between Meg and Kai, it was obvious they will have sex. 
Talia's cheeks flushed at the thought that it will be Kai's first time, and she thought how Meg is a lucky girl because she won't need to worry about Kai's exes. 
With the newly mated couple gone, the excited chatter filled the space and Talia noticed one sullen face. It was Tony. 
"What's up with Tony?", Talia asked Damon softly, only for Damon to hear. 
Damon thought for a moment before responding, "Tony hoped that Meg will be his Beta. Considering the identity of her mate, she will not stay at the Lightclaw pack, so he can forget about it." 
Talia nodded in understanding. Tony lost a person he thought he can rely on, however… "Tony and Meg are friends. He should be happy for her." 
"He will be. Once he gets out of the self-pity." 
"Hmm?", Talia hummed questionably. It was one thing to be sad for losing an important person, but Damon's words sounded like there was more to it. 
Damon smiled at the little woman who was so eager to find out what was going on that she leaned on him completely, forgetting that they have an audience. Damon welcomed Talia's proximity by adjusting his position so that she was more comfortable, and he rubbed her shoulder gently with his hand. 
Damon planted a small kiss on her temple and spoke in a low voice, "Their training went as I expected, and Tony faced the reality where he is not the mighty Alpha he believed to be." Damon knew this because Caden was mind-linking him as the training progressed. "Our bloodline gives us potential, but we need to work hard, or it will be useless…" 
Talia listened attentively to Damon explaining how for werewolves, the human mind and body need to be strong and healthy for the wolf-part to show its full potential, and she connected that with her situation. After she came to the Dark Howlers pack, with proper food, rest, and care, her wolf started waking up. 
Damon mentioned how every Alpha starts rigorous training from their early teens that is not limited only to fighting. A good Alpha needs to know how to manage a pack, deal with foes, establish alliances, and do many other things that are usually done outside the public eye. 
Damon ended with, "Alpha Magnus didn't want to have competition, so he neglected to raise Tony as his successor which resulted in Tony being no better than an average Beta. Tony has a long way to go if he wants to stand on equal footing with Alphas of other packs. He never doubted his father and he gave in to a leisured lifestyle. Today was an eye-opener for Tony and it's up to him if this will crush him or he will rise to the challenge. If he takes over the Lightclaw pack as he is now, other Alphas will eat him alive and I won't help him." 
Talia's brows came together in concern. "You won't?" 
"I can help him once or twice but I won't be there all the time, and I can't fight his battles for him. Unless he can stand on his own confidently, my protection will only delay the inevitable." 
"Tony's father didn't prepare him, and Tony allowed it to happen.", Talia summarized and Damon confirmed. Talia's eyes lit up. "But it's not all bad. Luckily, Tony has you to help him become a great Alpha to his pack." 
Damon opened his mouth and then closed it. He wanted to say how this training was only a one-time thing, and considering Tony's weak body and mind, this week will only create a dent in the overall amount of work needed. Damon had no intention of taking Tony under his wing. Damon agreed to train Tony for the purpose of improving the relationship between the packs, with the goal to show Tony the ropes and the rest will be up to Tony. 
However, Talia's confidence in Damon's abilities combined with her gaze full of admiration made Damon unable to say anything else other than, "I will do my best." 
"I know you will.", Talia responded with a smile that made Damon's heart skip a beat. 
He inched closer and pecked her lips once, twice, and then he put a pastry in her mouth because if they continued kissing he might lose control and do something that's not appropriate for the current setting. 
>>> 
Author's note: Check in the comments pic of Kai and Meg! 
>>> 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 285 - At The Beach (4)
Since Meg left with Kai, Tony sat next to Kalina, on the spot where Meg used to sit. 
"How was the training?", Mindy asked Tony to what Tony groaned. 
"Could have been better?", Kalina could feel Tony's foul mood behind that crooked smile. 
"It could have been better.", Tony admitted. "My body took a beating, but what's really bruised is my ego. I knew it was bad, but I never imagined it's this bad." 
Kalina put her hand on Tony's and gave him a squeeze. "Bruises will heal, and you will do better next time." 
Tony couldn't stop himself from smiling at Kalina's encouragement. "What would I do without you?" 
Kalina hummed ambiguously and leaned into Tony's embrace. "How about I join you for the next training?" 
Tony wanted Kalina with him, but he didn't want her to see him as a failure. "Let's talk about it later." 
Tony really liked the way Kalina looked at him, like he was the most amazing man in the world, and he feared that might change if she sees his pitiful performance. If they didn't establish a solid schedule for the whole week, Tony would probably look for ways to avoid what's coming in the next days. 
Paul, Greg, Nate, Caden, Axel, and Tyler also found seats. 
The foldable tables could accommodate four people each, but they were placed so close that big umbrellas above were touching to give uninterrupted shade, so it looked like they were all together. 
With everyone present, Omegas started bringing already plated dishes for everyone. Dawn, Zina, Ivy, and Lily were among the servers. 
Dawn and Zina couldn't stop throwing glances at Talia and Damon. 
Now that they knew Talia is their future Luna, two Omegas were bursting from the desire to tell everyone how Talia is important and they saw her first and they are friends and they even went drinking together! But Talia told them that it should be kept low-key for now, so Dawn and Zina suppressed those urges. 
Talia felt awkward to have her friends work while she sits, but everyone else was acting normally, so she reminded herself to go with the flow. 
If she grew up in a normal environment, Talia would know that friendships don't count when it comes to performing duties within a pack. Everyone has a role, and only by sticking to it, their pack can function and prosper. 
Omegas were used to serving high-ranking members and doing menial jobs. Actually, they saw it as their way to contribute. 
In this case, as a bonus, Omegas were getting unobstructed access to the VIP area while others get to watch, and after their work was done, others would swarm them with the hope to hear some juicy gossip. It made them feel important. 
But the best benefit for today was that once they clean up after lunch, for the rest of the afternoon, they only needed to ensure there is a steady stream of chilled beverages and snacks which means there will be plenty of time for them to enjoy this slice of VIP heaven. 
Dawn and Zina asked Talia if it will be OK for them to take a swim and relax on the beach during breaks, and when Talia confirmed, Dawn and Zina were delighted. Of course, they will stay on the side and not intrude on the activities of the VIP guests, but the fact that they can linger in that area was a big deal. 
Working in the packhouse came with many perks, like eating special food and overhearing what high-ranking members of the pack are up to. Even without eavesdropping, Dawn and Zina knew when their Alpha is entertaining guests, who is visiting, and when he is away. However, this was in the open for everyone to see, so Dawn, Zina, and other Omegas served food with their chins raised high, like they were doing something really-really important. 
Ivy and Lily never had a chance to experience these perks. Alpha Magnus and Luna Alicia are very strict about everyone staying in their lane. For Ivy and Lily, the idea of relaxing in the VIP area after the cleanup was something they were looking forward to with excitement. 
Talia looked at the simple yet light dishes, perfect for the beach. There was soup, salad, rice with steamed vegetables, fish, and ice cream for dessert that was garnished with fresh fruits. 
"Should we send food for Meg and Kai?", Talia asked Damon. 
Damon's lips lifted into a wicked smile. "Trust me, the last thing on their minds is lunch." 
Talia knew he was implying naughty things and her cheeks got a rosy tint, but her gaze didn't waver. "You could have said that it's not necessary." 
Damon chuckled. "Isn't that what I said?" 
Talia pouted. He knew very well what she meant! "It's impossible to talk to you seriously." 
"Then, don't talk. You can always…" 
Damon's next words were interrupted by Talia's kiss. 
It was just a peck on the lips, but it was enough for Damon's eyebrows to shoot up in surprise. 
He was quick to pull her closer and return that kiss with interest. His kitten was getting bolder by the day, and he had no intention to pass on the opportunity to get a taste of her. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the crowd on the beach… 
Lisa was sitting on a towel and looking at the VIP area with a sour expression while ignoring five young women who were in a group with her. 
Those five young women were Lisa's friends who would hang out whenever Lisa visited the Dark Howlers pack in the past, but now that Tony found his mate and abandoned Lisa, Lisa didn't want to mingle with anyone. Her old friends reminded Lisa that she is a used shoe left by the side of the road, and Lisa hoped that no one will recognize her. 
So, how did Lisa end up with them? 
Lisa left the apartment after telling her mother a lie that she will meet up with her friends. On her way to the beach, Lisa bumped into Ester and four more girls, and Lisa couldn't avoid them with another lie because she had a beach towel over her shoulder, just how Ester and four other girls had. Well, the good part was that Lisa really ended up with her friends, so she technically didn't lie to her mother. 
And here was Lisa, on the beach, with five other girls who knew that Lisa used to date Tony and that Kalina is now in the place that Lisa used to hold. 
Tony wouldn't take Lisa to official functions, but when it was just hanging out with friends, Lisa would accompany him. Lisa had many selfies as proof of such occasions, and she posted them on her social media account. 
"Are you still thinking about Anthony from the Lightclaw pack?", a female voice reached Lisa. It was Ester. "He is the future Alpha, and she is his mate. By looking at them, you are only torturing yourself, Lisa. Or are you planning for more than looking? Unless you strap a bomb to yourself and jump in there, you won't be able to touch them with all the security." 
That got Lisa's attention. "Security?" 
Ester gestured with her chin toward the VIP area. "Most of the guys surrounding that area are warriors. If you try to get close without permission, they will block you." 
Lisa pressed her lips into a line, unsure how to respond. What should she say? That she came here to confront Tony? 
They dated for years and then Tony found his mate and acted like Lisa never existed. Even now he was huddled with Kalina at the table and talking to others. He used to say that his sense of smell was superb, how come he couldn't pick up Lisa's scent? Lisa wondered if Tony was ignoring her on purpose or if he was really not aware of how close she was. 
What was Lisa hoping to achieve? She was not sure herself, but she knew that she couldn't leave it at this. She needed some kind of closure. Tony should give her comfort, compensation, or at least an explanation. Tony was her everything and they had plans, and then he moved on easily, leaving Lisa on her own to be ridiculed by everyone. 
If her so-called friends knew what was on Lisa's mind, they would probably think that she was crazy, but Lisa was confident that by being patient, she will get her chance to approach Tony. 
Lisa dejectedly observed the whole VIP area that was only a few steps away, yet it seemed like miles were separating them. 
Lisa's mood was fluctuating from bad to worse. 
She saw that Maya arrived first with Kalina, Meg, and Mindy. Omegas welcomed them like they were royalty. 
Lisa also saw that Damon, Talia, Maddox, and Tatiana made appearances that stirred the crowd. How can two nobodies accompany Alphas, yet Lisa was ignored? 
Next, Lisa saw Caden arriving with Tony and four other guys, and it turned out that Meg… a plain Jane from the Lightclaw pack found her mate who is actually the future Beta of the Midnight Guardians pack! 
Maybe others didn't know who Meg is, but Lisa spent years in the Lightclaw pack, and she knew very well four faces that came with Tony and Kalina. 
Watching all this from the sidelines made Lisa's insides churn painfully. 
Tony and Kalina were whispering something, Maddox was hovering around Tatiana, Damon was lovey-dovey with Talia, other people were cheery and ate with smiles on their faces… and what about Lisa? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 286 - Meg And Kai (1)
In the packhouse… 
Meg followed Kai into his room. He gestured toward the sofa, and she understood that she should sit there. 
Meg thought that Kai will join her, but he raised his index finger, indicating to her to wait before dashing into the bathroom. 
A second later, Meg heard the water running in the sink and she wondered what Kai was doing. She didn't see that he was dirty in any way, but then… maybe she missed it. 
Kai was splashing cold water on his face in an attempt to compose himself. 
While they walked, Kai was leading the way, maintaining a slight distance so that he is in front, not because he wanted to silently show who among the two of them will be in charge, but because he didn't want Meg to see his hard-on stretching his shorts. The arousal was maddening. 
From a young age, every member of the Midnight Guardians pack learns meditation and various breathing techniques in order to control their lustful nature, and Kai was one of the best in managing his urges. 
All those years of practice went down the drain from the moment he picked up the delicious scent of honey and connected it with the dark-haired beauty that was the owner of ravishing lips and big brown eyes. Meg was wearing a dress that didn't conceal her toned body with curves in all the right places, and when they touched, the sparks of their bond sent electric pulses straight into his groin area, and the only thing on Kai's mind was to eat up the exotic beauty that was holding his hand. 
However, before he gives in to his instincts, they needed to talk. He can't just pounce on Meg like a horny teenager. 
He waited for this moment twenty-one years, three months, and seven days (yeah, he was counting), so he should be able to hold back for a bit more. 
Kai focused mightily on the task at hand, but the fact that Meg's image flashed in front of his closed eyes didn't help. 
What did the Elders say? There are rules he needs to follow in case his mate is not from the Midnight Guardians pack. He needs to clarify a few things in order to avoid potential misunderstandings in the future. 
Should he kiss her first? For how long? With or without the tongue? What about fondling? Yes, yes… fondling is important to set the mood. 
No! They need to talk first. 
Who can focus on talking? Meg was right there, on the sofa, waiting, and she wouldn't come with him if she was not willing. 
What was he supposed to say? 
Maybe he can touch her a little. He really wanted to arrange kisses all over her body and to explore her thoroughly. Will she allow him to do that? 
Kai raised his arm and sniffed under his armpit. He showered after training, but what if that was not enough? He didn't want Meg to think of him as a stinky guy. Hygiene is important! 
Kai knew that they need to talk about important matters, but all his blood pooled into his groin area and the arousal was rendering him unable to think. Ah, this will be a disaster! 
'Get a grip, Kai!', he encouraged himself while splashing more cold water on his face. 
In the bedroom... 
Meg had no idea that her trip to the Dark Howlers pack will take this turn. 
She came here on Tony's request to train. 
Tony mentioned that he wants Meg to be his Beta, but Meg was not sure about it. It's not that Meg would shy from responsibilities; her grandfather was a Beta, and he would be super-proud to know that she will follow in his footsteps, and she was genuinely flattered by the offer, but Meg grew up in the Lightclaw pack and she knew that females don't hold important positions. And this was not just because of Alpha Magnus; other high-ranking members and Elders were of the same belief. 
Meg didn't think it will work out the way Tony thought. 
However, Tony asked her to come and give her best, and he promised that they will deal with any challenges as they come, so she agreed for the sake of their friendship even though she knew that Tony never stood up to his father. 
She was confident that this story will end with Paul being Tony's Beta because Paul's father is the current Beta, but Meg didn't want to go into that discussion with Tony. She didn't have the right to meddle in the high-ranking structure of the Lightclaw pack. 
Meg decided to treat this as a vacation, a unique opportunity to come to the Dark Howlers pack and stay in the packhouse, like she was someone important. That's why she didn't care much about training, and she was delighted when Talia invited her to go shopping with the girls. Meg really had fun. And then… she found her mate! This vacation-thing was getting better by the minute! 
Meg closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Everything smelled of peaches, just like Kai. When he looked at her, Meg could see her reflection in his dark eyes, and she was ready to stay there forever. 
Kai was taller than Meg by half a head, handsome, and confidence oozed from him. He was the mate from her dreams and Meg couldn't wait for the rest of her life with him. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Meg jolted at the sound of Kai clearing his throat and she wondered why his hair was wet. Surely, the sound of water came from the sink. Did he put his head in there? 
Now that Kai was standing there and not moving, Meg got a chance to take a good look at Kai's impressive physique that was not hidden with his t-shirt and shorts, and she really wanted to put her hands under that fabric and explore the landscape his muscles are forming. 
That delicious-looking hunk was her mate, hers and hers only, from now until forever. 
Meg swallowed hard at the sight of Kai's dark eyes directed at her. His damp hair was slightly messy with a few strands falling over his forehead, making him devilishly handsome and Meg pressed her legs together, suddenly aware of her appearance. 
Was her dress too casual? If she knew that she will meet her mate, Meg would put some makeup on and fix her hair. What if he doesn't approve? 
Kai stood at the door of the bathroom with hands in the pockets of his shorts and stared at Meg as possessed. She was beyond beautiful. His hands down there had the role of concealing his hard-on and he hoped that Meg didn't notice. She was observing him intently and he never saw a woman more alluring in his life. Everything about her was amazing. 
Meg was not sure what to expect. She came to Kai's room with privacy on her mind, and she thought that they will explode into kissing, caressing, and wild lovemaking and this… just what was this? 
Was he waiting for her to make a move? Probably. 
Meg moved to the side of the sofa and patted the spot next to her. "Will you join me here?" 
Without a word, Kai walked to her stiffly and only after he sat, he got his hands out of his pockets. 
Meg really wanted to feel the addictive sparks again and she reached to hold his hand. 
"We should talk.", Kai said while jerking his hand away. 
Meg had no problems with that. "Sure. What do you want to talk about?" 
She ignored Kai's weak attempt to avoid her hand and he closed his eyes when their hands touched. 
Meg noticed that he was stiff. "Is this bothering you?" She was talking about their hands. 
He wanted to hold much more than just her hand. "It's difficult to focus." 
Meg smiled. "I know. But it feels good. Right?" 
It felt amazing, and that's why it was difficult to focus, but he couldn't make himself to pry his hand out of her hold. Ah, this will be difficult! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 287 - Meg And Kai (2) [Bonus ]
Meg was holding Kai's hand, and the delicious sparks danced through Kai's system, making it difficult to think about anything other than the raging hard-on in his shorts. 
Kai focused mightily on what he needed to talk about, and he asked, "Tell me about your family." 
Meg was surprised by this question. "My family?" When Kai nodded, she thought for a moment before responding, "I have a mother, a father, and a younger brother. They are all at the Lightclaw pack." 
"Are you close to them?" 
"Yes. We are a tight unit.", Meg responded, and a smile sneaked at the corner of her lips as she thought about her parents and brother. 
Meg's mother is a strong woman with a Beta bloodline who moved to the Lightclaw pack after she found her mate (aka Meg's father). 
Meg grew up under her mother's constant reminders that she shouldn't stand out too much and she shouldn't be better than the boys because that could backfire in a patriarchal pack like the Lightclaw pack. 
"If you show that you are stronger or faster, that will hurt their egos and they might decide to teach you a lesson.", Meg still remembers her mother's lessons. "No matter how many of them you can win against in a one-on-one fight, can you win against five opponents if they attack you at the same time?" 
Thinking back about her childhood, Meg was dejected. She was obviously much better than many of her peers, why should she hold back? Most of the time she would keep a low profile, but once in a while she would lose her cool and beat up a boy, or win in a sports competition at school. 
Most of the time, others thought that Meg's performance was a fluke. And on a few occasions when someone challenged her to a showdown, her mother would appear and drag Meg out of it. 
More than once, Meg asked her mother why they don't move somewhere else, and Meg's mom explained how there are places worse than the Lightclaw pack, and that the most important thing was that their family was safe. 
Meg's father is a warrior and he trained Meg and her brother while encouraging them to improve because regardless of where they end up, their skills will be theirs to keep. 
Now Meg reached the point in her life where she found out who her mate is and her future will be tied to the Midnight Guardians pack. Unfortunately, she didn't know anything about that pack other than they are mysterious because that pack is… well… mysterious. 
"I assume there is a reason why you want to know about my family.", Meg said. 
"You should know that I'm from the Midnight Guardians pack. We don't mingle with outsiders." 
Meg's brows came together in confusion as worry bubbled inside her. "What do you mean?" 
"As my mate, you will come with me. Your family can't come." 
Meg stared at Kai for a few endless seconds while processing his words. "But I can go and visit them. Right?" 
Instead of giving a simple answer, Kai asked, "How often do you see members of the Midnight Guardians pack?" 
Meg remembered that the Midnight Guardians pack is labeled as mysterious because no one knows exactly where it is or how many members they have. 
"Are you saying that I won't be able to see my family?", Meg asked. 
Kai shook his head. "It's not never, but it will be challenging." Seeing that Meg's frown was deepening, Kai added, "There is a reason why we keep to ourselves, and once you join my pack, you will understand." 
The only thing Meg understood was that she won't be able to see her family as often as she wanted. She didn't like the idea of her freedom being restricted. 
Meg thought about Kai's words. It sounded bad, but in the society of werewolves, it was normal for mates to stick together, and a girl to accept her mate's pack as hers. Unless the girl's status is much higher than the guy's, she will need to adapt to whatever he is doing. 
Another round of worry bubbled within Meg. Was Kai being nice by giving her heads-up, or was there something else behind his words? Was he reminding her how the Midnight Guardians pack is special, and she doesn't qualify? 
"Are you telling me that I should be submissive? Or are you hoping to scare me into rejecting you?" 
Kai sucked in a sharp breath. "No, no. I mean…" He pinched the roof of his nose. He thought that he said what Elders instructed him. How did she interpret that wrongly? 
For Kai and other members of his pack, finding a mate is more than just the end of their single life. They are saving themselves for their mate because that's the only way to unlock their dormant potential, and since Kai was a Beta, that was important. 
Kai looked at Meg with a complex expression while wondering how her mind is working. What made her think about submission and rejection? Of course, Kai didn't know that Meg immediately assumed the worst because in the Lightclaw pack females are not part of the decision-making process and they do as they were told. 
But he couldn't tell her how much it means to him to find his mate, not until she officially becomes a member of the Midnight Guardians pack. And there was also the point that once he marks her and injects her with his venom, Meg might awaken some ability as well. 
"Coming to the Midnight Guardians pack will be a huge change for you. My father is the current Beta, and I am going to take over that role once he retires. Other than training and handling some tasks within the pack, I am accompanying Axel when he travels. We don't practice staying away from our mates, and that means you will need to come with me." 
Kai cupped Meg's cheek with his palm and continued, "You have no idea how happy I am that I found you." And horny also. "I didn't want us to seal our bond with marking without you understanding what's coming. That's all." 
The knots in Meg's stomach loosened as Kai's words dispelled her insecurities. She leaned into his palm and smiled. "Thank you for telling me." 
Kai licked his lips nervously. "So… are you OK with that?" There was much more, but he couldn't tell her. Not yet. 
"Honestly…", Meg paused and rubbed her cheek against his palm. His scent, his touch, his warmth, the sparks… everything was rewiring her brain and she was confident that he can smell her arousal. "Even if you tell me that your pack requires regular blood sacrifice, I will agree to it." 
It was crazy as they just met, but every fiber of her being was telling her that her future was with Kai. 
A deep chuckle formed in his chest. "Does that mean you are OK with accepting the Midnight Guardians pack and our rules of isolation?" 
"On one condition." 
Kai was alerted. "What is it?" 
"I want us to meet my family so that I can explain the situation, introduce you, and… say goodbye." 
Kai felt a big burden falling off his chest. "We can do that." 
Kai heard stories of mates not willing to leave their pack in exchange for living in seclusion, and he was relieved that Meg was so easy to get along with. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Their eyes met, and the carefree atmosphere changed in an instant. 
They were in Kai's room, and as newly-found mates, both of them knew why they came here. Their bond was solidifying by the second and urging them to get closer… much closer than they were. 
Meg's heart was beating in her ears, and she was confident that Kai can hear it. 
"Kai…", Meg called breathily. 
"Yes?" 
"I think this is the part where we kiss." 
Kai's pupils dilated and his ears turned red. It's happening! 
They were sitting on the same sofa, holding hands, and Meg was staring at him, so of course, she noticed. 
"Kai?" 
He swallowed hard. "Yes?" His voice came out a bit squeaky. 
"Did you ever kiss a girl?" 
Kai's whole face exploded in a blush and Meg's eyes widened in realization. He didn't! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 288 - Meg And Kai (3)
Meg heard the rumor that members of the Midnight Guardians pack are saving themselves for their mates, but she didn't think that included kissing also. 
At the sight of his flustered expression, it was obvious that he never kissed a girl. Isn't he the best? 
Kai was handsome, powerful, smart, kind, and untouched by a woman. If she ever pictured the man from her dreams, he would still fall short compared to Kai who smelled of peaches, the sweetest kind. 
Meg regretted not saving herself for him. It's not that Meg was changing partners often, but she had a few boyfriends, and… it didn't matter. But what if it matters to him? What if he hates her? She pushed those thoughts away. What was done was done and she looked at the handsome man in front of her who was blushing profusely, and she couldn't stop herself from saying, "You are mine, Kai." He really was. 
Kai wanted to say that she was his, but there was a big lump stuck in his throat and Meg was approaching him slowly and he sat there frozen without moving a muscle. 
"Relax, Kai…", Meg's honey-infused breath splashed on his lips as she leaned into him. "We are mates. No matter what you do, it can't be wrong." 
He didn't move as she pecked his lips once, twice… the electric charges jolted both of their brains, rewiring them in craving to embrace each other, and their arms moved in unison as Kai pulled Meg closer until her two soft mounds pressed against his firm pecs. 
This kissing thing… he liked it. 
Meg was obviously the more experienced one between the two of them, so Kai let her take the lead and she was pleased that Kai picked up what to do immediately. 
Their light pecks became longer as their lips moved in sensual dance that made their hairs stand on ends. Everything was amplified by the pull of their bond and those addictive sparks. 
Meg's tongue glided along the seam between Kai's lips and when their tongues connected, both of them inhaled sharply. 
There was an otherworldly mix of honey and peaches, that was unique to them, and within seconds they were inhaling each other's breaths. 
It was not Meg's first kiss, far from it. But she never sensed anything like this, and she knew that no other guy will ever come close to Kai. They were made for each other, and she loved the way his hand pressed on her waist. Even the smallest movements were just right, and she craved for more. 
"Kai…", Meg called between kisses. "Should we move to the bed?" 
Kai swallowed a mouthful of air and responded with a single sharp nod. Bed. Yes! Thousand times YES! 
His insides shook. It's happening! 
Meg stood up first and turned her back to him. 
Kai was disappointed that Meg was out of his embrace, and he swiftly stood up to follow her. His erection was sticking out and stretching his shorts, like a pointer that showed him which way to go, but he was too distracted to care about concealing it. 
He wanted to hold Meg's hand, but both of her hands gathered at her chest level, and he wondered what she was doing. Was she praying? Is she a religious person? All werewolves he met so far worship the Moon Goddess but what if Meg was different? 
One step away from the bed, Meg turned on her heel to face him, and Kai's eyes widened to the point of hurting at the sight of Meg's unbuttoned dress that revealed her chest all the way to her navel. 
She was not praying, but she was undoing her dress! Kai felt that his prayers were answered. 
He watched without breathing as Meg's dress slipped from her shoulders down her body until it bunched around her feet. 
With her dress on, Kai could see that Meg's body was impressive, but now that it was on a full display with only a dark brown bikini that looked like the most alluring lingerie, Kai realized that Meg's body is beyond beautiful. 
His palms became sweaty. Can he touch her? Won't he disturb that perfection if he touches her? 
Meg enjoyed Kai's flustered appearance. No one ever looked at her that way. 
His arousal was obvious, and his eyes stirred with admiration and passion, and she knew that he was nervous. Well, she was nervous as well, but it was his first time, so she assumed that he was in a worse state compared to her. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Meg wrapped her arms around Kai's neck and gave him a long lingering kiss, hoping that it will help him relax. 
The fact that he was so nervous told her this was important to him, and she was genuinely moved that he was gentle and taking it slow despite his arousal. 
She was in his room and willing, and most of the guys Meg knew would jump and go at it, but Kai showed otherworldly constraint and Meg admired him a lot for that. 
"Let me help you with this…", Meg said while untucking Kai's t-shirt from his shorts. 
She pulled the light fabric over his head, and Kai cooperated by lifting his arms. 
While flicking his t-shirt to the side, Meg took a step back and eyed his toned torso with appreciation. His muscles were densely packed, showing that he earned them through many years of hard training, and she couldn't wait to feel him out. 
Her palms landed on his pecs, and they snaked slowly lower, making sure not to miss a single muscle his impressive physique provided. 
The bulge that strained the shorts in his crotch area whispered in promises of impressive size and Meg eagerly hooked her thumbs on the waistband of his shorts. 
Kai thought that she will pull his shorts down, but Meg tugged him to move around her. He didn't resist. When the back of his legs touched the bed, Meg pulled his shorts down to the knee level, and then she put her palms on his pecks and pushed him down. 
Kai plopped on the soft mattress and when he raised his head, he saw Meg staring at his erection that was waving at her. How embarrassing. 
If he knew that Meg was appreciating his extraordinary length and girth, he would be more at ease, but he didn't know that, so he scrambled to conceal his cock with his palms as his insecurities kicked in. 
Meg was quick to grab his wrists and Kai wondered if she was that strong or if he turned weak. 
"We are mates", Meg said. "Let me see you. All of you." 
Kai released a short breath and relaxed his arms. 
Meg's lips lifted into a mischievous smile. She imagined many times how it will be when she finds her mate, but she never dreamed that she would end up being the hungry wolf, while her handsome mate is the scaredy rabbit. 
Of course, Meg knew that Kai was timid only because it was his first time. He is a werewolf, with a Beta bloodline, and their roles will be reversed once he gets a taste of meat. But until then, Meg wanted to take advantage of this situation. 
Kai was lying on the bed, with his legs bent for his feet to touch the floor, and Meg stood between his legs and taking in his naked form with hungry eyes. 
She really wanted to eat him up. 
Kai's eyes widened to the point of hurting as Meg placed her hot palms on his thighs and got on her knees in slow motion. 
He didn't breathe and his whole body jerked when her hot palm closed in on his shaft. 
Her face was moving closer to his cock and Kai wondered if there was a need for her to get that close. What was she doing? Was she really going to...? 
"Ah…", he gasped when she took him into her mouth. 
The sensation was moist and hot, and it came with sparks that jolted his nervous system repeatedly, and he couldn't believe that this was happening! 
Meg was sucking him off! And it was amazing! 
And just when he thought that it can't get any better, Meg raised her gaze and their eyes met. 
Her eyes burned with fire as her tongue ran magic circles around his cock that throbbed in need of more. 
Over the years, Kai used his hand to relieve himself many times, but how can that compare to what Meg was doing? 
Kai thought that he was floating, hovering above that mattress as the whole room spun. 
Meg reached for his balls and gave him a gentle squeeze, and that small action sent bolts of pleasure to every cell in his body. His ass buckled and the heaven and earth swapped places when he groaned and released his hot load into her mouth. 
Kai's orgasm washed over Meg and she moaned. Ah, she wanted a release also! 
Kai gasped for air while wondering if he lasted a minute. It felt like seconds, but he hoped it was longer. The story goes how a strong werewolf can go at it for hours, and this was definitely much less than that. Was she disappointed? 
He watched Meg as she licked him clean, making sure that not a single drop was wasted, and it didn't seem she was bothered by the fact he came so quickly. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 289 - Meg And Kai (4)
Meg laid next to Kai to observe his chest rising and falling rapidly as he breathed. 
Kai's blissful expression told her that Kai was still coming down from his high, and Meg took advantage of that time to take in his body in all its naked glory. 
The fact that his erection stood ramrod straight made her imagine all kinds of racy images, mostly with that shaft inside her. Her arousal swelled. 
Kai was staring at the ceiling while processing his mind-blowing experience, hoping that he will never forget the feeling of Meg's mouth and tongue, and the way she used those to suck him off. It was beyond amazing, and he wished it will repeat a million times over. 
He turned to look at the dark-haired beauty by his side. His mate. His everything. 
Meg smiled mischievously and smacked her lips. "Peaches." 
Kai didn't get it. "What?" 
"You smell and taste of peaches." 
"Do you like peaches?", Kai asked apprehensively. Was she telling him that she dislikes his taste? Does that mean what just happened won't happen again? He was still hard and ready! 
Meg smiled. "I love peaches. They are my favorite." Just like you. 
Kai released the breath he was holding. "What you did just now. It was amazing." 
"I'm glad I made you feel good." 
It was beyond good. 
Kai wanted to make her feel good also. 
He reached for her shoulder, and with tips of his fingers, he traced an invisible line from her shoulder, down her elbow, all the way to her wrist. 
That gentle touch made Meg shiver. 
"Honey", Kai murmured. 
"Hmm?", Meg hummed questionably. Did he just come up with an endearing nickname for her? 
"To me, you smell and taste of honey.", Kai explained. 
Meg was a bit disappointed. She would love it if he called her honey, but this was fine also. "Peaches and honey. We are a good combination." 
Meg noticed that his gaze was drifting toward her chest area, even though his hands behaved. She took his hand in hers and placed it over her right breast. 
Kai sucked in a sharp breath and looked at her with uncertainty. 
Meg gave him an encouraging smile. 
"I know you want me." Look at that gorgeous hard-on right there! "I heard that in your pack you practice control until you find your mate. I am your mate, there is no need to hold back. If anything bothers me, I will tell you and I hope you will do the same." 
Kai appreciated that Meg didn't ridicule him. It was that unconditional acceptance only a mate can provide. 
He wanted to thank her, but he thought that it will be too formal and too cheesy for their current situation. Besides, he will show his gratitude by doing what she asked. 
Kai licked his lips nervously and moved to lay on his side. 
Normally, nudity didn't bother him. Kai shifted into his wolf form the first time when he was twelve years old, and since then, many people saw him naked and he saw plenty, but it was never sexual… like now. 
He was on the bed with Meg, his mate, and he hoped that she approves of him in every way. He didn't want to act like a savage, but she said that he can do whatever he wants, and he saw a few movies and thought of giving some things a try. 
Kai pushed her bikini top higher, to reveal her breasts. 
They were firm and round and perfect in every way possible, just like Meg. 
Reluctantly, Kai cupped her breast with his palm, and then he inched closer to kiss her pink circle that looked like a guiding target. 
"Ah…", a soft gasp escaped Meg's lips upon that contact. It was not just a kiss, it was the electricity that came with it. 
Kai thought that maybe she doesn't approve, but then Meg's fingers laced into his hair, and she gripped him to stay there so he kissed her again, and again, and then he sucked in her pink bud into his mouth, and he enjoyed the feeling of her nipple hardening under his tongue. 
Kai groaned lowly. She tasted like honey. 
With every passing second, Kai moved more freely, and his hands started caressing Meg's body, feeling her softness, and enjoying the way she coiled under his touch. 
He sucked and licked one nipple, and then he moved to the other one. 
His teeth grazed her soft flesh and Meg shuddered. 
Kai thought that he overdid it, but then she said, "Harder." 
"Harder?" 
Meg smiled goofily, her eyes clouded with lust. "Bite me, Kai. As long as you don't draw blood, it's fine." And even if you draw blood, I will heal in no time. 
Kai's lips lifted into a wicked smile and then he dove toward the nipple with renewed vigor. 
Her every gasp and moan made his cock lurch painfully and he couldn't wait to jab himself inside her. The scent of her arousal hit him hard and how could he resist that call? 
Kai fumbled with the knots at the side of Meg's bikini bottom, and he gulped audibly when the damned fabric finally came off and Meg's neatly trimmed intimate bush was revealed. That's it. It's happening! She was right there, for him to plunder and… Kai had no idea what to expect. 
Actually, Kai imagined many times how it will be when he finds his mate, but everything related to Meg was much better than his wildest imagination. She was fantastic. 
Meg spread her legs around him, revealing the pink slit that glistened from her juices. 
Seeing that Kai was frozen, Meg demanded, "Touch me, Kai." 
When his hand moved in slow motion, Meg grabbed it and put it right there, at the cradle of her thighs. 
Meg's hand was over Kai's, and she pressed on his middle finger, allowing it to sink between her folds. 
"Ah…", a sigh escaped Meg's lips and Kai couldn't believe how soft and wet her flesh was under his finger. 
"There…", Meg said breathily while pushing his hand lower until he felt her welcoming heat all around his middle finger. 
"Kai…", Meg moaned while rocking her hips rhythmically, taking a bit more of his finger every time. It was just a finger, but the sparks of their bond made it ecstatic, and Meg feared that she will come within seconds just like that. 
"I want your hard cock right there." 
Kai was shocked by such a crass choice of words, but at the same time it turned him on. His mate had a naughty side and he liked it! 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Wait a minute", Kai said, driven by his curiosity, and he pushed Meg's hand away from his so that he can move without obstruction. He really wanted to see what was going on down there. 
Meg groaned in protest. "Kai..." 
"Shh...", he shushed her. "We are mates. Let me see you." 
Meg exhaled in defeat when she realized that Kai used her words against her, and Kai moved lower between her legs. 
He spread her drenched folds with the tips of his fingers that were a bit shaky. He was excited. 
Kai could see her entrance and there was a small bud above it. He pressed on the bud with his thumb and Meg's whole body shook in response. 
Kai smirked proudly, like he found something important. 
Was it normal for it to smell of honey? Every part of Meg smelled of honey and he wondered if it will taste the same. He looked at his thumb that was glistening with Meg's juices and he gave it a lick. Honey. 
He wanted to lick her all over, but then he wouldn't be able to see her face that was flushed from arousal, so Kai decided to touch her a bit first and lick later. 
He moved his fingers there, caressing and prodding while observing Meg's reactions. Her moans and sighs were music to his ears. He loved how her body responded to his touch. 
"Kai…", Meg called breathily. "Now… Please…" 
He wanted to play with her bud more, but how can he deny her when she said please? 
He lifted himself on his knees and positioned his cock at her entrance. 
"Here?" What he really wanted to ask was if this was the right time. Should he fondle her more? He wanted to lick here there also, but she had other ideas. Was licking not allowed? 
Meg nodded frantically and reached with her hands to grab his firm ass and she pulled him toward her. 
"Ah!", Kai exclaimed when he plopped on top of Meg clumsily. The only good thing was that he managed to put one hand on the side to support himself and not crush her with his body. 
"Wait… wait…", Kai said while pushing himself back up. He was not ready and when he fell over Meg his cock moved on the side. It seems that thing doesn't go in on autopilot. 
In the movie he watched, guy and girl got under the cover and then the guy did pushup-like movements and the woman moaned, and that was it; but now Kai confirmed that things are trickier than that. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 290 - Meg And Kai (5)
Meg was exasperated. Her mind was clouded from arousal, they were naked on the bed with Kai on top of her… addictive sparks danced all over her body, tugging on her nerve endings, and she really wanted a release, and then Kai said to wait? Wait for what exactly? 
Kai was flustered. He was almost there, but then it didn't happen. Was he missing something? 
In one swift move, Meg's right leg wrapped around Kai's waist, and she pressed on his shoulder to push him sideways. 
Before Kai could figure out how to salvage the situation, the whole world spun, and he was on his back with Meg straddling him. 
Kai was shocked. Did she just tackle him? He didn't know that her slender body packs so much power and it was obvious that she trained. 
"Ah…", Kai inhaled a shaky breath when Meg started grinding on his shaft. 
He could feel her heat pressing against his, as she spread her juices with every move she made. It was electrifying. 
Meg's face was flushed, her breasts swayed as she moved, and the whole scene combined with her biting her lower lip was erotic beyond belief. 
Kai wanted to move and touch her, yet he ended up laying there and staring at her as possessed. Everything was too stimulating, and he couldn't move a muscle. 
His eyes widened when Meg held his erection and started lowering herself on him. 
"Sss…", Kai hissed at the otherworldly sensation of Meg's hot flesh wrapping his cock in an airtight grip. 
She started quickly, but when he was about halfway in, she slowed down her descent. 
"Are you OK?", Kai asked when he saw that Meg's face was contorted in a grimace. 
"You are big…", she breathed. 
Kai's chest swelled with pride. Big is good. 
He looked down at the point where their bodies connected, and he was lost in so far unknown pleasure with every fraction of his cock that disappeared inside Meg. 
This is it… two bodies becoming one… sex… and it was much better than he imagined it will be. 
Meg's moan mixed with Kai's groan when he was fully sheathed inside her. 
Meg's watery eyes met Kai's incredibly dark ones and the whole world stilled. 
Kai's hands were holding onto Meg's thighs, and she gripped his hands for support. 
She moved a fraction and moaned when mind-numbing sparks shot straight into her brain, "Kai… Ah…" 
The friction combined pleasure and pain and she thought that she will explode from emotional overload as Kai's feelings poured into her and amplified hers. 
Love. Wonder. Desire. Admiration. Belonging. 
The slightest of movements tugged on their nerve endings and she stared into his dark eyes that looked at her without blinking, as their bodies merged into one. 
Meg couldn't believe how quickly her orgasm was building up and she really wanted it, but her legs were shaky, and she couldn't move faster no matter how much she tried. 
Kai stared at the Goddess that was riding him in slow sensual movements and he was overwhelmed by everything that was happening. 
The visual was enchanting, and he couldn't look away from Meg's lustful expression, misty eyes from desire, mouth slightly open, that sheen of sweat that glistened on her body… perfection. 
Kai was almost there, on the verge of orgasm, but he needed something more, faster, stronger, yet Meg was slowing down. 
In his daze, Kai groaned and grabbed Meg's hips, lifting her slightly. 
Meg's mouth opened in a silent scream when he started vigorously thrusting inside her from below. 
Kai's mind exploded. The sensation was unbelievable. 
He heard that newly mated couples don't come out of their room for days, and he thought how that was ridiculous, but now that he could feel Meg's insides clutching him tightly as the sparks of their bond danced all over his body, he decided not to leave that bed as long as he has the energy to move… and when he runs out of energy, he will plop on the bed to sleep with Meg in his arms and once they recuperate, they will start all over again and they will have sex forever! 
Meg's moans became louder, and she gripped his forearms a moment before her body arched backward and she cried Kai's name for Heavens to hear. 
Meg's orgasm hit Kai full force. He groaned at the otherworldly feeling of Meg's pussy milking his cock and his balls tightened as he shot his hot load inside her. 
Kai was still thrusting inside Meg in jerky movements when she plopped on top of him. 
Eventually, his movements were reduced to the tips of his fingers following the groove of her spine. 
Meg laughed weakly. "This must be some record for the fastest orgasm." 
"It was not that fast.", Kai said in his defense. 
Meg giggled. "That's not a bad thing…" As long as both of them came, it didn't matter how long it lasted. 
She lifted her head to look at Kai and blinked when she met his gaze. "Your eyes." 
"What about them?", Kai asked. 
Meg shook her head. "Nothing." Did she imagine his eyes shimmering in silver color? Now that she looked at him again, his eyes were definitely dark brown, nearly black. 
It took Kai a moment to realize that Meg's expression was not good. What was wrong with his eyes? Ah! It must be his abilities awakening! He was excited about it, but he couldn't let Meg see it… not before he explains that members of the Midnight Guardians pack are special, and they can't have that conversation before she becomes a member and… he didn't want to think about any of it because he just had sex! And it was amazing! 
"Ah!", Meg screamed when Kai flipped them over, ending on top of her. 
Meg stared into Kai's handsome face that brimmed with joy that can't be put into words and she knew that her mate wanted more of her. Now that he tasted meat, her mate was not shy anymore. 
And there it was… a sloppy kiss that nearly missed her lips and his hips started moving as he was grinding at the cradle of her thighs. 
"Meg…", Kai murmured into her lips. "I really want to do it again. Can I?" 
Meg was touched that he asked. "We are mates, Kai. There is no need to ask. I want you just as much as you want me. Can't you feel my arousal?" 
Without stopping the flurry of kisses, Kai's hand slipped between them, and he used it to position his erection at her entrance. This time his cock didn't slip on the side as it went where it was supposed to go... into Meg's tender flesh that welcomed him. 
Meg gripped Kai's back as the pressure turned into a stretch and then into otherworldly friction that caused sparks of their bond to shake her insides as he rocked them toward another rapture. 
"Meg… Meg… Meg…", Kai chanted breathlessly close to her ear, matching the rhythm of his hips. It felt so good that he was close to losing his mind. 
"You are mine… say that you are mine…" 
"I am yours, Kai.", Meg responded between moans. 
Kai smiled and picked up the pace. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Two orgasms later… 
The guest bedroom in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack was filled with scents of honey and peach, and there was also a wanton atmosphere lingering in the air as two naked intermingled bodies glowed in the aftermath of their lovemaking. 
Kai was lying on his back with Meg next to him. She was on her side, with her head on his shoulder, and she drew invisible patterns over his abdomen with tips of her fingers. 
She enjoyed the way his hand ran through her hair, and she smiled whenever he would 'accidentally' touch her butt. Kai was getting cheekier and bolder by the minute as he was getting comfortable with the idea that pleasures of flesh are not forbidden anymore. 
Both of them were sweaty and Meg suggested a shower, but Kai wanted to relax like that for a bit. He enjoyed this newly found intimacy and he wanted to savor every moment of it. 
Kai and Meg relished this strange sense of belonging. It was unusual because they met today, and technically they didn't know anything about each other, but their meeting felt more like a long-awaited reunion of lovers who were together from the beginning of time. 
Kai had so many things to tell her, but at the same time, he didn't want to disturb this peace that descended on them. It was surreal. 
Sex is amazing! And every next time it was longer, and it was definitely getting better with practice. Kai was determined to practice often. 
If Kai knew that his mate was in the Lightclaw pack, he would go there as soon as he turned eighteen years old, and probably earlier, because no amount of time with Meg was enough. 
Meg enjoyed the way Kai's presence enveloped her. It came with a sense of security, and she was trying to imagine how her life will change in the not-so-distant future. 
No one knew about the Midnight Guardians pack, yet Meg will become a member of that pack. That will be a step into the unknown, but she knew that as long as she is with Kai, things will be alright because she belongs there, by his side. And Kai told her that they don't separate mates, so when he travels somewhere, Meg will join him. 
Meg regretted not going to the training that morning because then she would meet Kai a few hours earlier. Every moment with him was precious. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 291 - Meg And Kai (6)
"Thank you…", Kai's deep voice broke the silence. 
Meg didn't get it. "For?" 
"For being the best mate one could wish for." 
Meg looked up at Kai and the pure sincerity in his boyish grin created a mix of emotions inside her. 
He was so amazing that he called her the best, despite her flaws, and Meg wondered... was she worthy of him? 
Meg never looked down on herself. Even when she plastered a fake smile while complimenting guys who won only because she was holding back, Meg had the confidence that couldn't be shaken. 
However, this was different. This was not just any guy. This was her mate, Kai from the Midnight Guardians pack. But more than his impressive physique, handsome features, his status, or anything else that he is, it was about what he did. 
Kai gave her his first time and his first kiss and Meg didn't do the same. He was sweet and unspoiled, yet she felt dirty. 
Sure, being a virgin doesn't mean much in the society of werewolves. They start shifting in their teens, so everyone saw plenty of flesh, and when that combines with their lustful nature, the most difficult part is to wait until the eighteenth birthday. 
The unwritten rule is that underage girls shouldn't be touched and that guys should wait until they are mature enough to indulge in carnal pleasures with the milestone being their eighteenth birthday, but not everyone is following it. After all, the sweetest fruit is the forbidden one. 
However, Meg knew that the Midnight Guardians pack was different. 
As much as Meg was confident in herself, all that dwindled when compared to Kai's brilliance. 
"What's wrong?", Kai asked. Their mate bond allowed him to feel her dejection rising. 
Meg pressed her lips into a line. She didn't want to voice her thoughts. Did Kai figure out that he was not her first? Considering his inexperience, probably not. Will he connect the dots later? Will he hate her then? 
"Hey…", Kai called with concern obvious on his handsome face. "Are you not happy to be with me? Did I do something wrong? Tell me so that I can fix it." 
Meg's heart cracked. The more he tried to comfort her, the guiltier she felt. "You did everything right, Kai. It's me. I fear that you are too good for me." 
Kai's expression was full of love when he asked, "Are you doubting the Moon Goddess?" 
"What?" 
"The Moon Goddess made us mates, Meg. And that means we are perfect for each other. I have no idea from where you got that I'm too good for you, but whenever such nonsense comes to your mind again, remember that you are my other half. If you are not good, that means I'm not good either. As long as we can be together, I won't care if we are good or bad because being with you makes me feel complete." 
Meg was dazed by his sweet-talking, yet he spoke eloquently like he was stating well-known facts. "You are doing it again." 
"Doing what?" 
"Proving how amazing you are." 
Kai chuckled. "I was just speaking my mind. Feel free to do the same, Meg. Good or bad, I want to hear it all. There is nothing about you that can make me think less of you." 
Emboldened by his words, Meg thought of getting that burden off her chest. It's better to come clean right away than later. Right? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"What if… there is a man?", Meg said in a small voice while observing his facial expressions. 
Kai's brows came together in confusion. He didn't know what Meg will say, but he definitely didn't expect her to bring up... "A man?" 
Meg nodded. There were few of them, but she decided to stick to one. "In my life. A man." 
Kai's expression darkened as he understood that the man reference is related to someone who is romantic and possibly intimate with Meg. 
"You have a man? Break up with him or I will.", Kai growled dangerously. 
"No, no…", Meg panicked. "In my past." 
Kai's whole face contorted into a grimace as he struggled to contain his possessive green monster. He was never jealous in his life, and this caught him unprepared. 
He had to get a grip on himself, and he needed to do it quickly. 
Meg was telling him something and if he ended up exploding into a rage, there was a good chance Meg will start keeping secrets from him. And he didn't want secrets, not between the two of them. 
Meg groaned as Kai's hold on her tightened to the point of hurting, but she didn't want to tell him to let go of her. She would take any punishment as long as he forgives her past indiscretions. Is that even possible? 
Kai released a slow breath and dispelled the killing intent that swelled within him. 
His firm grip became softer as he composed his thoughts. 
"If it's in the past, I don't want to know about it.", Kai said eventually. 
Kai cursed himself internally. Just a minute ago he told Meg that he wants to know everything, good or bad, yet he was already backtracking on it. Kai was familiar with the ways of the other packs, and he knew that werewolves start dating in their teens, and that's normal. His pack was the odd one. 
Kai could handle anything other than the idea of Meg having someone else in her heart and mind, and the mental image of another guy embracing her was making his heart shatter into a million pieces, no matter when it happened. 
What if it happened yesterday? What if that man is waiting for Meg's return to the Lightclaw pack? Is that why she asked to visit her family? So that she can sneak out with that guy while her family keeps him occupied? 
"If it's in the present, deal with him or I will. As for the future…" 
"My present and future have only you in it.", Meg said quickly, and Kai's heart ached when he felt her insecurities. 
But he was glad to confirm that whatever man she mentioned was in the past. It's not now. 
Kai felt stupid. He wanted to know everything about Meg, but now he realized that he can't handle the truth. 
It was obvious that Meg was more experienced and if he was not from the Midnight Guardians pack, he would have many girls in his past also. Only the Moon Goddess knows how many times Kai relived himself (Kai lost count a long time ago), and if not for his locked abilities, he would probably search for a woman on those occasions instead of doing it with his hand. 
Kai knew that they were products of their environment, and he shouldn't chastise Meg for being born and raised in a different pack. 
The mood was ruined, and Kai blamed himself for that. The only good thing was that he was still embracing her and she didn't try to escape his hold. 
Kai had a desperate need to start another topic because Meg's emotions were fluctuating. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 292 - Meg And Kai (7)
An invisible lightbulb lit up above Kai's head when he remembered one thing. "I heard that your grandfather was a Beta." 
Meg tilted her head so that she can look at him. He was right, but… "Who told you?" 
"Nate and Greg were talking during training this morning.", Kai said. 
"Is that a problem?", Meg asked apprehensively. 
Kai shook his head. "No. I want to ask you…" Kai made a dramatic pause before continuing, "Will you accept to be the second Beta of the Midnight Guardians pack once Axel takes over as the Alpha?" 
Meg blinked while wondering if she heard him right. "Second Beta?" 
Kai hummed in confirmation before explaining, "The Midnight Guardians pack is led by two Alphas. Those are Axel's parents, Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia. My father is a Beta and so is my mother. However, my mother decided to focus on her hobbies so my father does most of the work officially while she assists him when needed. That is similar to how Caden and Maya are functioning here." 
Meg nodded in understanding. In the Lighclaw pack (and many others) only men hold positions while their female partners are mostly for decoration regardless of what they are able to achieve. Maya is one of the rare females that holds a high-ranking position. 
Seeing Meg's nod, Kai continued, "Once Axel takes over as the Alpha, my parents will retire, and I will be Axel's Beta. In our pack is common that partners share duties and responsibilities, as long as they are up to it. Normally, I would ask you this after I mark you, but considering your bloodline and your aura, I can confirm that you have Beta qualities, so I'm asking you now… are you up to it?" 
Meg needed a moment to process this information. "Does that mean I get to train with you?" And there will be no need to do it secretly? 
Kai smiled. Her expression told him she was willing. "You will get to train with me, eat with me, work with me, sleep with me, and anything in-between will be with me. I will teach you everything you need to know. We can start slowly and you can pick up responsibilities you are comfortable with. The only thing I need to know is if you are willing." 
Meg's heart swelled with warm and fuzzy feelings. Kai didn't want to discard her. He wanted to spend time with her. He wanted to spend ALL of his time with her. She really liked that. 
Meg cocked an eyebrow cheekily. "You will teach me stuff? What if there are things I can teach you?" 
"I will be honored to learn from you.", he responded without missing a beat. "After all, we are equals." 
Meg's smile mirrored Kai's. Spending her nights and days with Kai sounded fantastic. And he said they are equals. 
Was it normal to be this comfortable with a man she just met? But there was nothing she could do about it. Other than being outrageously handsome and hers, Kai was patient and caring, he didn't take it against her that he was not her first, and he was not intimidated by the possibility that she might best him in something. He was the fantastic mate she always wished for, and he was much more than that. 
"I would love to be the second Beta of the Midnight Guardians pack. With you.", Meg said dreamily. 
Kai was relieved that the previous awkward atmosphere was dispelled. 
The only things in the air were happiness, anticipation, excitement... lust. A lot of lust. 
Kai cupped Meg's cheek with his palm and leaned to kiss her lips. Once, twice... and then he pushed her to lay on her back and he got on top of her, and both of them forgot about their previous idea to shower. 
They will do that later. 
Now Kai wanted to fuck Meg thoroughly until she forgets about any man from her past. He was determined to engrave himself into her body with his every thrust because she is his. Completely. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Meg opened her eyes drowsily at the sensation of floating. 
Kai was carrying her into the bathroom. 
How many times did they make love? She lost count. The last thing Meg remembered was that they were cuddling and... did she fall asleep? It seems like it. 
Meg leaned her head on Kai's shoulder and smiled helplessly when she realized that his erection was poking her behind. 
Her man was insatiable. 
Meg's stamina was always enviable, but Kai defeated her in every way possible. Was that the outcome of Kai holding back his urges for two decades? 
She was too tired to think about it. 
Kai stepped into the tub that was full of warm water and sat in it with Meg in his arms. 
She settled between his legs and used his chest as a pillow, too tired to move. Luckily, the tub was extra-wide, so there was space for both of them even if they laid side-by-side. 
Kai took a sponge from the side and squirted some body wash on it before he started gently washing Meg's body. 
She tilted her head up to allow him better access to her neck and she moaned as the sponge moved down her collarbones. He made circles around her breast and then created a path toward her navel, and at some point, he released the sponge and started caressing her with his hands. 
Like a child who found a new toy, Kai found every part of Meg's body fascinating. 
He teased and pinched her nipples, enjoying the sight of them hardening and the soft moans that Meg released. Did she know that those sounds were making his cock twitch? 
Meg couldn't believe how her body reacted to his touch. She was exhausted only a few minutes ago, yet now her body hummed in arousal and need to for release. 
Kai looked over Meg's shoulder down, and the sight of her breasts half-submerged into the water rising and falling as she breathed was mesmerizing. 
He cupped her breasts and gave them a squeeze. 
"I can do this all day and not get bored of it.", he murmured close to her ear, and she laughed. 
Meg tilted her head to look at him. "I am yours, Kai. What's mine is yours. Feel free to do whatever you want. I hope you will never get bored of me." 
Kai's smile reflected in his eyes as he leaned to kiss her lips. He sucked and nibbled on them, and his hands were not idle either as the sparks of their bond danced wherever they touched. 
He caressed and washed her abdomen, her legs… moving slowly down the inside of her thighs until his fingers nearly touched her flower… almost there, almost… and then he moved back up. 
Meg's body arched in need of that additional stimulation, but Kai would always pull back at the last moment, refusing to touch her where it counts. 
"Kai… please…", Meg whimpered. 
"Please, what?" He pretended not to know. 
Meg knew that he wanted her to speak naughty and she had no problems doing it. 
"I want you big cock in my pussy, Kai. Now." 
Kai's eyebrows shot up at her words. He will need some time to get used to his risqué mate, but he didn't hate it. Not even a little bit. 
"Let's go to bed." 
Meg shook her head and pushed herself away from him. "Here." 
She leaned to grab the opposite edge of the tub and Kai gaped at Meg's perfect ass that was sticking out of the water with her pussy below it, right there for him to see. 
It was all glistening with water and bubbles and Kai extended his arm because he needed to touch her down there. 
Meg rocked her hips against his hand. 
"Yes… yes… just like that…", she breathed. 
Kai scooted closer and grabbed her hips, rotating them so that she perks up her ass. 
"Ah!", a lustful moan ripped from Meg's chest, and she looked down to see Kai under her with his face buried between her legs. 
Most of his body was underwater but even with the extra-wide tub, he was definitely at an awkward angle, however, that didn't stop him from caressing her clit with his tongue in mighty strokes that didn't waver. 
To Kai, Meg tasted like honey, the addictive kind, and he hungrily devoured the juices her body released. He couldn't get enough of it. 
"Kai… Kai…", Meg called breathlessly, and she clutched the edge of the tub as her body shook in ecstatic waves that crashed on her body, threatening to burst her into a million pieces. Surely, a person can't perish from too many orgasms. Right? 
Her mind was spinning, and she didn't hear the splashing sounds as Kai got on his knees behind her with urgency. 
And just when she thought that he gave her a breather, she felt pressure and a stretch and the otherworldly friction as he entered her from behind. 
Kai marveled this new position as her sweet pussy gripped his cock at a different angle. 
He loved the slapping sound and the way Meg's buttcheeks rippled whenever he slammed himself into her. 
The grip on her hips made it easy for him to control the pace and it was better than any of the previous times, confirming that his sex mastery was rising with practice! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 293 - At The Beach (5)
The lunch was over, and our group moved to the area where towels waited for them. 
Within a minute, they felt the scorching July heat on their skin. Werewolves are good when facing cold weather, but heat is their nemesis. 
Guys suggested that they continue sitting at the tables because they will be in the shade of big umbrellas, but girls rejected the idea. 
How can they enjoy the beach without relaxing on the towels that were spread on the soft sand? 
The solution was obvious: remove umbrellas from the tables and stick them in the sand around the towels. 
Everyone agreed that this was a brilliant idea. 
That led to the current situation. Guys were busy relocating the umbrellas, Omegas were cleaning and removing the tables after lunch, and girls went to stand ankle-deep in the water while waiting for the shade to be ready. 
It was only four umbrellas and if the girls went there also, they would get in the way. 
With nothing better to do, the girls discussed the latest topic: Meg and Kai. 
They started guessing how their lives will change, other than Meg moving to the Midnight Guardians pack. 
"Does Meg have a big family?", Maya asked Kalina. 
Unfortunately, Kalina herself was a new face and she saw Meg only twice so far, so she didn't know much. 
"I know that her parents are not ranked members. Other than that... she went to the same school with Tony." 
Similarly, Kai was from the Midnight Guardians pack, and no one was close to him. 
They could ask Tony, Axel, or some of the other guys, but they were busy with their tasks and girls didn't want to disturb them for the sake of some light gossip. 
With both Meg and Kai being unknown, their topic shifted. 
"Ah, I still remember the rush when I saw Caden the first time.", Maya said dreamily. 
When no one responded, Maya looked at the four faces around her, and saw that all of them were lost in thoughts. 
Maya was the most experienced in terms of having a mate. Kalina and Tony were still fresh, Talia didn't know that Damon was her mate until a few days ago, Tatiana recognized her mate that same morning, and Mindy was still waiting for hers. 
Maya thought it was funny. "Each of us has a different situation related to mates, and we are so close in age." She turned to Kalina. "Tell us about you meeting Tony for the first time." 
Kalina was ready to talk about it. "He was dorky in an adorable way. I remember Tony walking toward me, and he tripped on the carpet. His arms waved wildly and in the last moment he put them in front of him, to save his face from meeting the floor." She giggled. "He ended up doing three pushups, before standing up coolly with his hands in his jeans' pockets, like that fall was on purpose." 
All girls burst into laughter. 
"I wish I was there to see that.", Tatiana said. 
"What about you?", Talia asked. 
Tatiana's laughter stopped abruptly when she realized that question was directed at her. 
"What about me?" 
"How did it feel when you met Max?", Talia asked. 
Tatiana cleared her throat awkwardly. "You were there. You saw it." 
Kalina clicked her tongue. "The only thing I saw was that you were eating his face. Tell us, how did it feel? Does he have a specific scent?" 
"You didn't talk about it either.", Tatiana said in her defense. 
"I said that he was adorable. As for what makes him special… chestnuts." 
"Chestnuts?", Tatiana, Mindy, Talia, and Maya asked in unison. 
Kalina nodded. "Roasted chestnuts. I love those. I could stuff myself with roasted chestnuts all day, every day." 
Maya giggled. "Well, you got your wish. Tony is stuffing you with…" 
"Don't!", Tatiana exclaimed. "We all know what you were about to say, but don't. She is my baby sister and the idea of Tony stuffing her with his…" she couldn't make herself say it. "I don't want to think about it." 
"But you are thinking about it.", Maya said in a singing voice. 
"Instead of thinking about me, you should think about your mate.", Kalina said to Tatiana. 
"I am thinking about him.", Tatiana said irritably. She was not used to others poking their nose in her business. 
"Oh? What are you thinking?", Talia asked. "I didn't see much progress during lunch." 
Tatiana realized that Maya, Kalina, and Talia were eager for answers, and she looked at Mindy who was silent so far. 
"Don't play with my brother.", Mindy said. "What Max did for you so far, he never did for any other. It should be that way because you are mates, but I fear that you might end up pushing him away. I don't know what else you expect from him before you accept him as your mate. He is an Alpha, not a clown." 
Seeing that Tatiana's expression was frozen, Mindy wondered if she said too much. She always speaks her mind, and this time she had Maddox's best interest at heart. Mindy saw Maddox bending and twisting in order to get Tatiana's attention ever since they returned from their shopping trip, and Mindy was irked that Tatiana didn't react, not even a little bit. 
"I am saying this as Max's sister.", Mindy said. "He wants to make it work and I hope you want the same. Don't dwell on what happened this morning because it might grow into something that can't be fixed. Both of you need to decide what's more important and I hope you will pick your mate because it's obvious that he picked you. Figure out what you need from him in order to get over it, and tell him. He was never good at guessing or waiting." 
Tatiana didn't respond to Mindy's comment about Max because she didn't know what to say. 
Mates should fall for each other immediately. They did that. 
Mates should put each other first and their love should be unconditional. They failed at that. 
How Tatiana saw it, if Maddox put her first, they wouldn't encounter a situation that morning where two she-wolves emerged from the bathroom. And if she loved him unconditionally, she would brush it away with, 'Don't let it happen again'… and everything would be perfect. 
Both of them seem to be faulty at this mate-thing, and Tatiana was not sure how to resolve this knot that formed in her stomach. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maya wanted to pull the group back to the cheery mood. 
'PAK!' 
Maya clapped loudly, startling the other four ladies out of their thoughts. 
"What should we do first?", Maya asked enthusiastically while her eyes darted between Talia, Kalina, Tatiana, and Mindy, reminding them that they came to the beach to have fun. 
Kalina patted her stomach. "I ate too much." Tony was feeding her relentlessly. "Let's not do something too physically taxing until I digest this a bit." 
Talia was eyeing the big beach ball since the dessert. "How about we play with the beach ball in shallow water?" She really wanted to do that. 
Seeing that no one ed, Maya announced, "Alright! Let's start, and guys can join us when they figure out the umbrellas." 
The girls all looked at the scene of Tyler and Tony trying to stabilize one open umbrella that was wobbly, and Maddox jabbing the second umbrella in the ground with a lot of force. 
The beach was sandy, but that was artificial. Under a few inches of fine sand, there was a hard surface made of tightly packed soil and clay. The sand was not sturdy enough to hold the umbrellas, while the hard soil was difficult to get into. 
Maddox didn't want to have anything to do with those blasted umbrellas, but Tatiana said how shade would be nice, and there he was… trying to get the umbrella into the ground and wondering if he will succeed before he breaks the flimsy metallic rod that already started bending. 
Caden, Paul, Nate, Axel, and Greg were discussing something while pointing at the remaining umbrellas, obviously coming up with a good layout. 
Damon was observing the umbrella-related efforts from the side, like a boss who doesn't need to work. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 294 - At The Beach (6)
It was obvious that guys will take some time with their current task (aka setting up umbrellas for shade), so girls decided to start with the fun. 
There was no point in looking at the guys, they had enough audience among other beachgoers anyway. 
If not for the secured VIP area, many women from the beach would jump on them already. 
Tatiana was first to remove her dress, leaving her toned body in a stylish black bikini with golden details. She produced a big silky scarf from her bag and tied it around her waist to create a makeshift knee-length skirt that looked like it came from a fashion magazine. 
"Oww…", a muffled cry was heard, and Tatiana knew that was Maddox getting smacked in the head by an umbrella. She saw him gaping at her while he wielded the umbrella haphazardly, but she pretended not to notice. 
Tatiana stepped into the water and observed the lake. 
She found it interesting to see swimmers on the left and on the right, while everything in front was undisturbed. It was obvious that this was area marked as VIP and others didn't dare to trespass. The discipline of these people surprised Tatiana. If they were humans, someone would dare to test the boundaries and get close. 
Tatiana attended many parties, but whenever there was a VIP crowd involved, others were denied access in the visible range. It was easier to keep the uninvited people away completely, than to separate areas. And of course, there are always paparazzi and various spies who are eagerly waiting for celebrities to make something worthy of the front page. Scandals sell magazines the best. 
"What are you thinking about?", Maya asked as she stepped next to Tatiana. 
"This is really beautiful." She didn't want to comment on the separation of the VIP area from others. 
The lake was vast and even with the noise from all around them, it gave her a sense of peace. 
"It is. This lake is the center of the Dark Howlers pack. No matter what's going on in the town, every evening, youngsters gather here for parties that end with skinny dipping. This place perfectly combines fun and adventure." 
Tatiana's interest was piqued. "Adventure?" 
Maya nodded knowingly and looked toward the middle of the lake. "There is a legend that mermaids live at the bottom of this lake." 
Tatiana cocked an eyebrow skeptically. "A legend? Do you expect me to believe how there might be mermaids in the middle of werewolf territory and no one went down to investigate?" 
"I went down there three times.", Maya said. 
"And considering that it's still a legend, I can assume you didn't find anything. Isn't that proof how there are no such creatures as mermaids? At least not in this lake." 
Maya shook her head. "You don't understand. The lake is calm on the surface, but once you reach a certain depth, you will feel the underwater currents. They are not very strong but are enough to stir the mud from the lakebed and disorient you. No matter how strong your night vision is, it's impossible to see further than your arm can stretch, and the kelp forest is so dense that one can easily get tangled down there." 
Tatiana blinked while thinking about Maya's words. She got it… the water was murky and vine-like plants were all over the place, but… "No one thought to bring some tools in order to trim those plants and clear the way?" 
It was Maya's turn to look at Tatiana with disapproval. "Do you always think about destroying the habitat of other creatures in order to get what you want?" Even if there are no mermaids, numerous fish and other creatures live there. 
"That's not what I meant.", Tatiana quickly backtracked. "I wanted to say that if there is such a big mystery, I would do my best to investigate. With enough people, you can sweep the place in one go and dispel any false stories that are stirring kids to go down there and risk their lives." 
Maya realized that she showed hostility. It was not intentional. "The legend also says that only those who are worthy will be able to see the mermaids. By forcing our way in, we risk disturbing the ecosystem of the lake, and if the mermaids are really there, they will be angry." 
Tatiana stifled a laugh. "If that's true, why did you go there more than once? I'm not sure if you are tempting me to go down there, or if you are telling me to stay away." 
"Take it any way you want.", Maya responded without missing a beat. "But if you go there and strange things happen, relax and go with the flow. It's the mermaids." 
"Did you say, mermaids?", Kalina asked breathily from behind. 
"Yes, yes. We have those at the bottom of the lake.", Maya said enthusiastically. 
Kalina's eyes sparkled. "Can I see them?" 
Maya was pleased that one of the Wilkow sisters was interested in the myths of Darkbourne. "Only if you are worthy. The bottom is murky, and the kelp forest is vast and full of dangers…" 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Tatiana rolled her eyes and disconnected from Maya and Kalina who shared interest in the mermaid-nonsense. 
Kalina was always a dreamer who believed in things like Tooth Fairy, Sandman, and Baba Yaga. And it seems that mermaids should be added to that list also. 
How Tatiana saw it, mermaids at the bottom of the lake was a campfire story that started when someone saw a large fish jumping in the distance. It's good to entertain youngsters, but Tatiana was not part of that group. 
Tatiana is a serious businesswoman who happens to be a werewolf and she came from Europe to check on her baby sister (aka Kalina). 
Now that she ascertained Kalina and Tony are getting along well, and he is not taking advantage of Kalina's kind and carefree nature, Tatiana decided to spend a day or two relaxing before she goes back to reality. Chasing ghosts (or mermaids) was never her thing. 
What Tatiana didn't expect was to bump into Maddox. 
Mindy's words echoed into Tatiana's head. 
Tatiana knew that Mindy was right. She shouldn't play with Maddox. 
The truth was that Tatiana was not playing with him, however, she didn't know what to do with him either. 
Finding a mate should be a monumental event worth celebrating, yet she found her mate and things just got complicated. 
Tatiana turned to look at the big hunk who was cursing an umbrella. 
Yes, Tatiana came to check on her sister who found her mate, and Tatiana ended up finding her own mate. Who would have thought of that? And he is an Alpha, with a full schedule and responsibilities he can't neglect. Tatiana is a busy woman herself. How will they make their relationship work? Will they make it work? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 295 - At The Beach (7) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
Here is a shoutout to DespinaNY! 
Thank you, DespinaNY, for the magic castle! 
--- 
"Do you believe in that story about mermaids?", Mindy asked Talia. The two of them were standing on the side and listening to Kalina's and Maya's excited chatter. 
Talia shrugged. "Unless I see them, I can't be a hundred percent sure they exist, but just because I didn't see them, doesn't mean they are not real." 
If Mindy asked Talia this a month ago, Talia's answer would be that there are no such things as mermaids. Her life was too gloomy for her to believe in anything magical. 
However, since then, Talia met Damon who found her in the attic, he gave her a place to live and food and more than she ever dreamed of. So yes, thanks to Damon, Talia started believing in fairytales, miracles, and above all, she believes in Damon. 
"How about you?", Talia asked Mindy. "Do you think mermaids are real?" 
"Yes.", Mindy responded without missing a beat. 
"You do?" 
"Of course. There are many things in the world we don't know about, but that doesn't mean those things don't exist. Take us for example. If you go to human town and ask if werewolves are real, what will they say?" 
Talia thought how Mindy's words make sense. 
Talia took a mental note to ask Damon about those mermaids. Considering his adventurous and rebellious nature, if there is anything mysterious down there, he definitely found it. 
"Stop talking about mermaids…", Tatiana snapped at Maya. "At this rate, Lina will find herself at the bottom of the lake, searching for them. Will you take responsibility for her safety?" 
Maya pouted. She was secretly hoping that Kalina will join her and the two of them give it a go together. Caden forbid Maya from going again down there, but if Kalina comes, then Caden won't be able to stop them. Who knows, maybe this time she really sees mermaids? 
"Stop being such a worrywart.", Kalina frowned at her sister. "What's a life without some excitement?" 
Tatiana cocked an eyebrow. "Some excitement? Didn't you hear about murky waters and currents that make you disoriented so you get lost in kelp forest? Unless you are a fish, stay out of it. Or even better, tell Tony. If he agrees that you can go mermaid hunting, I will stay out of it." 
"No, no…", Maya was quick to interject. "Let's not bring guys into this." 
Tatiana smiled smugly, feeling victorious. "And why is that?" 
"Guys are overprotective. If it's up to them, they will jump into a volcano and wrestle rattlesnakes, while keeping us under a glass bell.", Maya said. 
Talia agreed with this. She had a fresh memory of Damon jumping into a waterfall and then shouting at her for doing the same. 
"OK. OK.", Kalina said while waving her arms between Tatiana and Maya to get their attention. "No more mermaid talk. We said that we are going into the water, so let's get down to swimsuits." She turned to Maya and mouthed, "Later". 
"I saw that!", Tatiana snapped. 
Kalina blinked at Tatiana innocently. "What did you see? There was nothing…" She pulled her t-shirt over her head and got busy unbuttoning her shorts. Just like other girls, she had a swimsuit under her clothes. 
Talia was fascinated by the tattoos that covered Kalina's exposed back. As Kalina's body moved, it looked like that artwork came to life. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Are you sure that there are no stands for these umbrellas?", Axel asked Damon suspiciously. 
"My Omegas searched for them, but they had no luck finding anything.", Damon responded with all the sincerity in the world. 
Axel didn't believe him. Damon was standing on the side and enjoying Maddox's struggles. 
"The stands should be in the same place from where tables and umbrellas came. It's obvious that they are a set.", Axel said dryly. 
Damon nodded. "They should. However, it's been ages since any of these were used, and over time things got lost. Don't worry, I'm sure they will be found. Or if they are not, we can come up with something that will work." 
Damon didn't care about the stands. He asked Omegas to bring a large white canopy that they use in the garden of the packhouse when there is a gathering. That should provide shade for all their towels. 
The canopy will arrive any minute, but Damon didn't want to reveal that because, just as Axel suspected, Damon was enjoying Maddox's struggles. 
"I thought that your front is impressive, but your back is even better!", Talia's excited voice drifted toward Damon and his ears perked up. Was she talking about him? Definitely! 
He straightened his posture and puffed his chest so that she can get a better view of his back. 
"That bird is beautiful…" 
Damon's brows came together. He has a lot of muscles, but he was not aware that any of them resemble a bird. 
Damon turned toward the direction where Talia was, and his expression darkened when he saw Talia fawning over Kalina. Damned tattoos! 
… 
By the time Talia finished visually inspecting Kalina's tattoos, Mindy, Maya, and Tatiana were in the waist-deep water, passing a massive beach ball among each other. 
"Are you two coming?", Maya asked in a singing voice. 
"I'm ready!", Kalina exclaimed and dashed into the water. 
Talia realized that she was the only one not ready. She unbuttoned the top three buttons of her dress and pulled her arms out before she shimmied out of the garment and flicked it with her foot on the towel. 
Talia made a step toward the water when everything turned dark. 
"Ahh!", Talia screamed and started flailing her legs. 
There was a fluffy fabric all around her and she lost her footing! 
She didn't fall, and there were two strong arms holding her, and something firm pressed on her back. Was she being kidnapped? In front of everyone!? And why was no one helping her!? 
"Relax, kitten. It's me.", Damon's voice sounded close to her ear. 
Talia was flabbergasted. Damon? What the…? 
"I need to talk to you.", Damon said. 
"Can you let me go first?", Talia squeaked. 
"Sure…", Damon kept her down and she struggled to remove fabric that was obstructing her face. 
It was a beach towel. 
Talia was not happy. No matter what Damon wanted, was there a need to wrap her in the towel and carry her? The beach was packed with people, and they all saw him acting like a kidnapper. 
Talia wanted to keep the towel away, but Damon was quick to grab it and wrap Talia in it from shoulders down. 
"What are you doing?", Talia asked while wondering what got into him. 
Damon looked at Talia and his brows furrowed while he scrambled to find an acceptable answer to her question. 
He thought that his biggest problem was Talia admiring someone else's body (aka Kalina's tattoos), but then he saw her getting undressed and she was left in only a red bikini and… how can he allow others to see her gorgeous body? That is only for him to see, damnit! 
If he knew that it will be one thing after another, he would put a stop to the idea of an afternoon on the beach! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 296 - At The Beach (8)
After a few torturously long seconds under Talia's scrutinizing gaze, Damon thought of something to explain his erratic behavior. 
"Your skin is pale. You should cover up so you don't get sunburns." 
Talia wanted to say that everyone else is down to their swimsuits and just fine, but then she looked at herself. She really was pale. Actually, every person other than Talia was tanned to some degree, and her skin appeared super-white among that bunch of people. That's because she spent most of the time in the attic, and since she came to the Dark Howlers pack she was busy and didn't go much in the sun. 
Talia wondered if Damon was right. Will her skin get sunburns? 
She couldn't imagine that he would lie about something like that, and his concern seemed genuine. 
Talia was never like this in the sun, so she was not sure, but still… "Even if I burn, I will heal quickly." 
Damon shook his head, indicating how that's not acceptable. "How can I allow you to suffer? Any scratch or burn on you hurts me thousand times over. I asked Omegas to bring sunscreen. Be good and stay with me until then." Covered up. And there was no one coming with the sunscreen. Talia should just stay with him for the rest of the day. 
Talia couldn't believe this. "But they are playing with the ball now. By the time sunscreen arrives, the game will be over." 
Damon was never so conflicted. He wanted Talia to be happy, but he couldn't leave her so exposed for others to see either. 
He got an idea. 
"Here…", he reached to the side. "Wear my t-shirt. That should do it." His t-shirt looked like a baggy minidress on her, so it was acceptable. 
Talia looked at the t-shirt he was holding and then at his expectant expression, and she thought of something... "Is this because I'm exposed?" 
It wouldn't be fair. He was in his swim trunks only. They talked about it! 
And this was a beach. Everyone was wearing swimwear! 
"What? No!", Damon lied with a straight face. "I am just concerned about your skin. Now put this on and you can go and play, and I won't worry about you." 
Talia didn't want to argue. She wanted to play with her girlfriends in the water! 
Talia grabbed Damon's t-shirt and pulled it over her head while Damon held the towel around her so that it doesn't fall down and reveal her body for others to see. 
With that, Talia sent Damon an air-kiss and dashed into the water. 
Damon was sure that some already got a peek of Talia's beauty before he wrapped her in the towel, and Damon was ready to gauge their eyes out! 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
A minute ago... 
While Damon and Talia negotiated for Talia to wear Damon's t-shirt, Axel used this opportunity to approach Maddox who was still struggling to set up an umbrella. The holding bar was crooked under Maddox's manhandling, but he was not giving up. 
"What's the situation there?", Axel asked while gesturing with his chin toward Damon and Talia. "Did you find out anything new?" 
Maddox looked at Axel in confusion and it took him a few seconds to remember that he and Axel were plotting to come here and expose Damon's and Talia's relationship. However, that was before Maddox knew that Talia and Damon are mates. 
Maddox recorded Damon and Talia dancing and being lovey-dovey during Kalina's party at the Lightclaw pack and he sent those to Axel together with selected information. Maddox wanted Axel to be his accomplice, and possibly take the blame if Damon discovers them and blows a fuse. That's why Axel was here and now Maddox was not sure what to say. 
"There are some developments.", Maddox said mysteriously. 
Axel leaned closer, obviously wanting to know more. "Well?" 
"I don't know if you heard, but I found my mate.", Maddox said with a big smile. "Tatiana Wilkow. She is the one in the black and golden bikini." 
Axel wanted to say how he was asking about Talia and Damon (well, Talia mostly), but he didn't want to appear rude. "Congratulations on finding your Luna. Should I assume that you are totally focused on her now and you forgot about our plans?" 
Maddox pressed his lips into a line. What plans? They only spoke about coming here and then figuring out something! 
In front of Axel's disappointed gaze, Maddox felt guilt swelling within him and he couldn't pretend that he doesn't know anything. 
"Axel", Maddox called. "I advise you to stay out of it." 
Axel was alerted. "Out of what?" 
"Their relationship is not simple." 
"Not simple? What do you mean? Can you stop talking in riddles?" 
Maddox was exasperated. Why can't Axel understand hints? 
Damon told Maddox that he and Talia are mates, and how that was not a secret, yet it shouldn't be publicized either. Maddox didn't know if Axel belongs to the group of friends who can know about it, or if he was part of the general public. There was only one person who could decide that. 
"You will need to ask Damon.", Maddox said. 
Axel exhaled in frustration. "Every time I bring up Talia in front of Damon, he looks at me like he wants to rip my head off." 
"And that should tell you that their relationship is not simple." 
"Why can't you tell me?" 
"Because it's not mine to tell.", Maddox responded right away. "You said it. Damon is protective of her. I don't want to say something I shouldn't and get on his bad side. If you want to know what's going on, it's better to ask him directly." 
Axel understood that Maddox won't tell him. Well, he can't force him. 
Axel gave Maddox a stiff nod and turned to see Omegas arriving with a bundle of white cloth and long bars that will be used to frame the structure which will hold the canopy. 
"You can stop fiddling with that umbrella.", Axel said. 
"Damn it!", Maddox cursed under his breath when he saw what Omegas were bringing. Caden was telling them where to set up the canopy. 
Maddox threw the bent umbrella on the side and walked in large strides toward the source of his anger. "Damon! I want an explanation!" 
Damon laughed and dashed into the lake with Maddox hot on his trail. 
Two big guys rushed into the lake through the girls, splashing them in the process. 
"Are you racing!?", Maya shouted after Damon and Maddox. 
Of course, two Alphas didn't respond. They both dove underwater. 
Damon was confident that he can outswim Maddox and he had no intention of stopping until Maddox cools off. 
Maya looked at Caden questionably who was standing on the beach. 
'What's going on?', Maya asked Caden through the mind-link. 
Caden scratched the back of his head. 'I'm not sure.' 
Well, Caden had a hunch, but he didn't think that two Alphas will act so childishly in public for everyone to see. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 297 - At The Beach (9)
Damon and Maddox reached far into the lake when Damon abruptly stopped swimming and turned toward his pursuer (aka Maddox). 
Damon was swimming in order to escape Maddox's wrath, and while doing so Damon was coming up with ideas on how to pacify the raging Alpha whose murderous aura was leaking all over. Damon knew why Maddox was pissed, and Damon had no regrets about it. However, he needed an exit that will allow him to avoid a brawl. 
Damon would never avoid a good fight, but this was different. With Talia and Tatiana present, neither Damon nor Maddox would give up easily and them ending in a hospital was not a good ending either so… Damon needed a sophisticated solution to come out of his predicament. 
For Maddox, this was much more than just a crooked umbrella. 
Maddox's irritation started waaaay early that day. 
He was having his usual carefree time with two she-wolves, and things were going well. Next, he soared into the sky when he met his mate, only to plunge into the depths of hell when Tatiana slapped him. 
The rest of the day was horrible because the only almost-positive thing was holding hands with Tatiana in the car. Maddox was not happy about that small feat because Tatiana let go of him the moment the car stopped moving. Sure, holding hands might be good progress for someone, but for Alpha who just found his mate, anything other than carnal pleasures until complete exhaustion was not acceptable. 
During lunch, Maddox was hovering around Tatiana, hoping to soften her up in order to get his chance to sink his cock into her tender flesh and claim her as his officially, but Tatiana was not cooperating. Holding back went against his instincts, and his impatience was bubbling and threatening to become something that can cause unimaginable consequences. 
Maddox thought that he might score points with Tatiana by providing her the best shade on that damned beach, but when Maddox realized that he was fighting the wretched umbrella only because Damon was messing with him, Maddox needed to release his fury. 
Maddox was chasing after Damon full speed while cursing Damon who seemed to have fins attached to his feet. 
Maddox really wanted to get his hands on Damon and release his frustration, but the moment Damon stopped, Maddox paused and eyed Damon cautiously. 
Damon was never the one to give up on anything, and this looked like a trap and not surrender. How can Maddox allow himself to be outsmarted again? 
Maddox was confident that Damon stopping on his own, just like that, meant nothing good. 
"Why did you stop?", Maddox asked suspiciously. 
"We need to talk.", Damon said. 
Maddox increased his vigilance. Did he already step into a trap? "About?" 
"You and Tanya." 
Maddox's lips twitched. "Should I believe that you give a shit about me after you left me there to make an ass of myself in front of my mate?" 
Damon shrugged. "Think what you want, but the reality is that you need me if you want to get anywhere." 
Maddox couldn't deny the obvious. He knew that Tatiana was not mellowing down, and Maddox had no idea how to woo a woman. No matter what he does, the likelihood was that he will make it worse, and worse than his current situation would be catastrophic. 
"Say what's on your mind.", Maddox grumbled while eyeing the calm lake all around them. Are there warriors surrounding him underwater? 
"You need privacy." 
Maddox snorted. "On this beach?" Everyone could see that Tanya would rather spend time with Kalina and girls than with Maddox. 
"Not on this beach but…" Damon turned his head to the side and pointed in a certain direction. "You should go there." 
That was the spot where Keith took Talia during Summer Solstice. 
Maddox was not sure if Damon was setting him up again, but he was desperate for a solution to his situation with Tatiana. He could always start a brawl later. 
"Where?" 
Damon swam closer to Maddox and explained, "There… do you see those rocks?" 
It took Maddox some time to pinpoint the location. "And how should I get Tanya there?" 
"That's up to you.", Damon said. "Don't look at me like I just cursed your whole family. Tanya is obviously not rejecting you which means she is waiting for your move. I will ask Omegas to prepare some snacks and drinks for you to carry, and you invite Tanya for a walk." 
"Do you think she will accept?" 
Damon was not sure if Tatiana will accept, but he knew that… "If you stay in the group, you will make zero progress. You need to talk to her openly, and the audience will prohibit you from doing that…" 
And just like that, Maddox forgot about his previous grudge against Damon and was set on inviting Tatiana to join him for a walk. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
By the time Maddox and Damon decided to return to the beach, the canopy was set up. 
Girls finished their game with the ball and guys joined them in the water. 
Maya, Paul, Nate, Greg, Tyler, and Caden were competing who can hold their breath underwater longer, and Axel was watching them to make sure no one cheated. Axel wanted to compete also, but others said how his Alpha bloodline would give him an unfair advantage, so he accepted to be the referee. 
Mindy and Tatiana went swimming at a relaxed pace, not straying too far from the shore. The two of them chatted about fashion and the latest happenings in the world of celebrities and the mood was good. 
Tony was playing with Kalina. They were splashing each other, and Tony would occasionally jump on Kalina to pull her underwater where he would sneak a few kisses. 
Talia was floating on her back with her arms and legs stretched to make a giant letter X. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the murmurs that drifted her way from all directions. Human voices, laughter, water splashing, birds chirping... Somehow, it was harmonious, and she was relishing the fact that all this was happening around her and she was part of it. 
Talia came to the beach, played with a ball in the water, there was food and friends and good mood and of course, there was Damon. It was perfect. 
A splashing sound came close to her right and Talia was startled to see Damon's head emerging from the water. 
"Did I scare you?", Damon asked with a boyish grin that made her heart skip a beat. 
He wanted to grab her from below, but he changed his mind at the last minute. 
"A little bit.", Talia admitted and wrapped her arms around his neck. 
Damon loved that Talia approached him for this small intimacy on her own. His kitten was getting used to the closeness and she didn't care that many eyes from the beach were on them. 
"What was that with you and Max?", Talia asked. She saw Damon storming into the water and Maddox jumping after him energetically. 
Damon shrugged, indicating that it's not a big deal. "We were just playing." 
He had no intention of admitting that he was messing with Maddox and got caught because he had a strong feeling Talia won't approve of it. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 298 - At The Beach (10)
Damon observed Talia who was in the water with him, with her hands around his neck. She was beautiful. 
He nudged Talia's nose with his. "Did you miss me?" 
"Yes.", she admitted. She always missed him, whenever he was not in touching distance. 
Damon's gaze fell on her lips that were slightly parted, obviously waiting for a kiss, and based on Talia's emotions, he knew that she wanted more than a kiss. 
The pressure in his groin area was maddening. Just the thought of Talia wanting him was enough to arouse him, and to make things worse, she was right there, in his t-shirt (and a red bikini under it), sticking to him closely. 
If this was not a packed beach, he would remove the pesky swimwear and have his way with her right there in the water. 
OK. Not exactly there because he would need some leverage for his feet to steady himself, but definitely somewhere nearby. 
Damon always had a high libido, but since he met Talia, things were several folds worse. He had two states, aroused and deep inside Talia. There was no third option. 
He thought how it was adorable that Talia was completely oblivious to how much he wanted her. 
"Kitten…", Damon called in a strained voice. "I know a good spot not far from here. Do you want to see?" 
How can Talia not know that he was talking about a spot where they can indulge in carnal pleasures? 
Yes, yes, YES! "We have guests. Maybe some other time." 
Damon frowned in disapproval. His hand landed low on her back, and he pulled her toward him until her crotch area pressed against his erection. 
"Do you feel this, kitten?" 
Talia closed her eyes and released a shaky breath. How can she not feel that? 
Why the heck were her legs around him and connected at the ankles? When did that happen? 
"Damon…", Talia's voice was protesting, but she didn't want to move away from him. "People are watching." 
Damon grinned. "That's why I think it's a good idea I show you that spot." 
"How far is it?" 
Damon couldn't believe that she was considering it. He decided to give her another push. "Just a minute. Come on… no one will notice us missing." 
Talia knew he was talking nonsense. How can no one notice them missing? There are thousands of eyes full of jealousy burning holes at the back of Talia's head, but she pushed all those aside. Those women are not important because the man with her was Damon, her mate, and he belonged to her. 
Damon could feel that Talia was considering it. "What do you say?" 
He moved his hips to grind himself between her legs and Talia dug her fingers into his shoulders. 
"OK…" 
Damon's cock lurched in response. She was willing! 
He was ecstatic because, guests or not, he will get a taste of his mate. Now! 
Damon gently held onto her thighs, urging her legs to open, and then he pushed her body to float next to his. 
"Hold onto me, kitten." 
Damon put her hand onto his shoulder, and when he confirmed that her grip was firm, he swam like never before. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia admired the might behind Damon's every stroke. He swam like he was not pulling another person. 
At some point, Talia wanted to say that she can swim on her own, but she kept those words to herself because she enjoyed the water taxi service Damon provided. 
Damon slowed down when they reached a thick curtain made of willow branches. 
He spread the branches to create a path that revealed a small inlet. Their destination. 
Talia was nervous. She could still hear the muffled clamor from the beach. 
Was Damon really thinking that they should go at it here? Sure, there are dense bushes and more willow trees on each side, but what if someone comes and sees them? 
She looked up to see the green tree canopy arching above them, providing shade and privacy from the outside world. 
"Do you like it?" 
Damon's question made Talia look at him. 
He was close, with only his head above the water and those drops gliding down his sculpted cheeks made him exceedingly handsome. 
"It's beautiful.", Talia said. 
"We should come here in March.", he said. "The catkins bloom and turn everything white. When I was a kid, I would come here with my mom every spring. She loved white but didn't like the cold. If you pretend it's snow, it looks like a winter wonderland." 
Talia's heart swelled from the flood of emotions. Were those hers or his? She didn't know, but she knew that it was overwhelming. 
Damon rarely spoke about his parents, but whenever he mentioned them, his gaze would be filled with longing and pride and Talia knew that he missed them immensely. 
Damon caressed Talia's cheeks with the tips of his fingers. "Before I met you, I wondered if I will ever find a woman with whom I want to share that experience. No matter how many were there, none seemed worthy… except for you, kitten. I want to share my everything with you." 
Talia thought that Damon brought her here for a wild session of lovemaking, yet he ended up revealing a part of himself that she wanted to embrace and comfort and never let go. 
"I will be honored to come here with you. In March.", she said. And any other time. 
It took her a few moments to realize how sharing a tender moment didn't mean they won't get steamy. 
Damon pecked her lips once, twice… and then he deepened the kiss. 
His hand started roaming her body and he frowned when he felt the damp cloth (aka his t-shirt on her body) that was getting in the way. 
Damon didn't bother to remove it nicely, as the fabric gave in quickly when he grabbed it and tugged in opposite directions. 
"Does this mean I'm no longer in danger of getting sunburns?", Talia asked while looking at the gray fabric that was stuck on the nearby bush when Damon flicked it on the side. 
Damon paused. What sunburns? He needed a moment to remember the lame excuse he came up with in order to cover up her gorgeous body. 
"We are in the shade now.", Damon said. 
"What about when we get back?" 
"You will stick close to me. I will shield you." From the sun and from lecherous eyes. 
Before Talia could say anything else, her lips were sealed with Damon's. 
Now there was no damp t-shirt in the way, so his hands explored her body without obstruction. 
They clung to each other, and Talia was confident that he found solid ground under his feet because her legs were around his waist and they were not drifting randomly. 
"Damon…", Talia called breathlessly when she felt him pushing her bikini bottom to the side. "What if someone sees us?" 
Damon smirked. Her words spoke about caution, yet her body said otherwise. Did she notice that she was grinding against his cock? 
"No one will come here, kitten." 
Talia gripped Damon's shoulders while wondering if he discarded his swim trunks because what was pressing at the cradle of her thighs was definitely his erection and there was no fabric between them. 
"What if someone hears us?" 
He wanted her to have the adrenaline rush due to the possibility of getting caught, but he still assured her, "Do you think I will allow anyone to see or hear you?" 
Talia had to agree with this. Her Alpha was taking good care of her, and no matter how cheeky and naughty they were in private, when someone else was around, he treated her like a queen. His queen. 
With this, the last speck of Talia's reluctance disappeared, and she gave in to her need to become one with her mate. 
Damon's hand landed at the back of her head, and he swallowed her moan that ripped out of her chest when his hard and hot shaft stretched her tender flesh. 
By the time Damon was fully sheathed inside Talia, she didn't care if anyone will hear them. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 299 - At The Beach (11)
When Damon and Talia returned to the beach, they saw that Tatiana and Maddox were not in sight, while others were on the towels in the shade that the canopy provided. 
Mindy was flipping through fashion magazines that Tatiana brought from Europe and others were divided into two groups. 
In one group were Kalina, Tony, Caden, and Maya. Girls leaned on their mates, and they were chatting while sipping chilled beverages and snacking on freshly cut fruits that were arranged on several plates. 
In the second group, Paul, Nate, Greg, Axel, and Tyler were playing poker. 
And there was one more group, in the far corner of the shade. That's where Dawn, Zina, Ivy, and Lily were. They also relaxed and snacked on fruits while making sure drinks and snacks don't run out for anyone. 
Talia and Damon slowly walked toward shallower waters while holding hands. 
"Ah!", Talia exclaimed when Damon picked her up before water went below her waist level. 
Damon held her close to him, covering her up how much he could with his muscular arms. No one will get to see his woman! 
Talia was glad that no one teased them for being absent. Well, at least not yet. 
Once they reached the canopy, Talia peered onto the group that was busy with cards. 
"Do you know what game they are playing?", Talia asked Damon. 
Damon threw a glance at the cards and plastic chips before answering, "Poker." He noticed her curiosity. "Do you want to play?" 
Of course! "Will you teach me?" 
As an answer, Damon walked to the circle five guys formed and demanded. "Make space for us." 
Axel was quick to scoot on the side, but Damon sat on the towel between Nate and Tyler. 
Damon's legs were in the lotus position, and he placed Talia to sit there. Talia glanced at Damon and smiled. With everyone sitting on the towels and her being propped higher by Damon's legs, it looked like she was someone important. 
She hoped that no one can smell what they did before in the lake. That would be embarrassing. 
Damon's arms moved around Talia, and he started telling her the rules, "Everyone gets cards and bets or folds. The one with the strongest hand wins the pot. If everyone folds, the last one standing can pick up the pot without showing his cards. We call that bluffing… you can also raise a bet..." 
Talia watched a few hands while Damon was explaining what was going on and when Talia confirmed that she understood what are poker, straight, and a full house, they joined in the game as well. 
Damon held the cards, and Talia would decide if she wanted to swap them or keep, and how much they will bet. 
Talia truly enjoyed playing poker. It was something novel, and it came with Damon all around her and nothing beats that. 
Damon stuck close to Talia with his torso arching above hers in order to shield her gorgeous body from any prying eyes. As much as he enjoyed the sparks that danced over his skin wherever he and Talia touched, Damon was observing his surroundings, Axel in particular. 
Damon had a strange feeling about Axel. The future Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack showed unusual interest in Talia from the moment he met her, and even now, while playing poker, Axel was trying to get on Talia's good side. 
Damon's insides tightened whenever Axel spoke. 
"Miss Talia, that's such a good hand!" 
"Miss Talia, you fooled me completely!" 
"Ah, Miss Talia, you are good at this game…" 
Miss Talia this, Miss Talia that… Damon felt like punching Axel in the face. 
How dares Axel act so cozy with Talia in Damon's presence? What is Damon? A decoration? 
And couldn't Axel see that Talia was taken and that whatever Axel was offering Talia was not buying? Her smiling and responding was only Talia being polite! 
How Damon saw this, Talia didn't slam rejection into Axel's face because Axel didn't really do anything too obvious other than being obnoxiously pleasant, but Damon couldn't wait to catch the bastard on his own. Damon was ready to give Axel a piece of his mind, but first… he needed to put more distance between Talia and Axel. 
"How about we play one more hand and then we go and relax on the towel?", Damon asked Talia and he could feel her reluctance to part from the card game. He spoke before she could refuse, "As hosts, we should give attention to everyone." Damon glanced toward the area where Kalina and Tony were chatting with Maya and Caden. 
Talia glanced at the cards and then she looked at Damon with a big puppy-eyed look. "How about two more hands?" 
"OK.", Damon agreed. When she looked at him like that, he would agree to anything. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Damon and Talia moved to sit with the other group, and it took only a minute for Damon to realize how that was not a good idea either. 
Why was Talia inspecting Kalina's tattoos again? 
Damon's eyes lost focus for a moment, and in the back, both Dawn and Zina jolted on their feet and scrambled into the camper van. 
Ivy and Lily exchanged confused glances and went after the other two Omegas. With Dawn and Zina rushing into the camper van so abruptly, it could mean only one thing: there was some important work to do. Did they forget something on the stove? 
Ivy and Lily didn't want to leave their two new friends on their own, so they followed after Dawn and Zina to see if they can help. 
Dawn and Zina were rummaging through drawers in the kitchen area when Lily asked, "What are you looking for?" 
"A marker.", Dawn said. 
Ivy and Lily exchanged confused glances. Dawn and Zina were running like their lives depend on it. Why would a marker be so important? 
"What kind of marker?", Ivy asked. 
"A permanent one.", Zina responded and exhaled in frustration. 
There were not many drawers so they could confirm that there are no markers in the camper van. Does that mean one of them needs to go to the packhouse? Or to Darkbourne to buy one? But Alpha said quickly… 
"Will a Sharpie do?", Lily asked. 
Zina and Dawn looked at Lily with sparkles in their eyes. 
"You have a Sharpie?", Dawn wanted to make sure she heard Lily right. 
Lily nodded and went to fetch her purse. A few seconds later, she held a permanent marker in her hand. 
"Lily has all kinds of stuff in that purse.", Ivy said. "If the end of the world comes, she will have the basics." 
Lily rolled her eyes. "Why are you saying like that's a bad thing? Don't come to me next time you need a tissue, a sanitizer, mints, stain remover, a bottle opener, comb, hair ties, cotton swabs, or a lip gloss." 
Dawn gaped at Lily. "You have all that in your purse?" 
Ivy stifled a laugh. "She has more than that." 
Lily frowned and looked at Dawn and Zina. "Do you want the Sharpie or not?" 
"Yes, yes!", Zina was quick to snatch the marker from Lily's hand. "Being prepared for calamity is always a good thing." 
Dawn and Zina couldn't figure out why Alpha Damon asked for a permanent marker, without asking for a paper or something he can write on also. Weren't they playing cards and relaxing on the beach? 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 300 - At The Beach (12)
Chapter 300! 
I want to thank all my wonderful readers who are reading this novel on the NovelFire platform and supporting my work with comments and votes. 
This novel wouldn't be what it is today without you! 
You are the best! 
. . . 
Damon was listening to Talia admiring Kalina's tattoos and his mood was falling by the second. 
How can she praise someone else openly? He was right there! 
Damon hid his frustration behind a stiff smile because Alphas don't throw tantrums. Well, at least not in public. 
Zina gingerly approached the group and Damon waved impatiently at her to hurry the moment his eyes landed on a Sharpie in Zina's hand. 
Zina didn't see how Damon snatched the marker from her hand. The movement was so quick that she suspected Damon has the ability to teleport s. 
With Sharpie secured in his tight grip, Damon cleared his throat to get Talia's attention. "Do you like tattoos?" 
"I find them fascinating.", Talia responded honestly. "People can memorialize their favorite things, people, or precious moments right on their skin." 
Kalina told her that she got a tattoo of a bird leaving the cage on the day she left home to travel through Europe, and a big rose to always remind her of her mother's garden. Every image on Kalina's body had a special meaning. 
"And it looks beautiful." That was Talia's opinion. Tattooists must practice for many years to make such delicate artwork. 
Talia looked at Damon curiously. "Why did you ask?" Damon never asked things just to start a chit-chat. 
Damon squeezed the Sharpie. "I was thinking about getting some ink on me." 
Talia blinked. "You did?" 
Talia thought about tattoos as fascinating because she was deprived of seeing such things while growing up, but Damon's body was perfect. No matter what tattoo he picks or where it's placed, it will only spoil his flawless visual. 
Seeing Talia's confusion, Damon's expression darkened. How come Kalina's tattoos are beautiful while Talia didn't approve of Damon getting some? And Damon didn't forget the way Talia looked at the tattoos of that nobody soccer player (aka Liam). 
"Does this mean you like tattoos only when they are on someone else?" 
Talia was not sure from where that comment came. What did he mean by, someone else? It was just Kalina, alright? OK. Maybe she secretly peeked at some other people, but she never approached any of them! (Talia forgot about Liam) And Kalina was her girlfriend! Was there something wrong with complimenting a friend? 
It took Talia a few moments to feel insecurities behind Damon's dejection and her heart softened at the thought that he was doing this for her. 
Talia guessed that in twenty-seven years of his life if Damon liked tattoos, he would get some. She was not sure what's the process of getting tattooed, but she assumed it was not simple and it definitely shouldn't be done for the wrong reasons. 
She inched closer to Damon and placed a gentle kiss on his bare shoulder. 
"The question here should be if YOU like tattoos.", she said. 
"I want you to look at me and not someone else.", he responded with a pout. 
Talia was not sure how to deal with her man-baby. Less than an hour ago he was wantonly ravishing her insides in the lake under the cover of willow trees, yet now he was sulking like a child who got denied a second round of dessert. 
Wasn't he aware that there were people around them? Maya was resting on Caden and watching them outright, while Tony and Kalina fed each other fruits. None interjected into Damon's and Talia's conversation, but Talia was confident they were listening. After all, they were right there so unless they stuffed their fingers into their ears and shouted 'la-la-la', they could definitely hear everything. 
If they were in private, Talia would snuggle on Damon's lap and kiss him until he stops moping, but this was in public, and she wanted to know what will pacify her Alpha. 
"So, what should we do now?", Talia asked. 
"Here", Damon said while putting the Sharpie into her hand. "Draw something on me." And then he will go to a tattoo parlor to make it permanent. 
… 
-- This work is published on WebNovel (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia was flustered while looking at the marker in her hand. 
"I don't know how to draw." This was the truth. As someone who barely got any education, after coming to the Dark Howlers pack, Talia focused on learning basics with the goal to get a high-school degree and since arts were not mandatory, she didn't even look at those. 
"Whatever you draw, it will be perfect.", Damon encouraged her. 
"If you are so set on it, do it yourself. Or ask someone else.", Talia gave him the Sharpie back. 
Damon frowned and stuffed the Sharpie back into her hand. "I want YOU to do it." 
"My crooked doodles will only ruin your perfect appearance.", Talia said with all the sincerity in the world. 
Kalina burst into giggles. She was obviously watching the Damon-Talia bickering show. 
"Lia…", Kalina called. "Do you really want someone else to come so close to Alpha Damon in order to draw on his skin? Just do your best. It will wash off eventually. We came here to have fun, so have fun and draw on him. Get a napkin to practice first if it will make you feel better." 
Talia thought that it made sense. She looked at Damon. "Where do you want it?" 
Damon suddenly realized that Kalina was pleasing to the eye. She was much better than Mindy who talks rubbish and gifts dildos. 
'AHOOO!' 
A sneeze was heard from the side. 
"Are you catching a cold?", Talia asked Mindy with concern. Can werewolves catch a cold? 
Mindy rubbed her nose with her index finger. "I don't think so. It might be someone talking shit behind my back." 
'It's not behind your back. I'm right here!', Damon thought. He believed that those random sneezes when someone thinks bad of you were empty superstition, but now he suspected that it's not so random and there might be some truth there. 
Damon patted his shoulder and spoke to Talia. "You can start from here and work your way down. Or would you rather draw on my chest first?" He was already lying on the towel with his arms behind his head, ready for Talia to start doing her magic. 
Talia's lips twitched. She was thinking to draw something small and simple, yet it seems that Damon had a much bigger project on his mind. How much did he want her to draw? 
"Is there a problem?", Damon asked when he saw that Talia was not moving. 
"I'm planning." That was not a lie. She was planning how to get out of her current predicament. 
Eventually, she spoke, "Do you really want to do this?" 
"Yes.", he responded with confidence. He was not really into tattooing, but since he gave Talia the Sharpie, she was focused on him instead of on random people, and that was perfect. 
Talia puffed her cheeks while scrambling her mind for something... anything. "What would you say if I tell you that I want to get a tattoo?" 
Damon was alerted. An image of a massive bearded guy sticking needles into Talia's body suddenly popped into Damon's mind and it was not good. 
"Where do you want it?" 
Talia shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe…" 
"Aww…", Kalina swooned. "You can get matching tattoos! Tony and I are planning to get some. I already checked, there are some decent tattoo parlors in your area…" 
Talia loved the idea of her and Damon having something permanent and matching. 
"What do you think about that?", she asked Damon enthusiastically. 
He couldn't say no to Talia, but he didn't want to agree to her poking her body either. 
"How about you draw something on me first, and then we will talk about it?" 
"Alright", Talia agreed. "But sit up. I will draw something on your shoulder." 
If Damon was lying on his back, Talia would need to lean over him and that introduced the possibility of her forgetting there were people around them. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 301 - Failed Negotiations (1)
Maddox and Tatiana held hands and walked in silence to their destination. 
Maddox had so many things he wanted to say to Tatiana, but the moment their hands connected, his brain short-circuited, and he ended up using the last bits of his mental capacity to guide them to the right spot. 
Tatiana was not sure why Maddox invited her for a walk, but the big block of pure hunkiness was visibly nervous, and she wanted to see what he was up to. 
After their talk in Tatiana's room, Maddox feared that Tatiana will have a list of conditions he needed to fulfill but when she agreed right away, Maddox was delighted. 
Damon was right. Tatiana was willing to make things work. It was not hopeless! 
Tatiana wanted to ask Maddox what's up with the picnic basket. Aren't they just going for a walk? He was wearing a shirt and shorts, so she quickly put her dress on. Before she could ask anything, Maddox held her hand and the addictive sparks shoot through her body, and she ended up following after him obediently. 
When they reached Keith's hookup spot, Maddox took a mental note to thank Damon for this idea. 
Tall rocks formed a u-shape, dense grass was perfect to cushion the area where they will sit, and massive oak trees provided nice shade without obstructing the view of the lake. A big bonus was that there were no other people in the area. It was their own little cove of privacy. Perfect. 
Maddox quickly patted the grass down and gestured to Tatiana to sit and he was relieved that she didn't refuse. 
"So… will you tell me why we are here?", Tatiana asked when Maddox took a seat next to her. 
"To talk." 
"About?" 
Maddox was confident she knew the answer to that. They were not here to exchange recipes! Why was she making this difficult? 
"About us.", he said. 
Tatiana looked at the basket. "What's inside?" 
Maddox frowned. Was she avoiding the topic? 
But they were already here, and he won't leave until he gets some answers. A minute or two of delay won't make a big difference. 
Maddox opened the basket and he found in there grapes, cheese, bite-sized pastries they had as appetizers for lunch, and there was a bottle of wine. Ice-packs kept everything chilled. He was impressed that all this was prepared in a short time. 
"Wine?", Tatiana asked with amusement in her voice. "Are you planning to get me drunk, Alpha Maddox?" 
'That's not a bad idea', Maddox thought. "Will one glass make you incapable of rational thinking?" 
'Your touch makes me incapable of rational thinking', Tatiana thought. And his scent was also making her crave coffee, the spicy kind she tasted that morning. Maddox brand. 
The fact that it was just the two of them, with the rest of the world out of sight, conjured racy images in Tatiana's mind, mostly with her on top of Maddox, and there were few with him on top of her... coffee all around her and inside her… But there was no way she would admit to it. 
"One glass of wine is nothing.", Tatiana said defiantly, mostly angry that his presence affected her so much. "Pour away." 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maddox rummaged through the basket until he found two glasses and a bottle opener that was wrapped in napkins. He silently praised Omegas who packed this. They thought of everything. 
'POP!' 
Maddox opened the wine easily and filled two glasses. 
"Tell me about yourself, Tatiana Wilkow", Maddox said in a deep sexy voice that shook her insides. 
Tatiana squirmed in her spot. Why was she getting aroused now? Was it because of his broad chest? She still remembered how hard his pecs are. Or was it because of his scorching gaze? The scent… must be the scent. Or probably all that combined. 
She accepted the glass of wine and there was a moment of stillness when their hands touched. 
Damned sparks were muddling her mind! How can she make him repent if she gives in easily? 
Tatiana reminded herself that he asked her something… what was it? Oh, yes. 
"Will you listen this time?", she answered with a question. Seeing his confused expression, Tatiana explained, "I was telling you about myself over breakfast, yet the only thing on your mind was to get in my panties. I don't want to waste breath the second time." 
Maddox paused. 
She was right. 
During breakfast, Maddox didn't hear much of what Tatiana was saying because he was aroused and he wanted to sink his cock into her, but to be fair, she didn't show much interest in his life either. Now that he thought about it, even though he missed most of it, he was confident that Tatiana was talking about fashion and company and cities in Europe where she has apartments, yet she didn't ask him any questions. 
Maddox pushed those thoughts on the side. 
He didn't bring Tatiana here to argue. 
Maddox wanted to have an open talk and clear up the air between them so that they can move on to the good stuff. Of course, the good stuff was sex. And lots of it! 
"If I say that I'm still thinking about getting in your panties, can we skip the chatter?" 
Tatiana narrowed her eyes at him. "Why are you pushing your luck?" 
"I am only speaking my mind. You can find my honesty insulting or refreshing. It's up to you. I am not playing games, Tanya, but it seems that you want to play so… tell me, what are the rules here? I need to know because it won't sit well with me if I lose and I don't know how it happened." 
Tatiana pressed her lips into a line. She only wanted him to be polite, and he ended up turning that into her wanting lies. 
She remembered Mindy's words about how Maddox is not good at guessing or waiting. Well, by now Tatiana confirmed that Maddox is not a patient guy. 
"I am not playing.", she said. "I told you this morning. Your first impression was bad and if you want me to drop my guard, I need to believe it won't happen again." 
"How do I do that?" 
Tatiana gestured toward the basket. "This impromptu picnic is a good start. As long as you don't make it sleazy and about sex." 
Maddox was not sure how to respond to this. Her demands didn't seem like too much, but it was vague, and it hinted that it would take a long time. 
She liked the picnic (Damon's idea) and didn't want to talk about sex (Maddox's goal)? 
And it's not that she just didn't want to talk about sex, but it seemed that she didn't want to do it either. Surely, she was not a virgin. Well, even if she was a virgin, Tatiana definitely saw a lot of what the world had to offer. If she was playing hard to get, did that mean she didn't want to have sex with HIM? No, no… the mate bond was making the attraction unbearable so… what was her problem? 
--- 
Author's note: 
This novel is contracted on the WebNovel platform ('W e b n o v e l . c o m'). 
By reading from the original source, you can support me (aka the author) with your comments and votes. 
Thank you for not assisting pirates who are publishing my work without permission.
###Chapter 302 - Failed Negotiations (2)
Maddox pondered about his and Tatiana's current situation for some time until he thought of one possibility. 
"You want me to court you, how humans do?", Maddox asked with disapproval in his voice. "You know that we are not humans, right? I am Alpha who found his mate. I have a pack to lead, thousands of people are depending on me. Are you really expecting me to pick you up in the evening, take you for dinners, movies, and do gentlemanly who-knows-what while pretending that I'm interested in whatever you have to say?" 
"Of course, not!", Tatiana snapped, her words full of sarcasm. "In the name of the mate bond, we should just get naked and fuck each other's brains out! Heavenly thunder will descend on you if you are actually interested in what I have to say because it's all about me being submissive and popping out Alpha babies to continue your bloodline." 
"Fuck!", Maddox exclaimed while punching the air angrily. He really wanted to fuck Tatiana and impregnate her, but... "That's not what I meant!" 
"That's what you said!" 
"Don't put words into my mouth!", Maddox growled. 
"Right. My foot into your mouth will fit better." 
Maddox raised his hands, palms facing Tatiana, indicating to her to calm down and he took a few deep breaths before continuing. 
"What I meant was that we have mate bond, and that is proof we are made for each other. I will do my best to provide for you in every way possible as long as there is breath left in me. Of course, I will treat you well, but there is no need for that advance courting shit humans do because it's fake anyway. I'm sure you dated a human or two. Did they take you on romantic dates? Did they shower you with presents and made you feel like a princess? And how did that end? It doesn't look to me you got your happily ever after because you are still single." 
Tatiana pressed her lips into a line. He was right. But… "The mate bond doesn't give you the right to act like a caveman." 
"Caveman!?", Maddox was outraged. "I won't lie to you, Tanya. Do I want to have sex with you? YES! I want to fuck you and make you scream my name until you lose your voice, and then I will feed you honey and warm water to soothe your vocal cords before I fuck you more." 
Tatiana pressed her legs together. His words were infuriating, but somehow they turned her on. What was wrong with her? 
She had to say something. "Why are you talking like it's just about sex?" 
Maddox narrowed his eyes at her. "Be honest, Tanya. Is there anything else you want to do with me right now?" 
He could smell her arousal and it was driving him insane. But even more exasperating was that she was denying what both of them wanted because he messed up that morning. 
It was one mistake. One stupid mistake! 
Will she cock-block him every time he messes up? 
What happened with talking? 
He was ready to negotiate, but what about her? 
"I want you to treat me well.", she said eventually. 
"I will need more information.", Maddox responded with all the seriousness in the world. 
"We are equals and you can't expect that I will drop everything just to be with you. I have a life that won't be put on hold or disappear just because we met." 
"Equals.", Maddox said solemnly with a nod. "We will need to work out the details, but I can promise that I won't expect you to be the only one to compromise in the situation where we disagree. Anything else?" 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Tatiana lowered her head and bit her lower lip. Was there anything else? 
She had a feeling that Maddox will do whatever she asks him, but other than the freedom to continue with her career, she didn't have much to ask for. 
Tatiana was startled when she felt his fingers touching her chin. When did he get so close? 
"Tell me, Tanya…", Maddox murmured while his intense gaze prevented her from looking away. "How can I put you at ease and make you understand that I will treat you like my queen? I will do anything to ensure your safety and happiness, Tanya. I don't know much about women, and I definitely don't know about your heart's desires, and that is why I will rely on you to talk to me openly. So, tell me… what do you want?" 
The sparks of their bond prickled her chin where his fingers rested, and she released a shaky breath. 
What did she want? 
She wanted to do over that morning. 
If she can get that... when he asked her to go upstairs, she would insist to go into her room, and they would spend the rest of the day (and probably longer) just enjoying each other… and he would fuck her until she turns hoarse and then he would feed her warm water and honey, and she would spill some on purpose and ask him to lick her clean. 
That all sounded perfect, but unfortunately, that boat sailed away the moment those two she-wolves appeared at the door of Maddox's bathroom and Tatiana saw his messed up bed and realized that the sticky scent lingering in the room was a remnant of the previous night. 
Will Tatiana ever be able to forget that image? Probably not. But, will she be able to forgive him? 
"I have difficulty digesting what happened this morning, Max.", Tatiana said. "I wish that I know what can fix that, but I don't. Maybe I should make you experience a similar thing…" Her voice trailed when she saw his expression scrunching into a scary grimace. 
Tatiana jerked her head out of his hold. "See? Just the thought is making you furious. Would you forgive me if it actually happened?" 
Maddox was bubbling with rage. "You can't make me experience the same thing because when I left those two she-wolves in my room, I didn't know you are my mate" And he told them to leave! "And if you…" 
"I know.", Tatiana interrupted him. "And this is exactly what I'm talking about. If I want to make you experience something similar, it will only create another layer of bitterness between us. You want me to turn a blind eye and pretend that this morning didn't happen, or that I am not bothered. If I could do that, I would. Do you think that I enjoy torturing myself? I can't deceive myself, Max." 
"So, what do you want?", he asked again, this time his words were sharp, and they cut straight into her heart. "Are you saying that no matter what I do, you won't accept me? If that's the case… reject me. Or do you want me to make a complete ass of myself first? Is that what you want?" 
Tatiana opened her mouth and then closed it. She really didn't know what to say. 
She could feel their bond and she wanted to give in and things to work out, but she didn't know how. 
"Where are you going?", Tatiana asked when Maddox abruptly stood up and started walking away. 
"I'm leaving.", he said without turning to look at her. "Since you have no desire to find a solution, there is no point in staying here because we will only argue. If you ever figure out what you want, come and find me. It's easy to find me. I am Alpha Maddox, Alpha of the Blue River pack. It's not Blue-whatever pack. It's Blue River. Remember that much." And then he continued walking away. 
Tatiana looked at Maddox's retreating back, and her heart cracked. She could feel his pain, or maybe that was hers. 
Maddox was hoping to make things right, or at least to start moving in the right direction. He was ready to negotiate and to give her whatever she wanted but he realized that negotiations failed before they started. 
Maddox forced his legs to keep moving. 
Every fiber of his being wanted to go back there and kiss Tatiana senselessly, but he knew that won't solve the problem, and if he acts on that impulse, he might get slapped again. 
Both of them needed to be fully committed to each other in order to make it work, but Tatiana was not ready to compromise. 
It takes two for a relationship, and Maddox was feeling alone. 
He thought how it's ironic. For the first time in his life, he felt the need for more than just a physical release, yet the only woman who could fill the gaping hole in his chest was not willing to be with him. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 303 - Maddox Needs A Drink (1)
After Maddox left, Tatiana was sitting on the grass and sipping wine absentmindedly until it turned lukewarm. 
There was a time when she was young and na?ve, and she dreamed about the moment she will meet her mate. In Tatiana's mind, her mate will be handsome and charming, and he would walk through the fire to make her happy. 
Somehow… Maddox didn't fit into that picture. 
Maddox is undeniably handsome, and he had moments when he was charming, and he said that he would do anything to make her happy, but still… something was missing. 
Tatiana wondered if she was too picky. ively speaking, Maddox is a very handsome guy. Why can't she focus on his positives? 
Or did she spend too much time among humans? Did she suppress her wolf side so much that she started acting like a human? 
Any normal she-wolf would forget herself when she finds her mate; being mated to an Alpha is definitely a big bonus, but Tatiana was different. 
Yes, his scent of coffee was intoxicating, and his flavor was addictive and then there were sparks that danced over her skin and made her feel like boundless energy coursed through her body. It was euphoric. Why can't it be enough? 
Tatiana plopped backward into the soft grass while thinking how this is for the best. 
Maddox is an Alpha. He should find a she-wolf who will fit his requirements for a Luna and Tatiana can move on with her life like they never met before. 
She was not looking down on him, neither was she thinking that she was below him. It was just that they were not good for each other. 
Two strong-headed people with explosive personalities can't make a good match no matter how she looked at it. 
Everyone says that the Moon Goddess doesn't make mistakes, but what if she made one this time? 
It must be a mistake because a couple like Maddox River and Tatiana Wilkow will never work out, and she needed to get back to work and forget about him but… will she be able to enjoy coffee again? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Tatiana returned to the beach, and she saw everyone relaxing on the towels. 
Maddox was not in sight. 
She was glad that he was not there because she didn't know how to face him. 
While walking back, Tatiana told herself numerous times that things between her and Maddox won't work out, and she was determined to leave it at that. 
However, they are mates, and just ghosting him or breaking up won't work. She needs to reject him and for werewolves, that's a big deal. 
How can she say to her soulmate that she rejects him? Tatiana's wolf whimpered in protest at this thought. 
Sure, Tatiana could steel her resolve on her own, but in front of Maddox, it will be a totally different thing. Maddox's presence comes with an undeniable magnetic attraction, and Tatiana was not sure if she will be able to keep her cool. 
Maybe if he messes up again, and she rejects him in a fit of anger? But that didn't sound reasonable either. 
"Where is Max?" 
Mindy's question got Tatiana's attention. 
"What?", Tatiana asked. 
"I'm asking you about Maddox. My brother.", Mindy said while keeping the European fashion magazine to the side. "You were together and now you are not. I assume you know where he is." 
It was not just Mindy. Everyone saw Maddox and Tatiana leaving with a picnic basket while holding hands, and they all assumed that the couple was somewhere being lovey-dovey. 
"I don't know.", Tatiana admitted. Seeing Mindy's face coming together in a frown, Tatiana released a slow breath before explaining, "We went for a walk and we talked, and…" She couldn't say it because she felt guilty. Was it her fault that he left like that? Was she the unreasonable one? "He left ahead of me." 
"How much ahead of you?", Mindy continued probing. 
"I don't know. I didn't look at the time. Half an hour. An hour, maybe?" Tatiana was spacing out and sipping wine and she didn't think that someone will question her like this. 
Mindy's eyes lost focus for a moment and then she looked at the group where Damon, Talia, Maya, Caden, Tony, and Kalina were. They were snacking fruits and watching as Talia drew something with a sharpie on Damon's shoulder. 
"Alpha Damon", Mindy called in an official tone. "Is there a bar nearby?" 
Damon was confused. "A bar? We have plenty of drinks here. Just tell Omegas what you want." 
"It's not for me. Max is in a bar. Somewhere nearby." 
Tatiana couldn't believe this. Did Max go to drink? Great! Is that how a grownup man solves problems? 
Tatiana pressed her lips into a line when she realized that everyone was looking at her. Even people who played poker stopped their game. 
No one said a word, but she knew that everyone wanted answers. 
"We talked and disagreed, and he left ahead of me.", Tatiana said eventually. 
Damon shook his head in disbelief. He set up Maddox for success, yet he blew it up. 
Well, in any case, Damon couldn't leave things like this. 
"There is only one bar nearby.", Damon said and turned to Talia. "I will go check on him. Promise you will stay here with Maya and Caden." 
"I want to go with you.", Talia said with determination. She didn't want to separate from Damon because Damon in a bar without Talia meant there will be women sticking to him, and Talia had no intention to allow that to happen. 
Damon agreed immediately. "Alright. Put your dress on." There was no way he will let her walk around in a bikini. 
Damon's eyes lost focus for a moment, and he stood up to walk on the side. 
But the time Talia put her dress on, Damon was back and pulling a gray t-shirt over his head. Talia recognized it as one of the spare t-shirts that Damon told her they have for pack members to dress up so they don't come out of the forest naked after shifting. 
"I will also go with you.", Mindy said while grabbing her dress. 
"We will keep an eye on things here.", Caden said when he saw Damon's concerned expression. 
Damon was not concerned about the people here, but he wondered what happened with Maddox and Tatiana. At first, Damon assumed that Maddox messed up, but the two of them had privacy, and Maddox went there prepared to compromise. Whatever happened, it was bad if Maddox just left Tatiana behind. 
Damon remembered that not so long ago Talia was a flight risk, and every time she was out of his sight, Damon feared that she will leave him. He couldn't imagine his life without Talia, and he knew that the mate bond between Maddox and Tatiana was quite strong already. 
Damon wrapped his arms around Talia and pressed his lips on her forehead. He needed to feel her in order to calm his jittery nerves. 
Talia hugged Damon back and let him hold her for a moment. She was happy to feel his anxiety simmering down. 
Damon released a long breath and turned to Tatiana. "Are you coming?" 
How Damon saw this, whatever happened, it was because of Tatiana, and it won't be resolved without her. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 304 - Maddox Needs A Drink (2)
Sometimes earlier… 
Maddox was approaching the beach and his steps slowed down. 
If he showed up there without Tatiana, people will be asking questions he was not willing to answer. 
Did he have answers to those questions? He was not sure. 
What will he say? That his mate was not willing to give him a chance? ...to give THEM a chance? 
Sure, some things can't be fixed. That morning was a stain that won't be removed no matter what he does. 
Maddox didn't think it was a big deal, but obviously, Tatiana thought otherwise. 
He wanted to apologize, but he realized that would be insincere. What would he apologize for? It's not like he did it on purpose. 
Why can't she accept that he made a mistake and it will not happen again? 
Maddox didn't have a time machine to fix the past. However, there were things they could do in the future. They could create many happy memories that will make that bad one fade into insignificance. 
Unfortunately, Tatiana was not willing to give them a chance. 
She wanted him to do some courting nonsense like he is a human or something. He hated it, but he would still do it if she said specifically what she wanted, but this… what was that 'picnic was a good start' and 'figure out the rest on your own' bullshit? 
Mate bond or not, Maddox was not willing to play those ambiguous games. Was Tatiana asserting her dominance? It didn't seem like it but then… what the hell was she trying to accomplish? 
Maddox felt a headache coming. 
So far, he met numerous challenges that he dealt with either at the negotiating table or in the fighting ring, and this situation was completely new and he didn't know how to approach it. 
He needed a drink. And plenty of them! 
Maddox remembered that there is a bar nearby and considering that there are only a few buildings next to the beach, it was not difficult to find which one offers seating and sells liquor. 
There was no air conditioning, and the massive ceiling fan only stirred blistering heat that was prickling one's skin. 
The bar looked deserted. 
Whoever was not working, went to find relief in the lake. 
Maddox took a seat at the bar and waved at the bartender, "Scotch!" 
The young man looked at Maddox lazily. It was too hot to be enthusiastic. "Which one? We have…" 
"Any is fine", Maddox grumbled. "And leave the bottle here." 
The first drink stung his throat. It was strong and nasty, just what he needed in order to forget about his predicament. 
One glass, two, three… Maddox stopped counting and he wished for the buzz to come faster so that his mind relaxes. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
"Hard lemonade…", a female voice came from Maddox's left and he glanced there to see a female leaning over the counter and talking to the bartender who looked like he was in a strange state of hibernation in order to preserve his energy. 
Maddox was always an ass guy, so his eyes moved from her bare back that only had a string of her bikini top running over it, over her slender waist, down to the hot shorts that revealed long slender legs and framed the ass that looked oddly familiar. 
Her behind was not so well-rounded compared to the ones he prefers, but she was not bad. Where did he see that ass before? 
The bartender acknowledged her order and started moving to fetch the drink in slow motion. 
She slid down into the barstool next to Maddox. 
"Alpha Maddox", she called. "What a coincidence to bump into you here." 
Maddox couldn't remember her face even if his life depended on it, but she spoke like they were familiar. "Do we know each other?" 
"Uhm… We met this morning. In the packhouse." 
Maddox needed a moment to process this information and then pieces came into place. "You are the Omega who was peeping through the window into the garden during breakfast." Just moments before he smelled the addictive scent of strawberries and his eyes landed on Tatiana, his mate. If he could go to back then... there was no point in thinking about it. 
Lisa grit her teeth. Before Tony dumped her, no one addressed her as Omega, and she couldn't get used to it. Her father was Beta! But this was Alpha Maddox, and she couldn't allow her temper to flare. 
"Yes. That's me. Lisa." 
Maddox's brows came together. "Did Damon send you here?" 
"No. I am here with friends and got a bit thirsty." She gestured toward the bartender who was rummaging through the refrigerator. He was obviously taking advantage of the opportunity to soak in the chills from the fridge. 
Maddox nodded in acknowledgment and turned to focus on his drink. The only person he would give face was Damon, and he didn't want to deal with anyone else. 
Lisa couldn't believe that he just ignored her. 
When she was with Tony, everyone treated her with respect, yet now others were treating her like air. 
She bit her lower lip while wondering if she should leave… but how can she just leave? 
Lisa had a hard time on the beach. Tony and Kalina were lovey-dovey for everyone to see, and even Talia was cozy with Damon, playing cards and Damon let Talia draw on him. 
And what about Lisa? She was stuck with her so-called friends in the middle of a crowd of unimportant people. 
Everyone acted like things were normal, but Lisa couldn't handle that normal. Just a few weeks ago, she was the one in the VIP section, and now she was reduced to a nobody! 
Feeling her temper rising, Lisa decided to go for a walk. Who would guess that she will end up seeing Alpha Maddox going to a bar? 
Didn't he go somewhere with that tall brunette? Did he go to the bar to fetch drinks for them? 
Lisa stood next to the bar and peered inside. She was surprised to see Maddox drinking on his own. 
A few glasses later, Lisa confirmed her suspicion… something went wrong with Maddox and the brunette! He was upset and this was her chance to comfort him! 
Sure, Maddox is not really her type, but if she could get close to Maddox, that might be her ticket back into the VIP bunch, and she will also get access to Tony, and she can ask him for an explanation. 
That all sounded great in Lisa's head, and she made her way into the bar. She was wearing a bikini top, and hot shorts, and even though she was not heaven-defying beauty, Lisa knew that she was pleasing to the eyes. No man will say no to her if she makes the first move. 
Who would guess that after she approached Maddox, he would ignore her? 
"How come you are here drinking?", Lisa asked with the bestest smile she could produce. 
Maddox's hand paused. He glanced at her and within a second confirmed that she was coming onto him. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 305 - Maddox Needs A Drink (3)
Lisa squirmed under Maddox's gaze. No one ever looked at her so intently. 
With every passing moment, Maddox appeared to be larger, while she shrunk. Was that physically possible or was her imagination playing tricks on her? 
Beads of sweat dripped down Lisa's forehead, and those were definitely not from the heat. She was nervous to the point of fainting. Why was he not saying anything? 
Maddox was confused. Why was his wolf growling in his head? 
Maddox's assessment of Lisa was spot on. He didn't care much about her personality, but he knew that she was coming onto him, which meant she was willing. Definitely not an innocent virgin, which was a bonus. Lisa was not a bombshell, but she was passable. He had worse. 
So, what was stopping him from taking her in the back? It's not like they needed a bedroom. Maddox did it in the restroom, hallway, a bush, sitting, standing, lying down, and anything in-between, and the level of alcohol in his system never played a role in it because his body would move on autopilot and the libido of an Alpha enabled him to be hard and ready the moment an eligible female came into the touching distance. 
However, just the thought of getting frisky with Lisa made Maddox's wolf growl in protest. It was so bad that Maddox was not even close to being aroused. 
Maddox's sight fell on Lisa's neck which was clean. Not marked. Well, if Lisa was marked, she wouldn't be flirty, but still… the lack of mark was confirmation she was available, and he was not taken either, so what was the problem? 
His wolf would normally stay quiet, and on a few rare occasions when his wolf was active in casual situations, the beast would amplify the lecherous side of an Alpha, yet now his wolf didn't want to do anything with Lisa. 
The wolf side of a werewolf has strong instincts, and that is one thing Maddox never doubted. If his wolf was protesting, Maddox would listen. 
Maddox wondered, was she an enemy? He dismissed that idea. If she was shady, she wouldn't be working in the packhouse, so why was his wolf not willing? 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maddox smiled bitterly when he realized what was going on. It was just as Caden and Damon said, once one meets his mate, all other women pale in comparison. 
Will he ever be able to not be repulsed by a thought of touching any woman other than Tatiana? 
Maddox and Tatiana kissed and fondled a bit over clothes, so Maddox didn't know what pleasures lie beyond that, but he was confident that the experience would be fantastic because her sweet scent alone could stir him into a frenzy. 
Maddox didn't want to think about touching other women. He wanted to be with Tatiana, his mate… but she didn't want him, and it didn't seem she will reject him either. 
He heard that rejection causes immense pain, like one's soul is being torn apart, and some end up crippled or dead. Will he recover from such a blow? 
Maddox wondered if he should reject Tatiana and cut his suffering short. Just sitting and waiting to be rejected was driving him crazy. Everything was better than waiting. 
He hoped that he will die from shock, or if that doesn't actually happen, he will pretend to be dead. Once his parents find out that Maddox met his Luna and things didn't work out, he will get a lifetime of scolding no matter who initiated the rejection. Between the nagging and death, Maddox will pick death. 
Maddox looked at the liquor in his hand. What the hell was that thing? He never had suicidal thoughts no matter how bad things got. 
Surely, one woman rejecting him is not the end of the world. Right? 
However, his parents were a real problem. They never meddled into his business, but the matter of Luna being a fated mate was never open for negotiation. His parents were fated mates and they believed that the bond is sacred. Maddox was fifteen years old when he found out that his mother was buying jewelry for her future daughter-in-law, the next Luna of the Blue River pack… Maddox's fated mate. How will he tell his mother that all those preparations were in vain because he blew it? 
He could tell Mindy to keep her mouth shut, but even if she obeys him, too many people already knew that he found his mate, and it will be impossible to keep it a secret. 
Actually, there was a chance that his parents already knew. Mindy always had a big mouth and Maddox wouldn't be surprised if she made a call home while he and Tatiana were making out in the garden, and maybe she live-streamed the scene also. 
While Maddox's mind was randomly drifting from one topic to another, Lisa's anxiety was swelling. 
She had an urge to break the intense silence. 
"Why are you not with Alpha Damon and others?" 
Maddox blinked when he realized that he was in a bar, drinking some funky liquor, and there was a she-wolf sitting next to him. 
Who the hell was she? Ah, right… the peeping Omega from the packhouse. 
"Alpha Damon treats you well. Too well." 
Lisa was confused. "What do you mean?" 
"For an Omega to approach an Alpha like this… You are either very brave or spoiled." He inched closer and sniffed. "I will go with the latter because I can smell fear." 
Maddox leaned on the bar and muttered, "I didn't know that Damon was spoiling Omegas..." 
Lisa was flabbergasted. What the heck was going on? 
"I… I…", she stuttered. "I came for a drink. I saw you and I thought it will be rude not to say hi. That's all." 
Maddox turned to look at Lisa and his smile sent chills down her spine. 
"Do you know what happens to an Omega when she approaches an Alpha without permission?" 
The reality was that Omegas look at high-ranking members from the distance, yet Lisa dared to come close to him and act like they were familiar with each other. 
Maddox visited Damon many times, and he visited other packs also, but he never encountered such an outgoing Omega. Did she approach him with an ulterior motive? 
He could snap her neck with ease and if anyone asks what happened, he will say that she offended him, and it will end at that. 
This was a matter of status. How can a lowly servant approach the king like they are equals? Just by releasing his aura he could make her fall on her knees and beg for forgiveness. 
The liquor was doing funny things to Maddox's reasoning, and he was in a bad mood already. 
The bartender placed a bottle on the bar in front of Lisa and she was grateful for that small interruption. It was her hard lemonade. 
Seeing that Maddox didn't show any intention to be a gentleman, Lisa fished out a bill from her pocket to pay for her drink. 
She looked at the bottle of hard lemonade and wondered if she should leave. 
Her reasoning told her to scram, but her pride told her to stay. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 306 - Maddox Needs A Drink (4)
"Max? Why are you drinking here?" 
Lisa stiffened at the sound of Damon's voice. It was a good thing that her back was facing the door, and she prayed silently that he doesn't recognize her. Maybe he will say hi and leave. 
Maddox glanced toward the door to see Damon, Talia, Mindy, and Tatiana standing there. 
At the sight of Tatiana, Maddox's insides tightened. Right. That's why he was here, drinking. 
Maddox wanted to embrace Tatiana and drown in her presence, but the thought that she didn't want him was excruciating. He turned his attention back to the glass in front of him. Maybe they will all go away and leave him alone. 
Tatiana exhaled a sharp breath. She should have known. She didn't want to come here in the first place, but she thought it would be rude to refuse Damon's request. And now she got to see Maddox with another woman. 
"I see that I'm not needed here, so I will head back.", Tatiana turned on her heel and left the bar without giving anyone a chance to stop her. 
She didn't speak loudly but everyone heard her, Maddox included. 
Maddox squeezed the glass in front of him while chanting internally to stay put. There was no point in going after Tatiana. 
He didn't understand. Why did she come? Did she want to see him? Why did she leave without saying anything? Did Tatiana think that there was something between him and this Omega (aka Lisa)? They were just talking! If that can be even considered talking... 
Maddox was confident that Tatiana wouldn't listen to his explanation, so there was no point in going after her and wasting words. If he does that and she doesn't like it, he might end up being slapped again, but even worse than a slap were her words which told him that she doesn't need him. He didn't want to go through it. Is it possible that she doesn't feel the bond? 
Talia's eyes moved around the bar to confirm that the only female present was next to Maddox. Was that Lisa? It definitely smelled like Lisa. Well, other than being irritating, Talia didn't see Lisa as a threat. 
After confirming that there were no she-wolves who would stick to Damon, Talia decided, "I will go with Tanya. Stay here with Max." 
Talia was about to dash out, and she quickly stopped when she nearly bumped into Mindy. Talia forgot that Mindy came with them. But it didn't matter because Mindy was Maddox's sister, and she was aware that Talia and Damon were mates. 
"Take care of the guys.", Talia told Mindy and rushed after Tanya. 
Damon wanted to tell Talia to wait, or to join her, but he knew that she was right, so he shouted after Talia, "Don't wander alone!" And he hoped that she won't end up in trouble, or with some random guys sticking to her. 
Talia turned and blew Damon an air kiss before dashing to catch up with Tatiana. 
Damon made two steps toward Maddox, when he realized, "Lisa? Why are you here?" 
Lisa squirmed uncomfortably. Why didn't he just leave? But Damon was here already, and she turned to face him. 
"This is a public bar. Are there some restrictions on who can come here for a drink?" 
Damon's brows came together in a frown. Well, there are no restrictions, but they came to check on Maddox and they didn't expect to see him in a company of a female. Actually, a female company was not so unusual, but… why Lisa? Where did she come from? This was too much to be a coincidence. 
"Does Steph know you are here?", Damon asked. 
"I am here with friends. They are on the beach and I came here to get a drink.", Lisa responded stiffly and gestured toward the bottle of hard lemonade. "I didn't know that Alpha Maddox will be here." 
Mindy was already at the bar. "Is she with you?", Mindy asked Max. 
"Who?", Maddox responded with a question and Mindy took that as a no. 
Mindy looked at Lisa with disapproval. "You got your drink. Now move along. If you want to sit here, I suggest one of the tables further away." 
Lisa pressed her lips into a line. She didn't want to leave, not like this. But that was Mindy, and there were two Alphas and Lisa ended up lowering her head. 
"Yes. I am leaving…", Lisa mumbled and grabbed the bottle of hard lemonade before scurrying out of the bar. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Mindy looked at Maddox who was refilling his glass. "Max…" 
"Why are you here?", Maddox growled. 
"I am worried about you.", Mindy said. 
Maddox sneered. "Don't you think it's too late? I don't need your pity." 
Mindy knew that she had a lot to make up to him. "I know I messed up, Max. Many times. And apologies won't fix anything. I reflected on my actions, and I want to tell you that I will do my best to be the supportive sister you deserve. I won't meddle in your business. If you need help, let me know." 
Maddox didn't know if he should believe her. Mindy was known to talk without a filter, but she was his sister and it's not like he would beat her up or put her in a dungeon. 
"OK.", Maddox said. "I don't need help. You can leave." 
Mindy glanced at Damon who shrugged, silently telling her that it was up to her. 
"Alright. I will sit there…", Mindy said and sat at the other side of the bar. She knocked on the bar counter to get the attention of the bartender. "Give me something cold." 
Mindy didn't really want to sit in that dingy bar, but Mindy already failed on so many levels that day, and she felt that she should at least do her best with the task Talia gave her, to take care of the guys (aka to make sure they don't do anything stupid). 
Damon took a seat that Lisa vacated, and he leaned over the bar to fetch a glass for himself. 
Without a word, Maddox poured the amber liquid into his and Damon's glass. 
"Ugh…", Damon grimaced after tasting the drink. He had all kinds of liquors, but this was horrible. Damon kept the glass on the counter with a frown. "Max, why are you here?" 
"And where should I be?" 
"Do you want to talk about it?" 
Maddox pursed his lips. "Tanya doesn't know what she wants, and I am not willing to crawl until she figures that out. I said what I had to say, and if she wants to talk, she knows where to find me." 
Damon nodded in understanding. "What will you do now?" 
"I will drink." 
Maddox grabbed the bottle and Damon blocked him from refilling his glass. "Does it need to be this poison?" 
"It doesn't compare to how I feel on the inside." 
Damon sighed. "Let's have one more and then head to the packhouse." Maddox frowned in disapproval and Damon explained, "I have better drinks there, and the AC is on." 
After a second of considering Damon's words, Maddox nodded in agreement and refilled both his and Damon's glass. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 307 - Talia’s Love Advice [Bonus ]
Outside… 
"Tanya, wait!", Talia called while catching up to Tatiana and she was relieved to see that Tatiana stopped. 
"Why did you leave?", Talia asked when she reached Tatiana. 
"Should I stay there and watch Max with some other woman?" 
"Are you jealous?" 
Tatiana rolled her eyes. "What's there to be jealous about?" 
Talia smiled knowingly. It was normal to be jealous if a mate is close to another woman. Even Talia was jealous at the sight of Cassie clinging onto Damon, and Talia didn't know that Damon was her mate at that time. Talia knew firsthand that the mate bond will work its wonders regardless of whether one is aware of it, and it's impossible to ignore that attraction. 
Tatiana was irked by Talia's smirk. It was obvious that Talia didn't believe her. "I already knew that Maddox River is a lecherous bastard. The moment he was not with me, he found someone else and that only confirmed my opinion of him." She shook her head. "This won't work. I need to…" 
"Stop!", Talia said sternly. How can she not know where this was going? Talia was quick to think about exit strategies every time things didn't look promising, and she could recognize that Tatiana was doing the same. 
"What you need to do is listen. Max was there drinking because you argued. He was not with that woman." 
Tatiana crossed her arms over her chest. "And how do you know that he was not with her?" 
"Max was obviously more interested in the drink in front of him than the woman by his side, and… that was Lisa." 
"Should that mean something?" 
"It's Lisa. Tony's Lisa.", Talia said and when she saw Tatiana's confused expression, she realized that Tatiana doesn't know about Anthony's background. 
"Tony used to date a woman before he met Lina. You know that, right?" 
Tatiana nodded, and Talia continued. "The woman in question is Lisa. The one from the bar." 
Tatiana's brows came together to form a frown. "Why was she with my Max?" 
Talia picked up the detail of Tatiana claiming Maddox as hers, but she had a feeling that if she points it out, Tatiana will deny it. She decided to focus on answering Tatiana's question because saying too much or too little might backfire. 
"Lisa was heartbroken when Tony found Lina, and she had trouble accepting the reality that Tony moved on. How much I know, Tony and Lisa didn't meet since then. She was probably with Max in order to inquire about Tony." 
Tatiana was alerted. She knew very well that an abandoned woman is not reasonable. Lisa was probably blaming Kalina because Tony left her. "Will she target Lina?" 
Talia wanted to say that Lisa won't, but her instincts told her otherwise and she couldn't lie. "I don't know." 
Tatiana's anxiety swelled. It's one thing for Tony to have an ex, but... "Why is Tony's ex here?" 
"Lisa grew up in the Lightclaw pack, but her mother is here. After Tony found Lina, Lisa moved in with her mother.", Talia explained. "Tanya, do you want to go back to the bar?" 
Tatiana was not willing. "Why?" 
"Because you and Max need to talk things through." 
"We talked. It didn't work. He is drinking and if I go there, things will only get worse." 
"But you want to make it work, right?" 
Tatiana released a long breath. "To be honest, I'm not sure it's worth it." 
"You are mates, Tanya. Of course, it's worth it.", Talia said. "You said that talking didn't work so maybe you should do something else together." 
Tatiana made a face. "I have a pretty good idea what Max wants to do with me." 
Talia's eyes flashed when she realized what Tatiana was talking about. Carnal pleasures! Talia pushed her awkwardness aside and asked, "Don't you want to do it with him?" 
"Who would want to shag a buffoon who only knows how to argue?" 
Talia inched closer and spoke in a half-whisper, "Maybe you should gag him and then go at it." 
Tatiana shook her head quickly to dispel arousing mental images that started popping in her mind. Maddox with a ball gag, butt naked and restrained by black leather straps, sprawled on the bed while Tatiana flogs him… She won't need to hold back because he is not a weak human and she will soothe all those bright pink whip marks with her tongue... No. NO! That's NOT happening! 
"Our differences are too vast, and steamy sex won't make them disappear.", Tatiana said. 
"But you need to try, Tanya.", Talia urged her. "You are mates for a reason. Don't you want to find out what that reason is? When I met Damon, he scared me, but as I spent time with him, I started understanding the reasons behind his mood swings. Now I know that if I didn't give him a chance, I would regret it for the rest of my life. You have only one mate, Tanya. Only he can make you experience unconditional acceptance. You owe yourself to give him a chance." 
Tatiana made a face. "Unconditional acceptance? He is stubborn and…" 
"It goes both ways, Tanya.", Talia said quickly. "You need to open up to a relationship in order for it to begin." 
"Fine. What do you suggest? And I don't want to hear anything sex-related." 
"I don't know.", Talia said honestly. "But I know that you not talking to Max and him drinking won't solve the problem. It will only make it worse. You need to spend time with him. Talk to him. Maybe not about your relationship. Talk about anything else and you will see that you have things in common. Start from there and work your way up to sex. Max is a good guy." 
Tatiana could accept everything, but this last part was fishy. "What makes him a good guy?" Other than being smoking hot and a great kisser? 
"His pack has the largest shelter in North America. Any werewolf in distress will go to the Blue River pack for help. They offer housing, food, protection, and education for abused, disabled, and abandoned. And that is all thanks to Max's efforts." 
Tatiana paused. She didn't know that. Actually, other than Maddox being an Alpha of the Blue River pack, she didn't know anything else about him. "Tell me more about Max." 
"How about you ask him?" 
"I will.", Tatiana agreed. It can't hurt to talk. Ideally, after he stops drinking. "But first, I want to check on Lina. Does she know that Tony's ex is lurking around?" Before Talia could respond, Tatiana continued, "Considering how relaxed Lina was, she probably doesn't know." 
Talia agreed with this. Kalina knew that Lisa was in the Dark Howlers pack, but she probably didn't know that Lisa was at the beach. 
"Let's go together.", Talia said. Her plan was to stick close to Tatiana and once they confirm that Kalina was safe and on alert, Talia was determined to bring Tatiana back to the bar. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Talia and Tatiana reached the beach and Tatiana's eyes nervously scanned the male-only faces in the VIP area. 
Guys were sitting in a circle and playing poker in the shade that the canopy provided. 
Axel's eyes lit up when he saw that Talia was without Damon. Finally! He suppressed his urge to approach her when he saw her serious expression. 
"Where is Lina?", Tatiana asked Tony. 
"She went swimming with Maya.", Tony responded. 
Tatiana turned to look at the lake. "Where are they?" 
Tony realized that Tatiana was on edge, so he asked, "What's going on?" 
"Lisa is here.", Tatiana said without removing her gaze from the water. 
"Lisa?", Tony asked, obviously wanting more information. 
Tatiana shot him an angry glare. "Your ex. Lisa." 
Tony didn't think that was a problem. He knew that Lisa was in the Dark Howlers pack, and he was aware they might cross paths. 
Tony heard rumors that Lisa was upset because he found his mate, but Lisa knew it was coming and he didn't see her since he found Kalina, so he didn't think much about it. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 308 - Mermaids In The Lake (1)
Tony didn't approve of Tatiana's bossy attitude, but she was Kalina's sister, so he didn't want to argue with her. 
He turned to Talia. "Is Lisa causing problems?" 
Talia was not an alarmist, but she couldn't dismiss Tatiana's worry either. "We are not sure. Max is in the bar, and we found Lisa chatting with him. It could be a coincidence, but just in case, we would like to warn you and Lina that Lisa is on the beach and that you should be careful. That's all." 
Tony understood that this was not about him. Why would he be wary of Lisa? "Do you think that Lisa will harm Lina?" 
Tatiana was irked by his casual tone. Are all Alpha guys ignorant in terms of how women work? "Your ex-girlfriend is having difficulty accepting that you moved on, Tony. What do you think, where will she direct her grievances?" 
Tony's irritation was bubbling. He didn't want to talk about Lisa, but Tatiana was pushing his buttons. "Even before we started dating, Lisa knew that only my fated mate can be my Luna. From the moment I found out Lisa was not my mate, I told her that we should break up, but she was the one saying how it's OK for us to be together until one of us finds his or her mate. I found mine. Lisa knew it was coming. End of the story." 
Tatiana frowned. Sure, Tony told Lisa what was coming, but that didn't mean Lisa was not upset when it actually happened. 
Kalina was her baby sister, and Tatiana couldn't stop herself from worrying. "Aren't you concerned about Lina? What if something happened?" 
Tony shook his head. "If Lina is in distress, I would know it. Mates can sense each other's emotions, and I can tell you that Lina is fine. But let's assume that someone will dare to confront my Lina... she can take care of herself." 
Tatiana knew that Kalina has a quick mind, a sharp tongue, and she can throw a wicked punch. No one can bully Kalina, but... "What if Lisa doesn't play fair? What if there are several of them and they catch Lina by surprise?" 
"Come on, Tanya. Don't create drama when there is none. Lisa might be bitter, but she won't be able to find a group of people who will help her attack the future Luna. We are in the middle of the Dark Howlers pack, and everyone knows that Kalina is my mate. Besides, you should trust your sister more. Lina is not a baby." 
Seeing that Tony didn't care, Tatiana turned to Caden. "Maya is with Lina. Where are they? Why can't I see them?" 
Caden glanced at the lake. "They could be underwater. We were competing who can hold their breath longer, maybe they are doing the same." 
Tatiana didn't like this. Why was everyone so easygoing? Was she the only one seeing this as a problem? 
"What if they are in danger?" 
Caden waved his hand like it was not a big deal. "If they are in danger, they are pretending." 
"Why would she pretend to be in danger?", Tatiana asked dryly. 
"So that I can get a chance to be her knight in shining armor and save the damsel in distress.", Caden said like it's a totally normal thing. "Don't you do roleplays? Guys like to feel they are in power. It's good for our ego." 
Tatiana closed her eyes and took a deep breath. What nonsense was Caden spouting? 
Everyone here was crazy! 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Tatiana wondered if she was overreacting. 
Was she on the edge because of her situation with Maddox? 
Her wolf was protesting that they were apart, and it was affecting her more than she wanted to admit. 
Seconds turned into minutes, and Tatiana continued looking at the surface of the lake. Why couldn't she see Maya or Kalina? 
"How long do werewolves hold their breath underwater?", Tatiana asked Talia. The guys were relaxed and focused on the card game and she decided not to talk to them. 
"I'm not sure.", Talia responded. 
"Maya's record is twenty-two minutes.", Caden said proudly. 
"Wow!", Axel exclaimed. "Maya is impressive. Mine is twenty-seven minutes and twelve seconds." 
Caden puffed his chest. Yes, Axel can stay underwater five minutes longer than Maya, but considering that Axel is an Alpha, that's expected. 
"I can go nineteen minutes and twenty seconds.", Tyler chimed in, and other guys started giving their longest time while holding breath underwater. 
Talia's eyebrows twitched when she realized that no one reported under fifteen minutes. She remembered that she jumped into the waterfall and after less than a minute, she was panicking about how she will drown. Did she panic for no reason? She took a mental note to time herself in a tub… when no one is watching. 
Tatiana didn't care about that who-can-do-it-longer nonsense. Men. Why is everything a competition? 
Kalina is a bubbly girl who loves to play and have fun, and Tatiana was confident that Kalina wouldn't stay underwater for a prolonged time only to prove she can do it. But… why would she be underwater? 
Tatiana's eyes widened when she remembered the story Maya told her while she was standing on that exact spot earlier that day. Mermaids. 
Sure, her bubbly sister wouldn't waste time on silly competitions, but going on a dangerous adventure is another thing. Kalina is an adrenaline junky. 
"What are you doing?", Talia asked when she saw Tatiana removing her dress with haste. 
"I need to find Lina." 
"I told you, she was fine.", Tony chimed in from the side. 
"Maybe you can be relaxed, but I can't.", Tatiana snapped at him. 
Talia realized that Tatiana wouldn't do this without reason. "What are you thinking about?" 
"Mermaids.", Tatiana said. "Maya was telling Lina about mermaids at the bottom of the lake and I think they went to search for them." 
Talia remembered the story. Maya and Kalina were excited and Talia agreed with Tatiana. Those two daredevils probably went to try their luck with mermaids. 
"I will go with you.", Talia said to Tatiana who was already waist-deep in water. 
Tatiana jumped in and started swimming. 
Talia was down to her swimwear in less than a second. "Caden, tell Damon that Tatiana and I are going mermaid searching." 
"There are no mermaids there.", Caden said. 
Talia didn't want to argue. "Just tell him." 
It was not about mermaids, but she wanted Damon to know where she was. She would expect that Damon will notify her if something unusual happens also. 
For the first time in her life, Talia really wished for a mind-link. Then she would be able to reach out to Damon at any time. Will she get the mind-link after Damon marks her? Talia was not sure, but she was super-excited at the thought of Damon marking her. That mark will make it official that they are mates, forever. Forever with Damon was surreal. 
In no time, Talia caught up with Tatiana. She didn't realize how quickly she swam, but Axel took note of that. He was thinking of going after Talia, but he paused when he realized how quickly she was moving. That was one more confirmation that she was special and Axel couldn't wait for a chance to catch Talia for some one-on-one talk. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 309 - Mermaids In The Lake (2)
"Are you going down there?", Talia asked when she saw that Tatiana was taking deep breaths. 
"Yes." Tatiana didn't know why, but she was uneasy and she needed to check on Kalina. 
"What if they are not there? What if they come out?", Talia tried to reason with Tatiana. 
"If they are not there, then I'm worrying for naught. But just in case…" Tatiana's brows furrowed. "You wait here. If they come out, tell them not to go down until I come back. I want to scold Lina for being so carefree. Doesn't she know that I worry sick about her? She can try any stunt she wants when I'm not around, but in my presence, I need her safe." 
"What if they are fine?", Talia asked. 
"Then I will dive in for no reason.", Tatiana said. "She is my baby sister and I'm restless. I need to do this." 
Talia could see Tatiana's determination. "Alright. Be careful." 
After Tatiana disappeared underwater, everything became peaceful. 
With nothing else to do, Talia looked toward the beach and she realized how far they went. She didn't notice that they swam that far, and she was not tired, not even a little bit. Was that because of her wolf? 
Eventually, Talia flipped on her back and relaxed in the water. 
Talia was not sure how much time passed when two splashing sounds were heard nearby one after another. 
Kalina and Maya. 
Both of them gasped for air and had cheery expressions. 
"Was that your limit?", Maya asked smugly. 
"I could go at least ten more minutes.", Kalina responded like it's not a big deal. 
Maya didn't believe it. She could stay underwater for another minute or two, but ten was exaggerated and she didn't want to admit that Kalina could hold her breath longer, but how can she prove it? "No way." 
"Yes way!" 
Talia cleared her throat to get their attention. 
"Eh? Talia?", Maya asked while blinking the lake water from her eyes. 
Both Maya and Kalina started swimming toward Talia and Maya asked, "Why are you here?" 
"Waiting for you and Tanya.", Talia said. 
"Tanya?", Kalina asked. "Is she coming here?" 
"She got worried about you and went to find you.", Talia said. 
Kalina didn't get it. "Why would she be worried?" 
"When Caden said that you went diving with Maya, Tanya assumed that you went mermaid hunting." 
"Not hunting. Searching.", Kalina corrected Talia. 
Talia couldn't believe this. Tatiana was right! "So, you went all the way down?" 
Kalina responded with a stiff smile. They didn't go all the way down, because the deeper they went, the visibility was lower, and then there was mud and kelp forest and currents, and it was getting tricky to navigate. 
Thinking about how dangerous it was down there, Kalina was worried. "How long is Tanya down there?" 
Talia shrugged. How was she supposed to tell time? She could only answer with, "Less than you." 
"Do you want to search for Tanya?", Maya asked. 
"No, no.", Talia said quickly. "The last thing I need is you two going back down and then Tanya comes up and she goes after you and… when will it end?" 
Kalina understood Talia's reasoning, but… "I need to find Tanya. Knowing her, she won't give up until she finds me. Neither of us trained physically. I got a boost in strength after Tony marked me and part of why I went down was to test my limits. I didn't separate from Maya, but Tanya is on her own." 
"She didn't train, but she is still a she-wolf.", Talia said. "She won't die from drowning." At most, she will pass out and her body will float up. Maybe. "Besides, she is not down there for long. Give her some time." 
Kalina puffed her cheeks. "What you said is reasonable, but I hate that she got entangled in something like this because of me. If she breaks a nail or gets mud in her hair, I won't hear the end of it." 
Tatiana was always a clean freak and Kalina knew that her sister wouldn't just go into the murky depths unless she was really worried about Kalina. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Tatiana dove deeper with every stroke. 
She was upset. 
She wanted to scold Kalina for being reckless. Why the heck would she go looking for mermaids when there were obviously none? 
Mermaids should be in the depths of the ocean, and not at the bottom of some dingy lake in the middle of a werewolf territory! 
The sunlight was getting scarcer, but Tatiana didn't have issues seeing in the darkness with her werewolf sight. However, there was nothing to see. Wherever she looked it was just water, and it was getting blurrier the further she went. 
Great. How was she supposed to find Kalina when the visibility was lowering? 
If they were part of a regular pack, they would have a mind-link, but their family is special. Their parents told them that without a pack to tie them down, they will have the freedom to choose for themselves. After all, in a pack, roles are strictly enforced. Omegas serve, warriors fight, Alphas rule. It's simple, and Tatiana was always proud of the fact that they were different, independent… but now she really wished for a way to contact her sister! 
Ah! Something touched her leg. 
Tatiana looked behind and she couldn't believe that she touched a plant. Is she at the bottom already? 
At the second glance, Tatiana confirmed that's kelp. She remembered Maya talking about a kelp forest. 
From the back of Tatiana's mind came a biology lesson where she learned some facts about kelp. Kelp has a tough and flexible stem that can grow beyond 50 meters high. That meant Tatiana was not necessarily near the bottom of the lake. How deep was this thing anyway? 
Tatiana panicked when a sudden current threw her to the side, and she grabbed one kelp in an attempt to steady herself. The plant was slimy and not easy to hold onto, but there were few of them so Tatiana grabbed with both hands. 
Just as Tatiana caught her bearings, another current threw her deeper among kelp and when Tatiana abruptly stopped, she realized that one kelp was wrapped around her ankle. 
Tatiana looked around and her eyes widened. There was kelp everywhere! 
She was prying her leg out, and her heart shook when she realized that's not an easy feat. The blasted plant was swaying with the currents and tightening its grip! 
Tatiana looked up to see the darkness. She was so deep that sunlight didn't come through, not even a little bit, and everywhere she looked, she could see kelp. 
Before she knew it, Tatiana's other leg was tightly wrapped in kelp also! 
Now what? 
She tried moving her legs gently, forcefully… it didn't work. Ripping kelp with her hands didn't work either because it was super-slimy and slippery, and she confirmed that it's very tough. 
Tatiana remembered Maya's words about how if something strange happens, she shouldn't panic, and she should let it happen because it's the mermaids. Well, if there were any mermaids at the bottom of this lake, now it would be a great time for them to show up! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 310 - Mermaids In The Lake (3) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
This bonus chapter is a shoutout to DespinaNY! 
Thank you for the Golden Gachapon! I am humbled and honored by your support! 
*\\\\(^o^)/* 
. . . 
The more Tatiana struggled, the more entangled she became. To make things worse, it was difficult to determine which way was up because currents moved the murky water, and everywhere she looked, there was just kelp. 
Tatiana cursed her luck. Why did she come here? 
Kalina told her over video chat that everything was great with Tony, but Tatiana had to come and see in person, like a nosy older sister she is. 
If she didn't come to the United States, she wouldn't meet that dastardly hunk and her mind wouldn't be a mess, her heart would be steady, and she wouldn't be stuck in the kelp! It's all his fault! 
Is this it? Is this how Tatiana Wilkow will die? 
The famous 'Dama T' whose designs grace catwalks and fashion magazines will end up as fish food. 
Will she have any regrets? 
Not really. Her assets and company will be equally divided among her four sisters. Mario knows almost everything about the business, and Tatiana had sketches ready for the next season. Her sisters probably won't care about running a fashion company, but Mario would help them create the outfits for the next season and they will use the profits as a severance package for Tatiana's employees before they shut down the company, so that will be fine. 
Her parents are well, and her sisters also, so it's not like anyone would be left in a predicament because Tatiana was gone. She was grateful that she didn't have children or pets. 
Tatiana's mind was at ease to know that people who depend on her will be taken care of. 
But what was that knot in her heart? 
In the face of death, Tatiana couldn't lie to herself. She will have one regret. 
If she knew she will die today, she wouldn't reject Maddox's advances. 
Instead of drowning in this horrid lake, she would drown in his addictive flavors of coffee. 
Instead of this slimy kelp, she would be entangled with Maddox's hunky body and his arms would embrace her. 
As a bonus, she would be charged with a few orgasms, and that would make dying easier. 
Her pride and stubbornness were the reason why she never got to experience Maddox's intimate embrace. 
Tatiana heard she-wolves saying how sleeping with a mate is an otherworldly experience, and nothing comes close to it, and Tatiana was just a step from confirming if that's true, but then she ran away. 
Tatiana remembered the moment next to the lake, when it was just her and Maddox, and he touched her chin and gazed into her eyes… that was the moment they were supposed to kiss and if she knew that death was later in her schedule, they would definitely do much more than kissing, but she ruined it. 
They were by the lake. Did the mermaids see the moment when Tatiana chickened out and pushed her own mate away? Is that why she was stuck in kelp now, as a punishment? 
Without Tatiana, Maddox will be free from this bond that was not meant to be. He can find himself a Luna who will fit his requirements and won't put up unnecessary resistance. 
Will he miss her? Probably not. Who would miss a disobedient mate who doubts the will of the Moon Goddess? 
Tatiana never played by the rules. She was the one who was setting the rules. But in the case of Maddox, she wished that she listened more and that she gave him a chance. 
Maddox River, Alpha of the Blue River pack, her mate. Instead of being super-special, it all turned super-unpleasant, and instead of trying to fix it, she was avoiding it, and this is what she gets in return. Death by drowning and kelp. Crap. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the bar… 
"Should we go now?", Damon asked Maddox. 
They agreed to have one drink and leave, but Maddox was refilling glasses for the third time, and the heat was melting Damon's patience that was already thin because he was away from Talia. 
The liquor was so bad that Damon pretended to drink and that says a lot because Damon can drink almost anything. 
"This is the last one." Maddox downed his drink, and he narrowed his eyes at Damon's full glass. "Why are you not having that?" 
Damon made a face. How on earth can Maddox drink this horrible thing and pretend that it's fine? Or did his taste buds die? Or maybe he is just suicidal. 
"I don't want to die of poisoning.", Damon said and pushed his glass away. 
"Pussy.", Maddox spat and reached to get Damon's glass. 
In the next moment, Maddox grimaced and clutched his chest. "You are right. This is poison…" 
Damon was sure Maddox was joking. Sure, the liquor was awful but when Damon said it was poisonous, it was just an idiom. As Alphas, as long as it doesn't have wolfsbane or silver, they could easily digest it without problems. Well, maybe it will make them gassy, but that's it. 
Damon noticed one inconsistency. "If it's poisonous, why are you not holding your stomach?" Maddox's hand was clearly higher. 
"Because this is where it hurts.", Maddox said pitifully. 
"What's going on?", Mindy asked with concern in her voice. 
She was sitting in that scorching bar because Talia told her to keep an eye on guys, and she saw Maddox not looking well, so she came to investigate. Was he overheating? That would be a good excuse to leave that bar from hell and take a dip in the lake to cool off or maybe find an airconditioned space. 
Maddox gripped Mindy's shoulder and spoke pitifully, "Tell mom and dad that I tried…" 
"Oh, for fuck's sake, Max!", Mindy interrupted him irritably. "Stop the drama and tell me what's going on." 
"My chest. It's uneasy. Like fire ants invaded my heart." 
Damon's eyebrows shot up when he realized. "That's Tatiana." 
"What?", Mindy and Maddox asked in unison. 
"Max, what you are feeling is through the mate bond. Those are Tatiana's feelings." 
Maddox was confused. "Why would she feel this way?" 
Damon shrugged and then he remembered what Caden told him through the mind-link. "The girls went diving into the lake, searching for mermaids." 
"You have mermaids down there?", Maddox asked. How come he didn't know about it? 
Damon shook his head. "What mermaids? It's just a bunch of underwater currents and a dense kelp forest." 
Mindy's eyes widened. "Is it possible that Tatiana is in trouble?" 
Maddox panicked. Any effects of alcohol cleared up in an instant. "I need to find her." 
"How will you find her if she is in the lake?", Mindy grumbled. 
"He can do it.", Damon said with confidence. 
He was able to find Talia more than once by following the pull of their bond. Damon's wolf was instructing Damon, and Maddox didn't have a talking wolf, but he had Damon. 
"Use the bond, Max. Feel the tug and it will take you to Tatiana." 
Without a word, Maddox ran out of the bar like a crazed man with only one thing on his mind: Tatiana. 
He didn't know why, but he had a feeling that something horrible was happening, and that Tatiana needed him. The fact that Maddox's wolf boosted his movements, told Maddox that his wolf agreed. 
But… did that even make sense? The woman who was his soulmate and who was supposed to accept him unconditionally was coming up with confusing conditions, and the last time he saw her, she just left, and despite all that Maddox was overwhelmed by an impulse to get by her side. 
Maddox had no idea at what point he reached the beach, or where he was diving, but Damon told him to follow the tug, and there was definitely a tug pulling him into the dark depths of the lake. And something told him that if he doesn't hurry, he will regret it forever. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 311 - Mermaids In The Lake (4)
By the time Damon and Mindy reached the beach, Tony, Axel, and others were on their feet, looking in the direction of the lake. 
"What's up with Max?", Caden asked Damon. 
"Tanya is in trouble. Get us a boat out there. We might need a rescue operation.", Damon said while pulling the t-shirt over his head. 
Damon could see three heads above water, and one of those three was definitely Talia. Damon hoped that Talia won't do anything foolish, and he was eager to go there and ensure she stays above the water. 
Damon felt Talia's anxiousness bubbling up and he wondered if she will do something extraordinary again. He would love to see what all she can do, but at the same time, he didn't want anyone else to see it. 
The things he saw so far would put Talia on a list of wanted people. 
No one would be comfortable if they knew that Talia can swat people in the air without touching them. Many would try to use her and when they realize that's not possible, they would do their best to eliminate her. That's not happening. Not on Damon's watch. 
Damon jumped into the water and hoped that he will reach there before Talia exposes how amazing she is. 
Caden's eyes lost focus for a moment as he called for the rescue boat to come. 
Damon's parents made an order that boating was not allowed on that lake. No one knew why they did that, but Damon didn't change that rule. However, they had a few boats on the side for emergencies. Caden now instructed warriors to take one of those boats and use Maya as their guideline where to go. 
"Damon ordered that we shouldn't go underwater in an attempt to find Tanya. If Max can't find her, no one can.", Caden said and turned to Mindy. "You come with me. You are the only one who can mind-link Max and tell us what's going on down there." 
With that, Caden went into the water. Tony, Axel, Tyler, and others also followed and Mindy quickly started removing her dress. 
Tony was swimming with Kalina as his destination, and he cursed internally. He didn't like Tatiana because she was bossy and looked at him like he used some despicable method to make Kalina his mate. But if something happens to Tatiana, and Kalina finds out that Tony just sat there and allowed Tatiana to go in the water, Kalina might blame him. 
Axel was excited while wondering if he will get to see Talia doing something extraordinary. He already saw her swimming at the speed comparable to an Alpha, and if he was right about her, she had more to offer. 
'Max, talk to me…', Mindy urged him through the mind-link while swimming. 'We are all going to the center of the lake and Damon called for a rescue boat. We need to know what's going on down there.' 
'Do you think I have time to narrate what's happening?', Maddox seethed. 
Mindy knew he was right, but many people expected her to be in charge of communication. How can she tell them that Maddox was not cooperating? 
'I understand. Focus on finding Tanya and let me know if anything important happens.' 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
In the lake, Maya, Kalina, and Talia noticed the group approaching them swiftly. 
Damon was in front with Axel coming second. Tony, Caden, and the rest followed behind them. 
"I told you something is wrong.", Kalina said. "Why else would all of them come here?" 
"Caden said that we shouldn't go down.", Maya warned Kalina. She could see that Kalina was on the verge of going underwater. "Max is there to get Tanya." 
"Do you expect me to sit here and wait?", Kalina asked in disbelief. 
Maya knew that Kalina had a point, but… "You saw what's down there. Visibility is low and with all the kelp, it's nearly impossible to find one person. You won't find her, and you might get lost also. Max has the bond to guide him. Trust him." 
"I don't know if I can leave my sister's life in Max's hands.", Kalina said grumpily. She didn't know Maddox well, and that little she knew was mostly related to womanizing. Just that morning two naked women dashed from his room AFTER Tatiana was inside. Kalina saw it with her own eyes. "I don't trust him." 
Maya knew that Kalina had her reasons, however... "You don't trust him, but you should trust Tanya's mate. Max will do everything he can to keep her safe." 
Damon's heart was in place the moment he and Talia touched. 
Talia wrapped her arms around his neck and she was relieved that Damon was there. He always had a solution for everything. 
"Tanya is down there for a while.", Talia said. "What will happen if she runs out of air?" 
"Don't worry. Max will get her.", Damon did his best to comfort her. 
"If no one else will go down there, I will.", Kalina snapped. Tony was trying to get her to settle down, but she was only getting more anxious by the second. 
"Mindy", Tony called. "Is Max saying anything?" 
"He is making his way through the kelp.", Mindy responded and turned to Kalina. "If you go, you will only become another person that needs rescuing." 
Kalina's face fell, and she turned to Tony. "Do you really expect me to wait here while my sister is running out of air?" 
Tony could feel her emotions. "I know, sweetie. But Mindy is right. Max is the strongest Alpha here, after Damon. Max has the mate bond to guide him." 
Kalina turned to Damon. "You are the strongest. Go and help Max." 
Damon didn't think twice before agreeing. He was not sure if he can help, or if he can even find Maddox, but he was uncomfortable just floating there and waiting. Damon was never part of the audience and if something happens to Tatiana on his watch, it will be a stain on his reputation. 
Damon looked at Talia. "Wait for me, kitten." 
"You are not going down there without me.", Talia said with all the seriousness in the world. She inched closer and nudged Damon's nose with hers. "Always together. Remember?", she reminded him in a whisper, and Damon's lips lifted into a smile. 
To everyone's shock, Damon and Talia went underwater at the same time. 
"How can Talia go, and I can't?", Kalina asked with disapproval obvious in her voice? 
"Talia can take care of herself.", Maya responded. 
Maya vividly remembered the feeling of nearly kissing the floor after Talia saw the racy video of Damon and Marcy, and she also remembered other occasions when Talia made Alphas bow to her. Talia is a gentle person, but when she is angry or determined, Maya was confident that Talia compares to Damon. 
Of course, Axel suspected there was more behind Maya's words. "Can you elaborate on that?" 
Maya shrugged. "Just the fact that Alpha Damon will let Talia go down there should tell you that she is capable. He is the one training her personally, so he knows best. You should ask him." 
Axel responded with a stiff nod. With Maya shifting this onto Damon, she clearly told him that he won't get any answers from her. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 312 - Mermaids In The Lake (5)
The boat arrived with two warriors rowing. 
There are a few boats on standby in case of emergencies on the lake, however, motorized engines were not allowed. 
The boat had benches on each side, allowing for about twenty people to sit. It had a canopy for shade, and under the benches were floating devices, blankets, and a first aid kit. 
One by one, people climbed on the boat. There was no point in floating in the water and waiting. They all took seats and stared into the water in suspenseful silence. 
Paul, Nate, and Greg knew that the sister of their future Luna is in danger, Mindy's brother was down there looking for his mate, Caden and Maya felt responsible as hosts, and Axel and Tyler joined the overall solemn atmosphere. 
Tony put his arms around Kalina from the back, and she leaned over the edge, hoping to see something. Anything. 
Every second was agonizingly long. 
… 
The moment Talia and Damon went underwater, Damon put Talia's hands on his shoulders, and she responded with a nod, silently telling him that she won't let go. 
Damon was diving deeper and deeper, and Talia's eyes were wide open as she tried to get a sense of their surroundings. 
Talia didn't have much confidence in her underwater-rescue skills, so... why did she go with Damon? 
Because she felt responsible. 
Talia was the one who allowed Tatiana to go down. She could have stopped her. If anything happens to Tatiana, Talia would never forgive herself. 
With every stroke of Damon's limbs, Talia's heart tightened at the realization that the situation was not good. The sunlight was reducing, and the water was getting murkier. To make things worse, kelp started surrounding them, blocking that little visibility they could have otherwise. The chances of them finding Tatiana or Maddox were slim to none. 
Damon stopped moving when they found themselves in a clearing with kelp surrounding them on all sides. He looked around, in an attempt to pick a direction. 
After some time of finding nothing useful to help him decide, Damon glanced over his shoulder and his eyes met Talia's. 
Talia's heart skipped a beat when she realized that Damon was asking her to pick which way to go. 
That was such a big responsibility! 
No matter which way they went, the chances were in favor of them moving away from two people they were hoping to find, but if they stayed in place, they would be doomed for failure. 
She wanted to shake her head and tell him that he should decide, but he looked at her with confidence, and she decided to give it a try. 
Talia scrambled her brain for answers. She couldn't pick a direction randomly. There had to be a way to make an informed decision. 
The sense of smell was useless, and her ears buzzed from the swooshing of water. Touch was also not useful, and the only thing that could produce results would her sight. But the environment was not friendly, and no matter how much she looked around, she couldn't see anything useful. 
Talia's impatience mixed with anxiety. She couldn't waste any more time. Every second was precious! 
Talia really wished for a way to determine where Tatiana and Maddox were. Maybe an x-ray vision, or a radar like what submarines have... 
Damon looked at Talia and he could see her expression changing with her thoughts. She was a completely open book as he could also feel the fluctuation of her emotions. He knew she was trying to come up with something. Was this too much pressure for her? 
Anything was better than just staying in place. He thought of telling her to give up and he would pick a random direction, but before he could tap her shoulder, Damon froze at the sight of Talia's eyes that flickered in silver light. 
Damon's heart thundered against his chest. It was happening! His kitten was about to accomplish something amazing! 
He watched without blinking as Talia moved her hand and pointed in a direction. 
Damon didn't understand the power Talia had, but he knew it was extraordinary. That same power saved his life and healed his injuries, and he trusted it completely. 
Talia gripped Damon's shoulders, and he dove deeper among kelp with Talia holding onto him. 
It didn't take long before Damon lost his way. With currents dragging them in different directions and kelp providing the ever-changing yet the same view, it was easy to get lost, however, Talia's hand would move next to his face and he could see her index finger navigating them toward their goal. 
Talia didn't understand what happened, but somehow, her vision changed, and she could see two humanoid outlines in the darkness. It was almost like all the kelp disappeared and two bodies glowed in the murky water. 
Some heat was stirring in the pit of her stomach, but she ignored it because it was important to focus on those two bodies and not lose sight of them. 
The closer they got, the clearer Talia could see, and she frowned when she recognized that the unmoving body, tangled in kelp was Tatiana. 
Maddox was fervently trying to make way through dense kelp in order to reach her. However, the kelp was tough and flexible, covered in slippery leaves, with stems that were thicker than Talia's arm. It was nearly impossible to break them, and they moved with the currents, creating rows after rows of impregnable defense lines. 
Talia gripped Damon's shoulder and he stopped swimming. 
If they went any closer, they will get stuck also. 
She needed a solution. That kelp needed to go. Or if the kelp stops swaying, it would be easier to move around. Yes. If the currents stop for a few seconds, Maddox would reach Tatiana and solve the crisis. 
Talia's vision blurred and she looked at Damon as the hot feeling in her stomach increased, threatening to burn her alive. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maddox was frustrated. He could feel that Tatiana was close. 
However, the kelp was thick and slippery, swaying with the currents and blocking his way. He tried to swim between kelp, but that really slowed him down as the leaves were long and sticky. The more he messed with the kelp, the more tangled he would get. 
To make things worse, he had a feeling like his connection with Tatiana was getting weaker. 
He panicked. Was he losing her? 
Somewhere from his right, the darkness exploded in silvery light, illuminating everything clearly like a full moon descended to the bottom of the lake. 
Maddox gaped. What's going on? 
It took him a moment to realize that everything stilled. Nothing was moving… except for him. 
Maddox used this opportunity to slip between kelps and he could see strands of dark hair peeking among the underwater foliage. Was he too late? 
… 
Up on the boat... 
"What's that!?", Kalina exclaimed when she saw silvery-white light coming from the depths of the lake. It exploded suddenly, creating a massive light sphere, and then it pulsated while dimming. 
Everyone came to that side of the boat and stared down. 
"Mermaids…", Maya said under her breath, and then she elbowed Caden. "I told you they were there!" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 313 - Mermaids In The Lake (6)
"PAAAH!", Maddox inhaled loudly when he came out of the water with Tatiana in his arms. 
"Max! Here!", Mindy waved from the boat. Maddox mind-linked Mindy that they were coming up to the surface, so everyone was on alert. 
It took less than a second for people on the boat to see that Tatiana was non-responsive. 
Paul, Nate, Axel, and Tyler swiftly jumped in the water to help Maddox. 
Tony held back Kalina with, "Tanya is coming here. Wait for her." 
Maddox had no intention to let anyone else touch Tatiana, but he couldn't climb on the boat with her in his arms. 
Maya and Caden held Tatiana's shoulders and pulled her on the boat, and Maddox jumped on without removing his anxious gaze from Tatiana. 
Maddox pushed others out of the way as he kneeled next to Tatiana who was lying on the boat's floor. 
He swatted Kalina's hands away harshly and didn't pay any heed when Tony told him to be mindful of others. 
Kalina understood Maddox's concern because Tatiana was his mate and she gave them space. Just seeing that Tatiana was there and alive was enough for Kalina. 
Maddox patted Tatiana's cheeks and called, "Tanya… Tanya… Wake up, Tanya…" 
Tatiana was pale and unresponsive, but Maddox was confident that he never saw a more beautiful woman in his life. Tatiana was perfect. His Goddess. Why won't she open her gorgeous eyes and look at him? 
He wouldn't mind if she started shouting and scolding him again. He will take another slap also, as long as she wakes up. 
"She swallowed water.", Caden said to Maddox and then spoke to two warriors who were holding oars. "Take us to the shore, close to the pack hospital." He mind-linked Travis to expect a patient who has lungs full of water. 
"What about Miss Talia and Alpha Damon?", Axel asked. 
"They are aware that Alpha Maddox found Tatiana and that we are heading to the pack hospital.", Caden responded and waved at warriors to hurry. 
Axel, Paul, Tyler, and Greg grabbed spare oars and rowed so that the boat moves faster. 
Maddox's mind scrambled with ideas on how to awaken Tatiana, and he remembered CPR. 
He pried Tatiana's mouth open and blew. 
Maya understood what Maddox was doing, and she knelt on the other side of Tatiana to start chest compressions since any guy who would get close caused Maddox to growl uncontrollably. 
No one was breathing while they waited for Tatiana to come around. 
The popular belief is that werewolves can't die from drowning, but no one was completely sure about that, and that's what made them all wait in tense silence while the atmosphere became heavier with every passing second. 
From a young age, all werewolves were aware of their good health and lifespans that can extend for a few centuries. The elders would warn them that they can die from wolfsbane and silver poisoning, and werewolves will also die if their heart is removed, or they get decapitated. 
However, no one talked about drowning. But… werewolves need air, so what happens when one can't breathe for a long time? Will Tatiana suffer brain damage or does that only applies to humans? 
Everyone had their own thoughts, and they were getting grimmer as time progressed. 
Maddox was not thinking about anything other than getting Tatiana back into the world of conscious people. He could feel the bond between them, and he knew she was not dead, but the bond was weak and he needed to see her open those eyes. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Tatiana was lost in the darkness. 
'Am I dead?', she wondered. 
Tatiana imagined that once she dies, there will be wolf-angels guiding her soul to purgatory, or maybe there was nothing after death, and this… just what was this? 
Darkness and silence surrounded her, but she was completely aware even though she couldn't move a muscle. 
Wonderful sparks danced around her lips and on her cheeks, and there was a hint of delicious coffee around her. 
The best coffee ever, the one she ruined instead of savoring it for the rest of her life. Maddox. 
Was this her punishment? Maybe she was dead in hell, doomed to an eternity of not moving or seeing, but her other senses reminded her of Alpha Maddox River, the one that got away. 
She would give anything for another chance. She wouldn't be so prideful and she would give him a chance to prove that he will be loyal and considerate and that he will fuck her until she loses her voice. 
But Tatiana was painfully aware that there were no such things as second chances in life. One must be determined and push forward… however, which way is forward after death? 
Ah! It was all her fault! 
Tatiana wanted to scream, but her chest felt stuffy, and she was unable to inhale. 
"Come on, Tanya…", a deep voice murmured close to her ear. "You can do this… come on…" 
There! Her torment went up by a few notches because she could even hear his deep sexy voice telling her to come! 
But hell was all about suffering and she was quite confident that there will be no orgasms there. 
Instead of entangling herself with her mate, she pushed him away, and things went south and now she was stuck in hell with only reminders of what could have been. 
Tatiana felt pressure in her chest. Once, twice… 
'COUGH! COUGH!' 
A violent cough ripped through Tatiana's chest, which came with immense pain, and she felt warm and gross liquid filling her mouth, and then her body turned to the side as addictive sparks moved to her shoulder. 
On the boat, there was a collective exhale of relief as Tatiana spat the murky water. She was alive. 
Tatiana blinked as fuzzy images regained focus and she could see concerned expressions of Kalina and Tony and Maya and Mindy and… she turned her head toward the shoulder where the sparks were coming from. Maddox. 
He was kneeling by her side, with water drops all over his body, a chiseled masterpiece made of hard muscles. 
Was this part of her punishment also? If she reaches to touch him, will he disappear? 
Maybe not. It all looked real. It seems she didn't die. 
Tatiana pressed her lips into a line as she understood the sparks and the scent. It was Maddox helping her expel the water from her lungs, and he was the one who got her out of that damned kelp. 
In an instant, she remembered that she ended up in trouble as she recklessly went to search for her sister who was obviously fine. The only ones not fine were Tatiana and Maddox. Why was he sad? 
Maddox looked at Tatiana with an unreadable expression. 
"Can you hear me? How are you feeling?" 
Tatiana was feeling like shit and there was a nasty taste in her mouth like she ate mud, but none of those mattered. Maddox was right there, she actually got a chance to fix things with him, and that was the only thing she could focus on. 
She gave him a small nod. 
"I'm glad you are fine.", Maddox said. He really was. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 314 - Mermaids In The Lake (7)
In slow motion, Maddox reached to touch Tatiana's cheek with the tips of his fingers. Delightful sparks jolted his mind, and he observed Tatiana who was lying on the floor of the boat and looking at him without moving a muscle. 
He didn't expect her to thank him, or to say anything kind. After all, he did what he wanted to do, and no one forced him. 
Their every interaction so far ended either with an argument or with her ignoring him. If they stop this meet right here, it should be considered a success. 
What Maddox really wanted to do was to embrace her tightly until they merge into one so that she always stays by his side. He wanted to caress and kiss her all over, but instead of doing any of that, Maddox moved to stand up. 
By now, Tatiana realized that all this was real. She ended up in trouble and Maddox rescued her. Why did he bother with her? How did he find her? 
They argued, and she left the bar without even acknowledging him. He is her mate, yet she ignored him. That must have hurt, and he still came when she needed him. Wasn't that proof of his words how he will do anything in his power to provide for her? 
He spoke about taking care of her, and she doubted if that was all bullshit just to get into her panties and that he won't care about her beyond the bedroom. After all, the only things she heard about Alphas was that they are powerful and lusty, and her initial impression of Maddox was just like that. But now he rescued her, and it seems that he was leaving even though his gaze was full of longing. 
How can she allow him to leave? 
Maddox's knees rose off the floor when he froze in an awkward half-squat. He would wonder who was holding onto his wrist, but the sparks prickling his skin told him it was Tatiana. 
He looked at his wrist, to confirm that delicate fingers with a few golden rings on them were wrapped around his wrist, and then he moved his gaze to look at Tatiana questionably. 
Tatiana wanted to thank him for rescuing her. She wanted to tell him that she will give him a chance. She wanted to acknowledge him as her mate and to tell him that treating her well doesn't necessarily mean romantic dinners and flowers and presents… she wanted to say many things and to apologize for being inflexible and for not believing him, but there was no way she would say any of it. 
However, she was holding onto his hand, and he was obviously expecting her to say something. 
Tatiana remembered Caden's words. Maya would pretend to be weak so that Caden can save her, and that men like to be knights in shining armor. 
Tatiana coughed weakly. "I am not well. I need to see a doctor." 
"We are taking you to the pack hospital.", Caden said right away. 
Everyone on the boat was silent, so they all heard Tatiana's words. 
Tatiana ignored Caden and she continued looking at Maddox. "Will you take me there?" 
Maddox wondered what game Tatiana was playing this time. 
Did she enjoy giving him hope only to push him away? 
Their first meeting was a full-blown make-out that ended with a slap. They held hands in the car, only for her to ignore him later. And then they went for a walk and Maddox thought things were going rather well up to the point when Tatiana told him that she won't be able to forget what happened that morning and that he should court her forever. 
Maddox figured out that Tatiana was playing some hot and cold game, and he was not willing to participate. 
Maddox didn't see that Caden's eyes lost focus as Maya mind-linked him to stop meddling because Maddox should take care of Tatiana. 
"Caden will take you.", Maddox said to Tatiana dryly. 
Tatiana's grip on Maddox's wrist increased. "Will you be OK with another man holding me?" 
Maddox frowned. Of course, he won't! But… what did this mean? 
He needed clarification. "You want me to hold you?" 
"Is that a problem?" 
"No.", Maddox said reluctantly. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
As they spoke, the boat was approaching the shore. 
Maddox looked around. "Where is Damon?" 
"Alpha Damon and Talia went underwater to help you out.", Caden explained. "They know you are out of the water and that we are taking Tanya to be checked out by a doctor. Talia stayed underwater longer than she should, and she was lightheaded, so Alpha Damon took her to the packhouse to rest." 
Axel frowned at this. The last part was new. 
Surely, others might believe in the mermaid story, but he knew what he saw, and his wolf definitely stirred when that silvery light exploded within the depths of the lake. Axel was confident that those were powers related to the Midnight Guardians pack, and how much he knew, there were only four people down there, and two of those four were in the boat with him. 
Right on cue, Axel heard Maya asking, "Did you see the mermaids?" 
"Mermaids?", Tatiana asked. 
"While you were down there, some white light came from the lake.", Mindy explained. 
"Tanya was unconscious.", Maddox said. "I saw the light, but no mermaids." 
"Did you see anyone else?", Axel asked. 
"No. I was trying to get Tanya untangled." 
Actually, Maddox glanced in the direction from where the light came, thinking that a submarine or something like that was nearby, and he saw two figures, but then he focused his attention on untangling Tatiana. By the time he freed Tatiana from that kelp, the light was gone and he was in a hurry to get to the surface. 
It was time to get out of the boat, and Tatiana raised her arms up toward Maddox, like a child who wants to be carried. 
Maddox hesitated. When Tatiana said that she wants him to hold her, he thought of holding hands, or maybe supporting her under her arm, but now it seemed that Tatiana wanted to be princess-carried. She was wearing only a bikini. That will be a lot of skin-to-skin contact and his swimming trunks won't be able to conceal his erection. What if he gets carried away and goes for a kiss? Will that earn him another slap? 
"Can't you walk?", Maddox asked. 
"My legs are shaky.", Tatiana responded. 
Maddox glanced at the people in the boat who suddenly all looked up or around while avoiding eye contact. 
Kalina smiled a little. Her willful sister would always find the strength to show how she can do things on her own, yet now she was pretending to be weak. It seemed that Tatiana forgave Maddox, at least a little bit, but now they faced a problem of Maddox being dense because he asked warriors if they have a stretcher. 
"What stretcher!?", Mindy hissed. "Just pick up Tanya and carry her. It will be faster. The pack hospital is ten minutes away…" 
"Five minutes", Maya chimed in quickly before Maddox could come up with another way to avoid carrying Tatiana. 
Kalina confirmed that Maddox was the only one who didn't get what Tatiana was trying to do. The best thing would be to give them privacy. With Tatiana not pushing Maddox away, they would get together sooner or later, as long as the conditions were right. No one can resist the pull of the mate bond. 
"Is there a need for all of us to go to the hospital?", Kalina asked. 
"Not really.", Caden said and looked around. "Do you want to head back to the beach, or to the packhouse?" 
"Packhouse.", Axel said right away. He heard that Damon and Talia went there, and he was eager to talk to Talia. 
Except for Caden who went to accompany Maddox and Tatiana to the hospital, the rest headed to the packhouse. The day was eventful, and they decided to take it easy until dinnertime. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 315 - Seducing Alpha Maddox (1) [Bonus ]
Maddox carried Tatiana stiffly while doing his best not to stumble. 
He had no idea why she wanted him to carry her, and he was unable to think beyond his hard-on because she was wearing only a bikini and he was in his swim trunks, addictive sparks were dancing over his skin wherever they touched, and it was driving him mad. 
He was sure that he will have a serious case of blue balls. 
To make things worse, Tatiana snuggled into him, and he had to focus not touch her inappropriately. 
After all, she called him a caveman who thinks only about sex and if she realizes how turned on he was, he will only confirm that. 
Maddox wondered, at what point did he turn into a masochist? How can he be turned on in this situation? 
Sure, Tatiana is a Goddess, and this was the most skin-to-skin contact he got from her, and her skin was smooth, and her scent of strawberries was delicious, and she had curves in all the right places, but still… he was not allowed to touch her beyond this carrying. 
Maddox knew that Tatiana was playing some game again, and he had no idea what the game was, but he was painfully aware that he was failing miserably. 
Maddox was glad that Caden was leading the way because Maddox didn't need to think about the direction beyond simply following Caden. 
Tatiana leaned onto Maddox completely and she pressed her palm against his firm pecs. She silently marveled his physique. 
Every muscle on his body curved seductively, in a silent promise of many carnal pleasures. 
How is it possible for a man to be so hard? 
She never touched an Alpha before, and she knew that humans don't compare to werewolves, but she thought that Alphas are only a bit more muscular than regular werewolves. 
Tatiana wondered if he was bigger everywhere. 
Tatiana's face turned red when she realized that this was her mate, and soon she WILL find out how big he is down there. 
Ah! Was she getting aroused? 
Tatiana squirmed in Maddox's arms. 
Maddox cursed internally. It was already difficult to hold her like that and not go crazy, yet she started moving around and rubbing on him? What's her problem? 
"Are you alright?" 
Tatiana reluctantly looked up to meet Maddox's gaze and she could see the moment when his nostrils flared, and his eyes widened. Could he smell her arousal? 
Tatiana swallowed hard. "I… I…" She was not sure what to say. Should she just tell him that she was fine and that she wanted to roll in the grass with him right there? They can tell Caden to scram. 
"Caden!", Maddox exclaimed. "Can we hurry up? Tanya is all red. I'm afraid something is wrong." 
Tatiana was not sure if she should laugh or cry. Maddox noticed that something was off with her, but instead of thinking that she wants him, he assumed she was ill. Before she could say anything, Maddox broke into a run. 
This will be harder than she thought. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Caden entered the pack hospital first and spotted Travis waiting for them with four nurses by his side. 
Caden explained that woman who nearly drowned was Maddox's mate (aka soon-to-be Luna of the Blue River pack), and she was also the eldest sister of Kalina (aka the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack), and that she was a guest of the Dark Howlers pack. 
With such a background, Travis knew that slightest negligence could cause unimaginable consequences, so Travis called a squad of warriors to be ready to ensure safety. 
The image of Maddox walking into the pack hospital with Tatiana in his arms was impressive and everyone stopped to gape at them. 
Maddow was tall and muscular, and Tatiana's toned body matched him perfectly. 
But more than their captivating visual, it was the majestic aura that spread around them. There was immense power with a hint of arrogance that told everyone Maddox and Tatiana were important individuals. 
"Alpha Maddox, Miss Wilkow", Travis greeted them respectfully. "I am Doctor Travis. We prepared a wheelchair…" 
"No need.", Tatiana interrupted him. "I want Max to carry me." She really didn't want to let go of him. Somehow, she could feel his discomfort and she feared that he might escape. 
Maddox cocked an eyebrow at her. "How will they examine you like this?" 
Tatiana looked at him with big puppy eyes. "You want to let me go?" 
Maddox's brows came together. What's with that choice of words? 
"Be good, Tanya. This is the hospital, and Doctor is here to make sure you are well." Seeing that her face fell, Maddox quickly added, "I won't leave your side." 
Tatiana gave him a small nod and he lowered her in the wheelchair. 
The moment Maddox straightened his posture, he realized that Tatiana was exposed. "Do you have some clothes?" She was only in a bikini, and he saw those warriors gaping at her! And he didn't trust the Doctor either. 
The nurse swiftly got a hospital gown and Maddox nodded in approval when he saw that Tatiana was covered up. 
It was Tatiana's turn to frown. "Can you get one for him also?", she asked Travis while gesturing toward Maddox. 
Maddox couldn't believe this. Why would he wear a hospital gown? Surely, Tatiana was not bothered that those nurses stole glances at him, right? Or was she repulsed to see his body? 
No one ever complained about his body, but no one slapped him before either. There were many first with Tatiana. 
No matter what Tatiana's reasons were, Maddox was an Alpha, and his torso was frequently exposed. She should get used to it! 
"I'm not a patient.", Maddox said stiffly and grabbed the wheelchair to push it. Before Tatiana could complain, he asked Travis, "Which way?" 
Tatiana wanted to say how that was injustice, why should she cover up while he lets all those women to gape at him? But she swallowed those words back. After all, Maddox agreed to accompany her, and he didn't seem thrilled about it, so she should take this slowly. 
Talia said that it goes both ways and Tatiana already decided to give them a chance, so here it is. Compromise. It's the most she did so far for any relationship. 
The tests didn't take long, and other than for x-rays, Maddox was by Tatiana's side all the time. 
Nurses helped Tatiana settle in one of the VIP rooms before making themselves scarce. 
"The results should be ready soon. In half an hour…", Travis paused as his eyes lost focus. It was Caden. 
Travis cleared his throat. "At least an hour. Probably longer. Until then, try to rest. Let us know if you need anything." He turned to Maddox. "Alpha Maddox, when mates are close, our healing rate increases." With that, Travis left the room. 
"I have pack-related things to handle.", Caden mumbled a universal excuse and followed after Travis. 
Maddox stilled when he realized that it was only him and Tatiana in the room. She was lying on the hospital bed, and he was standing in the middle of the room that was filled with the impossibly addictive scent of strawberries. 
This will be difficult. Should he also leave? But he promised to stay by her side. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 316 - Seducing Alpha Maddox (2)
Tatiana focused mightily to look Maddox in the eyes, but it was difficult because he was wearing only swim trunks and his glorious body was on full display. 
Why was he standing in the middle of the room without saying anything? He was looking left and right, like those medical machines and the view outside the window were more interesting than she was. 
He was her mate, damnit! Shouldn't he be all over her? 
Was he ignoring her on purpose? 
To make things worse, the whole room smelled of delicious coffee and she really wanted some. 
Tatiana knew that those were the urges fueled by her wolf side. 
Tatiana lived among humans, and she learned to suppress her animalistic urges in order to blend it. It came in handy to appear human in order to deal with customers and models without snapping someone's neck, but this was different. 
Such a way of living nearly cost her a mate. A real soulmate. Like in the movies where a man and a woman fall in love and live happily ever after. 
Will everything be perfect just because they were mates? Of course, not. Every relationship requires hard work and dedication. 
However, the fact that they were fated mates meant they will accept each other unconditionally. Maddox will be the most outstanding man in her eyes, and he will see her in a similar light. If any of them thinks of cheating, the other one will know. 
Maddox was not human, and neither was she. 
Human rules don't apply to them, and it took her near-drowning experience to realize that. 
Tatiana decided to give her wolf side a chance and see how things go. 
"Max?", Tatiana called. 
"Yes?", Maddox responded. 
"Why don't you come here?", Tatiana asked. 
"I am here." 
'Bastard!', Tatiana cursed internally. She was not sure if he was set on getting back at her or if he was really so dense. But she was determined to make this work, so she persisted, "Closer." 
Maddox puffed his cheeks and moved to the side. 
"No, no…", Tatiana said quickly when she saw that he grabbed a chair. "Come here." 
Maddox stared at her hand that was patting the mattress next to Tatiana. 
"You want me on the bed, with you?", he asked in disbelief. 
Does that mean what he thinks it means? 
Maddox quickly shook those thoughts away. Nothing with Tatiana was ever easy. She was probably playing some game again. 
"Didn't you hear what the Doctor said? I will heal faster if you are close.", Tatiana responded. 
She didn't understand, why was he hesitating? He was so eager to get frisky so far, yet now that she was calling him to share the bed, he is looking at her like she spoke a foreign language. 
Maddox narrowed his eyes. Did she want him close only so that she can heal, and after that, she will discard him? 
Maddox really wanted to jump on that bed next to Tatiana and to cuddle forever (and do much more than cuddling), but his lifelong experiences taught him not to trust a person who harmed him. 
They met that morning, and instead of embracing this whole mate thing, Tatiana pushed him away more than once on the same day! He would be a fool to just trust her again, but every fiber of his body screamed for her proximity. 
Rejecting this request for closeness would be foolish, even though it might be a trap. But what if it's a trap that will only make him sink deeper? 
Maddox gritted his teeth. Everyone talks about finding a mate as something extraordinary, yet for him, it was full of uncertainty, and he hated it, but he couldn't walk away either… not when his Goddess was calling him to get into the touching distance, and it was just the two of them in the room. Privacy. 
For the first time in a long time, Maddox was not sure what to do. 
He could go next to her but what will be next? 
Maddox knew that he will get aroused and want to kiss and fondle her, and she will probably call him a caveman again. Or can he go there and behave? It will be the biggest test of his willpower. 
Eventually, Maddox released a slow breath and moved closer to the bed. 
The moment he sat on the edge of the bed, Tatiana scooted on the side and lifted the cover, exposing her body that had a loose hospital gown on it, but Maddox knew that there is a skimpy bikini under it, and then her glorious body. 
Maddox swallowed hard. "What?" 
Tatiana rolled her eyes. "Don't make me beg for it, Max. Come here." 
Maddox's insides jolted. There was that word. Beg. 
Maddox never cared for any word in particular, but since Damon said that Maddox should beg for Tatiana's forgiveness, that word became something nasty that shouldn't be used. 
"I will never expect you to beg for anything, Tanya.", Maddox said seriously. "Not from me and not from anyone else. But I hope you will clearly tell me what you want." 
Tatiana appreciated that. "I want you in the bed with me. Now." 
Maddox steeled his resolve and laid flat on his back in slow motion like the mattress was made out of eggshells. 
He stiffened when Tatiana stuck to him, and she even pulled the cover over both of them. 
Her breath fanned his chest and his hair stood on ends. 
The thin hospital gown separated their bodies under the cover, but he could still feel the sparks of their bond dancing over his skin. 
And their legs were interlaced. It was skin to skin! 
Maddox tried thinking about something else to distract himself from the overwhelming arousal that swelled in a second. 
Saggy breasts… quarterly expenses report for the pack… deplumed chickens… broccoli… 
No matter how horrid images he conjured in his mind, it didn't work. His erection pitched a tent and he hoped that Tatiana will focus on his face or at least not call him a caveman again. 
Tatiana was frustrated. He was obviously aroused, and she was clinging to him. Why did this look like she was hugging a statue? 
"Max?" 
"Hmm?" 
"Are you really just going to lie like that?" 
Maddox didn't get it. Was she chasing him away already? He didn't do anything! "Like what?" 
"Like a dead person." 
Maddox was confused. "And how do you want me to lie?" 
"Aren't I your mate? Don't you want to hug me and", Tatiana's voice stopped abruptly when Maddox turned sideways to face her. 
"Say that again.", Maddox said anxiously. 
Did he hear her right? Did she say that she wanted him to hug her? 
Tatiana blinked rapidly. She was not sure if she can keep up with his mood changes. "Is there something wrong?" 
"I don't know. You tell me. So far, when I hold you, you pull back. When I want intimacy, you call me a caveman. I remember clearly that you said sex was off the table. So how about you explain to me what you want? You want hugs? How about kisses? Is touching above waist level allowed? I need to know what all is acceptable so I don't offend you again." Because every time you push back, I am dying on the inside. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 317 - Seducing Alpha Maddox (3)
"Max, I…", Tatiana paused. She was not sure how to respond to Maddox's sudden emotional outpour but she knew that her actions really hurt him. 
His eyes were angry and disappointed, and there was some anticipation as well, but the most striking was the strength of his insecurities that reached her through their mate bond and she couldn't look at him. 
Tatiana leaned closer and rested her forehead on Maddox's chest. 
"I want to thank you for saving me." 
"No need.", Maddox said curtly. "I did what should be done. If you want me here only as a thank you, I should leave." 
Tatiana's arms tightened around him. "No. Don't go. It's not that." 
"Then what is it?" 
"Damn it, Max!", Tatiana snapped. "I said, thank you. Can't you just say, you are welcome, and we will be done with pleasantries?" 
"What happens after pleasantries are over?", Maddox asked reluctantly. 
Tatiana shrugged. "I don't know. How about… we start over?" 
Maddox's eyebrows shot up. "Does that mean you are over what happened…" 
He stopped talking when Tatiana put her fingers over his lips. "Can you not talk about it? Please?" 
"Only if you promise not to bring it up again." 
"I can do that." 
Maddox smiled a little. "So… are we good?" 
"I don't know. You tell me.", Tatiana said. 
Maddox's eyes anxiously roamed over Tatiana's face, like he was expecting to find something unpleasant. 
He was not certain if this was real or if she was up to something, and he needed to make sure which one is it before he makes a move that can earn him another slap. 
Tatiana couldn't believe that Maddox was not moving. He was so close that his coffee-infused breath fanned her lips, yet he didn't close that minuscule distance. 
"Max, this is a good time for a kiss." 
Maddox really wanted to kiss her, but he also wanted to relish this moment a bit longer. She just asked for a kiss! How can he just give in? Won't she consider him easy to get? 
"Khm…", Maddox cleared his throat. "It depends." 
Tatiana paused. "On?" 
"Will you slap me after that?" 
"It depends.", Tatiana said dryly. 
"On?" 
"Are you hiding women around here?" 
Maddox's lips twitched. "This is your room. So, if any woman pops out, you are the one hiding her." 
Tatiana stifled a giggle. "I thought we agreed that we won't mention what happened this morning." 
"You started it.", Maddox reminded her. 
"Technically, you started when you…" The rest of Tatiana's words were swallowed in a kiss. 
Maddox kissed her hungrily, like he was starving for her forever. 
He was sucking her lips and nipping, and then his tongue made its way into Tatiana's mouth and her toes curled involuntarily. It was that good. 
No one ever kissed her that way, and this was much more than just lips on lips. It was the scent and the flavor, and tongue, and the way his arms held her against his firm body, and it was all amplified by delicious sparks of their bond that rewired her brain. 
'BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!' 
The machines Tatiana was attached to started beeping loudly due to her increased heart rate, and Maddox and Tatiana broke the kissing frenzy in order to swiftly yank the attachments off her arms and chest. There was no need for any of that and neither of them wanted to be disturbed. 
The moment noise from machines stopped, Maddox and Tatiana plunged onto each other, lips first. 
Tatiana moaned into his mouth when his hands moved under her hospital gown with urgency. 
His palms left behind fiery traces on her skin that were charged with addictive sparks which made her crave for more, much more of Maddox. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
What the couple didn't know was that their action caused a disturbance in the room for monitoring patients. 
"Doctor Travis!", a nurse called with urgency to get his attention and she waved frantically at the monitors that were flashing. 
Travis looked at the screen that showed Tatiana's vitals going haywire and then it all stopped. Can a werewolf suffer from heart failure? It certainly looked like it. 
Caden told him not to disturb Alpha Maddox and his Luna, but this looked like an emergency. 
If anything happens to the Luna of the Blue River pack on his watch, Travis wouldn't be able to explain himself. Just stopping medical practice won't be enough because they might exterminate his whole family. 
By the time Travis finished his thoughts, he was at the door of the VIP room. 
"Aaaah!", Tatiana screamed while pulling the cover to her chest level when she realized that they have an audience. 
Tatiana's hospital gown was somewhere on the floor and Maddox pushed her bikini top higher, exposing her breasts. His lips were an inch from Tatiana's hard nipple, ready to suck on it, and things were going great, but then she pushed him away and screamed. 
Normally, bare breasts are not a big deal for she-wolves, but Tatiana spent many years among humans, and Travis showed up unexpectedly, and she ended up screaming like a shy teenage girl. How embarrassing. 
Travis' eyes landed on the cables and attachments lying on the floor haphazardly and he understood what happened. 
"Get out!", Maddox growled at Travis. 
Travis cursed his luck. Why did this look like déjà vu? 
And what's with Alphas getting frisky in the hospital? This is a place for sick people and not a love hotel! 
Travis gritted his teeth, and he grabbed the door handle to steady himself as Maddox's murderous aura washed over him. 
"Miss Tatiana is fine. You can leave the pack hospital anytime.", Travis said with difficulty and moved to leave the room. 
"Wait!", Maddox called. He exhaled a sharp breath while pulling back his Alpha aura. 
He was pleasantly surprised to see that Tatiana was not affected and he wondered if that was because she was that strong or maybe the rumor that fated mates can't harm each other was true. In either case, he had a few questions for Doctor Travis. 
"Is she really fine?" 
"Yes.", Travis confirmed. "She is exhausted physically and she suffered a shock. Some rest and relaxation will help her bounce back. Time with her mate will speed up that process." 
"So...", Maddox paused and licked his lips. "Are any activities off-limit for her?" 
Under the cover, Tatiana pinched Maddox's waist harshly. She knew very well what activities he was talking about, and Doctor Travis would be stupid not to figure out that Maddox was talking about sex. 
Travis cleared his throat awkwardly and looked at Tatiana who hid her discomfort behind a stiff smile. "Miss Tatiana, you can engage in any activity, however, listen to your body. If anything seems too strenuous, slow down." 
Tatiana nodded in agreement and when Maddox confirmed that he had no other questions, Travis left the room. 
The door closed behind Travis and Maddox turned to Tatiana in slow motion. 
Against all odds, Maddox hoped that the mood was not ruined. 
Damned doctor! 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 318 - Seducing Alpha Maddox (4)
Tatiana was aroused like crazy from their previous make-out session, but she knew that this was not the place. Other than doctors, there are nurses and guards, as much as she was carried away by the mood a minute ago, after this interruption by Doctor Travis, Tatiana didn't want to go further with all the audience. 
"How about we go to the packhouse?", Tatiana asked Maddox. 
Maddox's eyes lit up. Should they go to the packhouse? Yes, yes! No! Wait! What if she changes her mind until they reach there? 
He really didn't want Tatiana to change her mind, but the mood was ruined already, and he couldn't say any of those because she won't like hearing how horny he was. 
How could she miss his internal struggle? 
"Max…", Tatiana called softly. "You need to stop overthinking things." 
Maddox's brows came together in a frown. "When I didn't think, things didn't turn well." 
Tatiana agreed, but she had another point. "That's because others were interfering. I believe that when it's just the two of us, and we do what our instincts are telling us, things are going rather well. And right now…" She licked her lips and gave him a meaningful look. "My instincts are telling me to find privacy. Somewhere we won't be disturbed. Just the two of us." 
Tatiana thought that he will respond, but Maddox was lost in a daze while staring into her eyes. 
She could feel the inexplicable energy rippling from him, and her smile fell. It was feral and unrestrained, and she felt power and danger. "Max? What's going on?" 
His fangs were elongating as his wolf wanted to claim his mate. Maddox was never so close to losing control and giving in to the urges that his wolf amplified. 
"Tanya… I really want to claim you as mine." 
Tatiana's breath hitched. She knew that he was talking about more than just carnal pleasures. He was talking about marking as well. 
The marking will bind their souls forever as one, and it will intertwine their destinies. At least that's what the legends say. It included his fangs sinking into her flesh and him releasing his venom into her system, and after all was done, his mark would appear on her neck, and it will stay there forever. 
Was she ready for it? They met that same day! 
Tatiana didn't know much about Alpha Maddox River. He was stubborn and strong and lusty and inexplicably handsome, but she was aware that she couldn't see her future without him in it. His flavors of coffee were rich and smooth with just the right amount of spice, and she wanted that coffee to be hers and only hers until the end of time. 
"Not here.", she said. "Let's go to the packhouse." 
Maddox's heart thundered against his chest. She didn't say no. 
Maddox scrambled off the bed and extended his arm toward Tatiana. "Let's go." He didn't want to delay it, not even for a minute. 
Tatiana's eyes were stuck to the huge erection that was stretching his swimming trunks. 
Maddox cleared his throat awkwardly and blocked her view with his free hand. "Sorry about that. You were right. I am a caveman." 
Tatiana scooted off the bed and put her hand into Maddox's that was still extended for her to take. 
"You are. My caveman." 
Maddox felt like his soul was about to leave his body. She just claimed him as hers! 
He would say something nice, but her bikini top was still pushed up and he ended up staring stupidly at her breasts. Those were wonderful breasts. He really wanted to suck on them. 
Tatiana rolled her eyes and adjusted her bikini. Did he drool a little? 
When she assessed herself as presentable, Tatiana said, "Let's go." 
"AAAH!", she screamed when Maddox scooped her in his arms and he rushed through the pack hospital, over the parking lot, into the forest… straight toward the packhouse. 
For the ones who didn't know what was going on, they would imagine that some serious emergency was going on. Why else would an Alpha run like a madman with a woman in his arms? 
Tatiana's arms were around Maddox's neck and she rested her head on his shoulder. Even with all the running, his upper body was unusually steady and she had a pleasant ride. 
She was taking deep breaths to inhale the addictive scent of coffee, the one she will never get bored of, and she loved how he carried her with ease like she weighs nothing. 
Tatiana knew that they have a lot to talk about. Both of them were grownups with many responsibilities, but she decided to leave all that for later. 
Today she found her mate, and that was a big deal. Her instincts told her that the priority was for them to give in to their urges to get closer and seal the bond, and everything else will need to wait. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maddox climbed onto the second floor of the packhouse two steps at a time, and he was happy that they didn't bump into anyone because he was NOT in a mood to chat. There was only one thing on his mind, and it included ravishing the Goddess that was in his arms. 
"STOP!", Tatiana shouted when he took a right turn on the second floor. 
Maddox froze in place. Now what? Did she change her mind already? 
Damn it! He was running from the pack hospital to here, but it seems he was not fast enough. 
"My room.", Tatiana said, and his lips stretched into a grin. 
At that point, he just knew it. They will have sex, and it will come with an exorbitant amount of earth-shattering orgasms! 
But first thing first… "Which one is your room?" 
Tatiana giggled. "Third door on the right." 
Maddox closed the door with a kick and walked straight toward the bed. 
Tatiana's smile widened as he lowered her on the silky comforter and before he could climb on the bed next to her, she placed a hand on his chest. 
"Wait.", she said. "I want to see you." 
Maddox straightened up and realized that Tatiana's index finger was pointing at his swim trunks and that small movement downward indicated that he should remove them. 
Well, Maddox was never shy to get naked, so that stretchy piece of fabric was on the floor within a second. 
Tatiana's eyes widened as she took in his naked form. 
Everywhere she looked there were muscles, like a statue of a Greek God that came alive except for one part. Those statues have small cocks, and Maddox's size was impressive. 
Her heart rate increased. This exquisite specimen was her mate. Isn't she a lucky woman? 
Maddox noticed Tatiana's gaze, and he puffed his chest arrogantly. It was obvious that his mate was admiring his physique and he couldn't wait to introduce her to endless pleasures his body can provide. 
Tatiana's index finger rotated, and Maddox turned around to show her the view of his muscular back and perfect ass. 
Like a real model, Maddox lifted his arms, demonstrating the majestic way his muscles rippled as he moved. 
He knew that Tatiana was observing every inch of his body, and he could feel that she approved. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 319 - War Of Egos (1)
Maddox continued his rotation with the goal to let Tatiana see his naked glory from every angle, and his eyebrows shoot up when he realized that Tatiana scooted to sit on the edge of the bed. 
Tatiana was staring at his cock that was standing in attention. It was curling slightly upward, and she could imagine that it will hit her G-spot perfectly while rearranging her insides. 
Damn! She was already aroused to the point of losing her inhibitions. Not that she had many, to begin with, but those few she had were gone. 
Tatiana really wanted to caress Maddox's muscles while riding his massive cock wildly. And it was more than just his majestic body, it was his confidence that told her he knows how to please a woman. 
But there was no way Tatiana would just give in without a fight. As a strong, independent woman, she was eager to show him that she can hold her own weight. 
"Come closer.", she called. 
Maddox swallowed hard. Her hungry gaze told him what she wanted. She wanted him and he had no ions, but why did it look like she was about to eat him up, and he was the meal? 
It was supposed to be the other way around, damn it! 
Maddox wanted to protest and to show her who will be on the top, but his body moved on its own and his insides shook when her hot palm wrapped around his shaft. The touch came with addictive sparks that jolted his nerve endings and his legs almost gave in. 
Tatiana started slowly pumping his shaft with her right hand and she cupped his balls with her left one and then she looked up to see his unfocused gaze directed at her. 
She had him in the palm of her hand. Literally. And she loved every minute of it. 
Tatiana focused on his cock. It was big and hot and full of veins, and the thought of him filling her up made her arousal swell through the roof. 
Maddox couldn't believe that this was happening. His Goddess was jerking him off and her hot breath fanned his cock. He knew that she will take him into her mouth soon and he couldn't wait for that strawberry-infused experience. 
When was he this easily dazed by a woman? Never! Maddox was always in charge, yet now he ended up standing helplessly like an ignoramus. How can he look at his Goddess in the eyes? 
He needed to snap out of it and show her endless pleasures that will make her addicted and she will never think again about opposing him. 
Maddox bit the inside of his cheek to get out of his lustful daze and his sight fell on the side table where a box with paper tissues was. He reached to get one. 
Tatiana inhaled the scent of his precum which glistened on his tip. Coffee with just a hint of manly muskiness. How is it possible for a man to smell that good? 
She paused at the sight of Maddox wiping his mouth with a tissue. 
"What are you doing?", Tatiana asked. 
Maddox cocked an eyebrow at her. "Didn't you say that you want me to be a gentleman? As a gentleman, I am ensuring that your seat is clean." 
Tatiana gaped at him while wondering what nonsense he was talking about. 
Maddox pried his cock out of her hold and only when he laid flat on the bed did she understand the meaning of his words. He was wiping her seat… he wanted her to sit on his face. Just the thought of that sent another wave of heat to her crotch area. 
"Come here…", Maddox called, and it was his turn to lick his lips. "I want to confirm if the rest of you tastes of strawberries, and you can continue what you were about to do. Assuming that you can do anything other than moan my name while I eat you up." He added this last part cheekily. 
Tatiana was not moving and the only sign she heard him was the redness that invaded her cheeks. 
Was she so aroused or flustered? She was not sure, but the intensity of Maddox's gaze left her breathless and somehow she knew that she was about to embark on a ride of a lifetime. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
Maddox propped himself on the elbow and cupped her cheek in his palm. 
"Is my mate shy? Will it be easier if I'm on top? We can start with missionary, if that will help break the ice." 
His cocky smirk challenged her, and Tatiana blinked a few times rapidly. Shy? Her? Never! 
She will make him come in a minute, and then she will tease him about it forever! 
Maddox could feel Tatiana's determination rising, and he couldn't wait to see what will come out of it. 
She got on her knees next to him on the bed, and he watched as she removed her bikini top in slow motion. 
Maddox always loved big-breasts, the ones that spill between his fingers when he gives them a squeeze, but now he realized how that was wrong. Tatiana's breasts were not small, but they were not huge either, somehow… they were perfect. Tatiana redefined his idea of a perfect woman and he forgot all of his previous preferences. 
If anyone asked him what's his type of woman, he would respond with two words: Tatiana Wilkow. 
Tatiana moved and Maddox was quick to plop on his back. He thought that she will straddle him with her pussy above his face, but she remained on his side and took him into her mouth. 
"Ahhh…", A shaky inhale was heard from Maddox. It was not manly at all, but Tatiana started sucking mercilessly and her tongue danced around his shaft perfectly. 
After only a few raging heartbeats she deepthroated him, and Maddox's eyes rolled at the back of his head. 
"Fuck!", Maddox squeezed through his teeth. Everything she did was amazing, but if he lets her have her way, he will come in less than a minute and that will be a stain on his image for the years to come. 
Maddox reached to the side and grabbed her hips. He lifted her with ease and positioned her above his face with her legs around him. 
Tatiana thought that he will struggle to remove her bikini bottom, but she didn't expect he will rip it outright. The fabric didn't provide any resistance to Maddox's strength. 
His eyes rested on her drenched folds that were hovering above his face, and he spread them with his index finger and thumb to get a better view of his target. 
His hand snaked around her waist at the same time he raised his head. His nose almost touched her as he took a deep breath. Strawberries. The most delicious kind. 
He looked down to see the sight of Tatiana sucking him off. That was perfectly centered between her breasts that were touching his firm abs, and the whole experience was out of this world. 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 320 - War Of Egos (2) [Bonus ]
Maddox groaned as Tatiana's every move tugged on his nerve endings and pushed him closer to the rapture he really wanted to plunge into, but not before she does. 
He needed to divert his attention, or he will really come too quickly. 
With that thought, Maddox buried his face at the cradle of Tatiana's thighs, and he started lapping her strawberry-infused pussy. 
She was wet and hot and soft, and she definitely tasted much better than he thought. Everything about Tatiana was perfect and he groaned into her flesh, vibrations of his voice shooting straight into her pleasure centers. 
At the sudden invasion, Tatiana moaned with Maddox's cock in her mouth. 
He was caressing her clit with mighty strokes of his tongue and his nose was poking at her entrance and Tatiana couldn't believe how quickly her orgasm was building up. 
His every touch was charged with sparks that jolted her nerve endings, it was like his flesh came with a built-in vibrator, and she realized that her mate was made of sin. 
Will she ever want to get out of bed? As long as Maddox was in it, she was staying right there! Forever! 
Maddox noticed that Tatiana's movements became unsteady, and he grinned victoriously. He knew that she was getting there faster than he was. 
In the next moment, Tatiana swallowed, and Maddox groaned when that sudden pressure sent him into overdrive. His cock was right there, feeling her tongue squeezing and caressing! 
Damn it! At this rate, he will really come first. 
He was not ready to admit defeat! 
His lips latched around her clit, and he started sucking. 
With the last bit of her fighting spirit, Tatiana's shaky hand that caressed his balls moved a bit and she pressed a spot behind his scrotum. That small action sent a bolt of lighting through Maddox's body and his ass buckled at the same time Tatiana's body arched, and they both released unintelligible sounds as one orgasm amplified another. 
He held her quivering body and continued stroking her with his tongue as he shot his hot seed directly into her throat. 
Maddox heard her moaning and cursing, and his pride swelled. His Goddess was satisfied with his service, and they only scratched the surface. 
Maddox flipped Tatiana to lay next to him and they both had silly grins on their faces. 
It was an obvious tie, but each of them thought they won. In a way, they did. 
Tatiana stifled a laugh at the sight of Maddox's face that was glistening from her juices. Even his nose was shiny. 
"You should wipe my seat. It got messy." 
"This?" He pointed at his lips that grinned at her. "This is all you, doll. I'm keeping it as a permanent accessory." 
Tatiana rolled her eyes and stretched over him to grab a tissue. 
Maddox laid obediently as she wiped his face. He really liked the feeling of her bare body pressing on his and he couldn't wait to get on top of her. 
"Do you like me serving you?", Tatiana asked playfully. 
Yes! He loved everything about Tatiana, as long as she was not pushing him away. 
Instead of answering her question, Maddox's arms wrapped around her, and he gave her a long kiss that took her breath away. 
The delightful sparks prickled their skin wherever they touched, which was a big area at this point. 
Tatiana responded to Maddox's kisses while melding into him. His right hand was fisting her hair and holding her in place, and his left one drew small circles with the tips of his fingers on her back, and that combination of force and gentleness did funny things with her stomach. 
Maddox and Tatiana were completely naked, holding each other, and kissing. It was sensual, intimate, and full of unspoken emotions that were blooming within them. 
They could feel their bond becoming stronger, like a two-way highway which allowed them to communicate without a word spoken and confirm how both were completely immersed in the moment and they wanted to stay like that forever. 
… 
-- This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author -- 
... 
After an unknown measure of time, Maddox broke the kiss and looked into her eyes intently and she could feel that he was about to say something important. 
"Tatiana Wilkow…", he called in a deep voice that shook her insides. "I want to make you mine in every way possible. I want to mark you. Do you have any ions?" 
Tatiana wanted to say something snarky or to tease him a bit, but the sincerity of his emotions washed over her, and the stubborn Alpha actually asked for her opinion, and she ended up saying, "How can I deny my mate what is his?" 
She wanted them to seal the bond also. That's what her wolf side wanted, and Tatiana decided not to oppose it. 
Maddox needed a moment to process this information. Tatiana gave him her consent! 
His hold on her tightened as they were lying side-by-side and he started trailing kisses along her jaw, moving lower down her neck, and when he reached the base of her neck, his lips latched to suck on her there. 
Tatiana gripped his shoulders and exhaled shakily. That was such a sensitive spot, and she could feel her wolf stirring with pleasure. 
Her wolf never cared for Tatiana's previous boyfriends, and now that the attraction she felt toward Maddox got a boost, Tatiana was overwhelmed with emotions, like an enamored teenage girl who was experiencing her first crush. 
Maddox lifted his head and smiled at Tatiana's flushed expression. 
"This is our first time, so I will give you a choice.", he said. "How do you want me?" 
Tatiana didn't need to think about this. "I want to be on top." 
Maddox's eyebrow twitched. Out of so many positions, why did she want to be on the top? OK. That's not all bad, but it gives her control, and this was about him pleasuring her, damn it! 
"What's your next favorite?", Maddox asked. 
Tatiana blinked. "Is there something wrong with me being on the top?" 
Maddox had a feeling that if he says, yes, it will escalate into an argument, and he really didn't want to argue. Not now. 
"There is nothing wrong, but…" 
"Then it's fine.", she cut him off. 
Before Maddox could react, he was on his back with Tatiana straddling him. 
"Wait, wait!", he exclaimed. He did not agree to be on the bottom the first time! 
"What!?", she exclaimed impatiently. Before he could respond, Tatiana started grinding on him and spreading her juices over his hot and hard shaft. 
The sparks were firing up between them like crazy and she was confident that she can come within a minute just like that. 
"He wants me.", she said cockily while glancing at his erection. 
"I want you also.", Maddox responded breathily. But it would be better if she gets under him! 
"Then you should relax and…", Tatiana stopped talking when she saw the movement at the door with her peripheral vision and her head whipped that way. "Lina?" 
--- 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 321 - War Of Egos (3) [Bonus ]
Chapter 321 – War Of Egos (3) [Bonus ]
Kalina stood at the door frozen and stared at the carpet. She didn't mean to peep, but her sister noticed her before she made her exit. Now what? 
Kalina fidgeted awkwardly while trying to figure out what to say. "I heard you are back from the hospital and came to check how you are doing." 
"And you just came in without knocking?", Tatiana asked angrily. 
"I knocked." 
"And you got in without permission!?", Tatiana's voice was rising. 
"Well… I heard voices and I thought…" She couldn't pick up the words, but it definitely sounded like a conversation. How was she supposed to know they were naked and going at it? Who has discussions in the middle of coitus!? 
Kalina was irritated. Why was Tatiana looking at her like she did something unforgivable? "Why are you shouting at me? Why didn't you come and tell me that you are fine? You should know that I'm worried sick about you! You nearly drowned!" And now you are having sex! "If you wanted privacy, you should have locked the door! And it's not like I didn't see this already!" 
"What's going on there?", Mindy's voice came from behind Kalina, and she stuck her head to see inside. 
Caden told everyone that Maddox and Tatiana were back from the hospital, and Mindy and Kalina came to check how Tatiana was doing. 
Sure, there was a chance that Maddox was in Tatiana's room, but who would think that they would get frisky from the moment Tatiana returned from the hospital, only hours after she was drowning!? 
Mindy's eyebrows shoot up at the scene of Tatiana and Maddox naked on the bed with Tatiana on top. But the most shocking part was that Maddox covered his face with his palm while Tatiana's hips didn't stop moving. 
They only needed Talia to repeat the incident from the Lightclaw pack when three of them ended up seeing Maddox busy with an Omega, with the difference that positions were switched. 
"We can see that you are fine so we will make our exit.", Mindy said while pulling Kalina backward. Was there any point in explaining things now? 
With spectators out of the room, Tatiana looked at Maddox whose hand was over his face. 
"What did Lina mean by, she saw this already?" Tatiana was confident that her baby sister never walked in on her. Until now. 
"You don't want to know.", Maddox grumbled. 
"I do." 
Maddox frowned at the jealousy he could feel simmering in Tatiana. "I didn't sleep with your sister." 
Good! If Maddox and Kalina had sex, Tatiana wouldn't be able to stomach it. But… "What did she see then?" 
"I was with someone else. Happy now?" 
"How can I be happy to hear that my mate shagged someone else, and my sister was watching!?" 
Maddox was exasperated. Kalina was not watching, she barged in! But if he continues talking about it, they will only fight. "If I don't say it, it's a problem. If I say it, it's a problem. Is there any way we can end this conversation without arguing?" And if Tatiana stopped grinding on him, he would be able to focus. 
"Will it kill you to be nice?" 
"Nice? You asked me a question. I am being nice by not lying to you." 
"Great! So now it's my fault!", Tatiana snapped. "I remember your promise that I will lose my voice. Who would have known that I will lose my voice due to arguing?" 
"AHH!", Tatiana shrieked when Maddox moved swiftly, and she fell flat on the bed with Maddox on top of her. 
Tatiana stared into his eyes that were dark and unfathomable, and she knew that this was not just any other guy. This was Alpha Maddox River, a real Alpha, the one that doesn't take a no for an answer, and even though her impulse was to challenge him and not submit, she could feel wetness pooling at the cradle of her thighs. 
His nostrils flared and an annoying smirk appeared at the corner of his lips, and she knew that he could sense her body betraying her. 
No matter how much she wanted to resist him manhandling her, she couldn't deny the obvious. She was aroused by the idea of a strong and powerful man having his way with her. And this was not any other man. This was her mate, and she knew that he will make her feel good. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
"What are you doing?", her words were choppy because she could feel the inexplicable energy radiating from him; it left her breathless and created butterflies in her stomach. It was primal and wild, and the attraction was impossible to resist. 
"I'm going to do good on that promise, Tanya…", Maddox said in a low voice. "I am going to fuck you and I'm going to mark you and you are going to love it." 
Tatiana forgot how to breathe. 
She wanted him. Badly. 
Maddox never felt anything like it. It was like his only mission in life was to copulate with the woman under him. 
He knew that his wolf was influencing his reasoning and actions, and he was surprised by the intensity of emotions that overwhelmed him. 
Maddox wanted to possess Tatiana and dominate her and there was additional joy in knowing that this strong woman was not rejecting him. She was not submissive, but her behavior told him that she will submit as long as he manages to satisfy her. 
His hips moved as his shaft glided between her drenched folds and Tatiana's head plopped backward into the pillows. 
The sparks shot all over her body, and with his body pressing on hers, this was so much better than what they did before. 
Tatiana dug her heels in the back of his muscular thighs, silently urging him to get inside her. 
The range of his motions increased, and she could feel his tip rubbing on her clit, and then he gripped her hip as she felt the pressure against her entrance. 
Tatiana's mouth was open in a silent scream as her insides stretched to accommodate his length, and she thought that she might pass out from the intensity of sparks that left her breathless, and her heart thundered against her chest like it wanted to come out. 
This was another level of intimacy she never experienced before, and she couldn't believe it was getting better with every glorious inch of him that was reaching into the depths no one ever explored before. 
"You feel fucking fantastic…", Maddox groaned, and a moment later she felt his palms rubbing her cheeks. 
What was he doing? Why was she wet there? Was she crying? 
Her whole body hummed in pleasure as the sensation was out of this world, and there was no reason to cry whatsoever. Actually, she was genuinely happy. Was this her wolf being happy because she was with her mate? Silly wolf. 
– – – 
Author's note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the WebNovel platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission!
###Chapter 322 - War Of Egos (4)
Chapter 322 – War Of Egos (4)
Tatiana wrapped her arms around Maddox's neck and raised her head. He leaned to meet her lips, thinking that she will kiss him, but she ended up biting him. 
The sharp sensation told him that she drew blood, but he didn't hate it. Not even a little bit. 
His mate was a feisty one and it only spurred him further to claim her completely. 
Tatiana gasped as Maddox's hips moved. She was right. That slight curve of his cock enabled him to hit her G-spot. He was made for her. 
Maddox supported his weight on his arms and that height allowed him to observe the Goddess under him. She was perfect, and her most striking feature was her lustful gaze directed at him. 
Normally, Tatiana would close her eyes during sex in order to focus on the friction, but there was no need for that now. She wanted to see him. He was beyond handsome. 
Tatiana was looking at Maddox without any shame, enjoying the sight of his marvelous body arching above her, and she loved the visual of his cock disappearing into her flesh. 
They could see, hear, feel, smell, taste each other. All of their senses contributed to the pleasure of merging into one. It was beyond euphoric, and both of them hoped it will never stop. 
Maddox started thrusting into Tatiana vigorously, each of her moans stirred him to move faster and the fact that her pitch was getting higher by the second told him that she was getting close to her orgasm, just as he was. 
He never came this fast before, but at this point, he didn't care about his manly image of an Alpha who can go for hours, because he knew that Tatiana was right there with him and that was all it counted. 
Maddox got down on his elbows, and he could feel her breasts rubbing on his chest as they moved. This added stimulation made him groan. 
Normally, Maddox would care only about chasing his release with the least amount of skin contact possible, but with Tatiana, he wanted to feel her with every part of his body, and the fact that she hugged him with her arms and legs, told him that she wanted the same. 
He licked his lips before he started sucking and licking her neck, preparing her for what was coming while determining the right spot under the impulses his wolf sent. Lower. A bit to the right. Higher… 
Her fingers dug into his back and her ragged breathing splashed on his ear, acting like a countdown to orgasm that was approaching swiftly. 
"Ah… fuck… ah…", she cried. "Max… ah… mmm…" 
Her voice mixed with the sounds of flesh slapping against flesh, and he was confident that he never heard anything so seductive in his life. 
Tatiana's body tensed under him for a moment, and then she exploded into a shout to the heavens. 
Maddox groaned when her insides coiled around his shaft, giving him that additional stimulation he needed and his movements became jerky as he shoot his hot seed deep inside her. 
His mind was muddled with lust and the euphoric sensation of coming inside Tatiana and he didn't notice that his fangs were out. There, there… that's the spot! 
"AAAAH!", Tatiana cried at the scorching pain that flared from the base of her neck and it was spreading through her system like someone poured lava into her veins. 
It was hurting like hell, and part of her wanted it to stop, but Maddox's body was pinning her to the mattress, and he was still thrusting inside her, and that pain from her neck combined with the otherworldly friction caused by his cock, and she realized that she was reaching another high, one she never experienced before. 
Her nails raked his back as she struggled with her madness. Is she going to lose her mind? Is there such a thing as overdosing on orgasm? 
"AH! MAX!", Tatiana screamed as every muscle in her body convulsed and fireworks exploded in front of her closed eyes and she was confident that her soul left her body. 
Maddox's venom coursed through her body, rewiring her DNA with his Alpha gene, and connecting them in unimaginable ways they were yet to discover. 
Her ears were buzzing blissfully, and she didn't hear him groan as he shot another round of hot seed inside her. 
This time, both of their orgasms were amplified by the bond which was solidified with the mark he just left on her neck. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Tatiana was struggling to catch her breath while Maddox licked the spot where his mark will show. That spot was always sensitive, but now it increased several folds and she ended up twitching whenever his tongue touched her there. 
"Mine… Mine…", he mumbled, and Tatiana stared at the ceiling while wondering what she got herself into as his emotions held her down more than his body that pressed on her. 
Possession. Desire. Belonging. Worship. Protectiveness. 
She never felt anything like it. 
If someone told Tatiana last night that in twenty-four hours she will end up being marked by her mate, she would call that person a liar. 
That morning was a normal one, it started with jetlag and a slight headache. And then she met her mate, and it was love at first sight, and it was like they went through a series of breakups and makeups in a matter of hours, and then she nearly drowned, and now… she was marked by an Alpha. 
Was that a good thing or a bad one? 
Even if it's bad, if it came with all those mind-altering orgasms, she will take it. 
The fact that her smoking-hot mate was a walking, talking pleasure factory was a big bonus and she knew that only Maddox can deliver those sparks that make her feel alive. 
"Are you OK?", Maddox asked. 
"Yeah.", Tatiana responded. 
"Do you feel any different?" 
Did she? His body was pressing on hers, and his cock was inside her, and there were many thoughts and feelings swirling inside her, but most of all, she was happy. 
She didn't know if it was the effect of his mark or the orgasm, but she was unusually energetic. 
Tatiana reached lower and grazed his perfect ass with her meticulously manicured nails. 
"I still have my voice." 
Maddox's eyes flashed with delight. He knew that his Goddess was reminding him that he still didn't fulfill his promise. 
He chuckled and kissed her lips. 
She wanted more of him? He was born ready! It was like his whole life was a practice for this moment, and he was ready to shine. 
"It's a beautiful voice, Tanya…", Maddox murmured. "Made for screaming my name." 
He started rocking his hips. "Say that you are mine." 
One thrust, two, three… 
He stopped moving. "Say it!" 
Tatiana squirmed under him. Why did he stop? Ah, he wanted her to say something. 
At that point, she would say whatever he wanted. 
"I am yours." 
Maddox smirked. "Again." 
"I…", Tatiana gasped when his hips moved a bit. "I am…" She gasped again. "I am yours." She managed to say it all and then Maddox continued his ministrations. 
Tatiana took a mental note to get back at him. How can he use sex to get what he wants? 
But she will do that later. Right now, what was happening was important and it would be a pity to waste all that wonderful sex he was giving her. 
And it was more than sex. With his every thrust, she could feel the invisible bond strengthening between them; something that was unbreakable and more intimate than she ever felt before. It was like he could pry into her deepest secrets, and she could pry into his, and there was no hesitation or fear of judgment or rejection. 
Tatiana opened her arms and embraced the hunky body that was above her, and she also embraced the plethora of emotions that came with it. 
Maddox told her before that he will take care of her, and now that the bond between them was solid, she believed him. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 323 - Mystery Of Talia’s Powers (1)
Chapter 323 – Mystery Of Talia’s Powers (1)
On the third floor of the packhouse, Damon was on the bed and cradling sleeping Talia in his arms. 
After the episode in the lake, Talia was weak and Damon considered taking her to the pack hospital for a checkup, but his wolf told him that her state was the same as when she healed them and that she only needs rest, so he decided to take her to the packhouse. 
In a way, packhouse was a better option because it lowered the risk of anyone finding out what Talia did. 
Damon's wolf told him that he should be close to Talia, because the sparks of their bond have the effect of stimulating not only arousal but healing as well, and Damon had no ions. He didn't want to leave Talia's side. 
Damon used this time of silence to recollect events from the lake. He saw Talia's eyes flickering with silvery light, and she knew which way Maddox and Tatiana were, and then her whole body glowed. He held her so that the currents don't carry her away, and he was surprised to see that everything around them stilled. 
Talia didn't just produce light out of nowhere, but she managed to stop the currents at the bottom of the lake. She was fantastic! 
With Talia illuminating the area, it was like he could see through the kelp, and Damon watched Maddox making his way toward Tatiana. When Tatiana was safe in Maddox's arms, Talia relaxed on Damon. As her light dimmed, the water around them started stirring again like no interruption happened. 
Damon didn't know the extent of Talia's control over her power, but he knew that it exhausted her. 
Luckily, no one else was nearby to see Talia performing something that Damon would describe as a miracle. 
The only variable in their situation was Maddox. Did he see what Talia did? Damon didn't know how to explain what happened and to make it believable. 
When the silvery light in Talia's eyes disappeared completely, Damon thought of going to the surface with her and at that time Caden mind-linked him. 'What's the status with you? Are you guys OK?' 
'Why wouldn't we be?', Damon asked cautiously. 
'We saw some light. Maya thinks it's mermaids. Anyway, Max found Tanya and they are coming up. You should come out also.' 
Damon smiled. Mermaids will do just fine as a coverup. With Maddox and Tatiana coming to the surface safely, Damon didn't feel the need to linger there. He wanted to focus on Talia and her condition, and he will meet with Maddox later to probe how much he saw. 
Damon was quick to come up with an excuse to why he and Talia were not going to join the rest of them. 'Talia stayed underwater longer than she should. I'm taking her to the packhouse to rest. Keep me up to date if anything important happens.' 
By the time Damon emerged out of the water, Talia was sleeping in his arms. He carried her to the packhouse under the scorching sun that dried their bodies and he bent at an angle so that his shadow obstructs the sun from hitting her face. 
Damon placed Talia on the bed and laid next to her, and shortly after that he heard the commotion as the other guests reached the packhouse. 
Caden and Maya told Damon what was going on, so he knew that Tanya was fine and that she and Maddox made up. 
With all the unexpected events at the beach, they decided to postpone bonfire and barbeque, and instead they will have a low-key dinner in the packhouse with some mingling afterwards. 
Nate, Greg, and Paul announced that they will head to the Shifters in the evening, and there was a chance that others will join them as well. 
It was just as Damon hoped it will be. The guests were entertaining themselves and he could focus on Talia. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Talia's eyes fluttered open, and she smiled at the sight of Damon's endlessly blue eyes directed at her. 
"How long was I out?" 
Damon shrugged. "Not long. We didn't skip dinner." 
Talia could hear voices from the garden. Guests! 
"How is Tanya?" 
"She is fine. With Max. It seems they patched up things.", Damon said while waggling his eyebrows and Talia smiled at his words. His expression told her that Maddox and Tatiana did much more than just patching up. 
"Should we join our guests?", she asked. 
"Later. How are you feeling?" 
Talia snuggled closer to him and mumbled into his chest, "I need more cuddles." 
Damon chuckled and tightened his hold on her. He loved when she was clingy. His kitty learned to rely on him for comfort and he wouldn't want it any other way. 
"Do you remember what happened in the lake?", Damon asked. 
Talia had a feeling this was coming. It's not that she didn't want to think about it, but she remembered that Tanya was in danger and that Maddox went to search for her, and if that were her and Damon… Talia's heart cracked at the thought that something might happen to Damon. 
"Do we need to talk about it?", she responded with a question. 
Damon let out a long breath. "Yes." 
"Why?" 
Damon touched Talia's chin to lift her head so that he can see her face. "Do you know what you did, kitten? You created light and stopped currents. I want you to remember how you did it and learn to control it. This time, we were lucky. No one really saw what happened, and thanks to Maya's nonsense, others believe it was the work of mermaids. If anyone knew it was you, we would be in trouble." 
"Do you think others would see me as a monster if they knew I did those things?" 
Damon looked at Talia helplessly. "We spoke about this, kitten. There will always be jealous people, and some might even worship you. You will see all that once we announce you as my Luna. However, if people find out what all you can do, some of them will start fearing you. Those are the dangerous ones." 
Talia nodded in understanding. They spoke about it when they discussed that their wolves can talk, and then again when she healed him and flung two rogues in the air with the wave of her hand. 
Damon told her to keep it a secret because being different is not always a good thing. Some will try to control her, or make her power their own, and once they find out that's not possible, she will be in danger. Many Alphas won't tolerate anyone jeopardizing their authority, and Talia's powers will threaten them, even if she keeps a low profile. 
Talia took a deep breath and she tried to recollect the smallest details. 
"I remember wanting to find Tanya and Max, and then something stirred inside me. It was like I could sense a beacon that told me which way we should go. There was a warm sensation in my stomach… I saw that Max was struggling to reach Tanya and I wished that he can do it…" 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 324 - Mystery Of Talia’s Powers (2) [Bonus ]
Chapter 324 – Mystery Of Talia’s Powers (2) [Bonus ]
Damon listened attentively to Talia recollecting the incident from the lake, and when she was done, he asked questions. 
Unfortunately, there was not much to go with. Talia wished that there was an on-off switch for controlling her so-called powers, or at least a replay button where she could see everything from another person's perspective because now that she got to talk about it, it all sounded unbelievable. 
Damon told her that her eyes were glowing with silvery light, and he reminded her of a few times when others bowed to her. And there was also… "Do you remember that you were the one who told Tatiana to come with us to the car when we were heading to the beach?" 
Talia remembered. "I asked her to join us." 
"No, kitten.", Damon said while looking at her helplessly. "Tanya wanted to go with Kalina and others. She was ignoring Max. Yet when you approached her, she caved in immediately. I felt your aura fluctuating at that moment." 
Talia's brows came together. "Are you saying that I influenced her?" 
"That's exactly what I'm saying. And the fantastic part is that you are not even aware it's happening. You are natural, kitten." 
"Is this my wolf's ability?", Talia asked. 
Damon was not sure. The incident with the rogues happened before Talia's wolf awakened. However, there was a possibility that Talia could use her wolf's power without her wolf being present. And there was always a chance that these were Talia's abilities, but either the conditions were not met, or Talia used them without realizing it. In any case… "Your wolf will shed more light on all this when she wakes up, but we don't know when that will happen. Until then, we need to figure out how much we can. If someone realizes what you can do, it will attract attention." 
Talia was overwhelmed. How did things turn out this way? She wished that Damon was wrong, but there were too many instances of strange things happening, including that woman (aka Jill), getting on all four in the restroom at the Shifters nightclub. 
Talia was just a girl who hated injustice and wanted to help people she cared about. How did it turn out into her subduing people and having mysterious glowing powers? 
But Damon was right. Some of the incidents could be explained by her wolf being strong. However, the glowing, stopping water currents, healing others, and flinging rogues into the air were totally different things. 
If she could really do that, she needed to learn to control it before it attracts trouble. 
"It was like… I wanted it to happen, and it did. And I was either not aware that something was unusual, or it was done before I realized it. Sorry, but I can't remember anything specific." 
"No, no.", Damon said right away. "There are few things that are repeating in every case." 
"There are?" 
"Every time you showed extraordinary ability, it was because you wanted something to happen.", Damon reminded her. 
Talia's brows came together. "How is that helpful?" 
Damon raised a finger, indicating to her to be patient. "And every time, you wanted it for someone else." 
"For someone else?" How was that a clue? 
Damon confirmed. He thought that it made absolute sense. Talia was selfless and she always put others ahead of her. It went in the line with her personality that she would use her mind-blowing powers for others subconsciously. 
"When you dealt with the rogues, it was to save me. In the hospital, I believe you wanted to heal me, but you ended up healing both of us. And what happened in the lake, it was for Max and Tanya." 
Talia still didn't get it. "Are you saying that every time I make a wish for someone else, magical things happen?" 
Damon puffed his cheeks. "It sounded better in my head, but when you put it that way, you have a point." 
Talia felt guilty for dissing Damon's idea. Even if he was not on the right track, he was trying. 
"Let's not forget about the burning sensation in my stomach.", she said. "Maybe me wanting to save a life triggered my ability to… do something." 
Damon smiled. "I think we are onto something here. I don't believe it's just a simple wish, but you need to really want it to happen. Try to think about that situation and how you felt. See if you can make it happen again." 
Talia closed her eyes and Damon was quick to say, "Not now. You just recuperated. Wait until you rest properly." 
Talia was touched by his concern. "Thank you for watching over me." Before Damon, she was all alone, with no one to help her when she was hurt or lonely. And here was Damon, a powerful Alpha, holding her in his strong arms and making sure she doesn't overexert herself. 
Damon shook his head at the silly girl. "Who will watch over you if not me?" If anything happened to her… he didn't want to think about it. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Talia let out a long breath. "I hope I don't have the power to make wishes come true magically." 
Damon had no idea from where that came. "Why?" 
"The magic wears off eventually.", she said. "When I was in the attic, I would read the Cinderella book and I wished for a prince charming to come and save me. And then you showed up." 
Damon's eyes widened. "Are you saying I'm your prince charming?" 
Talia poked his chest with her finger. How can he get cocky at a moment like this? 
"That's not the point." 
"You just called me your prince charming. I think that's big enough to become a point. An important one." 
Talia rolled her eyes. "I wanted to say how Cinderella's magic wore off at midnight. What if my magic wears off and I realize that I'm still in that attic and that you…" 
She stopped talking when Damon put his index finger over her lips. 
"If that happens, I will find you again.", he said with all the seriousness in the world. "We are mates, meant to be together. If we are apart, no matter where you are, I won't sit still until I find you. Do you believe me?" 
"I do." She really did. 
Damon relaxed and wrapped his arms around Talia, pulling her into him and wishing that their bodies completely merge into one so that they never separate. Whenever she was out of his visual range, he would be restless, and the thought of them actually being apart was agonizing. 
Damon dispelled those dark thoughts away. Now that Talia knew they were mates, and she accepted it, their bond only needed his mark to be sealed for eternity, there was no way that they will separate. 
"If you can make wishes come true, would you indulge your mate?", Damon asked. 
Talia had no idea where he was going with it. Was it something naughty? Probably. 
"What is it?", she asked. 
"Can you wish our guests away?" 
Talia stifled a laugh. "They just arrived, and you want them gone?" 
Yes! Out of all the guests present, the only one Damon wanted to socialize with (in small doses) was Maddox, and Maddox was now busy with Tatiana. Tony only brought work to Damon, and Axel made him wary. As for the others, Damon didn't care. So, if Damon could have it his way, they would all go home, and Damon would be left with Talia to enjoy their time together without the need to entertain guests. 
"Does that mean you can't make my wish come true?", Damon asked with a pout. 
"It will happen, but with a slight delay." 
"Let me guess.", Damon made a thoughtful expression. "A week?" 
Talia nodded earnestly. "Give or take a day." 
Damon rolled his eyes dramatically. "How is that called granting a wish when that's the time they would leave anyway?" 
"We can always ask them to stay longer." 
"No, no!", Damon was quick to say. "One week is fine." 
Talia giggled. "I'm happy that my Alpha is sensible." 
Damon sighed and then chuckled. 
Both of them enjoyed this carefree moment where they could be themselves and have fun. It was all in the little things. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 325 - More Guests Are On Their Way
Chapter 325 – More Guests Are On Their Way
Talia could see the orange hues of the sunset covering the sky outside, so she asked Damon, "What are we going to do for dinner?" 
They had a plan for a bonfire and barbeque on the beach, but the voices from the garden told her that everyone was in the packhouse. It was inappropriate for hosts to relax in bed when they had guests. 
"With Meg, Kai, Max, Tanya, and the two of us being absent from the beach, Maya suggested that we reschedule beach activities for some other time. Everyone agreed that we should have dinner here." 
Talia nodded in understanding. 
At the thought of the dinner and evening approaching, Talia remembered one more important thing. "When is Marcy coming?" 
Damon knew that Talia didn't want Marcy to come, and he didn't want that either. Well, they didn't need to worry about her for a few more hours. "The group from the Red Moon pack will stay overnight in a hotel and will arrive in the morning." 
Talia buried her face in his chest and Damon could feel her discomfort rising. 
"I can make the call right now and cancel the whole thing.", Damon said seriously. 
He would offend Marcy and Alpha Edward in a heartbeat, even if they threaten him with war. No one and nothing compares to Talia, and there was no point leading a pack without Talia by his side. He got that much figured out. 
There was one obstacle Damon didn't know how to deal with. "If Marcy doesn't come here, how will we explain that to your wolf?" 
Talia exhaled helplessly. She wanted to say that she will handle her wolf, but Talia didn't have that confidence. She looked up at him. "What's the plan for Marcy?" 
Damon puffed his cheeks. "I will come up with something." 
"So… no plan." 
Damon didn't have anything yet, but he knew one thing. "I won't allow Marcy or anyone else to stand between us, kitten. I will deal with Marcy, and then I will mark you, and everyone will know you are my Luna." 
Talia's heart swelled from warm and fuzzy emotions. Every time Damon said how she was his and he wanted the whole world to know it, she was truly happy. It was like a dream come true. 
At the same time, she couldn't help but fear that something will happen to prevent that. It's not that she had foretelling abilities, but it all sounded amazing, and amazing things didn't happen to regular girls like Talia. 
Was it too good to be true? She snuggled closer into Damon and took deep breaths of her favorite scent of the forest and the dark chocolate in order to calm her jittery nerves. 
"Do you trust me, kitten?", she heard him ask and she nodded in response. 
"Don't worry about Marcy.", he said softly. "That's my mess and I will clean it up. Focus on resting and enjoying with our guests. OK?" 
Talia looked up at Damon. "What if she recognizes me?" 
At the Lightclaw pack was one thing, but now she didn't have fancy styling and makeup, and there was a big chance Marcy will hear that Talia came to the Dark Howlers pack only a few weeks ago. With all that, Marcy might connect the dots and realize that Talia is the girl from the attic. 
"Are you afraid of her?", Damon asked and in the next moment Talia's insecurities splashed on him and he regretted his question. 
Since coming to the Dark Howlers pack, Talia showed immense growth, but Marcy was different. 
Marcy recognizing Talia could mean that Alpha Edward will get another weapon and try to use Talia against Damon. Of course, Damon won't allow that to happen, but that didn't mean Talia was not worried about that possibility. And it would be a lie if Damon said that he was not concerned about that also. 
However, Damon was more worried about the fact that Marcy was abusing Talia and those scars were embedded below Talia's skin. He remembered how pitiful Talia was when he found her in the attic, dressed in faded oversized clothes, and her skin was covered in cuts and bruises. His heart tightened. 
Damon recollected how Marcy would come into his room dressed up to the nines, with hair and makeup done, and a big smile on her face, ready to impress him as his future Luna, and all that was probably just minutes after she beat Talia. 
His mate we suffering, and he was oblivious to all the bad things that were happening right under his nose. Damon will never forgive himself that failure. 
When he found Talia in the attic, Damon was so consumed with the pull of the bond and the sparks that he barely noticed her sorry state. And then he focused on getting Talia out of that packhouse, and only hours later, in the car, he realized that she needed medical help and food. He was so focused on what he wanted, that he neglected to get justice for Talia. 
And at the Lightclaw pack, his attention was on enjoying his time with Talia, and he forgot (again!) to punish Marcy. 
What kind of an Alpha forgets to punish people who wronged his Luna!? Twice! 
Tomorrow, Marcy will come into his and Talia's house. How can he keep his cool? 
Rage swelled in the pit of Damon's stomach. 
What talk about Marcy being his Luna? She will be lucky if she can leave his territory alive! He will lock up Marcy in the attic and serve her beatings for lunch, breakfast, and dinner so that she experiences the hellish treatment Talia went through. 
Yes, Talia told him how some of the older injuries were not from Marcy, because others bullied her, but that only made things worse! How many of them were there? 
Damon felt an urge to go to the Red Moon pack and raze it to the ground. 
He will send Alpha Edward and his whole pack to hell! Talia suffered there for decades, and no one thought of helping? What kind of monsters live there!? 
To make things worse, Talia endured all that without her wolf. She was alone, weak, hungry, and scared, and she couldn't even heal herself! 
"Damon?", Talia's voice pulled him out of his murderous thoughts that mixed with anguish for not being able to protect his mate. 
Talia could feel that his emotions were unstable. "I am fine.", she assured him. She didn't know what was on his mind, but she guessed it was related to her. 
"No, kitten. You are not fine.", Damon said. "Whatever you are feeling, let it out. If you want to vent your anger on Marcy, do it. If anyone has issues with it, I will deal with them." 
Talia knew that he meant it. Even if the sky fell down, he would hold it up for her. 
Was she OK facing Marcy? Talia was not sure. But she knew that she needed to go through it. 
"I am your mate.", she said. "As your Luna, I will meet Marcy and others who are like her." 
Thanks to the numerous files she found on Damon's computer, Talia was aware that nearly every unmated female with Alpha bloodline tried to be Damon's Luna, and Damon probably bedded most of them. Talia didn't want to think about it. 
The past belonged in the past, and she wanted to focus on the future. 
"If I shrink in front of Marcy, I won't be qualified to be the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Don't think that you are in this on your own, Damon. It doesn't matter if the person coming tomorrow is Marcy or any other. I will be right by your side." 
Damon's smile reached his eyes. 
He knew that Talia didn't care about being Luna of the pack, but she wanted to be with him. She was getting out of her comfort zone for him, and that was why he was determined to enable her to fulfill all of her dreams (as long as they didn't include leaving him). 
Damon leaned to kiss her lips gently, and when Talia fisted his hair and deepened the kiss, all brakes were off. The scent of Talia's arousal told him that his mate wanted him, and he had no intention of letting her wait. 
As for Marcy and everyone else, they will deal with them as they come. Together. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 326 - The Journey To The Dark Howlers Pack (1)
Chapter 326 – The Journey To The Dark Howlers Pack (1)
Somewhere in Oregon… 
The car stopped moving and Marcy opened her eyes. 
It took her a moment to remember where she was and where she was going. She was in the back seat, next to her brother, James. George (aka her mate she rejected) was driving and Nora (aka her bestie who slept not only with the man Marcy should marry but with Marcy's father also) was in the front passenger's seat. They were heading to the Dark Howlers pack. 
Marcy was not sure if this was a ride from hell or to hell, or maybe just between two hellish points. 
They were supposed to leave earlier that morning, but Nora was late, so they had to wait for her, and they ended up leaving the Red Moon pack after lunch. Luna Layla (Marcy's mom) took this extended time to remind Marcy how a good Luna should bend to her Alpha's orders. 
Marcy sneered while wondering if that includes looking the other way while her Alpha shags everything that wears a skirt. Or maybe her mother also has some extramarital adventures, but because she plays submissive, she was keeping those low-key. At that point, nothing would surprise Marcy. 
Nora was quick to say that she wanted to sit in front, and Marcy had no ions. Marcy didn't want to sit next to Nora, and she definitely didn't want to sit next to George. 
George was driving in silence, James put his earbuds on the moment the car started moving, and Marcy was not in the mood to socialize. Nora was chatting for all of them. 
Marcy saw Nora repeatedly reaching to touch George's shoulder and arm, and a few times she also reached for his thigh. It was all like accidentally, as she spoke, but Marcy knew better. Marcy saw how Nora was looking at George in Alpha Edward's office. That slut wanted to sleep with George also! 
Marcy's wolf was stirring and wanting to attack Nora for daring to put her hands on George, but Marcy pushed her down. How was she going to explain if she makes a scene? 
Besides, she already rejected him, and George didn't accept the rejection, but he didn't forgive her either. On top of that, Marcy was going to the Dark Howlers pack in order to become Damon's Luna, and there was no place for Commander George in that picture. 
The cards were dealt, and Marcy needed to make the most of it. 
Marcy was reminding herself that the Red Moon pack was a horrible place, and this was her chance to make an exit, so she should behave a bit longer. 
In order not to look at Nora's disgusting attempts to get George's attention, Marcy closed her eyes. 
She was not really tired, but Georges's sweet scent of clover calmed Marcy's nerves and she ended up falling asleep. 
Back to the present… 
Marcy narrowed her eyes at the darkness. They left later than expected, but even with that, Marcy hoped they will reach the Dark Howlers pack before nighttime, but it was obviously night so she miscalculated. 
The blaring red neon sign 'Motel' told her that they were not at their destination, and if they were close to it, they wouldn't stop there… wherever that place was. 
"Is it time for dinner?", Marcy asked while rubbing her eyes. 
"You are awake.", Nora stated the obvious. "Yes, it's time for dinner, and I booked us rooms for the night." She ended while waving her phone, indicating that she booked the rooms online. 
Marcy frowned and glanced at her phone to check the time. It was close to nine o'clock PM. "Rooms? How far are we from the Dark Howlers pack?" 
"I know you are eager to reach there, princess", George said dryly. "With the stop for food, we will reach there after midnight. It's better to stay in a hotel overnight. We will continue our trip after breakfast, and like this, we won't disturb our hosts in the middle of the night." 
Marcy heard his condescending tone and she didn't want to argue with him. She glanced at James who was already out of the car and stretching. It seems that her brother didn't care when they will reach the Dark Howlers pack. 
Well, Marcy wouldn't care either if not for Nora, but she couldn't talk to George, Nora was obviously eager to stay in a motel, and James was useless. 
Marcy released a slow breath and opened the door to get out of the car. 
She frowned at the desolate sight that greeted her. 
Only four cars and several massive motorcycles were on the parking lot that provided more than thirty parking spots. 
On one side of the parking lot was the road, and on the other one was a two-story motel that had stairs on each side which provided access to the rooms on the second floor. The rooms on the ground floor were accessible directly from the parking lot. 
Right from the motel was a small restaurant that definitely saw better days. 
Behind the restaurant was a gas station and… that was it. There was nothing else. 
'Who picked this dingy place?', Marcy wondered but she swallowed her grievances. It's only one night. She will manage. Hopefully. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
After checking in and getting their room keys, Marcy realized that there were only two rooms. 
"Each room has two beds.", Nora explained and looked eagerly at George. "Who will be my roommate?" 
Marcy felt like gagging. Can Nora be any more obvious? 
"I will stay with George.", James spoke for the first time since they left the Red Moon pack. 
Marcy realized that nothing works for her. She didn't want to sleep in the same room with Nora, but George was out of the question, and James didn't seem like a good choice either. Sure, they are siblings, but he will be sixteen years old soon, and they spent the last decade apart, so sharing a room was not appropriate. 
Marcy's and Nora's room had a sitting area with a sofa and a television, and there was a bathroom and two beds with a four-drawer dresser between them. It was nothing fancy, but it was a bed, and the bedsheets were clean, so it will do. 
Next, Marcy, Nora, George, and James headed to the restaurant. 
Big glass windows of the diner revealed an interior that looked like it came from 1960-ies. Not because it was decorated in retro-style, but because it was built at that time and no renovations were done. 
There were booths along the walls with a bar that provided seating. The wall behind the bar had an opening that allowed customers to see into the kitchen. Several tables were in the middle of the diner. 
Furniture was metallic and dressed in red leather, and walls were brightly colored and covered with various neon signs. 
Three bulky guys sat at one table, and based on bandanas and black jackets, it was obvious that they were the owners of those massive motorcycles that were on the parking lot. 
"Let's sit in the booth.", Nora said enthusiastically. 
Nora sat on one side, and James sat opposite from her. Marcy was quick to squeeze next to James. Her brother was not very friendly, but considering that Marcy's other option was Nora, Marcy went with James. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 327 - The Journey To The Dark Howlers Pack (2)
Chapter 327 – The Journey To The Dark Howlers Pack (2)
A middle-aged lady came with a big pitcher of coffee and four menus to get their orders. 
By the time George, Nora, and Marcy got a cup of coffee (James didn't want any), and they ordered sodas, Nora was ready to order first. 
"Sirloin steak, medium…" 
"We are out of steak.", the woman interrupted Nora. 
"Pot roast with…" 
"We are out.", the woman cut off George's order. 
Marcy was next. "Chicken skillet…" 
"That's out also." 
"How about a fish platter?", James asked, already guessing that it won't be available. 
The woman grimaced. "Fish is not fresh, so I wouldn't recommend it." 
After attempting to order a few more dishes, Nora snapped, "How about you tell us what IS available?" 
The woman was not fazed by Nora's attitude. "Sweetie, I would recommend house special. Burger and fries." 
"Is that all?", Marcy asked. 
The woman shrugged. "If you came earlier, we had chicken wings, salad, and brocolli and cheddar soup. Every day at five o'clock in the afternoon, we send any unsold lunch items to the town's community kitchen, so we are out of those now. In the morning, you can get omelets with bell peppers and mushrooms." 
They decided to go with burgers and fries. It seemed they were out of everything else. 
The restaurant was in the middle of nowhere and they didn't have a steady flow of customers, so they didn't stock up on food. 
While waiting for their food, Marcy flipped through the two pages-long beverage menu like it was the most interesting thing in the world. 
James was pleased to see that the humble establishment (how he called it) offered free wi-fi, so he immediately powered up his tablet and started playing a game. Alpha Edward doesn't approve of James doing anything other than training or studying, so James thought of this as a perfect opportunity to get his fill of activities that normal teenagers do, and that also included ignoring everyone who outgrew teenage years. 
Marcy looked at her brother whose eyes were shining from excitement as he was completely disconnected from reality. 
Since Marcy returned from Europe, she didn't see James other than during meals because he was always busy with things that will make him a good Alpha, and she assumed that he was really into it. But now that she saw him grinning at the silly video game, Marcy suspected that James was a product of their parents, like she was. 
From a young age, Marcy was groomed to be a good Luna, sent to Europe so that she gains education and various knowledge about managing home and people, while James got a strict schedule that an Alpha should have (according to their father). 
Marcy wondered what would James do if he had the freedom to pick his path. Would he want to lead a pack? She shook those thoughts away. James was still young to have long-term plans for the future, and that was why he was obediently following what Alpha Edward prepared for him. And even if James had any plans, he wouldn't share them with Marcy because they were not close. 
Nora was chattering, with George mostly, and by the time food arrived, Marcy suspected that Nora was openly making a move on George. 
Of course, George's expression was stoic and didn't reveal anything, but Nora was coquettish and with her hands under the table, Marcy could only imagine what she was doing down there. 
Marcy's wolf was raging with jealousy, and Marcy was focused on controlling her actions so that she doesn't end up pouncing on Nora. 
With James who ignored Marcy, George emitting intangible pressure that made her nervous, and Nora's voice making her nauseated, Marcy completely lost her appetite. 
After pushing the food on her plate for some time, Marcy stood up. "I'm going to get air." 
Before this trip, Marcy feared that Nora will try to harm her, but now Marcy realized that the real challenge will be for Marcy not to scratch Nora's face away. Does she need to sleep with every man? Slut! 
Marcy stepped out and realized that unless she took a walk along the road or into the surrounding forest, there was no other place she could go, and lingering on the parking lot will only attract unwanted attention, so she headed to her room. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Marcy plopped on the bed and released a slow breath. 
With George, Nora, and James still in the restaurant, this might be a good opportunity for Marcy to escape, if she was not in the middle of nowhere! 
Also, George had the car keys. Can she ask those bikers to give her a ride somewhere? Where would she go? 
As much as Marcy spent a good portion of her life in Europe, it was all prearranged by her parents, and she never made big decisions or took risks on her own. 
Marcy gritted her teeth at the thought that her father took her passport that same morning. 
"I will keep it safely with other important documents.", Alpha Edward said while explaining how Marcy shouldn't take her passport with her and risk losing it, and since she won't be home for some time, Omegas might misplace it accidentally while cleaning her room. "When you plan an international travel, let me know…" 
Yeah, right. Who heard of a Luna traveling the world? Luna is mostly stuck in her pack and travels only on official business, and that is among packs and not across the borders. 
And how can Omega accidentally misplace a passport that's safely stored in a drawer of a desk? 
Marcy had a feeling that her father was tightening his leash on her. 
Did he suspect that something was fishy? She paid attention to her behavior, and it shouldn't be unusual that she packed her jewelry. But maybe she packed too many clothes? She decided to leave one of the suitcases at home and bring only one that had toiletries, jewelry, and a few sets of clothes. 
Marcy was dejected. How was she supposed to return to Europe without a passport? She saw in movies that one can be forged, but it's not like there was an online store that offers document-forging services. 
Well, she was not really planning to escape to Europe. That was only her backup plan, in case things don't work out with Alpha Damon. 
Marcy had some savings on her bank account, and she could sell her jewelry, and that should be enough to get her to Europe and last for some time. Her apartment in Paris was still paid for and she was planning to stay there until she figures out her next steps, but now Europe was not an option. What a bummer! 
Marcy frowned at the sound of movement at the door, and that distinct 'click' with clattering told her that her roommate for the night was there. 
Marcy closed her eyes and slowed down her breathing. She didn't want to talk to Nora. Maybe she will get ready for bed and fall asleep? One can hope. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 328 - The Journey To The Dark Howlers Pack (3)
Chapter 328 – The Journey To The Dark Howlers Pack (3)
"Are you sleeping?", Nora's voice drifted toward Marcy who was lying on her bed and pretending to sleep. 
"I brought you food." 
At this second part, Marcy opened her eyes. "What did you bring?" 
She left the diner in the spur of the moment, but the truth was that she didn't eat anything since lunch, and she was hungry. The dingy motel didn't offer room service, so there was nothing to eat. Marcy already thought about drinking a lot of water to fill her stomach until morning, and she didn't want to acknowledge Nora's presence, but if there was food, she will take it. 
"I packed your burger and fries. I asked for extra ketchup on the side, and added a chocolate milkshake.", Nora said. "We all had a shake. It was the best part of dinner." 
Marcy looked at the styrofoam containers, and she remembered that in the United States is common for people to pack their leftovers. She never did that while in Europe. Probably because food portions in Europe are much smaller, so normally there are no leftovers. 
Marcy scooted off the bed and went to the sofa to attack her food. She will pretend to sleep later. 
Nora observed Marcy as she opened the containers and was arranging napkins on her lap. It was all done in elegant movements, and Nora thought how Marcy looked like royalty. Will she know how to eat the messy burger that had sauces, salad, and a fried egg inside? 
Nora frowned when she realized that Marcy was ready to eat and she didn't even say thank you. George and James obviously didn't care if Marcy goes hungry, and that meal was there only because Nora thought of asking for carryout boxes. 
Nora saw Marcy as an educated lady with exquisite etiquette, someone who wouldn't neglect to be grateful to the person who did something nice for her. Marcy's behavior was strange. 
"Marcy?", Nora called. "Is everything OK?" 
Marcy was about to take a bite of the burger when she paused. "Why wouldn't it be?" 
Nora shrugged. "I don't know. You seem a bit distant." 
Marcy's lips lifted into a stiff smile. Distant? That's an understatement. 
Marcy didn't want to get too close to Nora out of fear that she will contract some disease. 
Nora slept with Marcy's father and with Marcy's future husband. Oh, and she was trying to sleep with George (aka Marcy's mate). How can Marcy be OK with that? 
But Marcy couldn't voice her thoughts at this point. If a fight breaks out, Marcy was not sure if she could come out of it unscathed. After all, Marcy never trained anything beyond what PE classes required, and if her father hears that there was a conflict between Marcy and Nora, Marcy was confident that her father will support his mistress over his estranged daughter. 
Marcy told herself to endure. Once she becomes Damon's Luna, she will be in power and she won't need to tolerate despicable people like Nora. 
"I am just nervous.", Marcy responded to Nora who scrutinized her. "You know… with us going to see Alpha Damon and everything. What if I mess up?" 
At these words, Nora visibly relaxed. 
For a moment, Nora thought that Marcy was up to something, but it seems that the poor pampered princess was just scared. 
"You won't mess up anything.", Nora said with a smile. "If you think it's too much for you to bear, I will be there to help you, as your best friend." And this included taking care of Alpha Damon also. 
Marcy didn't think much about Nora's words. She was glad that the questions stopped. 
The food that Nora brought was cold and greasy, but the chocolate milkshake helped push it down Marcy's throat. At least she won't go to sleep hungry. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
At some point, Nora sat next to Marcy, and asked, "What do you think about Commander George?" 
Marcy's wolf went into a jealous fit of rage and Marcy nearly choked on the food. 
Nora patted Marcy's back. "Are you OK?" 
Marcy grabbed the milkshake and started gulping it. The cold sensation down her throat helped her to gather her senses. 
She hoped that her displeasure didn't show. Why was Nora talking about George? 
Did George spill the beans they were mates? No, he wouldn't do that. If people found out, he would be in trouble also; Probably in more trouble than Marcy. 
"What about him?", Marcy asked. 
"He is hot.", Nora said with a big grin on her face. 
Marcy was not sure if Nora was testing her or not, but she knew that Nora meant it. It was obvious that Nora was drooling over George. 
"He doesn't seem to be friendly.", Marcy responded. 
Nora stifled a laugh. "I'm not looking for a friend." 
"What are you looking for? A hookup?" 
Nora shrugged. "I never had a boyfriend, but Commander George might change that." 
Marcy narrowed her eyes. "I would imagine that a guy like him will wait for his fated mate." 
Nora rolled her eyes. "Aren't we all hoping that the right person will come? But until then, fooling around is fair game. But he seems to be too good to just fool around with." 
"Why are you telling me this?", Marcy snapped. She really wanted to ask if George will accept a skank like Nora, but she swallowed that question with her next bite. 
Nora blinked at Marcy. "It's just a chatter among friends. You can't deny that he is a good catch. A commander at such a young age. He definitely has qualities beyond just muscles. Since you are about to meet Alpha Damon, I took the liberty of sitting in front of the car, next to George. You don't mind, do you?" 
"I don't.", Marcy mumbled and continued eating. 
"Good!", Nora exclaimed and leaned closer to Marcy while continuing in a low voice, "I felt his arm. He is so hard that I nearly broke a nail. What do you think, how does he compare to Alpha Damon? Ah, I bet that in your eyes, no one compares to Alpha Damon, but Commander George will definitely be a close second…" 
Marcy started gulping down food with haste in the hope to finish as soon as possible and go back to bed so that she can pretend to sleep and not listen to Nora's nonsense. 
… 
Marcy thought that she might need to pretend to sleep in order to avoid Nora's chatter, but soon after she finished her meal, her eyelids became unusually heavy. 
Nora watched as Marcy settled on the bed and she smirked when Marcy closed her eyes. 
Mission complete! 
Nora shook her head at Marcy while thinking how the latter was definitely a pampered princess. How come Marcy didn't think that something was wrong with the food? Who would do a good deed (like bringing food) without an ulterior motive? 
Sucker! 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 329 - The Journey To The Dark Howlers Pack (4) [Bonus ]
Chapter 329 – The Journey To The Dark Howlers Pack (4) [Bonus ]
Nora swiftly picked up food containers and dumped them into the trashcan that was outside in the hallway, and then she returned to the room. 
She clapped a few times above Marcy's head to ensure that the latter won't wake up. The drugs took effect, and Marcy will be out for hours. Perfect! 
Nora's main goal was to check Marcy's suitcase. Nora noticed that Marcy was guarding it so much that she even kept it under the bed. How can Nora not be curious? 
Nora rummaged through Marcy's stuff, and she took notes of the designer's clothes and luxurious toiletries. It was all European brands that smelled great. But what really got Nora's attention were necklaces, bracelets, and earrings stuffed into a few inconspicuous boxes. Nora was confident that if she took a few Marcy, wouldn't even notice. 
Nora forced herself to return everything back. If she takes anything now, it will point at her as the culprit. Once they reach their destination, she will have at least one week of time to help herself. While they are in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack, Marcy will be busy with Alpha Damon, and Nora can accuse Omegas of stealing Marcy's stuff. No one will know. 
After keeping the suitcase back under Marcy's bed, Nora headed for the bathroom. She had another thing on her mind. 
Nora tidied up her makeup and hair and loosened up a few buttons from her blouse before mind-linking George. 
'Commander George, can you come to our room for a moment?' 
'Is there a situation?', George asked with alertness in his voice. 
He was watching the surroundings and even though he didn't have a clear view of the room where Marcy and Nora were, he was at least 90% confident that he would hear if someone approached them. Besides, humans were noisy. 
'Can you come? It's inconvenient over the mind-link…' 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
George entered the room, and his eyes immediately scanned the area. 
Once he confirmed that there were no outsiders in the room, he frowned at Marcy who was lying on the bed with her back facing him. Was she ignoring him? No. Her breathing and heartbeats were slow which confirmed that Marcy was sleeping. 
"Why did you call me?", George asked Nora. 
Nora gave him her bestest smile and gestured toward the sofa for him to sit. 
When George didn't move, Nora spoke, "It's early to call it a night, and I thought you might enjoy female company." 
George's eyebrows twitched. Female company? 
If he had any doubts about Nora's intentions, they disappeared when Nora approached him and put her palm on his chest with her fingers grazing the skin that was exposed due to the top button of his shirt being undone. 
George was aware that Nora was hitting on him even from before they left the Red Moon pack. But he also knew that she sleeps with any high-ranking werewolf, as long as she can get her hands on him. It was not a secret that Nora and Alpha Edward were chummy recently, and George wondered if Nora was sent by Alpha Edward to test George. 
And another thing didn't make sense. How can Nora assume that he will want to get frisky with Marcy being right there? 
"What will Marcy say to that?" 
Nora looked at him smugly. "Nothing. She is sleeping." 
"I'm quite confident that she will wake up when you scream my name." 
Nora pressed her legs together. The mental image of George pounding himself inside her was extremely stimulating. 
"You see…", she spoke breathily. "Marcy won't wake up. I made sure it won't happen." 
George frowned when he realized that something was off. "What did you do?" 
Nora bobbed her head. "I spiked her food." 
George couldn't believe this. "You drugged her?" 
Rage swelled within George, and before he could control himself, he was squeezing Nora's neck. 
"It's just some sleeping pills…", Nora spoke with difficulty. Was he planning to choke her to death? What the hell? 
George exhaled sharply and pushed Nora backward. She stumbled and fell on the butt unceremoniously. 
"What did you give her? How many?", George asked grimly. With Marcy being a werewolf, just a regular dose wouldn't knock her out. 
Nora sat on the floor stupidly while wondering why she can't move. George was extremely intimidating, and she had an urge to submit to him. Was it possible that George was suppressing her? This was even stronger than Alpha Edward! 
Nora saw that George's expression was getting darker by the second, and she dragged herself to her purse from where she pulled a box and George snatched it from her hand. 
"How many!?" 
Nora shrunk even further and responded weakly, "I crushed eight of these…" 
George flipped the box. He didn't understand what those words mean, but there was a warning not to take more than two in twenty-four hours, yet Nora gave Marcy four times of that! It shouldn't be a problem because Marcy was a she-wolf, but he knew that Marcy's wolf was weakened due to her rejecting the bond. 
George rubbed his chin nervously while thinking about what to do. The idea of something being wrong with Marcy was eating him alive. Damned bond! 
"She will wake up by morning…", Nora assured him. "Why are you so worried about Marcy?" 
"Stupid!", he hissed. He didn't want to tell Nora that they are mates and that he lost his cool for a moment, but there was another point. "What possessed you to drug Marcy? What if something happens to her? How will you explain that to Alpha Edward?" 
"Nothing will happen, OK?", Nora said in a shaky voice. It's not like she put wolfsbane in that burger! 
"YOU DON'T KNOW THAT!", he roared. "GET OUT!" 
Nora broke in a cold sweat. What was going on? Why were her legs already moving toward the door? Did he use the Alpha command on her? 
"Out? Where?", she asked. 
"I don't give a shit! Sleep outside or in the car!" He threw car keys at her, but they hit her in the stomach because she didn't catch them. 
Nora bent to get the keys and she stiffened when she heard George talking in a dangerously low voice, "If you dare disturb James, I will leave you in this dump and you will walk back home. Do you understand?" 
Nora walked out of the room with shaky legs, unable to process what just happened. 
George definitely didn't reject her advances so far, and she thought that if she showed him that they can have privacy, he would jump on the opportunity. Or did he prefer to shag Marcy who was unconscious? 
Nora really-really wanted to see what was going on in that room, but she feared that if George sees her again, she won't have a good ending. 
How can she sleep outside? Should she get another room for herself? Ah! Her purse and wallet were in the room, and she only had car keys with her. 
Nora stomped her feet angrily. Great! Just great! 
If she knew that George was this grumpy, she would never call him into the room! 
And now she needed to sleep in the car! 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 330 - Alpha Of The Frostcrest Pack (1)
Chapter 330 – Alpha Of The Frostcrest Pack (1)
George looked at Marcy while thinking about what to do. 
He stood two steps away from her bed and listened to her heartbeat. From the door, he assumed that she was in deep sleep, but now that he knew Nora drugged her, he realized that her heartbeat was too slow. 
Should he take her to a hospital? 
No. It's not advisable to take a she-wolf to a human hospital. 
They would probably be shocked to see how quickly she was healing, and most of the medications made for humans won't be effective. 
Besides, what would they do there? Pump her stomach? It was obvious that the drugs were already in her system, and he deduced that Nora gave her spiked food the moment she returned. That was an hour ago! 
If something happens to Marcy… 
George jabbed his hand into his hair. 
This was more than just a mate bond working. It was his duty to keep her safe. 
For years, George shed sweat and blood on the training ground in order to climb the ranks and get his position, and now that he was only a step away from his goal, his whole life flipped upside down at the moment he met Marcy and realized she was his mate. 
Is this the Moon Goddess' idea of a joke? 
George's mind drifted to his childhood which he spent among hundreds of kids. They were strangers, picked up from various places, yet they all had several things in common. They all lived in the building that was reserved for kids like them, to sleep, eat, study, and train. They either didn't have parents, or their parents decided to send them to train to become warriors of the Red Moon pack. At least that's what they told them in the training center. 
One of his earliest childhood memories was about standing straight in the first row of many that were formed of kids just like he was. They were standing without talking, without eating, without drinking… in the sun, rain, and whatever mother nature threw at them. And they were standing for days because only the top ten got to advance to the next level which included a day of rest and extra meat for lunch, while everyone else would get reduced food rations and they needed to redo their training from scratch. 
Training after training, George was among the top scorers. Even for someone with a tenacious physique like George, it was extremely taxing, and he thought of giving up many times. After all, the ones who fail repeatedly were sent to work in fields or do other dirty jobs and that was not so bad compared to what he endured during training. 
However, a small voice of stubbornness told him to keep going. Just one more day. One more exercise. One more test. Just one more… 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
George was about thirteen years old when an Omega approached him. She was a middle-aged she-wolf who introduced herself as Estelle and told him that she served his mother. 
"My mother?", George asked robotically. Wasn't he an orphan like most of the other kids? They were not allowed to find out about their biological parents, because that might distract them from training. That's what their coaches said to those few who dared to ask. 
"I am about to tell you something that can get me killed.", Estelle said in a hushed voice. 
"And you still want to tell me? Don't you value your life?" 
"I will tell you because it's time. And because I'm tired of keeping this a secret…" 
And then George heard a fantastic story. 
Not so long ago, there was the Frostcrest pack that was led by Alpha Conor and Luna Fiana. 
They were a small pack that specialized in making clothes of leather and fur, and they bordered the Red Moon pack on the North. One day, Alpha Howard of the Red Moon pack (aka the father of Alpha Edward, aka Marcy's grandfather) came to the Frostcrest pack and issued an Alpha challenge. 
Everyone knew that the Red Moon pack was expanding its territory, but considering that they were on friendly terms and that the Red Moon pack purchased most of the products that came out of the Frostcrest pack, no one expected this challenge, especially not Alpha Conor. In addition to that, Alpha Conor was aware that Alpha Howard was close to handing over his position to his son, and this was not a convenient time for war. But Alpha Howard was not declaring war. That was a hostile takeover. 
"Alpha Howard killed Alpha Connor and Luna Fiana died of heartbreak on the same day.", Estelle said to George. "The Frostcrest pack was merged with the Red Moon pack, and it disappeared from the maps. This is the official version. You can confirm it if you read recent history books." 
George listened while wondering, "How is any of that relevant to me?" 
"I told you that I used to serve your mother. Now I work in the fields, but I used to work in the packhouse of the Frostcrest pack, serving Luna Fiana." Estelle saw George frowning, so she added, "You see… at the time when Alpha Howard issued the challenge, Alpha Conor and Luna Fiana had a three years-old son. Shortly after you were born, Luna Fiana told me that in the case of an attack on the pack, you should be hidden among other kids. I followed orders and took you to the nursery while Alpha Conor was preparing for the duel. People knew that Alpha had a son, but they kept their family life private and not many knew what you look like. When Alpha Howard took the eligible children to the Red Moon pack to be trained as warriors, you ended up going with them…" 
George was not sure if he should believe that fantastic story. What if it's just a rambling of a crazed woman? But then Estelle gave him two faded photos. One photo showed a man and a woman in their early twenties embracing each other. They were happy. The other photo showed the woman from the first photo holding a toddler on her hip… and somehow, George saw himself in those photos. That toddler had his eyes, the same eyes that the man in the other photo had. And Estelle also gave him a golden hairpin. It belonged to Luna Fiana, George's mother. 
George went to the library and looked up information related to the Frostcrest pack. It all confirmed what Estelle told him and he found much more. 
The Frostcrest pack was a peaceful pack. They focused on trading and were doing well. Until Marcy's grandfather came and destroyed them. Of course, books say how the Alpha Conor was weak, and it was their luck that the Red Moon pack accepted them. The history was always written by the winners. 
Hypocrites! 
Alpha Howard killed George's father and mother, and a few years later, Alpha Edward took over as the Alpha of the Red Moon pack. Alpha Edward was not so aggressive in expanding their territory, but that was probably because there were not many non-militaristic packs left in the area. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 331 - Alpha Of The Frostcrest Pack (2)
Chapter 331 – Alpha Of The Frostcrest Pack (2)
After finding out about his heritage, George swore that he will climb the ranks, get close to Alpha Edward, and challenge him to an official duel where he will kill him. 
For a decade George studied and trained like his life depended on it. 
The desire for revenge fueled him to work harder and longer than everyone else, and his Alpha genes helped him to come on top. 
As his wolf started stirring, George learned to subdue his aura and not disclose that he is an Alpha. He showed just enough for everyone to know that he was strong, but not too strong because he didn't want Alpha Edward to see him as a threat. 
As soon as he got a rank that allowed him a private residence, George looked for Estelle and brought her into his house to work as Omega. Estelle also identified a few other Omegas who came from the Frostcrest pack and are trustworthy, and George brought them over also. There are seven of them now who are maintaining George's villa and the surrounding area that belongs to George's property. Only Estelle knows who George really is, and other Omegas are aware that he is from the Frostcrest pack originally, so in a way, they are like a small family. 
While talking with other warriors, George identified others who are sharing the same sentiments that Alpha Edward should be removed, and that the whole Redmayne family is like cancer to the society of werewolves. 
Alpha Edward cares only about the ones he can use. The ones he doesn't see as worthy are treated worse than dirt. 
Luna Layla doesn't care what her mate is doing, and she is not innocent either. Alpha Edward and Luna Layla don't share a bond of fated mates, and with Alpha Edward finding his release somewhere else, Luna Layla will do the same, albeit she is more discrete in doing so. 
James is young and he doesn't have a desire to lead. James' results are above average in his age group, but his scores are not enviable when compared to other Alphas. Actually, James is barely holding. 
As for Marcy, no one knew much other than she was in Europe. But as soon as she returned home, rumors started spreading that she is superficial and useless, just like her mother. 
Every member of the Redmayne family is corrupted and only cares about themselves, and that extends to Beta Raymond and Nora. They all need to be eliminated. 
Pieces were coming together and then he met Marcy. 
For those few brief moments in the garden, George forgot about his revenge, and he thought that things might actually work out peacefully. Why else would the Moon Goddess pair him with the daughter of the man he was set to kill? 
But then Marcy rejected him, confirming that she is shallow and corrupted just like the rest of her family. 
Yes, she said that it was because her parents wouldn't approve, and it's not that George disagreed with that point, but who was Alpha Edward to challenge the will of the Moon Goddess? 
If Marcy wanted to run, George would run with her (as soon as he kills Alpha Edward), but instead of coming up with ways to be together with him, Marcy's impulse was to reject him. That was something George will never be able to erase from his mind. 
Rejection by a soulmate, by his other half. It took him days to process what happened and to start functioning. And it's something he will never fully recuperate from. His wolf is weakened and based on the research George did, even if he marks Marcy and she accepts him as her mate, his wolf will not heal completely. She made irreparable damage to both of them on a whim. How can he forgive that? 
In stories George heard, fated mates are either together, or they die trying, yet Marcy just rejected him. He didn't see it coming. 
And then he heard that Marcy will become Luna of the Dark Howlers pack and he understood everything. She rejected him because she assumed he is a lowly Omega, yet she was willing to be with Alpha Damon because he is an Alpha. 
Part of him was itching to disclose his background, just to see Marcy's expression when she realizes that she rejected an Alpha, but it was not worth it. He didn't want to jeopardize a decade of hard work and meticulous planning, not now when he was so close to the goal that he can smell it. 
George wanted to accept Marcy's rejection. Who would want to be tied up to a mate who doesn't want him? But then he got an idea of using that cracked bond against Marcy, even if that means it will hurt him in the process. After all, didn't he swear that he will destroy the Redmayne family? He might start from Marcy. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Back to the present… 
George miscalculated how wicked Nora was, and Marcy ended up drugged. 
Why was her heart rate still slowing down? 
If Alpha Edward finds out that he failed to protect Marcy, George will be penalized, no matter what he achieved so far. 
George saw it happen many times before. 
Promotions and rewards in the Red Moon pack are rare, while punishments come with heavy consequences for the slightest error. 
He could lose his position as the commander! 
Marcy getting drugged under his nose was not a small thing. 
What if she doesn't wake up on time? At ten o'clock in the morning, Alpha Edward will expect a status report with confirmation that they reached the Dark Howlers pack. 
Damn it! 
He knew that Nora was vile, but he didn't think she was stupid! At least not to this extent. Now what? 
George remembered that werewolves heal faster when they are close to their mates, and he thought of testing that. 
He knew that getting into the touching distance with Marcy was a bad idea, but just staring at her and hoping she will wake up wasn't a good option either. 
George sat on the edge of Marcy's bed and reached to hold her hand. 
Tingles ran through his fingers when their hands connected. 
He frowned at the memory of them meeting the first time. He was so lost in Marcy's presence that he forgot who he was, and they ended up kissing, and it was wonderful… until she rejected him. 
When they collided in the shed, things happened quickly and he was fueled by rage, but now she was asleep, and he had time to analyze what was going on. 
The sparks were much weaker than he remembered, and he knew it was due to Marcy's rejection that diminished the strength of their bond. 
George sneered. She rejected him and is traveling toward her bright future with Alpha Damon. Did she really think it will be easy? Doesn't she know that this is a move by Alpha Edward to increase his strength? Did she think that George will stand on the side and let it happen? If she did, she really was stupid. No wonder Nora drugged her so easily. 
Seeing that just hand-holding didn't do much as her heart rate was still unusually low, George laid on the bed next to Marcy and pulled her to lean on him in an attempt to maximize their touching surface. 
He hoped that this will work because he didn't want to resort to removing clothes. 
Even without the mate bond, he was a man, and Marcy was an attractive female. They were alone in the room, on the bed, and if he did something, she probably won't know. 
On top of that, there were still remnants of their bond between them, and that was only adding to the difficulty for George to keep his hands (and the rest of his body) in check. 
At this distance, Marcy's scent that reminded him of candy was intoxicating, and he focused on his breathing and on counting Marcy's heartbeats. 
It took him a minute to relax slightly. Her heartbeats were speeding up slightly. It was working. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 332 - Total Submission [Bonus ]
Chapter 332 – Total Submission [Bonus ]
Marcy stirred from her sleep and took a deep breath that filled her lungs with the sweet scent of clover. It was the scent that came with longing, and at the same time, it created knots in her stomach. 
Was she dreaming of George? It seems like it. And the dream was so vivid that small zaps of their bond danced over her skin because in her dream she was embracing him. 
Wait! How can that be a dream if she can hear his light snores? 
Marcy opened her eyes and realized that she was in a hotel room. That was the room she was supposed to share with Nora, yet George was on the bed with her. 
And it's not just that he was on the bed, but he was lying on his back, her head was on his shoulder, and his arm was around her. Their position was quite intimate even though they had clothes on. What the heck? 
Marcy lifted her head to confirm that he was sleeping. 
She glanced on the other bed to see that it was empty, and the tidy comforter told her that no one slept there. Where did Nora go? 
Marcy craned her neck to check the time. It was 2 o'clock after midnight. 
She didn't remember what happened after she ate the cold and greasy burger, but for some inexplicable reason, Nora was not there, and George was. 
Was this Nora's idea of a joke? 
Marcy was quite confident that Nora was trying to seduce George, how did he end up in Marcy's bed? Was that only a ploy so that Marcy lowers her guard and he can sneak into her bed? 
Or did Nora trick him? 
Marcy dismissed that idea. George is a Commander, and he can't be manipulated. But… why would he want to be with Marcy? He was quite clear at their last meeting that he hated her. 
If this was a scheme to take embarrassing pictures and blackmail her, they would definitely have less clothes on them. 
Nothing made sense. 
Marcy took this time to admire his exquisite profile. The Moon Goddess didn't spare effort while carving his mesmerizing features. Every curve of his face spoke about power and determination, and she really wanted to touch him. 
Marcy exhaled helplessly. 
That was her mate, yet she rejected him. 
Did she regret that rejection? Not really. If she didn't reject him, they wouldn't have any future, and she couldn't understand, why didn't he accept the rejection? 
Sure, he was angry, and he wanted to punish her, but he was punishing himself in the process also. Was he one of those self-destructive people? 
Marcy rested her head back on George's shoulder and her hand started feeling out his firm pecks through the thin fabric of his t-shirt. She smiled at the feeling of the sparks. It felt good. Everything about George felt good. 
Marcy acknowledged that he was much more than just a handsome man. He was powerful and smart to the point that even her father acknowledged him. The youngest Commander in the history of the Red Moon pack. That alone speaks volumes about his capabilities. 
Could Marcy convince George to accept rejection? That would make things easier for both of them. After all, she is going to the Dark Howlers pack to be Alpha Damon's Luna, and he can continue being the famous Commander. 
Or maybe she could use that lingering bond to make George obey her? How can she get under George's skin when he looks at her like she has poop on her face? 
He was much more pleasant like this, sleeping and quiet, and not acting like she murdered his family. 
What's his problem? Was he really so pissed about the rejection? People break up all the time! 
Marcy eyed his body, and her eyebrows shoot up when she realized that his pants were strained in his crotch area. Was he aroused in his sleep? 
The sparks tingling her palm told her that he was sleeping, but his body knew that his mate was next to him. 
Marcy remembered how George kissed her roughly in the shed and then pretended like it was not a big deal. It was obvious that he wanted to humiliate her and show her that he was above her. He made himself look like a man of steel who can't be swayed by emotions. Will he be able to keep pretending with that hard-on right there? 
Her stubbornness mixed with curiosity and desire to see how far she can go, and little by little, Marcy's hand moved lower. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
George jolted. 
What the hell? Did he fall asleep accidentally? 
Sure, he was under a lot of pressure recently and he barely slept for the last two days, but still… he was used to harsh conditions. 
However, just falling asleep was not the strangest thing. 
He was on the bed, surrounded by the scent of candy, and what he felt down there was definitely a female hand on his cock. He looked down to see Marcy with her hand in his pants. 
"What are you doing?", George asked Marcy who was so focused on jerking him off that she didn't notice him waking up. 
Marcy's head snapped up to see him and she smiled. "Don't you know what I'm doing?" 
George swallowed hard. He wanted to push her away, but at the same time, he didn't want her to stop. 
When was the last time he was with a woman? It felt like forever. 
And no matter how many women he bedded, none came with those sparks that muddled with his brain. 
But this was Marcy Redmayne. Granddaughter of the man who killed his parents and destroyed his pack. Daughter of the man he was set to kill. His mate. His mate who rejected him and he was escorting her so that she becomes the Luna of some other Alpha. 
Everything about this was wrong, yet George did so many wrong things in his life that he wondered if adding one more will make a difference. 
And why would it be wrong? He could say that he fucked the woman Alpha Damon was considering to be his Luna. It's not that George had anything against Alpha Damon but sleeping with Marcy will be something George could use to his advantage. 
The whole Redmayne family is twisted, and Alpha Edward won't care with whom Marcy slept as long as he gets what he wanted, but Alpha has his pride and Alpha Damon won't like that his Luna spread her legs for a commander of another pack… especially not while Marcy was on her way to meet with him. 
With every passing heartbeat, George came up with another reason why he shouldn't resist this. And not just resist, but he should take the lead and show Marcy what it means to be fucked by an Alpha. 
His nostrils flared when he was hit with the scent of her arousal, and that did it. 
"Ah!", Marcy exclaimed when George grabbed her shoulders and yanked her up. 
She thought that he might fling her off the bed, but she ended up on her back with him on top of her. 
"What are you doing?", Marcy asked breathily when she realized that he was pushing her skirt up. 
George let out a low chuckle that was full of danger, but somehow, it made her all tingly down there. 
"You started it, Marcy…", George said. "Don't pretend you don't know what I'm doing." 
His hand reached the cradle of her thighs and brushed against her panties. 
"Ahh…", Marcy moaned at his touch. 
"Slut.", he squeezed through his teeth when he felt how soaked her panties were. "You are a horny little bitch." 
Before Marcy realized what was going on, her panties were on the floor and George's hard and hot cock was gliding between her folds. 
"Ah… Wait… Mmm… Ah…", she struggled to say something, but her brain refused to cooperate. 
"Don't you want this, Marcy?", George asked with a devious smile on his face. "Say you want it. Say you want me to fuck you, Marcy." 
George could see that her body gave in, but he wanted to break her mind also. Total submission. 
Every time his tip pushed against her clit, her whole body jolted. She never felt anything like that, and she really wanted more. Any thoughts about her preserving the v-card were out of the window. Marcy was confident that if he stopped now, she would die. 
"Yes… yes…", she said breathily. 
"Yes, what?", he demanded, and his hips didn't stop moving. 
"I want you to… fuck me…" Marcy couldn't believe that she said those words. They were not even fully undressed! 
To make things worse, she was on her way to become another man's Luna, yet she was here wantonly losing herself with George. 
But the arousal was overwhelming, and her wolf amplified her lust, and no matter how many guys she touched before, none felt as good as George. Everything about him felt right. 
Marcy inhaled a shaky breath when she felt the pressure and the stretch, and she knew that this was happening. There was no way back. Did she want to go back from this point? Not really. 
Her core was throbbing in need to be filled, and there was only one man who could fulfill that need. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 333 - Malicious Gossip (1)
Chapter 333 – Malicious Gossip (1)
~ The Dark Howlers Pack ~ 
It was early morning when Dawn and Zina left their apartment building with Lily and Ivy. Their destination was the packhouse. 
With all the guests present (and four additional ones on their way), they had extra work related to setting up and preparing breakfast, and they didn't want to be late. 
Dawn, Zina, Lily, and Ivy spent the previous evening in the Shifters nightclub, and even though neither of them left the club with a man, the four of Omegas had a lot of fun. 
Lily and Ivy were surprised that several guys invited them to dance, and no one asked about their status. Everyone was friendly regardless of background, and for two Omegas from the Lightclaw pack, that was novel. 
They were also surprised to hear that at the Shifters nightclub, there is a VIP booth that Alpha Damon is using. Ivy and Lily never saw their Alpha mingling with common folks. 
Lily and Ivy were happy that their future Alpha (aka Tony) was associating himself with the Dark Howlers pack, and they hoped that their pack will adopt some of the liberal practices they observed so far. 
The Omega duo was at the Dark Howlers pack for a full day, and they already experienced so many memorable moments. They were eager to head to the packhouse and start working because they had a feeling that this day will also be full of interesting events. Once they clean up after breakfast, important people will go about their business. Dawn and Zina promised to take Ivy and Lily during that downtime to Darkbourne to visit the town square and shops that are there. Exciting! 
"Ester?", Dawn called when she saw the person in question leaning on her car. "Do you mind moving to idle on another vehicle? We are in a hurry." 
"I was waiting for you.", Ester responded. 
"Reeeaaaly?", Zina drawled. Last night she and Dawn were swarmed by many who wanted to know more about the group that was part of the VIP bunch at the beach that day, and they could guess Ester was here for gossip material. 
Well, they were not wrong. 
"Oh, come on!", Ester exclaimed when she saw that both Zina and Dawn were frowning at her. "I only wanted to ask a few questions. You can choose not to answer." 
"Fine. Then we will not answer.", Dawn said stiffly. "Now, can you move? We don't want to be late." 
Ester shrugged. "As you wish. Since you don't want to talk to me, I can't force you." She pushed herself away from the car. "It seems you want to hog the information about the wolf-less she-wolf who seduced our Alpha." 
Both Zina and Dawn froze. The wolf-less she-wolf didn't ring a bell, but who else could be described as the one who seduced Alpha Damon if not Talia? 
"What did you say?", Dawn asked. 
Ester raised her palms up defensively. "Woah! Lower the hostility, ladies. I'm just saying what I heard." 
Zina's face was arranged into a deep frown. "And what did you hear?" 
Ester smirked. Dawn and Zina acted all high and mighty because they were among the few Omegas allowed to work in the packhouse, but now Ester got their attention. That must count for something. 
Ester eyed Dawn and Zina knowingly before she spoke, "Everyone knows that Talia is following Alpha Damon since the Summer Solstice festival. He rescued her from the Red Moon pack and gave her a job in the kitchen. Alpha Damon felt sorry for her, and she took advantage of that and ended up working as his assistant in the office and in his bedroom. She is even entertaining those high-ranking guests, but people wonder how long she will continue to maintain her position, considering that Marcy from the Red Moon pack is about to arrive." 
Dawn was first to recover. "Who told you that?" 
"People are talking." 
"People?", Zina asked, and it took her a moment to connect the dots. "You mean, Lisa." 
Everyone was aware that Ester and Lisa used to hang out together. And considering that Ester knew that Talia was working in the kitchen and as Alpha Damon's assistant, and about sharing a room, it was easy to figure out who was flapping her mouth. 
"Is she wrong?", Ester asked, her eyes sparkling with a hunger for gossip. 
Both Zina and Dawn knew that Talia and Damon were mates and that it was not the time to make it public. But, can they just leave it like this? 
"Ester, Ester…", Dawn called bitterly. "I thought you are smarter than this." 
"What?", Ester became defensive. "I was only asking." 
"You didn't ask anything.", Dawn said. "You just parroted words of an abandoned woman who can't accept that she is no one without her boyfriend. But let's not talk about Lisa because she is not important just how it's not important if her words were true. Use your head, Ester. Do you think that Alpha Damon is easy to swindle? Do you think that a woman like Talia can trick him into accepting something against his will? Did you ever see him allow a woman to stick around for everyone to see? She was with him for several events, you saw them in the WW Magazine, and now she is acting as a host for high-ranking members from other packs." 
Ester frowned at Dawn's words. "What are you trying to say?" 
"She is saying that you should stop spreading malicious gossip.", Zina responded instead of Dawn. "If Alpha Damon hears you talking like this about a woman that's dear to him, you will end up in the dungeon, just like the rest of them." 
"Dungeon?", Ester asked under her breath. 
"Mmm…", Dawn hummed in confirmation. "It seems that Lisa told you how Talia is a scheming wolf-less moocher, but she didn't tell you that whoever offended her didn't find a good ending. Why do you think Lisa was kicked out of the packhouse? And if not for Steph being her mother, Lisa would be in the dungeon. Keep that tongue in check or start packing." 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Dawn and Zina were unsettled after their talk with Ester. 
Ester apologized and said that she will keep her mouth shut, but even if she sticks to her word, there was always a chance that Lisa spoke with more people. 
With that in mind, Dawn and Zina decided to talk to Talia. 
It would be all much simpler if Talia had a mind-link, but she didn't have one, so Dawn and Zina needed to be sneaky about it. 
"How do you contact Talia?", Dawn asked Stephanie who was waiting for them in the packhouse. 
"I reach out to Alpha Damon, and he notifies Talia. Most of the time they are together.", Stephanie responded. Everyone knew that Stephanie was one of few who could contact Alpha directly via mind-link. 
"Do you want me to ask…" 
"No, no.", Zina was quick to interrupt Stephanie. "It's not urgent. We can talk to Talia later." 
They didn't want to alert Alpha Damon, and they didn't want Stephanie to suspect something either. After all, this was about her daughter. 
Stephanie shrugged. "Suit yourself. But… if you want to contact Talia, you can talk to Rose. Since she is arranging rooms, Alpha Damon got her a cell phone, and she texts Talia…" 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 334 - Malicious Gossip (2)
Chapter 334 – Malicious Gossip (2)
It didn't take long for Dawn and Zina to leave the kitchen under various excuses. Stephanie shook her head at two silly women while wondering, what's with the secrecy? It was obvious that two Omegas left the kitchen in order to talk to Talia. 
Stephanie was right. Dawn and Zina went to meet with Rose, and they asked her to send a text to Talia. 
"Call Talia to come here.", Dawn said. "Tell her that she needs to check something in the rooms you prepared for the guests from the Red Moon pack." 
Rose shook her head in disapproval, but she still sent a text to Talia after Dawn and Zina assured her that they will take care of the rest and that Talia won't be angry about this small deception. 
A few minutes later… 
Rose stood like a statue and stared at the open door. 
Dawn and Zina nearly had a heart attack when they saw Alpha Damon entering the room. Why was he there? 
Damon wore shorts and a wrinkled t-shirt, and his hair was messy. It was obvious that he got out of the bed and put on whatever clothes he found lying around. 
Damon's eyes settled on Rose. "What do you need me to check?" 
Rose felt like crying. Talking with Talia was one thing, but Alpha Damon was intimidating, and it didn't seem he was in a good mood. Oh, God! She allowed those two misfortune-bringers to use her phone and she ended up waking up Alpha! 
Unsure how to answer, Rose robotically pointed toward Dawn and Zina whose eyes were open so wide that they formed nearly full circles. 
Damon rubbed his forehead impatiently. "Will someone tell me why I am here?" 
Dawn, Zina, and Rose also wanted to know why Alpha Damon was there. Did Rose send a message to the wrong number? 
"We wanted to talk to Talia.", Dawn responded in a small voice. 
"She is asleep. Tell me what needs to be done.", Damon said stiffly. 
While they mingled with guests, Talia was holding on, but after dinner when it was just the two of them, Talia's anxiousness was swelling with every passing minute. His kitten was nervous about Marcy coming, and they ended up talking and cuddling long into the night, and of course, they indulged in carnal pleasures a few times. 
When Damon saw the text from Rose, he decided to head down and check out the situation without waking up Talia so that she can rest as much as possible. And he was in a hurry to finish whatever was needed and return to bed before Talia realizes he was gone. 
Dawn and Zina exchanged concerned gazes. Their future suddenly became dark and uncertain. 
'TALK TO ME!' 
Dawn and Zina jolted when Damon's stern voice sounded through the mind-link for them to hear. 
It's not that they had a choice. He was their Alpha. If Damon wanted to force them, he could use his Alpha command. But even without that, Talia was their friend, and his mate, and they knew that Damon would think about what was best for Talia. 
Damon frowned when he saw that Dawn and Zina turned toward each other, and they did rock-paper-scissors hand movements. He couldn't believe that they just played a game to decide which one of them will answer. 
Zina lost the game and she steeled herself before answering. 'It was like this, Alpha… On our way here, we bumped into Ester and…' 
Damon's expression was unreadable as he listened to Zina recollecting their talk with Ester. 
"Anything else?", Damon asked when Zina finished. 
"No. That's it, Alpha.", Zina responded. 
"Thank you for telling me this.", Damon said, and then he turned around and left. 
Dawn and Zina were flabbergasted. This was the first time for them to hear Alpha Damon saying thank you. He would usually issue orders and at most hum in acknowledgment, but this… this was a real 'thank you'. They were excited. 
"What did you tell him?", Rose asked in a half-whisper. She was not sure how far Damon went, or how good the Alpha's hearing is. 
Dawn lifted her chin proudly. "This is something between us and Alpha Damon. Now if you excuse us, we need to prepare breakfast." 
Rose frowned at Dawn and Zina. Why did they exclude her? 
Without her cell phone, Alpha Damon wouldn't be here and Dawn and Zina wouldn't have this chance to boast! 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
After hearing what Zina said, Damon went straight to the study. 
He knew that Lisa was talking trash after she was chased out of the bar where she tried to approach Maddox, but the fact that she was saying things out of spite didn't mean those were lies. Sure, it was exaggerated and spiced up with malice, but the core information was correct. 
Maya and Caden joined Damon in the study. The Beta duo assumed that this was about Marcy, and they were surprised to hear that Lisa was causing issues. 
Caden pointed out the biggest issue. "How does she know that Talia is from the Red Moon pack? I didn't tell anyone." 
"Me neither.", Maya chimed in, and they didn't need to check to confirm that Damon didn't talk about Talia's background. "Other than the three of us, only Talia knew the truth. Did she tell Lisa?" 
Damon was not sure, but with Caden and Maya confirming that they keep their mouths shut, it was obvious that the information leaked from Talia. 
Damon decided to talk about this with Talia once he figures out how to bring up this topic without freaking her out. "That's not important now." 
Maya agreed. "Lisa found out from somewhere and she is flapping her mouth. We warned her to behave, but it's obvious that's not effective." 
Damon rubbed his forehead with force. "If I banish Lisa or send her to the dungeon, I will alienate Steph. I can't do that to her. She has only us. And Lisa." 
"But we need to do something.", Caden said sternly. "It is only a matter of time before Alpha Edward finds out that the mystery woman by your side came from his pack. He will start digging and he won't stop until he finds something. Right now, Talia is vulnerable." 
Damon looked at Maya. "How soon can we arrange that party where Talia will be introduced to the Elders?" And it was not just Elders, but to everyone who was someone in the Dark Howlers pack. Once they announce Talia as Damon's fated mate, the whole pack will stand to protect her, and they need to make those steps before Alpha Edward finds out about Talia. 
Maya puffed her cheeks while thinking about what all is needed for the party. "If we stick to basics, we could pull it off tomorrow evening." 
"Let's do that.", Damon said. "Prepare a list of guests and get Kalina and Mindy to help." He knew that Meg and Tatiana were busy with their mates and won't be available for some time. 
"You need to deal with Marcy before that.", Caden reminded Damon. "If you don't, people will assume that the party is for Marcy's sake." 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose. Marcy was coming and he still didn't have a plan to deal with her. What a bother. 
"What will you do with Lisa?", Maya asked. 
Damon shrugged and looked at Maya and Caden helplessly. "I'm open to hearing your ideas." 
Maya's face lit up as she thought of something. "We can't imprison her, but we can send her to the dungeon." 
Maya's words confused both Damon and Caden, and after a few moments of silence, Damon got it. 
"Maya, that's brilliant!" 
"It is?", Caden asked. 
"It is.", Maya said smugly. Caden wanted to know more, but Maya mysteriously said that he will see, and Damon was already mind-linking someone. 
When Damon confirmed how that was all, Maya stood up with, "I will work with ladies to prepare for the party. Plan for tomorrow evening. We will let you know if we need your help…" 
Maya was brimming with excitement. They will introduce Talia to the pack, and that meant Talia's Luna ceremony was just around the corner! Their pack will get a Luna. Finally! 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 335 - A Different Type Of Prisoner (1)
Chapter 335 – A Different Type Of Prisoner (1)
Talia stirred from her sleep at the sound of the door closing. 
She watched through her eyelashes as Damon tiptoed to the bed. He slipped under the cover carefully, and she could hear him exhale in relief because he thought that he was sneaky enough. 
"Where have you been?" 
Damon froze when he heard Talia's voice and he turned to her robotically. 
"I just checked something." 
"Is something wrong?" 
"What makes you think that something is wrong?" 
Talia gave him a knowing look. "I can sense your emotions, and I know you are worried." 
Before Talia could ask more questions, Damon pulled her into his embrace and kissed her forehead. 
He didn't want to tell her about Lisa. Talia already had a lot on her mind. 
Besides, Damon handled Lisa and he assigned a few of his people to pay attention to rumors and shut up any person who is talking nonsense about Talia. It was not a foolproof plan, but it was a stopgap that will do for now. Tomorrow evening he will introduce Talia to the important members of the pack, and until then he will need to figure out the issue with Marcy. 
The truth was that Damon didn't want to deal with any of it. If it was up to him, he and Talia would go to a cottage in the woods and live forever like hermits. But that was not possible because a lot of people depended on them, and Talia wouldn't approve if Damon neglected his responsibilities. 
Damon could see the end of this. He will impregnate Talia, and their child will become the next Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, and then Damon and Talia can move to that cottage, and it will be perfect. But until then… "Sleep more, kitten. There is still time until breakfast. Additional guests are about two hours away." 
Talia understood that Damon's uneasiness was related to 'additional guests', aka the group from the Red Moon pack. 
Talia didn't want to talk about them. They already said everything that should be said (at least twice), last night. There was no point in mulling over how to deal with Marcy. Damon and Talia were on the same page about what they wanted to accomplish: to send Marcy packing. They didn't know how they will accomplish it, but Talia was aware of Marcy's haughty attitude, and she believed they might be able to use that against Marcy. Somehow. 
Damon and Talia concluded that as long as they are together, things will work out. Isn't that why the Moon Goddess paired them up? 
Talia felt Damon's hand slowly caressing her back. He did that to make her relax and lull her to sleep. 
She wiggled. "Don't. It's making me sleepy." 
"I want you to sleep, kitten." 
"How can I sleep when you are working?", Talia asked. 
Damon smiled at the silly girl. "I am here now." 
Talia snuggled into him. "You are here now. I'm aware that you are working even from the bed." She wished for a power to shut down his mind-link. Only then it will truly be just the two of them. 
Talia's gaze moved on the bird she drew on Damon's shoulder with a sharpie on the previous day when they were at the beach. 
She frowned. They were in the water for quite some time, yet the ugly thing didn't fade at all. 
Damon noticed where Talia was looking. "Do you like it?" 
"I like birds, but this one is not good." 
"Really? I thought of getting it tattooed permanently.", he admitted. 
Talia's face fell. "Please, don't." 
"I thought you like tattoos." 
"I do. I mean… it's not that I like them, but I find them interesting. If you want to tattoo something, I won't stop you, but please don't go with this doodle. It's horrible." 
"How can you say it's horrible? It's from you. It's perfect." 
Talia's lips twitched. "If I knew that you will want to make it permanent, I would never agree to draw on you." 
"You don't want me to make this permanent?" 
"That's right.", Talia confirmed without missing a beat. 
"Convince me." 
"How?" 
Damon wiggled his eyebrows mischievously and Talia rolled her eyes when she realized that this was the playful Damon. He wanted sex and he was being creative about asking for it. 
Talia knew that if she just called him out, he won't get the satisfaction of thinking that he tricked her, so she played along. 
Talia ran her fingers over his chest while asking coyly, "I wonder… what can I do to convince my Alpha not to ruin his body?" 
"What is my Luna willing to do?" 
Talia bit her lower lip. "I could do… anything…" 
Damon's tongue darted as he licked his lips. "Like what? I need examples, kitten." 
"I can order you not to do it.", Talia deadpanned. "After all, you are mine, so your hunky body is mine also, and I won't allow you to ruin it." She paused and gave him a smile. "Or I could do something else…" 
Damon's eyes widened when Talia slipped lower and disappeared under the cover. 
"Ah…", a barely audible sigh escaped his lips when Talia took him into her mouth. 
His kitten was getting bolder by the day, and he loved it! 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
While Damon and Talia were lovey-dovey, someone was not having a good morning… 
Lisa sat in the back of a jeep and looked at her surroundings nervously. 
She woke up to someone incessantly ringing the doorbell of her apartment. 
"Mom!", Lisa shouted, hoping that her mom will get the door. 
After her plan to get close to Alpha Maddox failed, Lisa scampered back to the beach and sat with Ester and other girls. 
She was watching as Tony was playing cards with guys and she wished that he noticed her presence, but that didn't happen. And then all of the guys went to the lake, and not long after that Omegas started clearing up the VIP area which was an obvious sign that Alpha Damon and his guests were not going to stay on the beach anymore. 
Lisa was embarrassed and dejected, and she needed to vent her anger. However, she knew that making a scene in public will backfire. 
She gathered her things and decided to head home. To her horror, Ester was sticking to her with, "I will come with you!" 
Ester followed Lisa all the way to Lisa's apartment, and Lisa couldn't hold it in anymore and she started talking trash about Kalina, Talia, Maya, and Meg, and Ester soaked in all that eagerly behind a mask of a compassionate friend. 
Ester didn't care much about Meg or Kalina. They were from different packs. 
Maya was a well-known Beta, so Lisa didn't say anything that Ester didn't know already. 
What got Ester's attention was information related to Talia. Talia was a newly established celebrity who was associated with Alpha Damon. How could Ester miss this chance to hear gossip? 
But no matter how juicy those things were, Ester had a feeling that Lisa might be exaggerating, and that's how she ended up looking for Dawn and Zina which led to the situation in Lisa's apartment. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 336 - A Different Type Of Prisoner (2)
Chapter 336 – A Different Type Of Prisoner (2)
'DING-DONG!' 
Lisa groaned at the sound of the doorbell and shouted, "MOM! Will you get that!?" 
It took Lisa a few seconds to remember that Stephanie was probably at the packhouse to prepare breakfast for high-ranking guests; for the VIP bunch where Lisa didn't belong anymore. 
With the noise from the doorbell not stopping, Lisa dragged herself to the door. 
"WHAT!?", Lisa shouted as she flung the door open, and her eyes widened when she saw two warriors standing there and looking at her sternly. She cleared her throat. "Did you get the wrong place?" 
One of the warriors shook his head. "We are at the right place, Lisa." He gestured at her nightgown. "Change into something appropriate and come with us." 
Lisa clutched her nightgown at the chest level like they were about to undress her forcibly. "Why? Where?" 
The other warrior frowned. "Alpha's orders. You have five minutes." 
Lisa moved backward into the apartment, and she was horrified to see that two warriors walked in after her. She didn't have time to think about what was going on, so she dashed into her room and changed into shorts and a t-shirt. 
Surely, if it's Damon's orders, it can't be bad. Right? RIGHT!? 
And here she was, in a jeep, in the middle of a forest. 
Lisa knew they were North from Darkbourne, but other than that, she was kind of lost. 
And then they took a turn off the paved road, and the ride became bumpy. 
Eventually, the vehicle stopped in front of a one-story-high gray-ish building that had moss over the roof, making it blend with the surrounding foliage. If someone was not looking for this place, they could easily miss it. The road was just two strips where tires passed repeatedly, but the dense grass everywhere was a giveaway that this road was not frequently used. 
Lisa gripped the handrail of the jeep as anxiety swelled within her. Did Damon really ask her to come here with two bulky guys? What if they were lying? Ah, she should have asked for some identification! 
"Where is this?", she asked. 
The warrior that was driving responded, "The dungeon." 
"Dun… dungeon?", Lisa stuttered, unsure if she heard him right. "Why did you bring me here?" 
"Alpha's orders.", the other warrior responded. 
Lisa panicked. "Damon sent me to the dungeon? Why? I don't believe this! I want to talk to him!" 
Both warriors frowned when Lisa started throwing a tantrum. 
"It's ALPHA Damon!", stern voice of another warrior came from the side, scaring the daylights out of Lisa. She didn't notice him before. She looked around to check if more people will pop out from nearby bushes, and he continued, "You have no right to address Alpha casually or to question his commands. Our orders are to bring you here and to give you cleaning supplies." 
Lisa was sure that her ears malfunctioned. "Cleaning supplies?" 
The warrior nodded in confirmation. "You have a task to clean the dungeon." 
Lisa gaped at him. Cleaning the dungeon? She was not kidnapped or sent to prison, but she became a cleaner for the prisoners? Which one was worse? 
The warrior shook his head in disapproval at the sight of Lisa who was non-responsive. "I never saw such a disobedient Omega before." He looked at two guys who came with Lisa. "Maybe we should lock her up, to teach her how Omegas should behave." 
Lisa realized that she was in trouble. It is one thing in the town where witnesses were present, but this was in the middle of nowhere and even if these warriors snap her neck, they can hide her body, and no one will know what happened. 
She quickly scampered out of the jeep. The sooner she finishes the cleaning business, the sooner she can leave. How much work can it be to clean this one-story building? 
"No, no…", she said while lifting her hands defensively. "It was just unexpected. I didn't know this place existed and no one told me I will get this task. Please, show me the way." 
He nodded in approval. "That's better. I'm Klark. That's Lieutenant Klark for you. Don't forget my rank. Outside it doesn't matter, but here we pay attention to those things. As a Lieutenant, when I'm on duty, I am the boss. What I say goes. Understood?" 
Lisa gave him a stiff smile. Who cares about ranks? She will do this cleaning business and never see this place again. 
Klark showed her the rooms on the ground floor. 
Lisa observed with curiosity the control room that was buzzing with electrical equipment. She wanted to see what was on those monitors, but Klark didn't give her much time for sightseeing. He gave her a quick tour of the kitchen, dining area, the storage room that was used as a pantry, a bathroom with two of everything, and one room with bunk beds where eight people could sleep. Klark told her that other warriors stationed here are in the area standing guard and that they gather for meals. 
She didn't see any dirt or mess, even the kitchen was spotless, and Lisa assumed that she will be done with work in no time. 
However, Klark said that this is the dungeon. Shouldn't there be cells and prisoners and… stuff? 
Her heart picked up the pace when he showed her the elevator that went down and based on the numbers above the metallic door, there were four levels underground! 
Instead of taking the elevator, they took the right, toward the stairs, one level down. 
Lisa scrunched her nose. The air there was a bit stale, and she wondered if things are worse on the lower levels. 
"Here is the storage where you can find cleaning supplies", he said. "If you run low on anything, let me or Pete know." 
"Pete?" 
"He will be here for lunch.", Klark responded. 
Lisa peeked inside to see a sink, cabinets with various containers, mops, brooms, and there was even a vacuum cleaner. It really was a storage for cleaning supplies. 
She stiffened at Klark's next words, "This will be your room." 
Lisa's eyebrows shot up and she moved quickly back into the stuffy hallway to see what he was talking about. Klark was standing next to the open door that led to a room with a dresser and two twin beds with blankets neatly folded at the ends, and… nothing else. Bare walls had no windows. 
"My room?" 
He nodded in confirmation. "There are two beds, but since you are the only one staying here, pick whichever you want. You will eat with us upstairs, and when you need rest, you will come here. Or would you rather share a room with us? That can be arranged." He grinned. 
Lisa shook her head rapidly like a pellet drum. "This is fine, but… why would I need to rest? I can go home once I'm done, right?" 
Klark looked at her like she asked something silly. "Our instructions are to bring you here and to ensure you have what's needed for you to complete your job. This level is rather decent, but lower floors might take more time to clean. The blood got between bricks, and that's difficult to reach. Rust on the chains can also be stubborn." 
He didn't tell her that those cells were not cleaned in years, and his estimate was that if she can clean one cell daily, that will be considered as quick. 
Klark walked out of the room and gestured down the hallway. "Start with the empty cells, they are unlocked. When you get to the ones that are occupied, let us know and we will move prisoners so you can work. We don't want you to end up attacked. Some of the guys we have here are ruthless…" 
The more he spoke, the more Lisa's hair stood on ends. There are prisoners on the same floor where her room is!? They are expecting her to sleep here!? Why did she have a feeling that she will be stuck here for days… or longer? 
But if she thought this was bad, it was getting worse. 
"We have lunch settled, but we expect you to prepare dinner." 
Lisa gaped at him like he spoke in a foreign language. "What?" 
"Part of your duties will be to cook for us who are here stationed for longer periods.", Klark said. "We have warriors who patrol the area in shifts, but there is always a group that stays here for a week or longer…" 
Lisa swallowed hard. What will be her punishment if they all get stomachaches due to her non-existent cooking skills? 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 337 - Meg’s Awakening [Bonus ]
Chapter 337 – Meg’s Awakening [Bonus ]
Axel reached in front of Kai's room, and he lifted his hand to knock when he heard Kai's voice through the mind-link, 'It's not locked'. 
Axel understood this as an OK to get in. 
He was confused as to why would Kai invite him to come into his room. Shouldn't he be enjoying his bonding time with Meg? It was not even breakfast time! 
Axel's eyebrows shot up when he saw that Tyler was there in the room, squatting. 
Tyler nodded at Axel in greeting and didn't move from his spot. Axel realized that Tyler was carefully collecting something from the floor. 
"What's going…?", Axel's question was cut short when his gaze fell on the bed. 
Kai was there holding Meg who was shivering in his arms. She was wrapped in a bedsheet and Kai was caressing her cheeks and murmuring something while looking at her with a gentle gaze full of desperation. 
Axel frowned when he confirmed that Meg's body was enveloped in a thin layer of silvery light. She was glowing. Literally. 
It took Axel a second to realize. "Why did you mark her?" 
Kai froze and he looked at Axel apprehensively. 
Kai knew that he was supposed to wait until they reached the Midnight Guardians pack and he even promised to visit Meg's family first but… "I got carried away. The emotions were too strong, and my wolf urged me to do it. The timing was right, and it happened." 
Axel pinched the roof of his nose. How was this the right timing? They were in the middle of another pack! 
They all had their share of warnings to not mark their mates outside of their pack's territory because it might awaken abilities in the other party, and it can get nasty until they learn to control their power. 
But what was done was done and he needed to figure out how to fix this. 
Axel approached the bed to see Meg up-close. 
With every step Axel took, Kai's hold on Meg tightened. 
Axel rolled his eyes. "I'm not going to take her away from you. Tell me what's the status." 
"I marked her about two hours ago. She was fine for about half an hour, and then this. It's getting worse." 
Axel was about to ask for clarification when… 
'CRACK! CRASH!' 
A sound of porcelain bursting was heard, and Axel realized that a decorative vase from the corner just exploded. What the hell? 
"It's Meg's ability.", Kai said with a helpless expression. "She already busted all the lightbulbs in the room and now is going after larger pieces." 
"I opened the windows to prevent them from breaking.", Tyler said. 
Axel's gaze went back to Meg, and he saw that the silvery glow reduced significantly. "It seems she lost some of her power." 
Kai shook his head. "It's building up again. I can feel it." 
"What should we do?", Tyler asked. "We can say that they were wild and broke some stuff, but if this continues, someone will notice that this is odd." 
Axel got his phone. "Let me check with my parents and see if they have a solution for this." 
… 
"We should take her to our pack.", Axel gave them the short version after he ended his talk to his father. "The sooner, the better. I will talk to Alpha Damon and see if he can provide us with an exit where we won't be noticed." Alpha Isaac told Axel that Damon is good at keeping secrets. 
"I will take Meg home. The two of you can stay.", Kai said. He knew that this visit was important to Axel, and he didn't want to leave him on his own. 
Axel refused. "The road back home is long. You will need both me and Tyler." He wanted to get close to Talia and to talk to her, but as the future Alpha, Axel needed to prioritize tasks and it was more important to keep their pack's secret a secret. If anyone saw Meg glowing and bursting stuff, it would be troublesome for everyone. 
If they were at home, Axel would be ecstatic to find out that his future Beta got some cool ability to smash stuff without touching them, but this was no time to celebrate. 
Tyler spoke to Kai. "You hold onto Meg and keep her stable through the mate bond. Stay calm and that will reflect on her. I will ask Maya to pack Meg's stuff and when I get my things ready, I will return here to help you pack." 
"Thanks.", Kai said, and his focus went back to Meg. 
"Kai…", she called in a shaky voice and Kai could see that her eyes flickered in silver light. 
"I'm here, love. It will be OK. Whatever you are feeling, it's normal.", he murmured words of comfort. "I am right here. I won't let go…" 
He regretted not explaining any of this before he marked her. 
Meg was drifting in and out of consciousness, and Kai hoped that she won't be mad because she won't be able to see her parents until she learns to control her powers, and that could be weeks or months. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Axel was waiting for Damon in the study, and he was pleased to see that Damon came with Talia. 
Talia always had some calm about her, and there was a small smile at the corner of his lips. Whenever Axel saw Talia, his mood would improve. He really wished that she belongs to his pack and that he can take her home with him, and then they would have an open talk, but things were not going in that direction, and he needed to focus on the task at hand. 
After exchanging greetings, Talia went to her desk to do some work. She and Damon agreed not to leave each other's visible range for the day. 
"I heard you wanted to talk to me, and it can't wait for after breakfast.", Damon went right to the point as soon as he sat on his chair. 
Axel confirmed. "We are facing an emergency and we need to return home as soon as possible. My father said that you can keep this under wraps. We don't want people to know about our whereabouts." 
Damon didn't suspect Axel's words. Issues with packs are not uncommon, and his guess was that the Midnight Guardians pack was facing some crisis. And as a bonus, he was happy that Axel was leaving. Damon didn't like the way Axel looked at Talia. 
"Will you stay for breakfast?", Damon asked. 
"If you can pack some food for us, that will be appreciated. If not, we will pick up something on the way. Meg will be coming with us." 
Damon confirmed that packing food for four people won't be a problem. "I assume that Tony and Kalina know about this." 
"They don't. You can tell them after we leave. Give us at least one hour.", Axel said. 
"Won't they be worried?", Talia asked from the side. She was trying to work, but she ended up overhearing what Damon and Axel talked about. 
Meg was mated to Kai, but she still came with Tony and Kalina. With Axel saying that he needs one hour, that meant Meg won't get to say goodbye to the people with whom she arrived. Talia didn't think this was right. 
"When we reach our destination, Meg will make calls and explain things but it's critical that we reach our pack as soon as possible. The smaller number of people knows about this, the better.", Axel said. This was the truth. "Until one hour expires, if anyone asks, tell them that I'm doing something with Tyler in my room, and everyone will assume that Meg and Kai are in his room." 
"Alright. One hour.", Damon agreed. "It will be best if you leave during breakfast, so others don't notice you. I will give you one of my cars, and your car will wait for you at the border of my territory…" 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 338 - An Unwanted Invitation (1) [Bonus ]
Chapter 338 – An Unwanted Invitation (1) [Bonus ]
Within a few minutes, Damon made appropriate arrangements for Axel to leave covertly with Tyler, Kai, and Meg, and Axel appreciated Damon's discretion. 
"Thank you for doing this, Alpha Damon." And for not asking questions as to why we are leaving so suddenly and need secrecy. 
"It's not a big deal.", Damon responded. "Is there anything else?" How Damon saw this, with Axel out of the picture, there will be one less problem to deal with. 
Axel wanted to say how there was nothing else, but Talia was right there, and he only wanted a few minutes of her time, and it was important. His eyes drifted to the person in question. "I would like to speak with Miss Talia." 
Damon's expression stiffened. "Speak." 
"In private." 
Hell no! "You can speak in front of me.", Damon said curtly. 
Talia saw that Damon was irritable, and she moved to stand next to him. "I have no secrets in front of Damon." 
"But I do.", Axel said without missing a beat. 
"Then, there is nothing for us to talk.", Talia said, surprising both Damon and Axel. "Whatever you say to me, you can assume I will tell Damon. If he can't hear it, then I shouldn't hear it either." 
Damon's lips lifted into a smile. Talia's words were backed up with immense trust and acceptance that flowed into him through the mate bond, and Damon felt his chest swelling with pride. That's his mate! 
Axel was conflicted. He wanted to talk to Talia, but it seemed that Damon was part of the package. 
Axel was more than 95% confident that Talia was connected to the Midnight Guardians pack, and he was at least 70% certain that she was the child from Cassandra's prophecy. 
The reason for only 70% was the lack of Talia's mind-link. As a child of the Midnight Guardians pack, she should have that link upon birth, and Axel would be able to sense it. But Axel heard that something was off with Talia's wolf, so there was a chance the absence of her link was due to that. 
The light in the lake was proof that Talia's powers awakened, and that wouldn't happen if she was not with her mate. 
Was Damon Talia's mate? That would complicate things. 
But if they were mates, how come they didn't announce it? And why was Talia not marked? 
Was Talia with her mate long enough for her powers to awaken, and after that, she got together with Damon? Did Damon find out how powerful she is, and that's why he took her under his wing? Is Damon somehow forcing Talia to stay by his side? 
All kinds of theories swirled in Axel's mind and he couldn't voice any of them in front of Damon. 
Heck, even if Damon gave them privacy, Axel was not sure if he can say that to Talia and not sound like a madman. But there were things he could say. 
"Miss Talia, I remember that you grew up with your grandparents and only recently you came to the Dark Howlers pack. Am I correct to say that you didn't join this pack officially?" 
Damon felt his blood pressure rising and he took a moment to calm down his wolf before asking Axel, "What does that have to do with you?" 
"I believe that at least one of Miss Talia's grandparents came from the Midnight Guardians pack." 
The real version was that Axel believed Talia came from the Midnight Guardians pack, but if he said that, it would show that he doubts her background story so he went with this. Technically, it was not a lie. 
"You knew my grandparents?", Talia asked. How could Axel know her non-existent grandparents that she grew up with somewhere in the mountains? They made up that story. 
Axel shook his head. "I don't. But I have my reasons to believe so." 
Damon's face was arranged into a frown, and his hunch was telling him how Axel's reasons were not related to Talia's grandparents, but to what happened in the lake. Caden said that they all saw the light, and assumed it was the mermaids, but if Axel was somehow aware of Talia's powers, he would know better. 
Everyone knew that the Midnight Guardians are secretive, and there were all kinds of rumors about them. Some of them included silvery eyes and fantastic powers. Well, that matched Talia's description. 
To Damon, it didn't matter what Axel's motives were. Axel was looking at Talia like there was something important between them, and Damon didn't like it. 
"What reasons do you have?", Damon asked Axel. 
"That is something I can't disclose, Alpha Damon. This is related to my pack. You know that my pack has secrets, just like any other." 
"Assuming you are right. What does that mean?", Talia asked Axel. 
"Come to my pack." 
As soon as these words left Axel's lips, Damon bolted on his feet. His wolf was raging, and Damon didn't try to pacify him this time. What is Damon? A decoration? How dares Axel ask Talia to go with him? Actually, Axel's words sounded more like a demand than an invitation. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site and supporting the author — 
… 
"I will not harm her.", Axel said with haste. "This was just an invitation." 
He regretted his choice of words, but it was already out, and he didn't have the time for a soft approach and flowery speeches because Meg's charges were increasing and they needed to leave the packhouse before Meg blows it up. 
Damon's hostility was tangible and the way his eyes turned feral, it was obvious that he was on the verge of shifting into his wolf form. Every muscle in his body was tense in the desire to protect his mate. 
Axel frowned when Damon's aura splashed on him full force, but he managed to stay steady even with the suppression that made it difficult to breathe. 
Talia moved closer to Damon, totally unaffected by his aura. She knew that Damon will calm down with her proximity, and she was unsettled by Axel's words also. 
Damon's hand snaked around her shoulders, pulling her to lean on him. 
"Let's hear him out.", Talia said to Damon. It took a moment for Damon to nod and dispel his hostile aura. Only then Talia turned to Axel. "You want me to come to your pack? How much I know, you don't accept outsiders." 
"If I am right, you are not an outsider.", Axel said right away. 
"What if you are wrong?", Talia asked. 
"It doesn't matter. You are welcome to stay with us. I will vouch for you.", Axel responded. He was confident that she belongs to his pack, regardless of if she was the child from the prophecy or not. 
"What do you mean, you will vouch for her?", Damon snapped. "Speak clearly. Are you offering her to be a member of your pack? A guest? Or a prisoner?" 
Axel was shocked. "A prisoner?" 
"Will she be able to leave whenever she wants?" 
Axel pressed his lips into a line while thinking about how to answer Damon's question. 
If Axel said that she can't leave without giving them the whole story, it will only sound like he has an intention to restrict Talia's freedom, and he couldn't tell the whole story at this point. Axel was confident that after Talia understands the significance of her powers, she will choose to stay there, under the protection of the Midnight Guardians pack. 
By staying in the Dark Howlers pack, Talia was in danger, and so were people who were close to her. 
Axel saw the light in the lake, and others saw it to also. Axel guessed that Talia used her ability to save Tatiana, and he couldn't blame her for it. This time, mermaids came up like a good coverup, but what excuse will they use next time when someone sees strange things happening? And it will be only a matter of time until they connect mysterious events with Talia. 
Axel wondered, how many people already know about Talia's abilities? 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 339 - An Unwanted Invitation (2) [Bonus ]
Chapter 339 – An Unwanted Invitation (2) [Bonus ]
Author's note: 
Here is a shoutout to DespinaNY! 
Thank you, DespinaNY, for the Golden Gachapon! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
– – – 
Note: gifting and voting are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting pirates who are publishing my work without permission! 
– – – 
Talia was unsettled. Did Axel really think she will be fine to go with him, knowing that they won't let her leave? Who would accept such an invitation? 
Axel saw Talia squeezing closer to Damon, seeking protection, and he said, "Don't be quick to refuse. I can't disclose details, but you won't lack anything if you decide to come to the Midnight Guardians pack. We will keep you safe. Think about it." 
"There is nothing for me to think about.", Talia said. "Do you really expect me to follow you down a one-way path based on your hunch?" 
"We can confirm if my assumption is correct.", Axel said and that got both Talia's and Damon's attention. "There is a seer in my pack, and she has her ways to identify our pack members. Aren't you curious?" 
Damon wanted to tell him to scram, but he decided to tone it down a bit. "It seems to me that you are more curious than Talia. If your seer can do what you claim, you are welcome to bring her here. If it's confirmed that Talia's roots stem from your pack, then we can talk about it." 
Talia disagreed. "There is nothing to talk about." It was obvious that this invitation was just for her, and she had no intention of leaving Damon. 
"Let's see what he is up to.", Damon told Talia, not caring that Axel was right there and hearing Damon's mocking tone. "Just a word from a seer we never met won't be enough. I hope there will be additional proof so we know that Axel is not trying to kidnap you because that might be interpreted as a declaration of war." 
Damon had enough of tiptoeing around Axel. Midnight Guardians or not, Talia was his mate, and he wanted everyone to know that she was not an easy target. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Axel. "No one can take away what's mine. And Talia is mine." 
With Damon's and Talia's attitudes worsening, Axel didn't want to push it further. He knew that he rushed with this, and he needed to accept his losses and retreat before it was too late. 
"I apologize, Alpha Damon. My intention was not to reach for what is yours.", Axel said with his head lowered, hoping that he will pacify the grumpy Alpha. "My intention is to shed light on Miss Talia's background. There is a reason why we are not openly embracing outsiders, and if I am right, Miss Talia's presence here will bring danger to her and to others. I hope that you will allow me to bring my seer." 
The truth was that Axel was not sure if Cassandra will be willing to leave the Midnight Guardians pack. Stories of what happens to them when captured outside are too scary, and they keep everyone on their toes. Unless there is an important reason, no one leaves the safety their territory provides. 
Damon didn't want to deny this to Axel. After all, they were curious for answers also. Damon was mostly curious to find out why Axel was so stuck on Talia. In Damon's opinion, just saying that Talia was from the Midnight Guardians pack was not a good enough reason for Axel go to out of his way this much. 
After confirming a few details about his departure, Axel left the study. 
Talia sat on Damon's lap and thought about Axel's words. "Do you think I'm from the Midnight Guardians pack?" 
"Axel seems to think so." 
"And you?" 
"What I care about is that you are my mate, my other half, and that makes you the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack.", Damon responded without missing a beat, and Talia knew that he meant it. 
"What about you, kitten? Do you want to know about your background?" 
"We already know that the Red Moon pack has no information about me.", Talia reminded Damon. "What can Axel provide? Pictures of babies? The whole story about my grandparents is bogus." 
"What if he brings that seer and you find out that you belong to them? Will you accept his offer and go there?", Damon asked with difficulty. 
Talia shook her head. "No." 
"Not even to see what they are about?" 
"No.", Talia said. "For years I was alone." Scared, hungry, and hurt. "Where were they? It was you who found me, and you gave me a home." 
Talia hugged Damon tightly and rubbed her cheek on his chest. "This is my home, and that won't change no matter where I was born." 
Damon hummed in approval. He liked her response, but… "What if you have a family? Parents? Grandparents? Siblings?" 
Talia knew that Damon was asking because he lost his parents and he was missing them immensely. But for Talia, it was different. 
"Let's not worry about Axel. He wants me to go there only because he doesn't know we are mates. Regardless of how I ended up in the Red Moon pack, it's been two decades. It's too late to fix anything. You are my family now. I only hope that the part of bringing you danger won't come true." 
Damon's heart swelled at Talia's words. "And you are my family, kitten. My only family. I will do everything in my power to keep you safe." 
Talia thought that she will melt from warm and fuzzy feelings. 
She buried her face in the crook of Damon's neck and took a deep breath of his intoxicating scent. She didn't want to leave the study because that meant facing whatever was on the other side of that door, and here it was just the two of them, and it was perfect. 
… 
— This work is published on WebNovel (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Damon and Talia were heading for breakfast, and Talia knew that it was time for Axel and his group to make their exit. They will take the side door so that no one notices them, and Talia was getting restless. 
"I want to check on Meg.", Talia said. This whole secretive leaving was fine for Axel, Kai, and Tyler, but Talia wanted to ensure that Meg was not being forced. After her talk to Axel, anything was possible. 
"Axel said that no one should be alerted.", Damon reminded Talia. 
Talia halted her steps. "We already know what they are up to." She turned on her heel and started walking away from the dining room. 
Damon shook his head helplessly and followed after Talia. He was aware that when his kitten was up to something, nothing can stop her and he wouldn't want it any other way. 
Damon and Talia stepped out to see a scene of Tyler keeping suitcases in the trunk of an SUV, and Axel's body was blocking the open back door of the car. Just as Axel requested, no one else was present. 
When Axel noticed Damon and Talia, he was quick to close the door. Tinted windows prevented the newcomers to see what was going on inside, but they had a guess that Kai and Meg were there. 
"Did you come to see us off?", Axel asked. 
"Yes.", Talia responded. "And I would like to have a word with Meg." 
Axel pressed his lips into a line. How was he supposed to wiggle out of this one? 
"Can't I see her?", Talia asked. "It won't take more than a minute." 
Axel didn't want anyone to see Meg's state, but at the same time, he thought that this might be an icebreaker. If Talia sees Meg, she will realize that they are the same, and then he might convince her to come with them. 
"Meg is in the back with Kai.", Axel said and turned to Damon. "Please, wait here." 
Axel's eyes lost focus for a moment as he told Kai and Tyler that Talia will come to see Meg. 
Kai and Tyler didn't get it, but they didn't . Axel was their future Alpha and surely he knew what he was doing. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 340 - An Unwanted Invitation (3)
Chapter 340 – An Unwanted Invitation (3)
Talia stood in front of the door, thinking that Kai will lower the window, and she was surprised when the door opened. 
"Come in.", Kai called. 
Talia glanced toward Damon to see him standing on the side with Axel and then she got into the car. 
Meg was in Kai's lap, limply lying on him, and her chest moved rapidly as she struggled with her shallow breaths. Meg was wearing a short-sleeved, peach-colored dress and her whole body was glowing in an eerie silvery light. 
"Meg?", Talia called, unable to hide her surprise. When Meg didn't respond, she asked Kai. "What's going on with her?" 
Kai licked his lips nervously, unsure how to respond. He still didn't know why Axel allowed Talia to come and see Meg like this. Isn't this violation of the main rule they follow? Should he just say that he marked Meg and his DNA caused changes in her body that granted her the ability that can crack and smash things? Can he say that to an outsider? 
Talia couldn't stop staring at Meg. Kai's mark on Meg's neck was visible, and it resembled two stars next to a moon. His mark and the rest of Meg's body were pulsating in silvery light, every pulse was warm and welcoming, almost like it called to Talia, urging her to get closer. 
For some inexplicable reason, Talia knew that whatever was happening to Meg, was because of Kai, and Talia had a feeling that she can help Meg. 
Talia raised her hand to touch Meg's bare shoulder. 
"Don't…", Kai wanted to say that Talia shouldn't touch Meg. He was safe because they were mates, but there was no way to predict what would happen if someone else touched Meg when she was in this state. 
Meg's newly awakened ability was unstable and driven by emotions, and right now, Meg was scared and confused, and that was not good. 
Kai found himself unable to speak because he ended up gaping at Talia's eyes that were flickering with silvery light. He knew very well what that light meant, but he had no idea how Talia got it. Was she one of them? Is that why Axel allowed her to come here? But if she was one of them, why was she not in the Midnight Guardians pack? 
His eyes moved to Talia's hand that was resting on Meg's shoulder and he could see the light from Meg's body seeping into Talia's palm. What the…? 
Talia smiled at the sensation of the rejuvenating energy spreading through her body. It was better than a popsicle on a hot afternoon, and more soothing than chocolate pudding after a savory meal. 
At the same exact moment, Talia and Meg inhaled deeply, and a second later they exhaled together. 
Talia released Meg's shoulder and her eyes were completely silver now, giving her an otherworldly appearance. 
Kai could feel that Meg was stable. She was still leaning on him, but the glow was gone, and she was definitely sleeping peacefully. 
Kai wanted to thank Talia, and to ask her many things, but he found himself tongue-tied. 
"She will be fine for about two hours. I suggest you wear sunglasses until you learn to control that.", Talia said to Kai whose eyes were also silver. 
Talia smiled at Kai's flabbergasted expression, and her eyes flickered back to her usual honeyed color. 
Talia had no idea how she did this, she was moving on an instinct. Was her wolf guiding her subconsciously? That was a possibility. In any case, Talia knew that she helped Meg, and she also got answers to some of her questions. 
"Just how you have your secrets, I have mine. What happened here, I hope we can keep it between us." 
"Of course", Kai responded. He was grateful for whatever Talia did, and if she was right about two hours of Meg being stable, that will give them enough time to be far away from here. 
Kai cradled Meg in his arms and watched as Talia walked out of the car. This was unexpected. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
"Miss Talia…", Axel called when she closed the door behind her. The fact that Talia was not freaking out only confirmed his assumptions, and now he was 100% confident that Talia was one of them. "What you saw in there… will that make you reconsider to come with us?" 
"No.", Talia responded. 
Axel frowned when he saw that Talia walked to Damon and they embraced each other. 
"Alpha Damon can't keep you safe.", Axel said stubbornly. "You are putting him in danger by being here." 
Damon growled lowly and Talia gave his hand a squeeze, indicating that she will take care of this. "I appreciate your concern, Axel, but my place is next to Damon." 
"No.", Axel said. "You are important, and your place is in…" 
"No?", Talia interrupted him, and her face darkened. "Who are you to tell me where I belong? How can you claim that I'm important when you don't know anything about me? I endured years of hunger and abuse with no one to help me. Why didn't you find me then to tell me that I'm important? Why didn't you come to tell them to stop?" 
Axel was utterly confused. "Abused?" 
Damon's heart ached at the grief that poured into him from Talia. She was usually a happy person, easily satisfied, but she held a big sorrow deep inside her, and now she allowed it to resurface. 
How can he tolerate for Talia to bear it alone? Damon tightened his hold on Talia, hoping that his presence will soothe her, at least a little bit. 
"That's enough.", Damon said. "She is not coming with you. Not now, and not ever. Give up on that because Talia is my fated mate." They agreed to keep this only to their closest friends until the big reveal, but Damon saw that Axel was persistent to the point of upsetting Talia. With Axel knowing they are fated mates, he should give up or he will end up going against Damon. 
Axel closed his eyes and exhaled helplessly. He hoped that this was not the case. With Damon and Talia being mates, they won't separate willingly, and even if Damon can come to the Midnight Guardians pack, he won't because he is the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. This was too much to entangle and they needed to go. 
Axel looked at Damon and Talia, and gave them a stiff smile. "Congratulations on finding your Luna, Alpha Damon. Thank you for accommodating our sudden request to leave. Once we deal with our emergency and I discuss this with my seer, I will be in touch, so we can make appropriate arrangements for you to meet." His eyes landed on Talia's clear neck. "Before you proceed with marking, make sure you have at least a few days of privacy in order to get accustomed to changes. It could end badly if outsiders find out that you are one of us." 
And with that, Axel turned toward the car, and he went to sit on the front passenger's seat. 
Tyler started the engine, and after a quick wave from Tyler and Axel (they couldn't see the back row), the car moved down the driveway and it disappeared among the trees. 
"What happened in the car?", Damon asked Talia in a whisper. He was itchy to find out what happened. 
"I confirmed that I'm from the Midnight Guardians pack.", Talia responded. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. It was obvious that Axel knew this but… "If that's settled, why is Axel still set for you to meet that seer?" 
Talia shrugged. "Who knows? There is probably more to the whole story." 
She wanted to know, but she also didn't. Will she ever find out the truth about how she ended up in the Red Moon pack? Or will they only feed her lies? Was there any type of scenario that won't make her angry or sad? It was probably better not to know. 
"Let's go and have breakfast.", Talia said. "Our other guests will be here soon, and if we delay any further I might get indigestion." 
— 
This content is published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 341 - Marcy Is Here (1)
Chapter 341 – Marcy Is Here (1)
The car was moving slowly through Darkbourne with four people in it that didn't speak. 
The atmosphere was tense. 
George was driving with James in the front passenger's seat, and Marcy and Nora were in the back. 
James was looking out the window with great interest. 
It was the first time for James to leave the territory of the Red Moon pack, so for him, this was something like a vacation. Everything was fascinating and if not for George's stern expression, James would ask if they can stop and walk through the town a bit. James hoped he will get a chance to go sightseeing later, ideally, when George is not around. 
Nora was quiet since that morning. She spent the night in the back seat of this same car, alone, and she was not in a good mood, but George was there and she didn't dare say anything. George rejected her advances and kicked her out of the room on the previous night, so they were officially hostile. Nora was not sure if George told Marcy that she drugged her, so Nora was not her usual chatty self. Since they left the motel, Nora was looking out the window while hoping that no one will talk to her and she wondered if coming here was a good idea. 
Marcy was staring outside absentmindedly while trying to make sense of the mess she found herself in. 
Last night, she woke up with George in bed, one thing led to another, and they ended up having sex. 
It's not that Marcy was inexperienced, but she never went all the way before, at least not vaginally. She never imagined that it could be so… fulfilling. Was it because it was with George? He was not gentle or caring, but she still had a mind-altering orgasm and she enjoyed it very much. 
But then they finished, and her body still twitched as she was coming down from her high when George got out of the bed and left the room without a word. 
Marcy made up her mind that what happened between her and George will be kept as a memory. A one-time thing that will never happen again. Did she have any regrets? Not really. It was good and she liked it. And what's the point in regretting anyway? What was done, was done. 
What puzzled Marcy was that George avoided eye contact and practically ignored her, and the frown on his face told her that he was pissed. 
What was his problem? It's not like she forced him into anything. 
She didn't expect him to be lovey-dovey, or friendly, but he could tone down the hostility a bit. 
Marcy told herself to focus. With every passing mile, she should think about what's coming. 
She was about to meet Alpha Damon again, and she will become his Luna and that's that. 
Yes, Marcy lost her v-card, but she didn't think that was a big deal. 
It's not like Alpha Damon is a virgin and if he takes that against her, he is an asshole. As much as Damon knows, Marcy could have slept with a throng of guys already, and she would probably still have fewer partners compared to him. 
Out of all that, Marcy identified one real problem. Before she becomes Damon's Luna, she will need to make George accept her rejection. What if Damon can't mark her and it all falls apart because of that little technicality? But how can she make George do anything if he won't talk to her? 
As for George, he was gripping the steering wheel while his mind replayed scenes from the previous night. 
He was irked when he woke up with Marcy's hand in his pants. Where did she get that courage? Did she think of him like some boy-toy that she can play with when she has an itch? 
His control snapped and he ended up fucking her. 
It was a one-time thing, done in the spur of the moment, and he shouldn't think about it, however… it was her first time. 
She was not the first girl he deflowered, but Marcy is not just any girl. 
Until last night, George was confident that Marcy is a wanton slut, just like the rest of her family, and if he imagined that obstruction while entering her, he definitely didn't imagine the scent of blood. It was her first time, and she gave it to him. That meant something. 
George tried to make sense of the mess in his mind. What was he doing? 
Yes, Marcy rejected him, but she was still his mate, and he was driving to deliver her to another man. 
George was confident that he can go through with this, and that he can turn this to his advantage in his quest to eliminate the Redmayne family, but after last night, he was not so sure. 
Can he be ruthless toward a woman, his mate, who gave him her first time? 
The sparks on his cock were out of this world as he was inside her, and George gritted his teeth at the thought of how all that would be so much better if Marcy didn't reject him and cracked the bond between them. 
He was not sure if this situation was an opportunity for him and Marcy to try to fix things, or if this was the time to accept her rejection and end this charade for good. 
George glanced in the rearview mirror and he saw Marcy sitting in the back seat. Her expression was unreadable, but the fact was that she was going to deliver herself to Alpha Damon. 
George didn't get it. Was it possible that Marcy didn't care about George? If not, why didn't she stop him last night? She made the first move, and when George took initiative, she welcomed him with her arms and legs open. 
Fuck! Nothing made sense! 
He decided not to talk to Marcy until he figures out this mess he created. 
Why didn't he push Marcy away last night? If he did, he would still think about her as a cheap superficial slut from the Redmayne family, and he wouldn't have these conflicting thoughts that are jeopardizing plans he worked on for nearly a decade. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Zina and Dawn lined up in front of the main door to welcome guests. 
"What's taking them so long?", Zina asked while fidgeting. 
"They will be here in a moment.", Talia's voice came from behind. 
"How come you are here?", Dawn asked with a small frown on her face. Both Zina and Dawn knew why Marcy was coming, and they wouldn't think much about it if not for the little detail of Talia being Damon's mate. 
"Why shouldn't I be here?", Talia asked. "They are guests of the Dark Howlers pack, and I am the host. Will you respect me if I hide in my room until the bad woman goes away?" 
Zina gave Talia a thumbs up. "I admire your spirit." If that was her, Zina was not sure if she would avoid Marcy completely or if she would yank her hair off. One of those two. But Talia was here, calm and composed like she was above everything. "No wonder you are the future Luna." 
… 
Note: Pics of Dawn and Zina are added as comments to chapter 80 (where they make their first appearance). 
Comments and votes that matter are available only on the WebNovel platform where this content is originally published.. That's >> W e b N o v e l <<.
###Chapter 342 - Marcy Is Here (2) [Bonus ]
Chapter 342 – Marcy Is Here (2) [Bonus ]
Talia stood next to Zina and Dawn while waiting for the group from the Red Moon pack to arrive. 
The truth was that Talia was a nervous wreck. She didn't want to be anywhere near Marcy, and this was much more than just facing a woman who was coveting her mate. Marcy was Talia's personal bully and Talia hoped that she will be able to keep it together. 
Talia chanted internally that she needed to do this, for herself. Talia didn't want to shrink in the corner anymore and pretend to be invisible because she was not invisible, and people will come at her, and she needed to build up her courage in order to face them with confidence. How else will she be worthy of standing by Damon's side? 
After breakfast, Caden went to attend training with Tony, Paul, Nate, and Greg. After yesterday's bad first session, their morale improved as they bonded with others on the beach. 
Damon wanted to be with Talia, but she asked him to let her handle this on her own. He agreed, but under the condition that he stays nearby, so instead of going to train with the guys, Damon was in the study, catching up on work and watching over Talia through the security feed. Since the incident with Lisa and Talia, Damon requested for the equipment to be updated, and now they had HD cameras with sound included, so Damon knew exactly what was going on outside and on the whole main floor of the packhouse. 
Kalina, Mindy, and Maya were in the garden, chatting over freshly made cookies and tea, and they also told Talia to give them a holler if she needs help (aka taking care of Marcy's and Nora's bodies). Kalina, Mindy, and Maya were planning for the party on the next day, the party to introduce Talia to important members of the Dark Howlers pack, the party Talia was not aware of (yet). 
Maya told Kalina and Mindy that the three of them will start planning, and inform Talia about it when they come up with something solid. 
Maddox and Tatiana didn't exit Tatiana's room since they returned from the pack hospital on the previous day, and that was not unusual. The only sign that those two were alive was that the cart with food disappeared shortly after Mindy mind-linked her brother with the information that sustenance was left in front of the door of Tatiana's room. 
With everyone doing their thing, Talia was determined to do her part. She will be the best host ever and Damon will be proud of her. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
"Here they come.", Zina said in a soft voice and Talia's eyes snapped at the driveway to see a dark blue car approaching. 
"Wow…", Dawn said under her breath. "The driver is hot." 
"That would be Commander George.", Talia said. "The teenager on the front passenger's seat is James, the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack. In the back should be Marcy and Nora. Nora is Beta's daughter and Marcy… well, we know who she is." Talia did her homework. 
Dawn's eyes didn't leave George as the car pulled into a stop. Even before he came out, Dawn knew that George was one of the best male specimens she has ever seen. Unfortunately, his status was a problem. If he was just a driver, it would be easier to approach him. Commander comes with an influence of a high-ranking member and that also meant he was not easy to get close to. 
George was the first to exit the car. He looked at three young women at the door and gave them a nod before he bent to speak with the others in the car. They could hear George giving warnings that everyone should behave because this was not the Red Moon pack. He seemed to be the responsible one in the group. 
"Do you feel anything?", Zina asked Dawn in a whisper. 
"No. You?" 
Zina clicked her tongue. "Nothing. Pity." 
Talia was not sure if she should laugh or cry. She knew that her two friends were eager to find their mates and whenever a new face came for a visit, Dawn and Zina were expectantly waiting for their wolf will stir and notify them that THE ONE arrived. 
Dawn bobbed her head. "I wish I can eat him up." 
Zina elbowed Dawn. "They will be here for a few days. You can get your chance." Zina moved closer and spoke in a hushed voice, "Unless I get my hands on him first." 
Dawn groaned. "I saw him first. You can take the little one." 
Zina made a face. "I'm looking for a man, not a babysitting job." 
"Shush…", Dawn said to Zina. "They can hear you." 
"Don't you shush me. The rules of the game are not changing just because you saw someone first.", Zina said quickly and puffed up her chest to push her breasts out. 
Dawn rolled her eyes. "You did that on purpose." 
"There is nothing wrong in using your assets, dear.", Zina said teasingly. "You would know if you had any." 
Dawn was speechless. Sure, Zina was more curvaceous compared to Dawn, but Dawn was not a stick figure either! 
Talia was happy that Dawn and Zina were there with her. Those two were good friends and their goofing around always took the edge off any situation. 
By this time, George ended his instructions and James came out of the car; he was looking around curiously. 
The back door of the car opened, and Nora's figure appeared. Nora squinted at the sunlight and then eyed the packhouse and the landscape around it. 
Talia felt knots forming in her stomach as she remembered Nora trying to get into Damon's room at the Lightclaw pack. What was that about? Nora and Marcy also approached Talia in front of the restroom, and Talia never understood what they were trying to achieve because Kalina and Mindy had Talia's back. 
The knots in Talia's stomach tightened when Marcy showed up. It was happening. She was here. 
Talia wondered if Nora and Marcy will recognize her. She was not the shabby girl from the attic, nor the posh one they saw at the Lightclaw pack (and in the WW Magazine). This was Talia. No makeup, sharp shirt and a pencil skirt, hair lifted into a messy bun… just Talia. 
Based on their blank expressions, Talia guessed that Nora and Marcy didn't realize who she is. For now. 
To Talia, Marcy was a bigger problem compared to Cassie or a bunch of nobodies who were throwing themselves at Damon. Marcy came with the backing of the Red Moon pack, and everyone was talking about Marcy as one of the prominent bachelorettes, while Damon was the most eligible bachelor. 
Both Marcy and Damon were beautiful and powerful and… Weren't they a good couple? 
Talia swallowed her insecurities while reminding herself that the only thing that matters was that Damon was her mate. He was hers and she won't just sit and let Marcy have him. 
Of course, Talia's expectations were that Damon will not give Marcy any chances to get close, but at the same time, Talia didn't want to be the one shrinking either. She can do this. 
"Is Alpha Damon here?", James was the one to speak first. 
James, Nora, and Marcy were standing next to the car and looking at Dawn, Zina, and Talia, while George went to the trunk to get their suitcases. 
"You must be James, the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack", Talia said while taking a step forward. "Alpha Damon is dealing with some important matters, and he will see you shortly. I am Talia, your host, and these are Dawn and Zina. We will help you get settled into your rooms." 
Talia glanced at Dawn and Zina. "Go help with their things." 
Dawn and Zina bolted toward the car, with wind under their feet. To anyone watching, they looked like dedicated Omegas, eager to fulfill their duty, but Talia knew that those two goofballs were racing to reach George first. 
Talia had difficulty keeping a straight face. 
— 
Please support the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 343 - Marcy Is Here (3)
Chapter 343 – Marcy Is Here (3)
While Talia was walking down the hallway with guests from the Red Moon pack behind her, and Dawn and Zina trailing them with a suitcase each, Talia was gesturing toward the points of interest while talking, "That way is the garden… that's the living room… dining room…" 
Talia didn't meet George while staying at the Red Moon pack, but she was familiar with the other three. Being now in the company of James, Nora, and Marcy was unsettling and Talia was grateful that they didn't recognize her as the girl from the attic. 
Well, in just a few short weeks, Talia gained some weight. She was not wearing shabby oversized clothes, and her skin and hair were shiny and healthy. It was a big change. 
Once they reached the hallway where rooms were, Talia halted her steps. 
"The next four rooms on the right are yours. You are welcome to rest and freshen up. Bathrooms are the last door to the left." Talia opened the first door and gestured toward the gadget that was attached to the wall. "Each room has an intercom that connects to the kitchen. Someone will be there from six o'clock in the morning until midnight, and you can use the intercom to ask if you need something. You will find the wi-fi password, schedule for meals, and other basic information in the top drawer of the desk." 
"I would like to see Alpha Damon.", Marcy said. 
"Alpha Damon is aware of your arrival, and he will let you know when he is available.", Talia responded. 
Marcy nodded stiffly and took the suitcase out of Zina's hand before making her way into the last room out of four. 
George needed to contact Alpha Edward first, and he told Talia, "Let me know when Alpha Damon is available. Until we decide on the security detail, I will be escorting Miss Marcy." With that, George moved to stand in front of the door of the room that was next to Marcy's. 
James was eager to sightsee Darkbourne, but he kept that to himself because George was right there, and James didn't want George to report to Alpha Edward how James was slacking. 
"I will freshen up and then I would like to look around. When will the food be served?", James ended with a question. 
"We have refreshments set up in the garden. If that doesn't work, you can ask the kitchen to prepare something for you. Lunch will be ready at noon.", Talia responded. She remembered that James came here to train, so she added, "Beta Caden is currently training with future Alpha Anthony and his group. They will be at the training grounds until lunchtime. If you wish to join them, we will get someone to escort you there." 
James thought for a moment before responding, "I will go to the garden first." He had no intention of going to train if he could wiggle out of it. With that, James went to the first room while pulling his suitcase behind him. 
Nora was standing at the open door of her room and looking inside with a frown. It was a room with one bed, a dresser, an armoire, a sofa, a desk, and a chair. It was all clean and smelled fresh, but… 
"The bathroom is down the hallway?", Nora asked with disapproval obvious in her voice. 
"Yes.", Talia responded. "You will find toiletries, towels, and bathrobes. If you need anything else, let us know." 
Nora was not happy that she needed to share a bathroom. And there was another problem. "Why are our rooms on the first floor?" 
Everyone knew that in the society of werewolves, the higher one's ranking is, the higher up the building they get to stay. Yes, their accommodation was in the packhouse, but why on the first floor? Wasn't Marcy set to be the Luna? Maybe they couldn't stay on the third floor, but the second floor was definitely appropriate. 
"We have other guests staying currently with us.", Talia said. "The request from Alpha Edward was to keep you close, and this was the only area where we could accommodate you in adjacent rooms. I assure you that you won't lack anything." 
Nora was about to argue, when George spoke, "Thank you for making these arrangements, Miss Talia. We appreciate it." 
Nora frowned at George. Why was he still lingering? And why did he butt in? Didn't he realize that them being on the first floor was a sign of disrespect? 
Talia thought that George is a nice person. James seemed absentminded, Marcy and Nora were definitely on Talia's list of unpleasant people, so George was the best of the four. She liked him already. 
"If there is nothing else, I will leave you to your business. You are free to join us in the garden when you are done or to roam the area. Just let us know if you are planning to leave the packhouse so that we can alert the security and find someone to escort you if needed.", Talia said and turned to George. "I will tell Alpha Damon that you and Miss Marcy want to meet with him before lunch." 
"What about me?", Nora blurted out. 
"You will see him during lunch. Probably.", Talia responded robotically. Why did Nora think she was invited? 
George thanked Talia, and Talia walked away with Dawn and Zina in tow. 
When they turned the corner, Talia released the breath she was holding, and she looked up into a corner where a small camera was standing. She knew that Damon was watching, and she hoped that he approved of her performance. 
Dawn and Zina were chirping how handsome Commander George is, and they went to the kitchen to join Ivy, Lily, and Stephanie. They had a lot of preparations for lunch, and they wanted to be available in case Commander George uses the intercom to ask for something. Anything. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
In the study… 
Damon was proud to see how Talia handled the situation. In his opinion, those four characters from the Red Moon pack were not worthy of Talia being their host. 
Damon really wished that Talia walked out there and introduced herself as his Luna and he would stand by her side with his chin lifted high, but that will need to wait a bit. If all goes well, in a few days, they can do that. 
Damon cringed while thinking that Marcy wanted to meet with him. He knew it was coming, but now that it was here, Damon wished to lock himself into the study and not come out until Marcy leaves. Maybe Talia can tell them that he is sick with something highly contagious, and he can't see them… forever. 
'Coward', Damon's wolf spoke into his head. 
Damon rolled his eyes. 'How come you speak only when you get to pour salt on my wounds?' 
'I am here to remind you how an Alpha should behave. Avoiding responsibility is not a trait of an Alpha.' 
Damon knew that his wolf was right, but he also knew that neither of them had an idea how to deal with Marcy. 
Damon's wolf grumbled, 'She wants to be your Luna, and you don't. Why are you complicating things?' 
'I can't just chase her away.', Damon responded. 
'You were supposed to think about that before you started your womanizing. To you, it was a game of slapping their faces, and look who is getting slapped now! You are a prisoner in your own house, unable to be with your mate…' 
'ENOUGH!', Damon snapped. 
'Don't show that attitude toward me, boy.', Damon's wolf said condescendingly. 'You know I am right. I told you that you were playing with fire, but you wouldn't listen.' 
'I am aware of the mistakes I made and rubbing it in is not helping. I would appreciate your advice on how to tackle the current issues and if you don't have any, then don't make it worse.', Damon grumbled. 'Stop acting like this doesn't involve you because if Talia's wolf gets angered, both of us will suffer. And no matter how we handle this situation with Marcy, as soon as Alpha Edward finds out that his plan didn't work, he will be angered. We need to find a way to minimize damage. I don't want Talia to be in the middle of this. She already has a lot of issues to deal with.' 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 344 - Marcy Is Here (4)
Chapter 344 – Marcy Is Here (4)
Damon knew very well that his wolf was out of ideas. Actually, the best option was to introduce Talia as Damon's mate, but with Talia's wolf making that not an option, Damon's hands were tied, and he needed to look for alternative solutions. 
The door of the study opened, and Talia made her way inside. 
"Commander George and Miss Marcy want to meet with you. Soon." 
"I heard that.", Damon said sourly. "I will meet with them in the study." He thought that this location will make it more official and not cozy. He didn't want to give any cozy ideas to Marcy. 
"Do you want me to be here when they come?", Talia asked. 
"Yes.", Damon said without missing a beat and he waved with his hand, indicating to Talia to come and sit on his lap. He needed her proximity. 
The moment Talia's bottom touched Damon's thighs, his arms snaked around Talia's waist, and he buried his face in her neck that was completely exposed because her hair was lifted into a messy bun. 
He kissed the base of her neck and Talia let out a small sigh. That was such a sensitive spot. 
Damon smiled a little when he picked up the scent of Talia's arousal. He loved how her body responded to his touch. 
"Do you want to be here when Marcy comes to talk to me?", Damon asked. 
"No. However, I will be." 
"Kiss me, kitten.", Damon whined. "I am unwell and only your proximity will make it better." 
Talia stifled a giggle at the sight of Damon who had his lips puckered. How was that an image of a scary Alpha? 
But she knew that he was anxious, just as she was. This was the biggest trial the two of them got to face together. 
Yes, they jumped into the waterfall and faced rogues and Elders, but all that was unplanned and in the spur of the moment. Marcy's visit was hovering above them for some time, and it grew into a monster that neither of them knew how to face. 
If they handle it wrongly, it can reveal Talia's identity as the person who lived in the attic of the Red Moon pack, and that could lead to war. 
And they were also under stress due to Axel wanting to take Talia with him. Both Talia and Damon knew that Axel will be back, but they didn't know if he will return alone, with a backup, or with some sneaky plan to get his hands on Talia. 
Talia had a feeling that Axel is a good guy, but she couldn't understand his obsession for her to go with him. Axel suggested that the first time during Summer Solstice, and he still didn't give up on it. 
Talia needed Damon's proximity just how much he needed hers and she indulged the silly Alpha by giving him all the kisses he wanted, and he wanted many. 
"You are mine, kitten… say that you are mine…", Damon demanded between kisses. 
"I am yours, Damon.", she spoke into his mouth and when his hand snaked under her skirt, she parted her legs to give him easy access. 
Damon growled lowly when he felt how wet Talia was. 
His hands landed on her hips, and he lifted her with ease to sit on his desk. 
Talia gasped when he tore her panties in one swift move. She will never get used to him tearing her clothes, but she was turned on by the fact that he wanted her so badly that he didn't have the patience to undress her properly. 
Damon thought that Talia will remind him that the door was not locked, or that Marcy will be there later, and that she could smell the scent of their bodily fluids, but Talia's hands moved with haste to unbutton his pants, and he wouldn't want it any other way. 
Talia was hoping that remnants of their lovemaking will linger in the air for Marcy to pick up. In that way, Marcy will know that she is not special to Damon and that Damon has someone else by his side. 
They were both eager to lose themselves in each other, and to find peace in their lovey-dovey bubble, even if it's just temporary. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Marcy looked through the open window of her room into the garden. She could pick up some voices and laughter and she wished to have someone who would be her eyes and ears. 
Marcy regretted leaving Anna (aka one of Talia's bullies) behind in the packhouse of the Red Moon pack. Anna was useful, but Marcy couldn't take her with her. 
Alpha Edward was unyielding when he said that only four of them will come. "When you become Alpha Damon's Luna, you can do as you wish. Until then, be humble and do what's needed to please the man…" 
Marcy promised Anna that she will send for her as soon as she gains some foothold in this place, and Anna said that she will follow Marcy gladly, but Marcy was not so sure about it. 
Since Marcy vouched for Anna, the Omega got promoted and was doing better than before. Will she be willing to leave that comfort? Anna also promised Marcy to keep her informed about anything important in the packhouse, but Marcy was doubtful if Anna will do so. 
Anna was doing favors for Marcy in order to get benefits, and now that Marcy was not there, Anna probably found another thigh to hug. Heck, with Nora gone, Anna might be the one serving Alpha Edward. 
Marcy grimaced as bile rose up to her throat. She was still unable to adjust to the idea of her father and Nora… 
'KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK' 
Marcy moved to open the door. "Nora?" 
"Can I come in?", Nora asked impatiently when she saw that Marcy was blocking the door. 
No. "Sure." 
"Are you OK with this?", Nora asked as soon as the door closed behind her. 
"OK, with what?" 
"This! Alpha Damon making us stay on the first floor.", Nora explained. 
Marcy had a feeling that Nora was provoking her in order for Marcy to make a scene. Did she really think that Marcy was stupid and easy to manipulate? 
"It's not a big deal." 
Nora's eyes flashed in anger. "Not a big deal!?" 
Marcy shrugged. "A few days here won't make me lose hair. Once things between me and Alpha Damon are settled, I will move to the third floor, and you will get to pick your room on the second one. How about that? Until then, try not to cause trouble. If my father hears that you are the reason why my marriage with Damon fell through, he won't be happy." 
Nora didn't like Marcy's condescending tone. 
"What happened to you?" 
Marcy didn't get it. "What do you mean?" 
"Just last night we were fine and now…", Nora didn't finish. It was her way of trying to figure out if George told Marcy about Nora drugging her. 
Nora thought about it and she concluded that if George spilled the beans, Marcy would be livid, but if he didn't, Marcy would be friendly with Nora. Since none of those was the case, Nora needed to investigate. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 345 - Marcy Is Here (5)
Chapter 345 – Marcy Is Here (5)
"Were we fine last night?", Marcy repeated Nora's words robotically in the form of a question and she thought how Nora's choice of words seemed off. 
Were the two of them ever fine? No, not after Marcy found out that Nora slept with Alpha Damon and definitely not after Marcy found out that Nora slept with her father, but Marcy couldn't voice those thoughts. Not yet, at least. 
"I guess we were fine but when I woke up, you were gone, and Commander George was in our room. Tell me, Nora, what happened? Why was he there?" In my bed. On top of me. Inside me. "Where did you go?" 
A wild thought flashed in Marcy's mind, did Nora go to seduce her brother last night? Is that why George ended up in Marcy's bed? 
From a middle-aged guy like Alpha Edward to a teenager like James. Yuck! 
Nora realized that Marcy doesn't know about the whole drugging business. Good! As long as Marcy didn't know about that, it will all be fine. 
Nora didn't understand one thing, why didn't George tell Marcy? It was obvious that he was not friendly toward Nora. Did he keep that information to blackmail her later? Or maybe he didn't want drama. 
Ah! What if he tells Alpha Edward! That will be bad. 
Nora came to the Dark Howlers pack with the pretense of keeping an eye on Marcy to ensure that Alpha Damon accepts her, and if Alpha Edward finds out that Nora drugged Marcy… Nora decided to think about it later. 
Unless Alpha Edward brings up the drugging incident, Nora will pretend it didn't happen. Actually, even if George rats on her and Alpha Edward demands an explanation, there is no evidence. She will tell Alpha Edward that George was hitting on her, and when she rejected him, he came up with that malicious lie. Yes, that will work. With this thought, Nora relaxed. 
Nora puffed her cheeks dramatically. "Didn't Commander George tell you? He showed up out of nowhere and told me to scram. I waited outside for some time, but when it got late, I went to sleep in the car. I didn't dare get back into the room while he was there." This was the truth with the middle part omitted. 
Nora had a feeling that if she can't have a proper conversation with George, Marcy can't have it either. Besides, Marcy barely spoke a few words with the man since they left the Red Moon pack, so Marcy going to George to ask for an explanation would be highly unlikely. 
Marcy didn't respond, confirming Nora's suspicion that Marcy was ignorant about what Nora did. 
Nora decided to make her exit. "I need to change and shower." She didn't freshen up in the morning because she was stuck in the car until breakfast time. "I will hold you to your word that you will let me pick my room on the second floor. I want a good view." 
With that, Nora headed for the door. 
"Ah!", Nora exclaimed the moment she stepped into the hallway. 
Marcy craned her neck to see that Nora bumped into George. Why was he standing there? 
George's eyes darted from Nora to Marcy. "Is everything alright?" 
"Of course, it is.", Nora said stiffly. "We were just talking." She side-stepped him and disappeared into her room. After the previous night, Nora didn't want to deal with George. The man was unstable and violent. 
Marcy stared at George who was looking to his right until the door of Nora's room closed behind her, and then he turned to look at Marcy. 
"What did she want?" 
Marcy swallowed hard. "Nothing." 
George's anger swelled. What did she mean by, nothing? George gave his report to Alpha Edward and he heard every word that was said between Marcy and Nora. Didn't she realize that her window was open? If they wanted to make it private, they should have used the mind-link. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
Marcy stepped back on instinct when she saw George making his way into her room. Why did he close the door behind him? 
She continued moving backward until her back hit the wall. 
George didn't stop approaching Marcy until he nearly pressed her against the wall with his body. 
He was irked that they had sex the previous night, and it was her first time, yet she was acting like everything was normal. 
Part of him hoped that Marcy was silent in the car because she was reconsidering the arrangement of being Alpha Damon's Luna, and he thought that she will ask George to stop the car and turn around. Surely, after experiencing intimacy with a mate, she should know that no other man can make her feel that way. However, after overhearing the conversation between Marcy and Nora, George realized that he was wrong. 
Marcy was still going through with it like last night didn't happen. Was she only toying with him? This thought enraged him. No one gets to toy with an Alpha. NO ONE! 
He grabbed her chin roughly and lifted her head. "What did you talk about with Nora?" 
"Nothing.", Marcy repeated. When George narrowed his eyes at her, she asked, "What do you want?" 
"I want things that belong to me." 
George had no idea why he said this, but his wolf was pushing him to get closer, much closer to Marcy. 
He had an urge to remind Marcy that she belongs to him. 
George cursed internally. Stupid bond! It was cracked, but it still influenced him in ways he didn't want. 
Didn't he decide not to talk to Marcy until he figures out what to do with her? Her scent of candy tempted him to stop resisting and his cock throbbed painfully in the desire to sink into her tender flesh. 
This was the problem with Alphas. Their wolves were much stronger compared to others and they provided an advantage in strength, speed, and aura, but all that came with ridiculously powerful animalistic urges to possess things that belong to them, and George's wolf saw Marcy as his. 
It was easier to stay away from Marcy when others were around. George used all his willpower to suppress his wolf because he needed to pay attention to his image and not get in trouble, but now it was just the two of them, and George lowered his guard which allowed his wolf to take over. 
Marcy's eyes widened as she understood George's words. Did he want her? She pressed her legs together as graphic images from the previous night flashed in her mind. 
"This… is not right.", Marcy said breathily. "Don't make things more difficult than they already are. I am here for Alpha Damon. You should accept my rejection and we should move on." 
George's nostrils flared in anger, and he pinched her chin harshly. "You want me to step back so that you can move on? Do you think it will be that easy?" 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 346 - Marcy Is Here (6)
Chapter 346 – Marcy Is Here (6)
George towered above Marcy, and she could feel his heat splashing on her body. 
Marcy's system was getting overloaded with George's sweet scent of clover and her wolf urged her to close that minuscule distance between them. 
Marcy cursed herself internally. Why did she want to wrap her arms around George? She was here for Alpha Damon! 
Marcy's thoughts were obvious as her face got flushed and George could smell her arousal. But why was she glued with her back to the wall? Her hands were balled into fists. Did Marcy think that she can resist this pull between them that was still there despite Marcy damaging it with her rejection? 
George was determined to break her will and to show her that she belongs to him. 
His free hand snaked to reach low on Marcy's back and her heart skipped a beat when he undid the button at the back of her skirt. In the next moment, the zipper came open, and her skirt slid down her legs and fell on the floor. 
Marcy's wolf howled in pleasure when George's hand moved under her shirt and pushed her bra up so that he can palm her breast. 
Marcy moaned when he twisted her nipple. 
"Who do you belong to, Marcy?", George asked in a dangerously low voice. 
"I… I…", she struggled to speak. She knew that this was not right and she should push him away, but her wolf said otherwise, and Marcy released a shaky breath while acknowledging fervent pulses of need that were converging at her core. 
"Say it!", George growled. 
Marcy felt his hand moving away and she stuck her chest out to fill his palm again with her tender flesh. 
"Yours. Yours!", Marcy said with haste. She would say anything, just to make him do what he was doing, and she wanted more. 
He sneered and Marcy took that as approval. 
Her hands moved reluctantly to the buttons of his pants, and when he didn't stop her, she undid the buttons quickly. 
"On your knees, Marcy.", George ordered, and she obeyed. 
He pressed his palms on the wall behind Marcy to steady himself as she took him into her mouth. She knew what she was doing. 
George loved and hated every moment of Marcy sucking him off and he despised himself for being weak. 
'Just once. Just this once…', he told himself and he fisted a handful of Marcy's hair while thrusting into her mouth, allowing himself to get lost in the heat and softness that came with the sparks of confirmation she was made for him. 
A deep growl ripped from George's chest as he shot his hot seed at the back of her mouth, and he yanked her head away when she licked him clean. 
"What are you doing?", Marcy blurted out when she realized that he was buttoning up his pants. 
George paused. "Did you say something?" 
She got up and wiped the saliva from her chin with the back of her palm. 
"Are you leaving?" 
George's lips lifted into a smirk. "Don't you want me to leave?" 
'What kind of a question was that?', Marcy thought while frowning. They both knew what she wanted, but George wanted her to say it. 
"Don't leave. Not before…" She swallowed hard. "You fuck me." 
George's eyes flashed in surprise. He really didn't think she will say it outright. "Is that what you want, Marcy?" 
"Yes." 
He inched closer and his breath splashed on her face. "Tell me what you want. In details, Marcy." 
She blinked rapidly. "I want your cock in my pussy." Seeing that he didn't move a muscle, Marcy exhaled in frustration. "Didn't I give you a blowjob just now? You could at least… AH!" She shrieked when he grabbed her neck and pushed her toward the bed. 
Marcy fell on the mattress, face down, and she jolted when she felt George pushing her panties to the side. 
She stuck her ass up in the air and fisted the cover while waiting to see what he will do. 
There was the pressure and stretch and then George gripped Marcy's hips and started pounding himself into her, pushing her closer to rapture with his every thrust, and she muffled her cries into the pillow. 
George was lost in the sensation of Marcy's tender flesh gripping his cock flawlessly and he was glad that he took her from the back because she didn't get to see his blissful expression. 
Her hips were rocking to meet his, making his brutal assault even more violent. 
"Fuck!", he cursed. 
She loved it rough, and George didn't hold back. 
With a muffled groan, George released his load deep inside Marcy and her body twitched in the orgasm that wrecked her insides. 
He pulled out and when he released her hips, Marcy plopped sideways on the bed while gasping for air. 
She watched him as he buttoned up his pants, and he left her room without a word. Again. 
Marcy didn't know how to process what happened. Her insides throbbed as she was coming down from her high, and her wolf urged her to go after George and ask for more, but Marcy laid on the bed and stared blankly at the closed door. 
After an unknown measure of time, Marcy released a shaky breath. She was about to meet Alpha Damon and she needed to tidy up before that. 
What happened with George was a confirmation that she needed to convince him to accept her rejection because this… it can't happen again. No matter how good it felt. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
George slammed the door of his room behind him, and he jabbed his hand into his hair. 
What the fuck was that? 
His mind was a mess and he wanted to shift into his wolf form and go for a run, but he feared that his wolf will just run to Marcy. Stupid animal! 
Did his wolf really expect that George will forget who he is, and what Marcy did, because sex is good? 
George took a mental note not to allow his wolf to resurface again. This was dangerous. Luckily, no one saw or heard them, but next time they won't be so lucky. 
What next time? 
The smartest thing would be to accept Marcy's rejection. But he won't do it before he gains something out of it. Surely, he didn't suffer last few weeks for naught. 
Marcy might say that she wants to be with Alpha Damon, but her body was saying otherwise. 
Can he take advantage of that? 
He felt like slapping himself. Why was he thinking about sex with Marcy again? 
George went to his suitcase and got a change of clothes. He needed to shower before Alpha Damon summons him into the study, and George didn't want Marcy's scent on him when he goes there. Surely, as an Alpha, Damon will be able to pick up that detail, and then everything will be ruined. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 347 - Wanton Scent (1) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 347 – Wanton Scent (1) [Bonus Chapter]
Talia walked in front while guiding Marcy and George to Damon's office. 
Talia was nervous knowing that this will be it. The first meeting of Marcy and Damon. Will it be their last one? Talia hoped so, but realistically… probably not. 
She could feel Damon's anxiousness increasing with every step she took. He was watching them through the security feed, and he knew they were coming. Somehow, knowing that Damon was a nervous wreck, made Talia feel a bit better. 
Talia did her best to compose herself. 
What's the worst that can happen? 
Based on what Mindy said, things could escalate, and in that case, Maya, Kalina, and Mindy will help her hide the body. 
Maya's estimate was that they will have at least one week until people notice that Marcy was missing, and by then they will figure out how to deal with the aftermath. 
One thing confused Talia. She was walking in front because she was leading the way. But what about George and Marcy? 
Marcy was the main guest and George was her guard. Why was he walking in front of Marcy? 
Based on the hierarchy werewolves respected, Marcy should walk in front. 
Something didn't seem right, but Talia couldn't put her finger on it. She hoped that Damon will be able to figure it out. 
George had his signature unreadable expression, but his insides were twisting into knots as he fought his internal battle. 
His wolf wanted to turn around, grab Marcy, and run away with her to a place where no one will find them. On the other hand, George didn't want anything to do with Marcy. 
George knew that this was the bond. Will one bond make him abandon everything he worked so hard for? 
He finally got close to Alpha Edward and is able to pry into the secrets of the Red Moon pack. He is only a step away from avenging his parents and his pack. 
If Alpha Edward finds out that George and Marcy are mates, all that will collapse. And if Marcy and George were not mates, George would be able to dismiss Marcy easily, just like any other woman. 
George couldn't deny that every time he and Marcy touched, it felt heavenly. His anger swelled again. It would feel much better if she didn't ruin the bond between them! 
And why did she do that? So that she obeys her father? So that she becomes Alpha Damon's Luna? 
George wondered, should he tell Marcy that he is an Alpha? No. For Marcy, that won't change anything because other than his Alpha bloodline, George didn't have anything else going for him. 
George was aware of the possibility that if Marcy found out about his true background, she will tell Alpha Edward, and then years of his hard work will be for naught. 
Marcy rejected George when she thought he was an Omega, and she was not willing to accept him as Commander George either, and all that was only so that she can give herself to an Alpha who was not her mate! 
He couldn't believe that less than an hour ago she was moaning his name, yet now she was going to become another man's woman. Power-hungry bitch! 
Marcy walked behind George while clutching the hem of her blouse. 
She knew that this was it. She was about to meet with Alpha Damon. She needed to leave a good impression. But, why was her mind all over the place? 
It was all George's fault! If he accepted her rejection right away, none of this would be a problem! 
And if George didn't come to her hotel room last night, she wouldn't know about the ecstasy of having him inside her. And if he didn't come to her room just an hour ago, she wouldn't have these doubts if going along with her father's arrangements was a good idea. 
Marcy told herself to drop any thoughts about resisting her father's wishes. He took her passport, and his men are everywhere. Only by becoming Alpha Damon's Luna, Marcy will get her chance to do what she wants. What did she want? Marcy was not sure, but once she gets the power, she will figure it out. 
She looked at the broad back in front of her. George was not romantic, gentle, or caring. He was nothing like the prince charming she imagined many times, but everything about him was right… everything was right except that he was not Alpha Damon. 
Marcy took a deep breath to compose herself, but the sweet scent of clover made it all worse. Damn it! 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
The door of the study cracked open, and Damon watched as Talia walked in first, and he knew that she didn't look at him because her composure might crack. It was better this way. He will handle Marcy, and Talia will get to see him clear the path for them. As a man, he should do this. 
Once Marcy is out of the picture, Talia's wolf will be pacified, and Damon will get to mark Talia and they will be official! Yes, yes. He will focus on the end goal and that will be his drive to go through whatever is coming. 
Damon blinked to see Marcy and George standing in front of his desk. It seems that he spaced out a bit. 
Damon stood up and gestured toward the chairs on the opposite side of his desk. "Have a seat. I hope your trip was pleasant." 
Marcy frowned at this stony welcome. Sure, she didn't expect hugs and kisses right away, but this was too detached. Is this how a man welcomes his future wife? 
"It was. Thank you, Alpha Damon." 
It was George who responded, and he took a seat on one of the two chairs. 
Marcy sat on the chair next to George and glanced around. 
With her every next inhale, Marcy detected something she could describe as a wanton scent and she wondered what exactly Alpha Damon was doing in his study. The window was open, and the intensity of the scent told Marcy that whatever thing Damon did, it was recent. 
Marcy's eyebrows shot up when she saw that Talia was still in the study, and she also had her own desk and everything. 
Marcy concluded that Talia was much more than just a host. 
Wait! Didn't her father tell her that Alpha Damon had an assistant? 
With the lustful scent lingering in the air, Marcy had a hunch that Talia is assisting Damon with more than just checking his emails and answering phone calls. 
Damon's attention was on George. "I heard you wanted to meet with me." 
"Yes.", George responded. "Alpha Edward wanted me to ensure that future Alpha James is getting the most out of this visit by attending training. If he can learn with the group from the Lightclaw pack, that would be for the best." 
Damon expected this. "We can arrange that. Do you have any specific requirements we should be aware of? I won't make guarantees, but if possible, we will accommodate them…" 
George and Damon started talking about training-related issues and Marcy pressed her lips into a line. 
Marcy felt like an extra. Shouldn't she be the main person? 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 348 - Wanton Scent (2)
Chapter 348 – Wanton Scent (2)
'Patience, patience…', Marcy chanted internally while Damon and George talked about James' training nonsense. 
She was confident that once they finish talking serious business, Alpha Damon will focus on her. 
After all, she is his future Luna. He won't ignore her. 
Eventually, Damon and George ended the talk about James' training with the agreement that James will join in the afternoon session. With that, George went to his next topic. 
"Alpha Edward instructed me to escort Miss Marcy everywhere until we establish security protocols." 
Marcy frowned at this. Didn't her father say that George's task is to ensure Marcy reaches the Dark Howlers pack safely? What was that nonsense about escorting her? 
Damon thought for a moment before responding, "We have patrols in the area. Due to security reasons, we don't share that information with the outsiders, but I can assure you that the packhouse and vicinity are safe. As you can see, none of us has additional security. However, I have no ions to you escorting Miss Marcy until you are satisfied." 
Marcy had a bad feeling about this. Was George going to stick to her forever? 
But before she could say anything, Damon was talking to her. 
"Miss Marcy, do you foresee occasions where you will stray away from the group? Do you plan to go somewhere on your own?" 
Marcy was not sure how to respond to this. "Other than spending time with you, Alpha Damon, I don't have other plans." 
Damon was about to say something, when his wolf exclaimed in his head, 'Wait!' 
'What?', Damon grumbled back. 
'I know you want to diss her, but don't.' 
Damon was confused. 'Didn't we agree to set the mood from the start that will send a clear message about how Marcy is not important? I remember clearly that the motive was to get Marcy pissed so that she makes a scene and I kick her out.' 
'Trust me. Just continue talking to the non-mate like you are interested and let me observe. There is something strange going on with the Commander.' 
Damon gritted his teeth in annoyance. Who cares about Commander George? 
Damn it! Damon had a good point to make, but with his wolf interrupting, he lost his train of thoughts. 
What did Marcy say? Oh, yes… something about spending time with him. How can he respond like he was interested without taking it too far and without making Talia misunderstand? Talia was working on her computer, but Damon felt Talia's anxiety bubbling. 
Damon plastered a smile on his face and prayed that this will work. 
"As much as I would love to spend time with you, Miss Marcy, you should be aware that we are currently hosting guests from other packs, so we can't ignore them." 
For Damon, the WE was for him and Talia, but for Marcy that WE was for Damon and Marcy. 
Marcy's lips lifted into a smile. "I understand. Should I entertain the guests?" 
Damon released a sharp breath because he felt Talia's hostility rising by the second. He really wanted to tell Marcy to scram, but his wolf was urging him to add more fuel to the fire. 
Damon wondered, what exactly was his wolf planning to accomplish? To get rejected not only by Talia's wolf but by Talia herself? He didn't want to sleep on the sofa! 
However, his wolf got him out of the pickle many times, so Damon decided to trust the old guy. He needed to act swiftly before Talia blows up. 
… 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Don't support illegal copies! Read from the original site to support the author — 
… 
"If you could entertain them, that would be splendid.", Damon said to Marcy, and when Talia's anger hit him full force, Damon added. "Keep in mind that Talia already has a schedule for the next couple of days. You can coordinate with her to see where you can participate and if you have ideas on how to improve it, I'm confident that Talia will consider your inputs." 
Marcy smiled brightly. "I will be happy to help. I don't know what Miss Talia planned, but I assure you that I know how to organize age-appropriate entertainment." 
Alpha Edward told Marcy to jump into the whole future Luna role as soon as possible. She thought it will be difficult, but it was easier than expected. However, she was not pleased with just entertaining guests. "I hope that we can set aside some time for the two of us. Maybe after guests retreat for the night." 
This time, even Damon felt hostility sizzling from George. It was a bit exaggerated for a guard, but Damon didn't have time to think about it because Talia was listening, and any misstep could put him in big trouble. 
'Any more, and we will be in trouble with Talia.", Damon growled at his wolf. 
'OK. You can back off now.', Damon's wolf responded, and Damon took this as his cue to get things to a closure. 
Damon stood up from his chair. 
"It will depend on my schedule, Miss Marcy. I'm sure you know that Alpha's duties don't end with entertaining guests. I will let you know when my calendar clears up. In the meantime, feel free to explore the area, participate in activities, and make yourself at home." 
By this time, Damon was next to the door, holding them open in a sign that George and Marcy should leave. 
Marcy frowned. She just got here and was supposed to leave? She turned to Talia. "Miss Talia, when can you show me the schedule?" 
"I have a few important things to deal with here.", Talia said while gesturing toward her computer. "I will find you when I finish." 
George was first to get up. He nodded at Talia and extended his hand for a handshake toward Damon. "Thank you, Alpha Damon. We will see you for lunch." 
Damon shook George's hand and then robotically extended his hand toward Marcy. 
'Smell her!', Damon's wolf exclaimed in Damon's head and the moment Marcy's hand landed in Damon's. Damon tugged Marcy toward her, and he leaned closer while inhaling discretely. 
Talia narrowed her eyes at Damon who was getting too close to Marcy. What the hell was he doing? Did he just sniff her? But Talia didn't move from her spot because, officially, she was Damon's assistant. 
Talia waited patiently for Damon to close the door behind George and Marcy, before asking irritably, "Does she smell good?" 
Damon turned to Talia robotically. "George." 
"What?" 
"There is something going on between Marcy and George.", Damon said. When he saw that Talia was frowning, he explained, "While I was talking to Marcy, George was getting hostile. And now… I picked up a hint of George's scent mixed in with Marcy's. It was arousal with something else. Like when I enter a room that was recently used for carnal pleasures. Definitely wanton." 
Talia blinked. "Wanton?" 
"My wolf agrees." 
"What does that mean?" 
"I'm not sure.", Damon admitted. "But it's something we should explore. Let's find out what's going on." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 349 - Wanton Scent (3)
Chapter 349 – Wanton Scent (3)
Seeing Talia's grumpy expression, Damon sashayed toward her. 
"Is my mate jealous?", he asked in a singing voice. 
He wrapped his arms around her and nuzzled her neck with his nose. "Are you, kitten?" 
Talia regretted that Damon can feel her emotions. But even with that, she had no intention of admitting it. "Hmph! Who will be jealous of you?" 
Damon chuckled. "As much as I enjoy that you are so possessive of me, there is no need. When I spoke with Marcy like she was welcome here, it was because my wolf urged me." 
'Traitor!', Damon's wolf shouted in Damon's head and Damon ignored him. It's not like he was lying. 
"Kitten, you need to believe me. No woman compares to you." 
Talia could feel the sincerity behind his words and her fighting spirit diminished. She punched his chest weakly. "If you get close to Marcy again like that, I might break every part of your body that came in contact with her." 
Damon swallowed hard. Somehow, he knew that Talia was not issuing empty threats. "It was for the purpose of smelling her. With George and Marcy next to each other, it was the only way to confirm that his scent was coming from her as well." 
Talia knew he was right, but… "I didn't like it. Next time, find another way to confirm stuff. Maybe I should start sniffing guys to prove…" 
"No, no!", Damon interrupted her. "Message received. Loud and clear." 
Talia stifled a laugh. When will he understand that she wants to be his equal in everything? And that means that if she can't sniff men, he definitely can't sniff other women! But this was no time for petty bickering. 
While thinking about their situation, Talia thought of something. "If Commander George is upset at the idea of Marcy being with you, will she be jealous if he is with another woman?" 
Damon shrugged. "We won't know until we try." 
Damon's face lit up as an idea popped into his mind. "We don't necessarily need Marcy to slip so that we can send her packing. If Commander George loses his cool, we can shift the blame on Marcy and wrap it up as disrespect. And if we confirm that George and Marcy are doing something fishy, that will be the nail in the coffin." 
Damon looked at Talia expectantly. "Kitten, are you with me in this?" 
Talia smiled at the silly Alpha. "I am with you in anything." 
She buried her face in his chest and took a deep breath. Forest and dark chocolate. Her favorites. 
"Damon?" 
"Hmm?" 
"Do you think that Marcy and George could smell what we did before they came here?" 
Damon chuckled lowly. "Absolutely. It was fresh, so they definitely picked it up. I saw Marcy's nose scrunching more than once." 
She thought of something else. "Was George's scent on Marcy fresh?" 
"What do you mean?" 
"I mean, they came here two hours ago, and before that, they spent a few hours in the car. If his scent was fresh, doesn't that mean they did it here?" 
Damon thought how that makes sense. "Let's check the security footage." 
"We have cameras in the rooms?" 
"No. Not in rooms.", Damon responded. "But hallways and common areas are covered, as well as the perimeter around the packhouse. We can see where they went and if they were on their own…" 
– – – 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
A bit later, in the garden… 
Talia smiled while approaching her girlfriends. It was good to see Mindy, Maya, and Kalina. 
Before leaving the study, Damon and Talia looked at the video surveillance and saw that George and Marcy were in Marcy's room for some time. It was definitely an opportunity for them to get frisky. 
They also confirmed that their four new guests were in their rooms, and that's why Talia decided to have a quick chat with Mindy, Maya, and Kalina, before going to Marcy to discuss the so-called schedule where she can participate. 
Talia plopped on the chair and let out a long breath. 
"That bad. Eh?", Kalina asked. They knew that Talia was away to welcome the group from the Red Moon pack. 
"Here is the thing…", Talia quickly shared how she and Damon suspect that something is going on between Marcy and George. 
"Are you expecting us to be friendly with Marcy?", Maya asked with a frown. 
Talia shrugged. "I'm not sure. I guess you can do whatever you want, as for me, I will be Damon's assistant. We should pretend to have girly time with Marcy and see if we can push George's buttons. Ideally, he will make a scene and we will blame Marcy for it, and Damon can use that to kick them out." 
"If we need a scene, let's go to Darkbourne.", Kalina suggested. "Witnesses could be helpful." 
Maya agreed. "Let's have lunch out. Just us, girls. Since George is acting as Marcy's bodyguard and we are going out, he will tag along, and we can talk about things like hooking up with guys and stuff." 
Kalina thought of something. "Isn't that Nora here also? Considering what I've seen in my pack, she has a short fuse and a few loose screws in her head." 
Mindy leaned over the table and spoke in a whisper, "The rumor is that Nora will sleep with anyone, as long as he is a high-ranking member. Watch your mates, ladies." 
Maya frowned like she tasted something sour. "I heard about her. If we need someone from the Red Moon pack to cause a scandal, Nora would be my first pick." 
Mindy thought of something. "Maya, can you ask a few good-looking warriors to be around? Maybe we can use them." 
"You wanted to say how YOU can use them…", Kalina said through giggles. 
Mindy shrugged. "There is nothing wrong with mixing work and pleasure. You have your mates, but I don't." She turned to Maya. "Emphasis on good looking." 
Maya stifled a laugh, but she knew that Mindy's suggestion had a point. The warriors could be used to keep Nora busy, and also to provoke George. 
Talia was surprised to see that her girlfriends came up with plans on the spot. She was really glad to have them on her side. 
While Maya, Mindy, and Kalina chatted, Talia's eyes fell on the scattered papers on the table among the plates with snacks and cups with tea. 
"What is that?", Talia asked. 
Maya responded. "We are planning a party for you." 
"For me?" 
"It seems Damon didn't tell you.", Maya said. "Damon wants you to meet with the Elders as soon as possible." 
Talia knew that a party was coming eventually. She had one question. "When is the party?" 
"Tomorrow evening.", Maya responded. 
Talia thought that she heard it wrongly. Tomorrow? She was not ready! 
Axel just left, Marcy was here, and a party was coming? 
Talia was not sure how much stress she can handle before falling apart. 
Seeing that Talia's expression was not good, Mindy put her hand over Talia's and gave her a squeeze. "Don't worry Lia. We are here to help you out." 
"I know. Thank you…", Talia responded weakly. 
She took a mental note to ask Damon why were they pushing a party among all this mess? Don't they have enough going on? 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 350 - Lunch With The Next Luna Of The Dark Howlers Pack (1)
Chapter 350 – Lunch With The Next Luna Of The Dark Howlers Pack (1)
Lunchtime… 
Damon sat at the head of the dining table in the packhouse and looked at the people who were seated there. 
Caden, Tony, Paul, Nate, Greg, James. 
The seat on his left was empty. That's where Talia was supposed to be. He would hold her hand, cut the food for her, and feed her, but she was not there, and he missed her immensely. 
Nothing made sense without Talia. The food didn't taste good, and the colors of the world faded. 
Only with Talia's absence, Damon understood how much he was attached to her. In a few short weeks, Talia became an integral part of Damon's life and without her, Damon felt empty. 
Yes, Talia told him that she is going to Darkbourne for lunch with girls as part of the plan to isolate Marcy and to make her slip, but Damon was uneasy to have Talia out of his visual range. Doesn't she know that she always gets into trouble and some random guys stick to her? 
Damon didn't like it. 
"How can George go, and I can't?", Damon grumbled while squeezing Talia against his body in a hug that nearly made her unable to breathe. 
"He is going as Marcy's bodyguard." 
"I want to guard your body.", Damon said without missing a beat. 
Talia shook her head at the clingy Alpha. She was not sure if he was talking about attending lunch, or naughty stuff, but she didn't want to ask for clarification because it was probably both. 
"If you are there, Marcy will be at her best behavior. It's just this once. Maya told me that we will make Marcy feel important and if all goes well, we will have lunch tomorrow without Marcy, and we won't need to worry about her ever again." 
Seeing that Damon's expression softened a bit, Talia added, "I'm not a pushover. Did you forget that your mate is awesome?" 
Damon was not amused by her cheeky tone. He was genuinely worried. "Don't use your power, kitten." 
"I won't. Maya, Kalina, and Mindy will be there. Who can bully me with them around?" 
And here was Damon, in the packhouse, stuck to have lunch with six guys. 
Sausage fest. 
Caden was talking about training, and Damon remembered, "James will join you for the training, starting this afternoon." 
The teenager in question nearly dropped the fork from his hand. He was eating without a care in the world and scrolling through human entertainment news on his phone with his right hand when Damon dropped this bomb. "I will?" 
Damon nodded in confirmation. "I discussed it with Commander George. He will focus on guarding Miss Marcy, so Caden will be in charge of your training going forward. You will start with evaluation, and take it from there…" 
This was the only good thing that came from Damon meeting with Marcy and George earlier that day. 
Damon liked the idea of George shadowing Marcy everywhere. Like that, there will be no chances for Marcy to catch Damon on his own, and he won't end up in a tricky situation like Marcy falling into his lap accidentally. 
And Damon was back to thinking about Talia. 
How was she doing? 
He could feel some discomfort coming through the mate bond, and he would be surprised if Talia was happy to have lunch with Marcy. 
Damon decided to do something that will lift Talia's spirits. He wanted her to know that he was thinking about her. 
– – – 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
In a restaurant in Darkbourne… 
Maya made a reservation for a table for six, and that table was currently occupied by Talia, Maya, Kalina, Mindy, Marcy, and Nora. 
The table next to them had George and five ranked soldiers. Maya called them there on a pretense of securing they are not disturbed, but the truth was that she wanted George to be at the different table. Like that, Marcy will be able to relax more, and hopefully fall into a trap. 
The restaurant was full of patrons. It was the peak lunch hours. 
Talia was not sure what Maya, Kalina, and Mindy were planning. Before lunch, Talia needed to talk to Damon and to fetch Marcy, so the three girlfriends told Talia that they will come up with a few ploys to trap Marcy and Nora, and that Talia just needs to play along. The only hint Talia got was that they will make Marcy feel special because only an overconfident she-wolf will show her true colors. Unfortunately, Talia had no idea what that meant. 
Talia looked at Nora and Marcy and she was not sure what to think about them. 
Marcy was Talia's bully, so Talia had to force herself not to show displeasure, but Nora was not giving off better vibes either. 
It was obvious that Nora suffered from a case of inflated importance. Her chin was always lifted up, and she spoke loudly, like she wanted to attract attention. 
Nora was in her element. After a not-so-stellar welcome, she was having lunch with high-profile individuals, and that was more in line with what she was expecting from this visit. 
Nora had a permanent smile on her face because she hoped that other patrons will take photos of them and post them on social media for the world to see. 
The only downside was that Nora thought she will have lunch with Alpha Damon, but she couldn't come up with an excuse to bail from this all-girl event. Nora comforted herself with the thought that they will be at the Dark Howlers pack for a while, and she will have plenty of opportunities to see the man in charge of this place. She will probably see him for dinner, or maybe breakfast tomorrow. The man has to eat, and she will be around. 
Compared to Nora, Marcy was a mystery. She was smiling stiffly and not talking much. 
Of course, Marcy received education on etiquette, and she knew what was appropriate for various settings. She also had a circle of friends and attended many social events and parties. 
The current situation kept Marcy on her toes and she repeatedly reminded herself to listen more and talk less. 
One of the main obstacles for Marcy to loosen up was George. He was looking at her intently, and she was afraid that if she provokes him, he will catch her on her own again. Will she be able to resist the urge to have sex with him? 
Marcy had to acknowledge the attraction that was tangible. She was confused, why couldn't she snap out of it? Didn't she reject George? Sure, he was handsome, but she met many handsome guys and other than Alpha Damon, Marcy didn't find herself wishing to submit to any other man. Except for George. 
Another thorn in Marcy' side had Nora's name written on it. 
Nora was Marcy's so-called best friend who had no problems spreading her legs for Marcy's future husband and for Marcy's father, and maybe even for her teenage brother, and Marcy was confident that Nora will backstab her without a second thought. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 351 - Lunch With The Next Luna Of The Dark Howlers Pack (2)
Chapter 351 – Lunch With The Next Luna Of The Dark Howlers Pack (2)
George and Nora were not the only ones that made Marcy wary. Oh, no. 
The next one on Marcy's not-pleasant list was Kalina. 
Kalina was not friendly toward Marcy at the Lightclaw pack, and Marcy was hoping that Kalina will soften up. After all, right now, they were both guests of the Dark Howlers pack, but Marcy had the position of Damon's future Luna, so Kalina should suck up to her. Unfortunately, Kalina was still acting high and mighty, like she didn't put Marcy into her eyes at all, and Marcy was trying to figure out if Kalina didn't care about her or if she didn't understand the situation. 
Other than bumping into Marcy in front of the ladies' room at the Lightclaw pack, Marcy didn't interact with Mindy before. 
As for Maya, Marcy met her when Damon visited the Red Moon pack, but Marcy was so focused on Alpha Damon that she didn't talk to Maya. 
And last but not least, there was Talia. 
By now, Marcy knew that Talia, who was the host for this gathering, was Alpha Damon's assistant. Marcy also connected the dots that Talia was with Alpha Damon at the Lightclaw pack, the same Talia that ended in the WW Magazine as Alpha Damon's mysterious date, Lia. Marcy didn't share this information with Nora, because she didn't like Nora to begin with. 
However, Marcy didn't think that Talia was an obstacle. 
Sure, Alpha Damon took Talia with him to a party, and she was working as his assistant, but if Alpha Damon saw Talia as someone important, he would make it official. 
Besides, considering what she saw in the Red Moon pack, Marcy concluded that it's normal for Alphas to keep a woman or two on the side. As long as Damon is discrete about it, Marcy would close her eye at Damon's occasional escapades. Who knows, maybe Marcy can keep George? 
Marcy was not sure what to think of Talia. Can they be friendly? Will she be able to be friends with a person who is shagging her husband? Currently, Marcy didn't think that would be a problem, but she was not sure if that will change after Alpha Damon marks her. 
Fated mates or not, the mark will create a bond between the two, and they will feel a certain level of affection between each other. Will that include possessiveness and jealousy? Marcy didn't know. 
While thinking about Damon being with another woman, Marcy didn't feel anything. However, when she thought about George being close to another female, rage bubbled within Marcy and she knew that this was the bond working. 
Aaaaand… Marcy was back to thinking about George. Will he stop the silly game he was playing and accept her rejection? Surely, George won't let it drag until Marcy's Luna ceremony because that would expose them as mates and both of them will end up in trouble. 
– – – 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"Marcy… Marcy!", Nora's call made Marcy jolt out of her thoughts. 
"What?" 
"Are you excited about the party?" 
Marcy blinked. "What party?" 
Nora rolled her eyes dramatically. "You saw Alpha Damon this morning. Does he have such an effect on you that you can't focus?" 
Marcy plastered a stiff smile. What was Nora up to this time? Marcy cursed internally for not paying attention. "I was thinking about something, don't make a big deal out of it. Will you explain what was that about the party, or should we drop the topic?" 
"There is a party tomorrow, for you.", Nora said meaningfully. 
Marcy was surprised. "For me?" 
Talia hoped that her confusion was not showing on her face. She was surprised by this 'party for Marcy', just as much as Marcy was. 
Mindy winked at Talia before saying, "Talia is the main person to answer your questions. Everyone who is someone in the Dark Howlers pack will be at the party tomorrow. It's to…", Mindy leaned over the table and spoke in a whisper, "Introduce the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack." 
Marcy perked up and a bright smile slowly bloomed on her face as Mindy's words sank in. Her first impression was that Alpha Damon was trying to wiggle it out, or that he won't treat her well. However, now Marcy realized that she misunderstood him completely. 
Alpha Damon was mysterious because he wanted to surprise her with a party! 
Marcy thought how she was silly. Of course, Alphas don't have time for courting, chit-chat, and romantic stuff. They are busy with their matters like managing a pack and training and fighting against rogues. But no matter if Alpha Damon has women on the side, or how much work he has, he was still preparing a grand party for Marcy. Isn't he the sweetest? 
While Marcy was processing the idea of a party that changed her opinion of Damon, Nora noticed one odd thing about how Mindy delivered the information. 
"Why did you say that quietly?", Nora asked Mindy suspiciously. 
Maya responded, "Because of where we are. This party is only for important people, and the ones who are not invited might get offended or want to crash the party." 
"Oh…" Nora nodded in understanding. Who would want to mingle with those low-level characters anyway? 
Nora looked at Marcy enthusiastically. "Did you hear that? A party for you." And for me as well! This will be an amazing chance to mingle with important people! 
Nora turned to Talia. Mindy said that Talia was the go-to person. "Is there a theme? Should we buy specific outfits?" 
Talia had no idea how to answer this. Talia had a hunch that this was the part of setting up Marcy, but other than a few hints she got from Maya, Mindy, and Kalina earlier that day, the girls didn't tell her anything. 
Unfortunately, Nora was looking at her, and so did everyone else, so Talia took a deep breath and improvised. 
"It will be late afternoon and evening. Think about an upscale party, but not over the top that would make people stiff. Luna of the Dark Howlers pack should be someone who is dignified, yet down to Earth. Everyone will be looking at her even though she won't attract attention. She can talk to Alphas as an equal, and she will take care of Omegas and their needs." 
Everyone at the table gaped at Talia. 
'No wonder Alpha Damon is keeping her as his assistant…', Marcy thought. Talia's response was eloquent, and Marcy actually imagined herself showing up among hundreds of important people and being the center of attention. 
Nora blinked. Talia said a lot, but she still didn't get her answer. "So… should I dress up fancy or not?" 
Kalina stifled a laugh. "Why are you worried? It's not like you are going to be the next Luna of the Dark Howlers pack." 
Nora's face fell and if a look could kill, Kalina would stop breathing the moment she finished that sentence. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 352 - Lunch With The Next Luna Of The Dark Howlers Pack (3) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 352 – Lunch With The Next Luna Of The Dark Howlers Pack (3) [Bonus Chapter]
"Don't give them hard time, Nora.", Marcy said magnanimously. She was obviously in a much better mood than before. "You can dress as fancy as you want. If you didn't pack anything appropriate, I will ask Alpha Damon to arrange for you an escort to take you shopping." 
Considering that Alpha Damon was organizing a party for Marcy, Marcy was confident that he will indulge a small request like that. 
Nora had mixed feelings about this. She was excited about the party, but she disliked that Marcy was the lucky one to get this attention. And why was that? The only advantage Marcy had over Nora was that Marcy's father was an Alpha. Ah, if Nora's father was an Alpha, Nora would be a Luna a long time ago. 
And it was not just that Alpha Damon had the title of an Alpha of the largest pack in North America, but he was also handsome, filthy rich, and perfect in every way possible. 
The more Nora thought how that exquisite specimen was doting on Marcy and not her, the more Nora felt a sour taste in her throat. 
Nora wanted to break the sour mood that descended on her. This was in public, and it was not the right time or place to be grumpy. 
"How about we celebrate?" 
"What do you have on your mind?", Mindy asked Nora. 
"Drinks!", Nora exclaimed and waved at the waitress. "Bring us your finest wine. Do you have champagne?" 
The waitress glanced at Maya questionably and Nora snorted. 
"Why are you looking at Beta Maya when your future Luna is at this table? Snap-snap. Hurry with that wine." 
The waitress paused for a moment while wondering if she heard Nora right. Future Luna? Which one? 
She concluded that it's not Nora, and Maya and Kalina were mated so… Talia? Mindy? Marcy? 
Maya didn't want to clarify Nora's words. After all, Nora was right. Their future Luna was at that table. 
Maya waved at the waitress, indicating to her get the drink. 
'Pick any good wine you have.', Maya told her through the mind-link. 
Marcy's chin when up with pride as she heard whispers from the patrons in the restaurant. 
There were discussions about all three Luna candidates (Talia, Mindy, and Marcy), but soon the talks focused on Marcy. 
After all, there were rumors already that Marcy and Alpha Damon might be an item. To add to that, Marcy is the princess of the Red Moon pack. She is beautiful, educated, and mysterious, and now that she appeared at the Dark Howlers pack, and was sitting at the table with Maya (aka Beta), Talia (aka Alpha Damon's assistant), and other high-profile individuals, theories about Marcy and Damon were sparked again. 
No one noticed George's expression darkening by the second and he fought mightily to reign in his wolf so that his aura doesn't leak and expose him. He didn't think that just trailing Marcy will be this challenging. 
Talia didn't get it. Why did Maya, Marcy, and Kalina make it sound like the party was for Marcy? Aren't they just adding oil to the fire? 
Yes, they said that they will make Marcy feel comfortable in order to slip, but isn't it too much to make her think that Damon accepted her as his Luna? 
Talia could see Marcy's demeanor changing and Talia didn't like it, not even a little bit. 
Marcy was showing a similar expression she had in the Red Moon pack, when Marcy acted like she was the queen of the Universe. 
What if Marcy goes to Damon after lunch and tries to give him a thank-you kiss? If he rejects her, he will blow up the lie, but if he accepts that kiss, Talia will blow up the packhouse. 
Talia pushed her insecurities down and tried to shut down the noise. 
Surely, her girlfriends know what they are doing, and Damon is not an inexperienced teenager who can get tricked into a kiss. As for random people in the restaurant, they had no idea what they were talking about anyway. 
Talia chanted internally that all this will pass, and she will be back in Damon's comforting embrace in no time. 
– – – 
— This work is published on NovelFire (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
A middle-aged man with an apron around his waist entered the restaurant while pushing a serving cart in front of him. 
Six sparkling bell-shaped plate covers attracted attention, and everyone fell into silence to see what he was up to. 
The man stopped when he reached the table where Talia, Maya, Mindy, Kalina, Marcy, and Nora were sitting, and he bowed a little. 
"I am Hamil", the man introduced himself. "I am the owner of the sweetshop that's down the street." He gestured toward the covered plates on the cart in front of him. "Alpha Damon sends his regards." 
With that, Hamil started removing six shiny covers, to reveal the sweet goodness, under numerous curious gazes. 
Everyone in the restaurant was paying attention. After all, Alpha Damon sent this, and nothing like that ever happened before. Didn't this confirm their guess that Marcy from the Red Moon pack is their future Luna? 
Each plate had an assortment of cakes and cookies that looked and smelled delicious. 
Hamil took the first plate and placed it in front of Talia. "Miss Talia, this one is for you." 
Talia looked at the man who gave her a meaningful look and all her hostility and insecurities sizzled away in an instant. She knew that this was Damon's way of confirming that he was with her, no matter what was happening around them. 
The next plate went to Maya and the third one to Kalina. Next were Mindy, Marcy, and Nora. 
The man bowed with, "I hope you will enjoy desserts that Alpha Damon personally selected.", and then he made his exit. 
"Wow!", Nora exclaimed and nudged Marcy with her elbow. "Alpha Damon knows how to make a girl feel special." 
Talia looked at the plates and noticed that hers was different than others. 
Every plate had a slice of mango cake, a slice of lemon cake, a caramel wafer, a vanilla cream puff, a cookie with orange jelly, and a fruit tart. Every plate, except for Talia's. 
Talia's plate had a slice of a decadent chocolate cake, a chocolate cookie with bits of nuts and chocolate chips, a chocolate-coated pretzel, chocolate-dipped strawberries, and a chocolate mousse. 
Talia smiled at the thought that her chocolate sent her chocolate. Her mate was telling her that he was thinking about her and that she should be thinking about him… and she did. 
It didn't take long for others to notice that Talia's plate was an odd one. 
"How come your plate is different, Talia?", Nora asked while munching on the lemon cake that melted in her mouth. It was delicious. 
Talia shrugged, and she couldn't stop her lips from lifting into a smile even with the big bite of chocolate cake that filled her cheeks. 
Marcy narrowed her eyes at Talia. Her instinct told her that Talia's happiness was for more than just a tasty cake. And she also had a hunch that Talia's plate was not different accidentally. Didn't the baker guy say how Alpha Damon picked these personally? And he gave Talia her plate first! 
Was this Damon's way of sending a message that Talia was special? 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 353 - Maya’s Plan Against Marcy
Chapter 353 – Maya’s Plan Against Marcy
Lunch ended and six women and one man lingered at the parking lot around two cars while determining who will be going in which car. 
They already knew that George will drive one car, and Maya the second one, so Talia, Kalina, Mindy, Marcy, and Nora needed to figure out if they will take the black SUV (with Maya) or the dark blue one (with George). 
"Miss Talia", Marcy called. "Can you come with me in the car? I would really like for us to continue talking about the upcoming party. I feel that my input will be important." 
"She will talk to you", Maya responded before Talia could. "Unfortunately, there is one important issue in the pack that I need to address first, and Talia's presence is necessary." 
"Oh?", Marcy's eyebrows shot up. "Pack issue? Can I join? Maybe I can help." 
"I apologize Miss Marcy, but this is something that requires high-security clearance.", Maya said with a smile and Marcy's expression stiffened. 
"It shouldn't take more than one hour", Maya added. "I suggest you go to the packhouse with others, and Talia will find you when we are done." 
"I see." The disappointment in Marcy's voice was obvious. She wanted to talk to Talia about more than just the party, but that can wait for a bit. 
"Alright!", Mindy exclaimed and moved toward Marcy. "I will tag along with you. I didn't get a chance to talk about my charities. We can chat about it until Lia comes." 
Nora was already in the seat behind George. She didn't want to go with Maya or Talia, and she didn't want to sit next to George either. 
Kalina sat in the front passenger's seat, next to George. 
– – – 
This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! 
– – – 
Maya drove the car in the opposite direction from the packhouse. 
Once they were out of Darkbourne, Maya stopped the car on the side of the road and turned to Talia. 
"How are you holding on?", Maya asked. She knew that lunch was unpleasant for Talia, and the fact that Talia didn't say a word during the ride, told Maya that Talia had a lot on her mind. 
"I will feel better if you tell me that there is a good reason why Marcy thinks that the party is for her. And why is the party tomorrow? Does Damon know about this?", Talia asked impatiently. 
"Sorry, Lia. Everything happened suddenly and we didn't have time to figure out the right approach." Maya paused to take a deep breath. "Damon told me not to tell you yet, but I think you should know." 
"Know what?" 
"Lisa is talking around how you came from the Red Moon pack." 
Talia's eyes widened. "Why would she do that? How does she know?" 
Maya frowned. "Didn't you tell her?" 
"Why would I tell her? Didn't you say how that's a secret and it can cause trouble for me, Damon, and the pack?" 
Maya was confused. She and Caden didn't tell anyone, and Damon confirmed that his lips were sealed. "Are you sure? You didn't tell anyone? Maybe you mentioned it to someone else, and Lisa found out from that person." 
Talia thought for some time and shook her head and then froze with realization… "I think I told Steph. I remember that she asked me from where I was. That was before you told me how it should be kept a secret." 
Maya puffed her cheeks. "Stephanie probably told Lisa." Maya saw that Talia's expression fell and she put her hand over Talia's shoulder. "Don't overthink it. What's done is done. Lisa can't talk anymore, and I will tell Stephanie not to spread it further. She is not the one to talk." 
Talia saw Maya's eyes losing focus and she knew that Maya was already mind-linking Stephanie. 
"What do you mean, Lisa can't talk?", Talia asked when Maya's attention was back on her. 
Maya's lips lifted into a smile. "She is in the dungeon." 
"And Steph is OK with it?" 
Maya shook her head helplessly. "Steph knows that Lisa is a loose cannon and it's not safe to have her around. Damon said that he will deal with Lisa, but until the guests are here, Lisa will stay in the dungeon. She is not imprisoned but can't leave, and we hope that her time there will help her get a new perspective on life. Without Tony, people won't give her preferential treatment, and she needs to accept that Tony belongs to Kalina. The point is that we don't need to worry about Lisa. However, she is the reason why Damon requested that we organize your introductory party as soon as possible. He wants all important people in the pack to be aware you are his mate, and the future Luna. If this introduction happens after Alpha Edward finds out that you came from his pack, Elders might not be willing to support you and Damon." 
Talia exhaled a shaky breath. She didn't think that her coming from the Red Moon pack and disclosing that to Stephanie would create all these problems. And her wolf was still not awake. No matter how Talia looked at this, she messed up, and it was her fault… she was the faulty one. 
"Don't worry, Lia.", Maya said while patting Talia's shoulder. "We are taking care of it. You are Damon's mate, and the only one worthy to be the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Even if you doubt yourself, you need to believe in the Moon Goddess. She is never wrong. Keep that in mind, and everything will be alright." 
Talia nodded, but her expression was not good. "So, how does Marcy fit into all that?" 
Maya's eyes lit up with a malicious glint. "She won't make it to the party." 
"What? How?" 
"We got it figured out. You saw what happened in the restaurant. As soon as Marcy felt that things were going according to her plan, she started acting like she owns the place. We will continue boosting her ego, and tonight we will pull the rug under her feet. We have several options in place, but we are mostly leaning toward taking Marcy to the Shifters nightclub. A few cocktails will loosen her up and then we will deliver unpleasant surprises that will make her blow up. We want her to lose her composure and to make a scandal. The bigger the better." 
Talia thought how that made sense. "What do I need to do?" 
"Nothing. You just sit and watch the show. Until showtime, I will be respectful toward Marcy as a Beta, and Mindy is already sucking in with a pretense of how she wants to secure donations from the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. That's why she went with them in the car." 
"What about Kalina? She was not friendly toward Marcy.", Talia said. 
"A-ha!", Maya exclaimed and raised her index finger. "That's the point. Neither of us has a good history with Marcy. I kind of ignored Marcy when I was at the Red Moon pack, and both Mindy and Kalina dissed her at the Lightclaw pack. It would be suspicious if all three of us are suddenly friendly. That's why I said that I'm going to approach her as a Beta, Mindy is talking about her charities. From Marcy's perspective, she will understand that we have our reasons to be friendly. However, Kalina is different. She will keep her distance, like when two Lunas must be together due to political reasons, but they don't like each other." 
Talia admired the plan. They came up with all that on short notice, and Talia wondered what they would do if they had time to prepare. 
Talia had nothing to add, other than to ask, "How do I fit in that?" 
"You do your thing.", Maya said. "I'm sure that Marcy noticed you are not just an assistant, and that might be one more thing that will trigger her. If she suspected it before our lunch, she definitely confirmed when those deserts arrived. Damon won't allow you to suffer a loss." 
Talia's lips lifted into a smile involuntarily and her chest was filled with warm and fuzzy emotions. Yes, Damon treats her well. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 354 - Marcy Vs Talia (1)
Chapter 354 – Marcy Vs Talia (1)
Talia and Marcy were in the living room. Talia was sitting on the sofa chair, and Marcy was on the sofa. 
Other ladies went to the garden to hang out and to give Marcy and Talia privacy, and Damon went to check how the training was going. 
Of course, Damon left only after Talia promised not to go into private quarters with Marcy, so that Damon can keep an eye on her through the video surveillance that covers all hallways, common areas (such as the living room), and perimeter around the packhouse (garden included). 
The only one who refused to leave was George. He was standing still like a statue, with his back to the wall, a few steps behind Marcy. 
George had no intention of leaving Marcy out of his sight. Anger and dejection simmered in the pit of his stomach since the lunch in the restaurant, but Mindy was sticking to Marcy, and only when Talia arrived did Mindy leave, so George didn't get his chance to talk to Marcy without anyone eavesdropping. 
But he was used to waiting. 
In the evening (if not sooner), George will get his chance to corner Marcy and ask her, does she really have no shame? She gave herself to her mate, who was right there, and she was talking about becoming Luna to some other guy? Did she really plan to go with that until the end? 
Part of George wanted to beat Marcy until her family can't recognize her, and other part of him wanted to choke her while he fucks her senselessly. 
He knew that his impulses were impacted by the cracked bond between them and his unreasonable wolf, but there was nothing he could do about it. Sure, he could accept her rejection, but he knew how that was exactly what Marcy wanted, and George had no intention of giving Marcy what she wanted. 
As for Marcy, she forgot about George's existence a few minutes after she started talking to Talia. 
Talia was glad that on the way to the packhouse, Maya told her some details about the arrangements related to tomorrow's party, so Talia was able to respond to Marcy's questions without guesswork. 
Marcy had preferences about flowers, she wanted balloons, and she requested specific food and drinks to be served. 
"I will see what we can do, Miss Marcy.", Talia responded politely while cringing on the inside. 
They were talking for nearly an hour and Talia would be deaf not to hear Marcy's condescending tone. 
After her chat with Maya, Talia knew that Marcy won't get to attend that party, and Talia couldn't wait to see Marcy's back as she leaves the packhouse forever, but until Maya, Kalina, and Mindy do their thing to set up Marcy, Talia needed to play her role. 
However, just agreeing to Marcy's over-the-top demands was not the right solution either. 
"Some of these items are popular in Europe, and we don't have such a pastry chef in Darkbourne. Also, this is not the blooming season for irises." 
Marcy frowned. "Are you telling me that you can't do it?" 
"That's not what I said. I am only pointing out that the party is tomorrow, and we don't have much time to make changes. Pastry, in general, takes time to make so even if we find a suitable chef, and he is available, it's doubtful he will be able to deliver these in time. As for the flowers, the greenhouses in the area might not have the required quantity." 
Marcy waved her hand, indicating that it was not important. "I don't want to sound ungrateful. Treat my inputs as suggestions. For my next party, I will have time to make necessary arrangements." 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Talia released a long breath, together with some of her frustration, and she glanced at her phone to see a message from Damon. He was on his way back from the training center and not a minute too early. Talia needed his proximity to calm down because Marcy was driving her nuts. 
With that, Talia was ready to make her exit. 
"I better hurry and make some phone calls to see if your changes can be accommodated. Is there anything else, Miss Marcy?" 
"Yes, there is.", Marcy said. "I wanted to discuss your position." 
The surprise on Talia's face was genuine. "My position?" 
Marcy went straight to the point. "I noticed that you are close to Damon." 
Talia frowned. How dares Marcy call Damon so casually? It seems that Marcy already settled in her position as Damon's Luna. 
Marcy smiled magnanimously. "Don't worry. I won't ask him to remove you from your position. You can continue to serve him, as long as you are discrete about it." 
Talia was sure that her ears malfunctioned. "What?" 
Marcy cocked an eyebrow. "Are you going to deny that you are sleeping with Damon?" Marcy took Talia's lack of response as a confirmation. "I will be his Luna and he will eventually get bored of you. Until that happens, as long as you are discrete, I won't cause you problems." 
"How generous of you.", Talia said sarcastically while trying to suppress her fury. It was one thing for Marcy to be arrogant, but when she started talking like Damon was hers, Talia was in danger of blowing a fuse. 
"I am not generous. I am realistic.", Marcy said. "The fact is that I will be Damon's Luna, and you are replaceable. I only hope that when he finds his next assistant, you won't give us trouble." 
Anger sizzled within Talia, and she was not aware that her face contorted into a grimace. "Do you really think you are in the position to make such a decision?" 
Marcy frowned. "Keep talking like that and I will tell Damon to replace you." 
"Please, do. I am eager to hear which one of us will be sent away." 
Marcy rolled her eyes. "No matter how good your skills in bed are, there are always better. When he feels a real woman", she gestured toward herself, "he will abandon your skinny ass." 
Talia saw red. She completely forgot about Maya's plan, and about Marcy being from the Red Moon pack. The only thing Talia saw was a shameless woman who wanted to take her place next to Damon, and Marcy was pretending to be righteous while assuming that Talia was using her body in order to keep a job. 
"Do you think that everyone is like you, to sleep for benefits?" 
Marcy was outraged. "What did you say?" 
"You heard me.", Talia said angrily. "If you are spreading your legs for others, do you assume everyone else is doing that?" 
"Damon will hear about this. You are slandering me!", Marcy hissed. "I am not like other she-wolves who sleep around." 
"Slander?", Talia sneered and got her phone. "Let's see if you can continue lying through your teeth after you see this…" 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 355 - Marcy Vs Talia (2) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 355 – Marcy Vs Talia (2) [Bonus Chapter]
Marcy gritted her teeth while waiting to see what Talia will show her on the phone. 
Considering the context of sleeping around, Marcy was confident that Talia was bluffing. Marcy didn't have sex with anyone other than George, and that happened only on the previous day. As for before that, it couldn't be anything incriminating because whenever Marcy was fooling around with guys, she was extra-careful that she was not recorded. And besides, that was in Europe. How could a no-name assistant girl reach all the way there to collect evidence? 
Marcy was certain, if Talia has anything, it must be fake. Maybe a lookalike. 
Talia was consumed in rage, and she quickly scrolled through files before playing one. 
"What are you doing?", Marcy's voice was heard from the speaker. 
"Memories of our first time, baby. Turn around. Let me see you…", Damon's voice followed. 
Talia's insides churned at the thought of that video. Damon said that he will erase it, but she kept a copy for herself (not just of that video, but of all files Damon collected over the years), knowing that it could be handy, and that Damon shouldn't remove evidence just because it was bothering Talia. 
Maya explained to Talia how they would use those files to discredit women who were after the position of Damon's Luna, and Talia thought how it would be unreasonable just to delete them, so… here she was… using one of the files to slap Marcy in the face. 
Talia felt better when she saw that Marcy lost all color from her face. 
"What is that?", Marcy asked breathily. "Turn it off!" 
Marcy jumped toward Talia to snatch her phone, but Talia nimbly avoided Marcy and pushed her back on the sofa. All that training with Damon came in handy. 
Marcy wanted to get up, but Talia twisted Marcy's arm behind her back and held her to sit at an awkward angle while holding the phone in front of Marcy's face to see. 
Of course, Talia was not really that strong physically, but with a bit of her aura, she suppressed Marcy completely. And she was not even aware that she was using her aura. It was just as Damon said, Talia was natural. She used her powers, without realizing it. 
Marcy cringed as she couldn't move, and Damon's voice continued from the phone, "Spread your legs… more… Perk up that ass… You are flooding Marcy…" 
Talia was nauseated at the thought of Damon touching Marcy, but she didn't want to stop the video. 
Just sending Marcy home or smacking her around would be too easy. 
Talia wanted to humiliate Marcy for all the beatings and snobby attitude that Marcy gave her. Marcy didn't know that Talia was the girl from the attic, but Talia will never be able to forget how princess Marcy came up and tricked her to open the door only so that Talia gets a beating. Twice. 
Talia still didn't know what she did to deserve such harsh treatment but even if she did some major offense, just hitting her senselessly was not an answer. 
And then Marcy had the gall to come here and parade herself as Damon's future Luna. 
Talia really wanted to shove that phone into Marcy's mouth and make her swallow it while the video played on repeat for everyone to hear. 
"Whose pussy is this?", Damon's voice was heard from the speaker. 
"Yours." 
"What do you want me to do, Marcy?" 
"I want you to…", Marcy's words were interrupted by a loud moan. "Fuck me." 
"How do you want me to fuck you, Marcy. I need details." 
"I want you to put your big cock in my pussy and fuck me hard. Make me scream, Alpha Damon." 
Only then did Talia stop the video. 
"I wonder…", Talia said in a low voice. "Did you do this before or after you agreed to be Damon's Luna? Don't try to act pure, because I have a video here that would blow the internet if posted online." 
Talia released Marcy and took a step away. 
She crossed her arms over her chest and looked at Marcy who was trying to process what just happened. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"How did you get that video?", Marcy asked. 
"Does it matter?", Talia responded with a question. 
It was obvious that Marcy was not pleased to know about the existence of that video and Talia was happy that she had something against her bully. The tables have turned. 
Talia remembered Maya, and the plan, and Talia regretted her outburst, but just a little bit. No matter what Maya, Kalina, and Mindy will do, Marcy deserved to know that Talia won't pretend to be invisible. Damon was hers! 
With this, Talia made her stance clear and she released some of her steam. Talia was ready to step back and allow her girlfriends to do with Marcy whatever they planned to do. 
"Don't try to get in my way, Marcy, or I will release this for everyone to see." 
Marcy gritted her teeth in annoyance. "And what will that accomplish? For people to see me allowing my future husband to touch me?" 
"Future husband? We will see about that.", Talia said curtly. "You are lucky that you have your background, so I won't kick you out of here right this instant, but don't push your luck." 
Only then did Talia see another figure standing next to the wall like a statue. George. 
He didn't make a sound so far, and Talia forgot about him. 
For a split second, Talia feared that George will make a move against her, or maybe attempt to rescue Marcy, but he stood there without moving a muscle while staring blankly at the floor. He looked like a robot that was shut down, and Talia didn't want to disturb him. 
Besides, Talia made her point with Marcy and it was time for Talia to make her exit. 
Talia smirked at Marcy, turned on her heel, and left the living room. 
Marcy was trembling from anger. 
She hated that Talia had that video. Marcy forgot that Damon recorded her. 
Did Damon share that video with Talia? Did he show it to someone else also? Or did Talia find it on her own? Surely, as Damon's assistant, she had access to his files. 
But the most upsetting for Marcy was that she was stuck on that sofa and unable to move while Talia held her down. Marcy couldn't believe that such a skinny girl overpowered her, but at that moment, Marcy felt weak, and couldn't push Talia away no matter how much she tried. What was that? 
Marcy stood up and paused at the sight of George. 
In an instant, Marcy's anger got directed George's way. 
When he said that he will follow her everywhere as security, Marcy feared that George might take advantage of the situation to get into her panties again, and she never assumed that he will just stand there and do nothing while she was being bullied. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 356 - A Serious Situation (and Some Flirting)
Chapter 356 – A Serious Situation (and Some Flirting)
Marcy was never so humiliated! 
Talia showed a scandalous video featuring Marcy, and Talia ridiculed her, and even held her down. How can Marcy accept that? 
And what did George do? Nothing! 
Marcy interpreted George's lack of reaction as a feeling of guilt. Surely, he must realize his incompetency when he just stood there and did nothing. 
"What's the use of you being here if you won't act when someone attacks me?", Marcy hissed at the non-responsive George while waving her arms wildly. "You think that you are someone because my father made you a commander? Wait until I tell him how useless you are!" 
George was lost in a daze of his emotions that clashed against his thoughts, and he barely registered that Marcy was shouting at him. 
He didn't see the video, but the sounds coming from Talia's phone were quite descriptive and he had a good idea of what was going on. 
Marcy said that her pussy belongs to Alpha Damon. She asked him to fuck her, and she was quite explicit about it, more than she was with George. 
George was confident that he took Marcy's virginity, and he thought it meant something. However, the vagina was just one of the holes on Marcy's body, and George realized that her other cavities were explored by someone else. 
No wonder Marcy gave him such a good blow job. She knew what she was doing. 
And he thought it was special because it was her first time. He was such an idiot! 
George was drowning in disappointment, rage, and he ridiculed himself for being stupid and believing that Marcy cared about him and their bond. She played him for a fool, and he allowed it to happen. 
"Don't ignore me, you imbecile!" 
Marcy's shout pulled George out of his thoughts. 
She was standing only two steps away and glaring daggers his way. 
George's eyes narrowed at Marcy as all his emotions mixed and morphed into disgust. 
Why would the Moon Goddess pair him with such a woman? 
Mates should be each other's half, but Marcy rejected him on the spot because she saw him as unworthy. 
George wondered, is that what he deserved? To live without his other half? 
Before he met Marcy, he was doing just fine! 
Surely, life without a mate can't be as bad as what he was going through at that moment. Actually, since George found out that Marcy was his mate, his life turned into hell. 
George took a step toward Marcy and she raised her head to meet his gaze. Marcy was so embarrassed and angry after her confrontation with Talia that she didn't notice how George's mood was not right. 
"Marcy Redmayne", George spoke in an official tone. "I George Shaw, Alpha of the Frostcrest pack, accept your rejection." 
Marcy's eyes widened for a moment. 
'What was that? Did he say he is an Alpha?' 
Before she could process what just happened, a soul-wrecking pain shook Marcy's internal organs and she fell on the floor with a weak shriek. 
The Moon Goddess ensured that fated mates can't harm each other. 
Marcy's rejection cracked the bond and allowed negativity to seep in. 
With George's acceptance of Marcy's rejection, the final threads of their bond snapped and Marcy felt George's furious Alpha aura hitting her full force. She couldn't breathe. 
George was not spared from the repercussion of his actions. 
The bond works both ways, for better or worse, but he was stronger than Marcy, so he managed to stay on his feet. 
George clutched his chest and stumbled out of the living room. He supported himself on the wall while making his way down the hallway. 
The pain of completely breaking their bond was unbearable, but George was determined to put as much as possible distance between himself and Marcy. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Damon emerged from the trees while walking in large strides toward the packhouse. He could feel Talia's emotions. 
Irritable, displeased, furious, vengeful, upset, disappointed. 
Her emotions were fluctuating faster than he could identify them, and even though nothing seemed to point how Talia was in danger, Damon was in a hurry to find her. 
Damon was surprised to see Talia sitting on the stairs in front of the main entrance with her face hidden in her palms. 
Talia regretted her actions. Why couldn't she just ignore Marcy's words and leave that room? Why did she taunt Marcy? Why did she show her the video? 
It felt good at that time to see Marcy squirm helplessly, but now that the heated emotions were settled, Talia worried if her few minutes of satisfaction will cause trouble for Damon and the Dark Howlers pack. 
If Marcy tells her father that she was mistreated, who knows what Alpha Edward will do? 
Things could escalate quickly, and then what? How will Talia explain this to Damon? 
Talia knew that Damon was strong and that the Dark Howlers pack had many powerful warriors, but she also knew that Damon had a good reason to tiptoe around Marcy instead of rejecting her outright. 
Provoking the Red Moon pack will come with unimaginable consequences, and by coming onto Marcy aggressively, Talia did just that. 
Ah, she messed up! 
"Kitten?", Damon called, and Talia's head snapped to look in his direction. 
After a moment of stillness, Talia bolted on her feet and dashed straight into Damon's embrace. 
She took a moment to inhale her favorite scent of the forest and the dark chocolate and to feel Damon's firm body pressing on her, but she liked the most his solid arms that held her with a sense of safety and belonging. 
"Maya had a plan, and I ruined it.", Talia spoke into his chest. 
"It's OK.", Damon said while rubbing Talia's back gently. 
He didn't know what happened. The last thing he saw was that Talia and Marcy were talking in the living room, and he stopped watching the feed once he was on his way to the packhouse. He missed the whole conflict part, but based on Talia's emotions, he knew that something happened and that Talia's gentle heart was in turmoil. 
Damon wanted to assure her that he's got her back, and to comfort her. Details can come later. 
Talia shook her head. "It's not OK. Maya, Kalina, and Mindy made a plan to handle Marcy. I was supposed to stay in the role of your assistant so that Marcy gets overconfident and trips, but then Marcy said that she will be your Luna and how I'm replaceable, and… I lost it." 
"Did you use your powers?", Damon whispered close to Talia's ear. 
When Talia shook her head, indicating that she didn't, Damon grinned. "You lost it? Tell me the details. Did you slap her?" 
Talia looked up at him. "Be serious. This is serious." 
'Silly girl', Damon thought. The only serious thing would be if outsiders found out how amazing she is. Everything else fades in comparison to that. 
"I know it's serious.", Damon said earnestly. "Some random woman claimed me as hers, and my kitten defended my honor. That's serious. My only regret is that I was not here to witness it in person." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 357 - A Serious Situation (and Complications)
Chapter 357 – A Serious Situation (and Complications)
Talia couldn't believe that Damon was in the mood for joking. Or was that flirting? "Can't you assess the severity of the situation?" 
Damon chuckled. "I already told you. No one matters other than you, kitten. The only restriction I have is not to disclose we are mates. Other than that, I can do whatever I want, including sending Marcy and her group of clowns packing. I didn't want them here anyway." 
Damon tapped the tip of Talia's nose with his index finger, and he had to remind her, "It was you and your wolf who demanded that I allow them to come here." 
Talia lowered her head guiltily. Damon was right. 
Damon touched her chin, making her look at him. "Tell me what happened, so that I have context when I kick them out of here. Or should I watch the security footage?" 
Talia was confused by Damon's easygoing attitude. She really wanted Marcy to scram, but… "What if Alpha Edward causes trouble?" 
"If he causes trouble, we will deal with it. Now it's him, tomorrow will be someone else. There are always people who think that they can take what's mine." Damon leaned to kiss Talia on the lips once, twice… and then he lifted his chin proudly and continued talking. 
"What's the point in being the undefeated Alpha who is leading the largest pack in North America if I can't protect my mate? Trust your mate, kitten. I am awesome." He said the last part with a cocky grin. 
He pecked her lips a few more times, and then he said in a husky low voice. "So far, I was fighting on my own, and now it's two of us. My Luna is not a pushover, and she is my greatest strength." 
Talia smiled foolishly at Damon's words, the light feeling that descended on her made her feel like she was floating among clouds that were pink in color and had Damon's face on them. Was it possible that only a minute ago she was mulling over what happened as her mistake? 
Damon took Talia's hand into his. "Come on. Let's find Marcy. You don't need to tell me what happened, because I have a good idea. I don't want to delay this further." His only regret about chasing Marcy away would be that he didn't get a chance to spar with George. 
Talia glanced at their connected hands. "Is this OK?" 
"Of course, it is, kitten.", Damon assured her. "I agreed to pretend in front of Marcy, but that was before she got you upset. There is no need to conceal we are together." 
Damon led the way into the living room, and they found it empty. 
"Maybe Marcy went to her room.", Talia guessed. George was also missing. 
Damon moved to leave the room, when Talia tugged his hand. She saw a foot sticking out behind the sofa. 
Damon followed Talia's gaze and he walked to see who it is. 
"When you said that you snapped, I thought it was with words and not like this.", Damon said while gesturing toward Marcy who was on the floor. Her body was curled in a fetal position, but Damon could hear her heartbeats, so he knew she wasn't dead. 
"Maybe you should tell me what happened. In details.", Damon said stiffly to Talia while his eyes didn't leave unmoving Marcy. 
"She was alive and kicking when I left.", Talia said and realized that her choice of words was wrong. "I mean… I didn't do this." 
"Did you pressure her with your aura?", Damon asked. "Weak ones tend to faint if the pressure was too much." 
Talia shook her head in small jerky movements, indicating that she didn't. 
Damon wanted to tease Talia a bit, but he could feel Talia's anxiety bubbling. 
"Don't worry. She is alive.", Damon said and pulled out his phone. 
"Who are you calling?" 
"I want to see what happened after you left the room." 
"You don't believe that it was me who did this. Right?", Talia asked anxiously. 
"You said you didn't, and I believe you.", Damon said matter-of-factly. 
Talia smiled and huddled close to Damon to see the video that was already playing on his phone. 
Damon paused when Talia left the living room and they saw Marcy shouting at George, and George standing and not responding… and then they heard George say, "Marcy Redmayne. I George Shaw, Alpha of the Frostcrest pack, accept your rejection." 
Both Talia and Damon stared at Damon's phone without blinking while wondering if they heard what they thought they heard. There was so much information in those few words. 
George was an Alpha? Talia never heard of the Frostcrest pack. 
Talia didn't get one thing, "What does it mean, he accepted her rejection?" 
"Mates…", Damon said. "George accepted Marcy's rejection, which means that she rejected him first. His acceptance severed the bond completely. That's why she is like this." 
Talia subconsciously clutched her chest. 
They had a hunch that something was going on between George and Marcy, and their theories went from colluders to lovers, but mates…? That was serious. 
Talia didn't like Marcy, but out of everyone who came from the Red Moon pack, Talia had a good impression of George, and she was worried about him. 
"Does that mean George is like this also?", Talia asked. 
"He walked out of the room, so he might not be this bad, but he can't be fairing good either." Damon jabbed his hand into his hair. "Shit! I thought of sending them home, but I can't send them home like THIS!" 
Damon's mood dropped when he remembered that some werewolves die from a blow of rejection. The pain is like a soul is being torn into two and not everyone can handle it. Damon listened to Marcy's heartbeats and observed that they were slower than they should be. How will he explain himself if Marcy dies here? 
This complicated the already serious situation. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Talia looked at Damon and she could see his eyes losing focus. He was mind-linking someone. 
"Travis is on his way.", Damon said when his attention was back on Talia. 
It didn't take long for Maya to enter the living room. She saw Damon and Talia holding each other in silence, and she also saw an unmoving body on the floor. 
Maya circled around the sofa, and her eyes widened when she realized that was Marcy. 
Maya looked at Damon apprehensively. "What did you do?" 
Damon frowned. "Why are you assuming that it was me?" 
Maya looked at Talia. "Did you forget that we had a plan? Why did you overdo your aura when suppressing her?" 
Talia's frown matched Damon's. "It was not me." 
Maya looked back at Marcy. "Are you expecting me to believe that she collapsed on her own?" 
"It was George.", Talia said. "He broke their mate bond." 
Maya blanked out and it took her a few moments to recover. "I think something is wrong with my head because I imagined that you said how George and Marcy are mates." 
"WERE mates.", Damon corrected Maya. "The security feed caught George accepting Marcy's rejection." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 358 - Like Romeo And Juliet [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 358 – Like Romeo And Juliet [Bonus Chapter]
They needed to get Marcy out of there before someone else sees her, but first, Damon wanted some answers from Talia. "What exactly happened here?" 
Damon didn't think that George wanted to break their mate bond right there. 
If he planned to do it, he would find a spot where no one can find them, because consequences could be dire, which means George did it in the spur of the moment. 
Since Talia was in the living room minutes before it happened, she should be able to shed some light on this mystery. 
Talia wanted to tell Damon to watch the security feed, but she thought that it will be shorter just to say it. 
"Marcy was full of herself, talking about the party. I thought how that's where our interaction will end, but then she said how she knows that we are sleeping together and that as long as we are discrete about it, she won't give me a hard time." 
"She what?", Damon asked, unable to conceal his outrage. How dares Marcy look down on Talia? 
If Marcy was not unconscious, Damon would knock the daylights out of her. Actually, even now he had an urge to kick her until she flies out of the Dark Howlers pack territory. 
Talia waved her hand, indicating him to calm down, and she moved on to the main part. "I was frustrated, and I showed her the video you recorded of her when you were at the Red Moon pack." 
Damon's face fell and he shifted on his feet awkwardly. That video brought him a lot of trouble. Will he need to jump into a waterfall again? But Talia didn't seem pissed, so he relaxed a bit. 
"Didn't I delete those?", Damon asked. 
"I saved a copy.", Talia said guiltily. 
"Well, that explains the hostility in the restaurant.", Maya said from the side. She was still on the point of Marcy and George being mates. "People were guessing that Marcy is their future Luna, and I could feel George's aggressive aura. When you showed the video, he probably snapped." Maya glanced around. "Where is George?" 
Damon shrugged. "Probably in his room. Let's take Marcy to her room before someone sees her." 
Talia slapped Damon's hands away. She didn't want him to touch Marcy, so Talia and Maya held Marcy by the arms, and dragged her down the hallway. 
"Did you know that George is an Alpha?", Talia asked Maya in a whisper. 
"Whaaaat?", Maya drawled dramatically. 
"Yes, yes. When he accepted Marcy's rejection, he said that he is George Shaw, Alpha of the Frostcrest pack." 
"I will definitely watch it!" Maya said enthusiastically, and then her brows came together. "Frostcrest pack?" She looked at Damon. "Didn't that pack disappear a long time ago?" 
Damon shook his head. He knew the history very well. It was part of his education as the future Alpha. "It didn't disappear. Alpha of the Frostcrest pack was defeated by Marcy's grandfather, and they became part of the Red Moon pack." 
"Wow!", Maya exclaimed. "So, Marcy and George were mates from opposing sides, like Romeo and Juliet." 
Damon frowned. "Let's hope these two have a better ending." 
Damon didn't care much about Marcy or George, but if they end up dying in his packhouse, Damon will be held responsible. And this time, he really didn't do anything. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
After taking Marcy to her room, they confirmed that George was in his. 
George was lying on the bed and staring at the ceiling without showing any signs that he noticed people coming in and out of this room. 
Travis arrived and examined both Marcy and George while Damon, Talia, and Maya waited to hear the outcome. 
After the exam was done, they all met in Marcy's room. She was unconscious, so they could talk openly. 
"You said that they are mates who rejected their bond.", Travis repeated for the fifth time, and every time he hoped that Damon will tell him he heard it wrongly. 
It's not that Travis didn't believe Damon, but it was so rare for fated mates to reject each other, that it was somewhat unbelievable. 
Damon confirmed. "Yes. What's their condition? Will it get better?" 
Damon hoped that Marcy and George will snap out of it, and he can send them home. This time, he had a good plan in place. 
Now that they knew Marcy and George were mates, there was no need for Damon to come up with any ploys to send them packing. 
Damon will accuse Alpha Edward of sending Marcy to be Damon's Luna while concealing that she had a fated mate, which meant that Alpha Edward went against the Moon Goddess, and that's a big offense for werewolves. And it's not just that Marcy had a fated mate, but her mate came as Marcy's bodyguard! 
If that is not a slap in Damon's face, nothing is. 
No Alpha would tolerate such behavior. 
Even if Damon made them permanently disabled, no one would blame him… assuming that Marcy and George are not disabled, to begin with. 
Damon didn't care if Alpha Edward knew that Marcy and George were mates. Actually, if he knew, he probably wouldn't allow George to accompany Marcy. 
But regardless of what the truth was, Damon's version sounded believable, and it would get Alpha Edward off his back, and the whole werewolf society will scowl at Alpha Edward's actions. 
Alpha Edward will have a lot of image-cleaning to do, and that will keep him busy for a while. 
Marcy and George will take the burn of Alpha Edward's wrath, and Damon will use that time to solidify Talia's presence as the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Perfect! 
Unfortunately, with Marcy unconscious, and George being a zombie, Damon couldn't accuse them of wrongdoing because the two wrongdoers looked like victims, and instead of scolding them, society will take pity on them. 
Damon needed them up on their feet and lively, and he needed that to happen half an hour ago. 
Travis looked at his notes before responding to Damon's inquiry about the status. "Miss Marcy is in a bad state. Based on the bruise on the side of her head, her healing is comparable to human's which means that her wolf took a hard hit. She is unresponsive, and I don't know if she will wake up. As for Commander George, his body is in better shape compared to Miss Marcy's, however, he mentally shut down, probably to deal with the emotional blow of the bond breaking." 
Damon waved his hand impatiently. "How do we get them better?" 
Travis shook his head helplessly. "This is outside my domain, Alpha. I heal diseases and patch up bodies. If they are not eating, I can administer an IV, but this injury impacted their soul. The best for these kinds of situations would be for mates to be together, but that's obviously not an option here." 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose. That didn't sound good. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 359 - Top-secret Patients (1)
Chapter 359 – Top-secret Patients (1)
"Is there really nothing we can do?", Talia asked Travis. 
Travis thought for a moment before responding. "Maybe you can." 
Talia was surprised by this, and Damon was alerted. 
"What do you mean?", Damon asked icily. Did Travis know about Talia's powers? Damon was ready to remove a witness. He would do anything to keep Talia safe. 
Travis was not sure why Damon was suddenly hostile. "Herbs can help to calm their minds, and Talia knows about them.", Travis said with haste. 
It took a moment for Damon to relax, and then Travis continued, "Herbs can help, but the bottom line is that they need to have a will to pull out of it. As a soldier, Commander George steeled his mind through training, but Miss Marcy is a different story. They need peace and a quiet and supportive environment, and we can only hope for the best." 
"We should move them away from here.", Maya said from the side. "If James or Nora find out what happened, they might cause us trouble. If they alert Alpha Edward, I'm not sure how much he will listen to our version of the story. Even with the video evidence, he might say that we staged it." 
Damon agreed with this. The video might prove that Damon didn't have anything to do with the state Marcy found herself in, but with Marcy screaming how Talia bullied her, Talia was part of it and Damon didn't want Talia to be implicated in any way. In addition to that, the video revealed George's true identity. If Alpha Edward found out about it, George wouldn't have a good ending. 
Damon was not sure what kind of a person George was, but he had a hunch that George was in the Red Moon pack with an ulterior motive. 
Enemy of an enemy is a friend or at least a temporary ally, and Damon hoped that George could help him get Alpha Edward off his back. After all, if George doesn't cooperate, Damon could reveal George's true identity, so Damon had an upper hand in this. 
And there was also an option to push the blame of Damon rejecting Marcy on George. 
No matter how Damon looked at this, George could be useful, but for that, he needed to snap out of it. 
Talia also agreed with moving them, but she had another concern. "This can last for a long time. We can't tell them that Marcy and George went shopping. Tomorrow we have a party and James will definitely ask questions when his sister doesn't show up." 
"Let's worry about James later.", Maya said. "First thing is to get these two out of here. We can repurpose one of the smaller homes that are nearby. For now, let's tell them that Marcy went to inspect the territory and George accompanied her. That could work for some time, and when Alpha Damon is away, we will say that he went to meet with them. Until then, we will get a better idea of their condition." 
Damon thought that will work. "James is busy with training, and Caden will figure out something to keep the youngster busy when they are not on the training ground. Maya, you ensure that Nora is occupied." 
Maya groaned. She really didn't want to deal with Nora. Her face lit up when she remembered the soldiers who were at the neighboring table in the restaurant. She will give them a task to keep Nora busy. Brilliant! 
"OK. I will ask Mindy to join me in taking Nora shopping after lunch. If Nora asks about Marcy, we will tell her that she will spend time with Alpha Damon.", Maya said. "James will be in training, and you can use that window to take these two into the house. It will be ready by then…" 
Travis didn't care about those little schemes. Dealing with other packs is part of politics that he never wanted to get involved with. 
Travis agreed to keep this a secret until they figure out Marcy's and George's condition. He said that he will personally come to tend to them at least twice a day, and he entrusted Talia with doing the herbal treatment. 
"I know you can do it…", Travis said to Talia while discussing herbs that can be used to calm one's mind. "I would recommend tea, but since Marcy is unconscious, you should dry the herbs and keep them in the room with the patients." 
With Travis gone, Maya, Damon, and Talia agreed to keep George's true identity a secret, and they divided work. 
In order to minimize the number of people who will be aware of the current situation, Damon went to deal with arranging the house, and Maya's task was to inform Kalina and Mindy about what happened. She will need those two ladies to distract Nora. 
Talia lingered in the packhouse while watching the hallway through the security feed, to ensure no one comes to Marcy's and George's room. 
She knew that other than Nora and James, no one would dare to come into those two rooms. James was in training, so if she just entertained Nora, any danger of Nora finding out the truth would be gone, but Talia really didn't want to mingle with Nora. 
Talia remembered Nora shamelessly trying to get into Damon's room at the Lightclaw pack, and now that Marcy was out of the picture, Talia had a feeling that Nora will be another challenge she needed to deal with. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
The moving operation worked better than expected. 
Mindy and Maya took Nora shopping in the human town. 
Kalina joined training with the story of how the future Luna needs to be physically fit, and Nora thought how she should join some training sessions also. That would give her access to high-ranking guys, and Alpha Damon might attend also! 
With everyone out of the way, Travis came to help Damon and Talia to move Marcy and George to a house that's isolated and nestled among trees, about five minutes away from the packhouse. 
It's a two stories-high home with a kitchen, living area, and a dining room on the lower floor, and three bedrooms upstairs. 
They placed Marcy on the bed in one room, and Travis hooked her up to an IV. 
George walked, but it was sluggish and only when someone tugged him in a specific direction. It looked like his mind shut down and he would move as directed without any ions. 
"I will come twice a day to check on them and to administer the IV.", Travis said. "It would be good if someone is nearby in case their condition changes." He would arrange for some nurses to always be around, but Damon told him that this needs to be held as a top-secret, so nurses were not an option. 
"I will get warriors to keep guard. They won't come inside, but they can alert us if they hear something.", Damon said. He already thought of installing a few cameras so that they can keep an eye on Marcy and George. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 360 - Top-secret Patients (2)
Chapter 360 – Top-secret Patients (2)
Damon gestured toward the room where George was, and asked Travis, "Can he eat on his own?" 
Travis shrugged. "Physically, there is nothing wrong with him. I suggest that you leave some food by his side and see if he will take it." 
With that, Travis left the house. He had work to do in the hospital, and he was due to return in the evening to check on his two top-secret patients. 
"I will get some food for George. There must be leftovers in the fridge.", Talia said. 
Damon didn't want Talia to do it. "I will ask Steph." 
"No.", Talia said quickly before he could mind-link Stephanie. "She has too much on her mind. Let me do it." 
Damon frowned in obvious disapproval. He didn't want Talia to come and serve George and he definitely didn't want her close to Marcy. 
"It's just to bring food.", Talia coaxed her grumpy Alpha. "In any case, I need to bring herbs that Doctor Travis requested. As for food, I could delegate that to Dawn and Zina." 
Damon approved of someone else doing it, but… "Are they trustworthy?" 
"I believe they are.", Talia said before correcting herself. "They are. Besides, we can't do this on our own. The herbs will need to be changed occasionally, the rooms need to be ventilated, and our patients will need food more often than once a day. Depending on how long Marcy and George stay here, this place will need to be cleaned. The two of us can't do it without arousing suspicion that something is off. I will treat this as a test for Zina and Dawn because I know that Steph wants to retire, and I am thinking of asking them if they will be willing to take over Steph's duties." 
Damon's lips lifted into a smile. His kitten was doing Luna's duties, and he approved. 
"Alright.", he said. "I will let you handle it." 
Talia smiled brightly. 
She was happy that he let her handle things. It was a sign of trust. Damon believing that she can do it, meant the world to her. 
They walked back to the packhouse while holding hands with their fingers interlaced, and Talia asked, "Should we call Shaman Gideon?" 
Damon's expression hardened. "Why?" 
"He should be the best person to advise us in getting Marcy and George back on their feet." 
"Why would I want to help them?", Damon grumbled. "Let them stay like that forever. I am thinking of just sending them to Alpha Edward and letting him deal with them. Instead of the video, we can say that someone overheard the rejection, so he won't find out about George's real identity. If I don't think George could be useful to us, I would expose him completely." 
Talia knew that Damon didn't mean it. And she also knew that Damon had a grudge against the Shaman. Damon was under a lot of stress already, so Talia decided to stir the topic in another direction. 
"Can you tell me about the Frostcrest pack?" 
"They were a mid-sized pack…", Damon told her what he remembered about the pack, and how it disappeared from the map after being absorbed by the Red Moon pack about two decades ago. "Alpha Conor died in an Alpha duel against Alpha Howard. Luna Eliana passed away, due to heartbreak. They had a son, he was only a few years old, and he disappeared in the mess that happened during the leadership transfer. People believed that Alpha Howard killed the child in order to prevent a rebellion in the future because pack members tend to stay loyal to their Alpha. Who would have known that the boy was right under Alpha Howard's nose?" 
Talia listened to everything attentively, and when Damon finished, she said, "So… George is like you. Without parents." 
"Uhm… yes.", Damon said and eyed the little woman by his side. "I assume you were hinting at something with that comment." 
"I didn't.", Talia denied it. "But I hope you will keep an open mind when it comes to George." 
Damon frowned. "An open mind?" 
"I have a feeling that George is a good person. That's all. In addition, I have something in common with George too." 
"You do?" 
Talia nodded. "Alpha Howard was responsible for me and George ending up in the Red Moon pack." 
Damon agreed with that point. "My parents didn't approve that the Red Moon pack had this structure where children would be trained from a young age while living separately from their parents. Because of that policy, it was difficult to estimate how many children were from the Red Moon pack, and how many came from other places." 
Talia remembered her childhood. "There were many kids, and I assumed that they were like me, without parents. But when I became older, and they repurposed the building to be a part of training facilities, everyone else had a place to go, except for me. That's how I ended up in the attic." 
"They didn't assign you a place because there was no data about you being there." 
Talia halted her steps and looked at Damon. "Thank you." 
"For?" 
"For giving me a home." 
Damon didn't know how to respond to this. He would say 'you are welcome', but he couldn't form any words as the myriad of Talia's emotions hit him harshly, making him understand how much was hidden behind those two words, 'thank you'. 
Talia was always an outcast, never having a place to call her own, and he was determined to give her exactly that and much more. 
Damon wrapped his arms around Talia and pressed her against him with the hope that she will read his emotions through the mate bond and understand how much she means to him. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"Damon?", Talia called. 
"Hmm?" 
"About Shaman Gideon…", Talia's voice trailed. 
"What about him?" 
"I know you don't get along with him, but he might help us deal with this mess. If he can help Marcy and George get better, they will leave sooner. Isn't that what we want?" Seeing that Damon didn't respond, Talia kept on talking, "We don't need to disclose who they are. We can just tell him that two people broke their mate bond and are suffering. Maybe he will give us advice. If he agrees to see them, we can say that they are someone from this pack." 
Damon let out a long breath. "I don't like Gideon, but I love you." 
Talia looked at him expectantly. "What does that mean?" 
"I can't say no to you, kitten. But don't expect me to talk to him, and I don't want you to go there either. Ask Maya to do it." 
Talia's face broke into a smile. "Alright." She rubbed her face into his chest. "You are the best, you know that?" 
"I know. I know…", Damon mumbled and then he got an idea. "But don't think that this is for free." 
Talia froze. "What do you mean?" 
"I expect payment for this." He leaned closer and whispered into her ear, "Tonight." 
Talia got goosebumps dancing all over her skin. 
Damon's hot breath tickled her ear and his hold on her tightened and she knew what kind of payment he was expecting. The naughty Alpha wanted to get frisky, and he was playful about it, so she played along. 
"This is important, my Alpha. I will do anything." Talia put her index finger on his lips and traced the invisible line down his neck, over his Adam's apple, until she hooked her finger at the collar of his shirt and pulled him lower. 
"Anything…", her lips moved against his cheek and Damon was hard in an instant. 
He let out a slow chuckle, and spoke in a sexy low voice, "If we are not so busy, I would push you down on this grass right now and have my way with you." 
Talia was surprised that lusty Alpha was aware of how there was a world beyond carnal pleasures. That was a first. 
"Well, I guess you will need to wait until tonight, my Alpha." Her eyes flashed mischievously. "Maybe I put on a sexy outfit to treat you for doing me a favor." 
Damon swallowed hard. The evening couldn't come fast enough. 
Do they need to wait until evening? 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 361 - Top-secret Patients (3) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 361 – Top-secret Patients (3) [Bonus Chapter]
Author's note: 
Here is a shoutout to Reader2022! 
Thank you, Reader2022, for the Magic Castle! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
– – – 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel…  
– – – 
When Talia and Damon reached the packhouse, Damon headed to the study in order to figure out guards for the house where Marcy and George were, and Talia went to the kitchen in order to get food for George. 
Dawn and Zina were sitting on barstools and leaning over the kitchen island while commenting on an article in WW magazine that was open in front of them. It was obvious they were idling. 
"There is no work at the time. All guests are busy with something. Why are you here?", Talia asked. 
"Ivy and Lily are in town with Rose, and we volunteered to stay back. What if Commander George needs something?", Zina asked cheekily, and Dawn nodded in agreement. 
Talia shook her head at her silly friends. She wanted to tell them that he was in the other house, in a zombie-like state, but she realized that she didn't think that through, so she went with the official version, "Marcy and Commander George went to tour our territory and won't be back for some time." 
Dawn and Zina showed disappointed looks, and Talia felt guilty for lying to them, but she will tell them the truth once she figures out how to say it. 
Everything happened so quickly and even Talia needed some time to process things. 
Talia went to the pantry and fridge and picked up a few items from each. There were plenty of leftovers from lunch. 
Talia took a picnic basket that will be perfect to take the food for two patients in one go, and she will have a free hand to fetch some of the herbs on her way. 
"Are you going on a picnic with Alpha Damon?", Dawn asked with a knowing smile. 
I wish. "Something like that.", Talia responded. "Tonight, plan to stay a bit longer after dinner. I have an important task for you." By then, Talia will figure out how to tell them about the current situation. 
Zina eyed Talia curiously. "Important task?" It must be more than just important if Talia announced it in advance. Normally, they just get instructions that end with: do it right now. 
"You will find out what it is then.", Talia said mysteriously. "It's nothing too demanding, but it will require secrecy." 
"Oh…", A sound escaped Dawn's lips. "So, you want us to do something secretly and no one to know about it." 
"That's demanding already.", Zina said through giggles. "Are you planning a super-sexy surprise for Alpha Damon, and you want us to operate the fog machine?" 
Dawn rolled her eyes. "What fog machine? It must be to set up a romantic spot that will provide privacy…" 
"Nonsense.", Zina cut off Dawn. "It will be a sexy performance and she needs background dancers…" 
Talia shook her head at her two friends who were guessing naughty stuff, but she didn't want to give them any hints at that time. 
Talia knew that she shouldn't disclose that George is an Alpha, but… should she tell them that he ended up in a sorry condition because of the severed mate bond? Maybe she could say that rogues attacked him. But how can she explain Marcy's condition? And how can they be bedridden due to an attack when none of them has visible injuries? 
Talia was never good at lying, so she needed to prepare for this. The truth was the best option, but Talia was not sure how much of the truth she should reveal. The good thing was that she had until evening to prepare for this reveal. 
… 
Talia was pleased with herself that she convinced Damon to deal with his matters and not tag along with her. It was just Talia bringing food and flowers, and she had no intention to linger. 
In the garden, she collected lavender and passionflower, and on her way through the forest, she got chamomile. Travis gave her a few more herbs on the list, but they were not on the way, and she didn't have much time. 
Talia remembered Gideon's garden, and there Talia saw a few plants she was looking for. Talia decided to ask Gideon for some when she gets a chance. 
Talia knew that dried plants will release more of their fragrance, and she thought of storing them in cloth pouches that can be kept next to her two patients, but that will take a few days to prepare, and she really hoped that George and Marcy will snap out of it by then. 
Talia's first destination was the kitchen. She found two vases and separated flowers so that both Marcy and George have some in their rooms. 
With a vase and a bowl of fruits, Talia went to Marcy's room first. 
Marcy was still unconscious, lying on the bed, like sleeping, and there was a small frown on her now pale face. 
Talia didn't forgive Marcy for what she did in the Red Moon pack. And she didn't forgive Marcy's naughty attitude from earlier that day. 
However, Talia felt sorry that Marcy was in such a bad condition. No one deserves to lose a mate. 
Talia didn't get it, why did Marcy reject George as her mate? 
Talia remembered that she was scared of Damon at first, and then she thought how he was willful and unstable, and she didn't know they were mates, but even with that, Talia craved for Damon's proximity. When he was around, she was not alone. At that time, Talia thought that he was only playing with her, but she still cherished every moment they spent together. 
Talia gave Damon many of her firsts and she wouldn't regret a single one because it felt so right that it couldn't be wrong. 
As a total opposite of that, Marcy rejected her mate. Why would anyone reject a person who was created to make them happy? Or maybe it's not happy. 
The Moon Goddess pairs werewolves to form a perfect match, giving them exactly what they need, and maybe Marcy and George were not supposed to make each other happy, maybe it was something else, and what that else might be… only the two of them knew. 
Talia went back to the kitchen to fetch a tray with food that was prepared for George. This one had more than just fruits, and it also came with a vase of fragrant flowers. 
In George's room, Talia placed the tray with food and the vase on the bedside table and looked at George. 
George was on the bed, staring at the ceiling with an unfocused gaze. The only difference between him and Marcy was that his eyes were open. 
Unsure if she should say anything to him, Talia turned to rearrange flowers in the vase. Just coming and going without a word felt weird. 
Can he even hear her? Doctor Travis said that he can. 
Will he approve of her talking? Well, if he tells her to shut up, at least it will be some reaction, and anything will be better than this. 
Talia steeled her resolve and spoke to George, "I brought you food." 
He didn't move a muscle. 
"I'm sorry you went through that experience. I can't imagine how much it hurts to be rejected by a mate." Just the thought of Damon pushing her away was giving Talia a glimpse of anguish that comes with the soul being torn apart. "We won't tell anyone about what happened, unless we have to, and we estimate that we can conceal this for a few days. Focus on yourself and getting better." 
Talia made a step closer to the bed. 
"I don't expect you to respond to me, but I hope you are listening. I know it hurts, but you can't do this to yourself. There must be people waiting for you to return home. Think about them." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 362 - George’s Pain
Chapter 362 – George’s Pain
With George not showing any signs that he wanted to communicate, Talia didn't want to linger. 
"I will be back in the evening to take this away and bring fresh food. No one will disturb you. If you need anything, you only need to shout, and someone will come to check on you." 
She said her goodbyes and left. 
What Talia didn't see was that George's eyes moved when Talia closed the door behind her. 
George heard Talia. He was aware of everything happening around him, but he didn't have the desire to respond. It was like all that was happening to someone else and he was observing from the third person's point of view. 
Detachment allowed him to ease the pain, but the truth was that he felt hollow, like someone removed an important part from his chest. He was an empty shell, without a drive to react to external stimuli. 
Why did the Moon Goddess give him Marcy as a mate? To teach him a lesson? To steel his resolve that he needs to demolish the Red Moon pack? 
He heard that Marcy was in the room next door and that she was not doing well, and he didn't care. That was a relief. His indifference was proof that the bond was broken, and he won't be influenced by the persistent urge to stick to Marcy and to claim her as his. 
The unbelievable part was that if Marcy didn't reject him, he would probably drop the whole revenge part if she asked him to. He would do anything to make her happy, and as the son-in-law of the Red Moon pack with the Alpha bloodline who is definitely more capable than James, the chances were high that George would become the next Alpha of the Red Moon pack without the need to spill blood. 
That moment in the garden when he met Marcy the first time, was the fork on George's path, and he could continue with his revenge, or give up on it, and Marcy's rejection decided for him. 
After Marcy's rejection, George spent days drifting between anguish and agony, wondering what he did wrong to be rejected by his other half as his heart ached like someone stabbed him repeatedly, and only when numbness replaced pain, he was able to breathe. 
George heard updates about Marcy, but he avoided seeing her out of fear that he will experience that pain again. Luckily, she didn't come to the training ground. 
When George heard that it's set for Marcy to go to the Dark Howlers pack, he decided to go with her. Did she really think that she will be the Luna of some other Alpha after what she did to him? George was determined to spoil Marcy's plans, even if that meant he needed to go through the same hell again. 
It was easy to manipulate Alpha Edward into giving that task to George, and George was surprised that when he finally faced Marcy again, instead of pain there was anger. 
Well… things unfolded the way they did, and after George realized that his innocent mate is a slut without a shred of morality, chasing after money and power, just like the rest of her family, he accepted her rejection. 
Isn't this what she wanted? She wanted the freedom to be with someone else, and Geroge gave it to her. Marcy was definitely not aware of the pain that comes when mate rejects his other half but George didn't have any desire to think about her anymore. 
He needed to focus on himself. 
This pain of mate bond breaking completely was stronger than he thought it will be. How long will he need to resemble a normal being? Will he be able to recover? He could barely feel his wolf. 
Talia said that they could conceal this for some time, and he knew that he should snap out of it because if Alpha Edward finds out about this, George will be in trouble… but the problem was that George had no willpower to do anything. 
The emptiness in his chest was expanding and threatening to engulf him completely, and he hoped that when that happens, the pain will go as well. He was tired… tired of training and fighting and trying and pretending that he is a grateful orphan who made a name for himself among warriors, and he wanted it all to stop. 
Why was he struggling? To avenge people who were already dead? Surely, if his parents were anything like what he heard in stories, they would wish for George to leave all this behind and to lead a happy life, but that glimpse of happiness disappeared with Marcy's rejection. There was no point in continuing. 
Darkness was consuming him, and he allowed it to happen. He wanted it to end. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
After an unknown measure of time, Talia's words echoed in George's mind, 'There must be people waiting for you… think about them…' 
He remembered Estelle and other Omegas that are living in his villa. What will happen to them if George gives up and doesn't return to the Red Moon pack? 
And it's not just them, there are many others in the Red Moon pack who were originally from the Frostcrest pack. 
Every Friday evening, they would gather in the forest behind George's villa. There would be a bonfire and drinks, and they would reminiscence the days from before George could remember. The mood was light, and George would eagerly wait for someone to whisper about Alpha Conor and Luna Eliana, and how amazing they were. 
Those Friday evenings were bringing him peace and comfort, and George knew that those people were in the Red Moon pack only because the other option was to rebel and end up as rogues, or in the dungeon, or worse… dead. 
If they had a choice, they would still be part of the Frostcrest pack and living their peaceful lives. 
Since he found out about his background, George listened to stories of people who had professions like a baker, a hunter, a weaver, a florist, and they were proud to be members of the Frostcrest pack. Those friendly people accepted a life worse than Omegas, working dirty and hard jobs, because that's how the ones who didn't originate from the Red Moon pack were treated. 
No one spoke about the future because they didn't want to think about it. They gave up hope for a better tomorrow. Their Alpha and Luna were gone, their prince was missing, and they were looking forward to Friday evenings when they could lift their heads and share their griefs with people who understood their situation. 
They thought George Shaw was dead, yet there he was, hidden behind the alias Commander George, listening to their stories that told him there was a group of people happily recollecting the days when his parents were alive, and they had no idea that he was right there… and he could make their dreams come true. 
Isn't that what an Alpha should do? Fight for his people? 
His father fought and died, and George thought how that was valiant. Shouldn't he do the same? Fight, so that his people can have a better life? 
Is that why the Moon Goddess sent him Marcy? Because he was delaying to make his move? Was he getting complacent as the Commander, and he forgot his purpose? Was Marcy a reminder that the Redmayne family is corrupted beyond redemption and that he had to remove them in order for his people to walk with their heads held high all the time? 
George rolled to the side and groaned at the pain that wrecked his insides. 
He curled into a fetal position and repeated silently that he needs to get through this because Talia was right. Estelle and many others were waiting for him to return, and he will kill Alpha Edward and… he didn't think beyond that, but he knew that he will free the world from the existence of the Red Moon pack. That will be his legacy. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 363 - Concealing The Secret
Chapter 363 – Concealing The Secret
Maya returned from her shopping with Nora and Mindy, and as soon as they unloaded shopping bags from the car, Maya went to visit Gideon. 
After training, Caden went to set up security cameras in the house where Marcy and George were. 
Mindy and Kalina were eager to hear more details about the whole Marcy and George business and they met with Talia in the lounge. 
After confirming that Nora was in her room, and other guys from the Lightclaw pack were resting, Talia played loud music to cover up their voices as she gave them the latest updates. 
Mindy and Kalina were flabbergasted. Talia told them that morning that she suspected how something was happening between Marcy and George, but them being mates brought the whole thing to a totally different level. 
Maya told them that she and Mindy will take Nora shopping in an attempt to keep Nora busy after lunch without further explanations, and now it all made sense in a completely unexpected way. 
"The story of how they are sightseeing the territory won't hold on for long.", Kalina said. "What will you do if they don't wake up soon? And even if they wake up, they might start shouting how you did something to their wolves and deny the whole mate thing. It's not like you can prove it. The bond is gone now." 
Talia shrugged helplessly. "Let's take this one step at a time. We hope they will wake up, and leave this place on their own, otherwise, we will need to come up with some majestic excuse as to why they came here, disappeared, and no one saw them leaving. There is no way we can deliver them in their current state, and if they get worse… I don't want to think about it." 
"Don't worry, Lia.", Mindy said. "You can count on us. We will help how much we can." 
"Help with what?", Nora's voice came from the door. 
Mindy cursed internally. She was about to suggest how they can kill Marcy and George while they are incapacitated. Two people will wear disguises and dress up as Marcy and George in order to make appearances in the human town and leave evidence behind, with the last traces being two plane tickets to Vegas. The official story will be that Marcy and George eloped. The plan needed some polishing here and there, but it was solid. Unfortunately, now that Nora came, Mindy's brilliant plan will need to wait to see the light of day. 
"We were talking about the upcoming party.", Kalina was quick to respond. "We are running out of time, and Marcy decided to check out the territory of the Dark Howlers pack." 
Nora's eyebrows shot up. "She did? When will she be back?" 
"Who knows?", Mindy said. "Marcy is acting like this is a vacation, and all the hard work fell on our shoulders. George is accompanying her." 
Kalina bobbed her head. "Well, we were planning to make this a surprise party and we were ready, but Marcy introduced some changes at the last moment, and now we are not sure if she even wants to attend." 
Nora smiled brightly. She didn't care about the pesky details. With Marcy and George out of the way, she felt like invisible shackles were gone and she could breathe freely. If it's up to Nora, Marcy and George will be away for a week, or longer. Who cares about an entitled princess and a commander? 
"Don't worry, ladies.", Nora said in a singing voice while making her way toward them. "I will help. I got the perfect dress and shoes, so I am available. Let's make this party awesome!" 
Talia thought how this will work. This can keep Nora busy and away from the packhouse. Besides, didn't Mindy just volunteer to help? 
"That's very generous of you, Nora.", Talia said. "Before dinner, you can go with Mindy to the party store and finalize choices of balloons and streamers. Marcy mentioned that she wants white and purple. Feel free to add a third color." 
"Golden!", Nora said immediately. 
Talia remembered that in the Red Moon pack everything is glitzy and there is a lot of golden accents. No wonder Nora chose that one. 
But just agreeing might be suspicious, so Talia added, "Don't forget that this is the Dark Howlers pack, so you should have some dark gray or black items." Nora nodded earnestly and Talia continued, "In the morning you will check the bakery. We ordered the main cake and pastries. You will need to ensure they are on time and taste samples… With you checking all these, I can focus on watching that everything is set up here properly… The butcher will prepare a boar. Remind him that it needs to be here by noon so that we start roasting it… Soup and appetizers will come from a restaurant…" 
The more Talia spoke, the more Nora's face fell. With so many things left to do, she won't have much time to mingle with guys. She was planning to go to the training center and ask a hunk (possibly Alpha Damon) to show her some moves! 
Nora reminded herself that she will have plenty of time to flirt at the party. Also, this will be a great chance to show what she can do and leave her personal touch for tomorrow's party, and Alpha Damon will definitely be impressed. Who knows? With Marcy out of the way, Maybe Nora ends up dancing with him tomorrow, and then they will do much more than dancing! 
Nora was all giddy while thinking about it. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
By dinner time, Damon arranged guards around the house where Marcy and George were, Caden set up cameras so that they could see two patients and if anyone comes close the house, Maya met with Gideon and returned with a bundle of herbs, and Talia spoke with Travis after his evening visit. 
Everyone had updates to share, and since Talia didn't have the mind-link, the four of them headed to study after dinner. 
They were all thinking about the situation with Marcy and George, and didn't notice that James was trailing them. 
"Alpha Damon…", James called as Damon reached to open the door of the study. "Can we have a word?" 
Damon looked at the teenager. "In private, or…?" 
James glanced at Maya, Caden, and Talia. "They can be present." 
Damon had a bad feeling about this. Normally, James was absentminded or trying not to attract attention, yet now he was confident and slightly cocky. 
Damon sat behind his desk, and Talia stood by his side. Maya and Caden were also there, with their backs to the wall, and James took a seat on the chair opposite Damon. 
"How can I help you?", Damon asked. 
"This is about my sister.", James went straight to the point. "Maybe Nora believes nonsense how Marcy and George went sightseeing, but I don't." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 364 - Negotiating With A Teenager [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 364 – Negotiating With A Teenager [Bonus Chapter]
Author's note: 
Here is a shoutout to blackfirerose! 
Thank you, blackfirerose, for the Magic Castle! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
– – – 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel…  
– – – 
The air in the study stilled. 
James just said how he knows that something was fishy with Marcy and George, and he was not wrong. 
Damon, Talia, Maya, and Caden were looking at James, and all of them wondered the same thing: how much did he know? 
Damon's expression didn't crack as he asked James, "What are you trying to say?" 
"I'm saying that they didn't go sightseeing and you are trying to cover it up.", James responded with confidence. 
"That's a serious accusation. How about you explain what gave you the courage to say something like that?.", Damon spoke icily, releasing some of his aura as a warning. 
James shrunk a little, feeling as if someone pressed on his shoulders, but he was determined to move on with his plan. Besides, it was too late to back away. 
"They didn't join us for dinner. Your Beta made sure that Nora was away for the afternoon while I was stuck in training. Why would Marcy spend a day with George when her goal for coming here was to get close to you? And you said that she might be away longer. Assuming that my sister wanted to see something, she wouldn't go with just George, and she would definitely be back by now. She came here to be your Luna and she can go sightseeing later. But even if my sister would do something like that, George is a different story. He always followed orders and his orders were not do to anything that would jeopardize Marcy's chances to become your Luna. With the two of them alone for a prolonged period, it will create an ambiguous situation." James ended by giving Damon a knowing look. 
Damon looked at James in a different light. A dimwitted teenager was actually quite observant. 
By now, Damon confirmed that James wanted something. If he already had all those things figured out, he would alert his father, if he wanted to, yet he didn't. 
"I also doubt that you want to make my sister your Luna.", James said, and his eyes moved to Talia. "Even a blind person would see that your attention is on Miss Talia. Mistresses stay invisible when the wife is around, or in this case, the future wife, yet you are acting like my sister doesn't exist. Even if you don't want to make my sister your Luna, you shouldn't provoke her openly. My guess is that Miss Talia is to you more than a mistress." James looked at Damon and smiled cockily. "Feel free to interrupt me if I am wrong." 
Damon waved at James to continue. "I am interested to hear what else you have to say." 
James raised his hands, palms toward Damon. "I didn't come here to provoke you." 
Damon leaned over his executive desk, closer to James. "And why are you here?" 
"I will keep my assumptions to myself, as long as you give me something in return.", James said. 
Damon couldn't believe it. Was he being blackmailed? 
"And what is to say I won't kick your ass into the dungeon?" 
James was alerted. "There is no need for hostility. You need me." 
It was Damon's turn to be surprised. "I do?" 
"When George doesn't give his daily report tomorrow morning, my father will start asking questions." 
Damon expected that Alpha Edward will keep tabs on Marcy, but he didn't expect daily reports. This might be a problem. But the bigger problem right now was the pompous teenager who caught onto something, and Damon needed to settle things with him first. "And you will go against your father and help me?" 
"This is not really against my father. It's just giving you extra time to deal with whatever you are facing. If you can't fix it, my action will only delay my father finding out the truth, and if you fix it, then no harm will be done. In the meantime, I can give reports instead of George. George is my mentor, and he was never good with electronics. I know his passwords and style of writing." 
Looking at James' annoyingly confident expression, Damon regretted allowing the group from the Red Moon pack to come here. Surely, just rejecting them from the start wouldn't be this complicated. In less than a day, Marcy and George were bedridden, James was scheming something, and Damon had a feeling that the fourth one (aka Nora) will also cause trouble. During the whole dinner, she was smiling and looking his way, even though he didn't spare her a glance. 
Damon was tired of playing games, so he went to the point. "What do you want in return?" 
James' face exploded into a grin. He was waiting for this. "I will fake George's reports, and you fake mine." 
Damon didn't get it. "Fake what reports?" 
"The training ones." James turned to look at Caden. "Create reports on how I am doing great, but not too great. If it's too good, my father will want a demonstration." 
"You want to skip training.", Caden concluded. 
"You can call it that way if you wish.", James said to Caden, and turned back to Damon. "Assign one or two warriors to drive me around when I need it. I don't have a driver's license and I want to check out Darkbourne and human city. I won't cause trouble. I want to visit arcades, interactive museums, shopping malls, and anything that can be interesting for a teen like me. I have a list…" James reached into the back pocket of his jeans and placed a randomly folded piece of paper. "After breakfast, I will send a report to my father. If you want me to put anything specific in the report, let me know. After that, I will head out and return in the evening. I expect that you give me a credit card for expenses or some cash. If I use my card, my father will find out about it. In exchange, I will make sure that my father doesn't suspect a thing." 
Damon looked at the paper that had a number of places like a bowling alley, skydiving center, and go-cart, and he realized that James wanted to have fun outside Alpha Edward's grasp. 
James remembered one more thing. "Oh, and if this lasts more than a few days, I want a television and a game console in my room, to keep me busy." 
"You are not going to ask what happened to your sister?", Damon asked. 
"No.", James said without missing a beat. "The less I know, the better. However, be aware that my father invested a lot to make Marcy your Luna. If you plan to get out of that, you better prepare a good exit strategy and watch your back. There are people in your pack that are supporting my father's agenda in making Marcy your Luna." 
Damon frowned at this. He knew about Elder Charlie and Elder Samson, but why did James sound like there are many? 
"Do you know who from my pack is involved?" 
James shook his head. "I found out this much by pretending to be stupid. George might know since he is the Commander who came to escort my sister here. I'm sure that my father gave him special instructions, but how special… you will need to talk to George about it." 
James looked at Damon expectantly. "So? What do you say? Do we have a deal?" 
"What about Nora?", Maya asked. 
"What about her?", James responded with a question. "She is Beta's daughter no one cares about, and she cares only about herself. To be honest, I can't stand her. If Nora goes missing, people will assume she ran off with some high-ranking member. If you want, I can include that in one of my reports…" 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 365 - James Redmayne
Chapter 365 – James Redmayne
James left the study in a good mood. 
He never had a chance to relax and enjoy his youth, and this might be his first and last chance to do so. James was not exaggerating to think that. 
From a young age, James was training to improve his strength and stamina. When he was not training, he would study the history of werewolves, military tactics, economics, and anything his father deemed important for an Alpha. 
At first, James tried his best to please his father, but soon he realized that no matter how much he tried, and no matter how good he scored, it was never good enough. His father would parade him as some kind of a trophy in front of other Alphas, but when it was just them, James was almost ignored. However, he still pushed himself with the hope he will get the praise that never came. 
James was confident that when he gets older, his achievements will also soar, and he will get his father's approval. Little did he know how those were the good days and that the troubles were yet to come. 
James was about twelve years old when his wolf stirred, and to James' horror, there was no Alpha aura present. 
His trainer at that time said how that was odd. Alpha's aura is not related to age, but it's in one's DNA, and when the wolf just starts appearing, the aura would come out uncontrollably, which didn't happen with James. 
James was quick to set up his trainer for stealing and to discredit him. That's how James got as a new trainer the latest rising star in his father's army, George. 
George assessed James and he said how there are cases of late bloomers, and James must be it, and Alpha Edward bought it. 
James didn't ask if that was the truth or if George lied for him, but it worked for both of them. Since then, James was training hard and trying not to stand out in any way. 
However, James was aware that even if the late bloomer story was true, he was running out of time. If by eighteenth birthday James doesn't show he has the Alpha aura, his reputation as the promising Alpha of the next generation will be tarnished. 
Does he have that aura? With every passing day, James' hopes were fading, and when he took into consideration his parents' debauchery, James started suspecting that he is not Alpha Edward's biological son. Luna Layla has in her ancestry people with Alpha and Beta genes, but she herself didn't have them until Alpha Edward marked her. 
James could dispel his doubts with a DNA test, but his father has people everywhere, and if it turns out that James and Alpha Edward are not related, and Alpha Edward finds out about it… James had no idea what the consequences would be. Would his father kick him out, kill him, or maybe pretend that everything was fine? After all, his father pretends about many things. 
Whatever the case will be, James had just over two years before he ran out of time, and he was determined to make it count. 
When his father was watching, James was an obedient son, talking only when asked and otherwise pretending not to notice things, but now that he got some leverage, he will have fun, like any other teenager. 
Yes, his sister might be in trouble, but James was aware that Marcy wouldn't move a finger for him so, why would he do anything for her? 
And did she really think that James didn't notice how Marcy and George spent the night together in the motel? And when George returned, he smelled of Marcy! Gross. 
James didn't want to think about Marcy, George, his non-existent Alpha aura, or anything unpleasant, because in the next few days he will have pure fun! 
He fist-pumped in the air and entered his room. He wanted to sleep early because tomorrow will be an exciting day! 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
In the study… 
After James left, Damon, Talia, Maya, and Caden looked at each other helplessly. 
Of course, Damon agreed to collaborate with James, but no one knew if James was an ally or a blackmailer. Probably both, for now. 
Damon rubbed his forehead forcibly. He felt like an invisible leash was tightening around his neck, and he didn't like it. 
"We need to find out who from our pack is working with Alpha Edward.", Damon said. "When things escalate, I don't want anyone backstabbing me. Now it's about Marcy, tomorrow will be something else, but the constant is that those people are willing to act against me. I want them found." 
Damon spoke to Caden. "Talk to Elder Samson and Elder Charlie. See if they know others who are supporting Alpha Edward's agenda. Find out who is their contact in the Red Moon pack, and then see if anyone from our pack was in touch with that person." 
"We asked them that and they refused to answer.", Caden said. 
"Tell them that this involves the safety of their Luna. If anything happens to her, I will hold them accountable. Exaggerate more if needed." 
Caden nodded in agreement, and Damon turned to Maya. 
"What did Shaman say about fixing people whose bond was broken?" 
"Shaman said that everyone is different, but overall, it's about them finding their will to live. Just as Doctor Travis said, there are ways to calm the mind in order to ease the suicidal tendencies, and they need a strong will and support to snap out of it. Unfortunately for Marcy, her brother doesn't want to know about her state, and her best friend seemed happy that Marcy is not around." 
"We shouldn't tell Nora about Marcy's state.", Talia said. "She will only use it to her advantage." 
They all agreed with this. 
"As for Commander George…", Maya continued. "He is an orphan, no family on file, fanatic about training. He is in a better state compared to Marcy, but there is no guarantee it will improve." 
"You brought some herbs.", Talia reminded Maya. 
"Yes.", Maya responded and reached into her pocket to get a piece of paper. "Shaman gave me instructions on how to use them…" 
Talia took the paper and skimmed through it. 
Talia leaned to give Damon a quick kiss. "I will go and handle this. Zina and Dawn are waiting for me in the kitchen." 
Damon didn't approve. He knew that Talia wanted to go and visit Marcy and George, and it was dark outside! "Wait until I finish here, and we will go together." 
"You deal with things here, and I will do what I can.", Talia said. "It will be faster." 
Damon wanted to go with Talia, but he had a lot of things to handle and he knew that Talia had a point. "Be careful. Don't be alone. Keep your phone handy." 
"I will. I won't. I will.", Talia said and giggled at his frown. "Don't worry." She winked and left the study. 
Damon let out a long breath and shook his head at the silly girl who was adorable even while getting him worried. 
— 
Note: James' photo is attached in the comments of chapter 3. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 366 - Nyotaimori
Chapter 366 – Nyotaimori
Damon had tasks for Caden, "Put extra cameras around James. I want to know when, where, and with whom he is communicating. Monitor the wi-fi traffic." 
"You think that he will talk to Alpha Edward?", Caden asked. 
"Maybe he already spoke to him.", Maya said with a frown. They didn't anticipate this mess, so they didn't tighten their security. 
"I don't think he did.", Damon shared his thoughts. "James looks like a smart guy. If he wanted his father to know, he would tell him and continue to lay low until Alpha Edward makes his move." 
"So, you think he is an ally?", Caden asked thoughtfully. "The kid obviously knows more than he allowed us to see. Will he reveal information about the Red Moon pack and Alpha Edward?" 
"I don't know.", Damon admitted. "But I know that I don't like our current position. We should treat as a priority to get Marcy and George on their feet. When that happens, James will lose his leverage. I will leave it to Talia and Doctor Travis to take care of the patients." 
If Talia could use her power to bring them into reality, that would be great, but Damon didn't know if Talia could actually do something like that. She healed him, but those were physical injuries, and this is different. 
Unfortunately, they couldn't just test it out recklessly because of the risk of exposing Talia's powers to Marcy, George, and anyone who might be nearby. They can't use the mermaid excuse when things start flashing in the forest. 
When thinking about the pros and cons, Damon decided that it's better for Talia to stay low. Her safety comes first, and he will deal with anything else to the best of his abilities. 
Damon spoke to Maya, "Your role is to keep Nora busy. Get some soldiers to distract her. If she can be around and oblivious, that will be for the best. If we put her in the dungeon and ask James to cover up for it, it will be one more thing he has on us." 
Maya looked at Damon with a smirk. "What soldiers? She has eyes only for you." 
Damon frowned. "What?" 
"Didn't you notice how she was looking at you?" 
Damon's frown deepened. "I don't care where and how she is looking. Do your best to keep her busy. If Talia loses her temper…" He shook his head. 
Maya remembered how Talia forced Jill to kneel in the restroom of the Shifters nightclub and Maya couldn't decide if that would be a good or a bad way to deal with Nora. 
While Maya was thinking about Talia making others bow (and kneel) in submission, Damon was talking to Caden, "Let's reinforce security there so that no accidents happen…" 
Damon didn't have a problem faking training reports and allowing James to have some fun, but the idea that James had something on Damon was unsettling. And James had more than just a few things. 
Rumors were already spreading how Talia came from the Red Moon pack, and if Alpha Edward suspects that Talia is Damon's mate, he won't spare efforts to get his hands on her. 
Tomorrow's party couldn't come fast enough. 
The best course of action would be to cut ties with Marcy officially and then to introduce Talia as his mate, but now that Marcy was unconscious and rumors about Talia were spreading, Damon needed to do things out of order, and hope for the best. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Talia entered the kitchen to see Dawn and Zina wiping the countertops. 
"Did you wait long?", Talia asked. 
"No.", Dawn responded. "We are almost done cleaning up." 
Both Dawn and Zina looked at Talia expectantly and Talia knew that they wanted to find out about the big secret. 
"Give me a minute to compose myself.", Talia said. 
Talia was dazed by the overload of events. Her greatest fear was that Marcy will recognize her and cause trouble, or throw herself at Damon, but the reality was that so many other things happened, and Marcy placed Talia as Damon's mistress, and the most Marcy got to touch Damon was a handshake. Once. The whole day was crazy, and it was still not over. 
Talia was eager to finish her evening visit to Marcy and George, and then to sink into Damon's comforting embrace. 
"Are you OK?" 
Zina's question reminded Talia that her expression was not good. 
"Yeah. Help me prepare food for one. We should have plenty of leftovers from dinner, right?" 
Talia frowned at the sight of Dawn and Zina elbowing each other. "What?" 
"Food for one?", Dawn asked with a sly smile on her face. "Small bites?" 
Talia shrugged. She didn't really think about the size of bites, but George was sick so… "Sure. If it's not very messy, that will be great." 
"I knew it!", Dawn exclaimed. "Nyotaimori. That's so hot! Where are we doing it? Here? Or should we go to your bedroom? Or do you have another place on your mind?" 
Talia was confused. Did Dawn just speak a foreign language? "What?" 
Zina explained, "Dawn and I had a bet related to why you asked us to stay here for a secret mission. Dawn said that it will be food-related. It's obvious that she won." 
Yes, the secretive thing was food-related, and it included taking food to George. 
There was no need to take food for Marcy. Talia confirmed through the security video feed that Marcy was still unconscious. 
But seeing Dawn's and Zina's elated expressions, Talia had questions. "What is a Nyo-ta-i-mo-ri?" 
Dawn grinned. "It's when you lie down naked, and there is food all over you, and Alpha Damon gets to eat the food, and then he eats you. Traditionally, it's done with sushi, but considering that you are looking at leftovers from dinner, we can improvise…" Dawn paused when she saw Talia's bewildered expression. "Wait. It doesn't seem you are doing that." 
"Hehe…", Zina giggled, happy that she didn't lose the bet. "What are we doing?" 
"I am amazed at all the ideas you have.", Talia said while shaking her head. "I am intrigued about the human body being used as a serving plate, and I hope to hear more when we have time to chat. But now it's getting late, so we should focus on why we are here. This food is not going to be arranged on me, and it's not for Damon. It's for George…" Talia explained the current situation, and as she talked, the playful atmosphere turned solemn. 
Dawn couldn't believe what she heard. "Marcy rejected her fated mate. That's a lot of bad karma right there. The Moon Goddess will punish her harshly. We should stay away from her, so it doesn't rub off on us." 
"Why did she reject him?", Zina asked. 
Talia shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine." 
"Aww…", Dawn whined. "I would give anything to have a mate like that." 
"Like what?", Zina asked. 
"Like Commander George.", Dawn said. "He is just the right combination of handsomeness and muscles. I bet that he can give his mate nights filled with carnal pleasures and endless orgasms. Marcy was blind or stupid to say no to that." 
"The man is bedridden, and you are thinking about orgasms.", Zina teased Dawn. 
"My orgasms have nothing to do with his condition.", Dawn responded matter-of-factly. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 367 - A Second Chance Mate
Chapter 367 – A Second Chance Mate
While thinking about how George was rejected by Marcy, Dawn felt her chest tightening. "I feel sorry for him, and I hope he gets his second chance mate." 
Talia's ears perked up. What was that? "What's a second chance mate?" 
Zina responded, "Sometimes, fated mates are not destined for a future where both of them grow old together. This is my first time to hear that mates rejected each other, but there are cases where one dies premature death, leaving the other mate behind. They say that the Moon Goddess rewards the worthy ones with a second chance mate, the one that will fill in the gap and make their lives worth living. The legend says that if a mated she-wolf is marked and her mate perishes, if her second chance mate exists, the mark on her neck will fade to make space for the new one." 
Talia thought how that was fantastic. She didn't see the mark on Marcy (or George), but she hoped that George will get his second chance mate, someone better than Marcy. 
Talia decided to go back to the topic. In order for George to get a second chance mate, he will need to recuperate from his current predicament. 
"George is not in a good shape, you can think of him as a patient in a coma. Marcy is still unconscious. If this leaks out, Damon might get in trouble, and this can escalate quickly. Considering Damon's strained relationship with Alpha Edward, and the expectations for Marcy to be Damon's Luna, this situation can easily be misinterpreted. That's why Doctor Travis is working on getting them better. I want to ask you to go there twice a day to take food and ventilate or clean the place when needed. I will go at least once, so we should decide on shifts…" 
Talia ended by asking Dawn and Zina to keep it a secret. "Other than the three of us, Damon, Maya, Caden, and Travis know about this. Even the warriors guarding the place don't know who is inside. Be mindful that it shouldn't spread further." 
"Of course!", they responded in unison. 
Dawn and Zina knew this was important, and Talia told them about it which meant that she trusted them. It was a big deal. After all, Talia was more than just a friend, she was their future Luna, and she shared with them something that might jeopardize the safety of their pack! Suddenly, Dawn and Zina felt the seriousness of the situation pressing on them. 
Talia's heart warmed to see her friends were on board. She knew that they would do wonderfully. The whole concept of being a Luna was foreign to Talia, but with her friends helping her out, Talia thought how being the Luna of the Dark Howler's pack won't be so intimidating. 
Since Dawn and Zina were aware of the current situation, it was time for planning the practical part. 
"I want one of you to deliver breakfast and the other one dinner. You can decide which one of you will be responsible for which. I will handle lunch. In case you want to switch, let me know in advance. Is that fine?" 
Damon asked Talia not to go herself, but she wanted to check on Marcy and George. Going once a day won't take much time, and it will give her a chance to get fresh herbs when needed. 
Dawn and Zina played rock-paper-scissors and decided that Zina will deliver dinner, and Dawn breakfast. 
Talia told them that she will go with both Dawn and Zina the first time, to show them the place. 
While chatting, Dawn and Zina helped Talia pack the containers with leftovers from dinner, and a few fresh fruits and Talia got herbs that Maya brought from Gideon. 
Dawn stayed to finish up cleaning the kitchen, and Zina went with Talia to deliver dinner to George. 
Talia was comforted because her friends were part of this. 
And it was not just Dawn and Zina; Maya, Kalina, and Mindy were doing their part also. 
… 
Zina and Talia returned shortly after Dawn finished cleaning the kitchen. 
Zina went to the trashcan to dump the food they brought back. 
"What's the situation there?", Dawn asked. 
"Everything smells great.", Zina responded. "The flowers Talia put in those rooms are fantastic. I decided to get the same for my place." 
Dawn rolled her eyes. She was asking about Marcy and George (well, mostly George), and Zina knew it. 
Zina was obviously in the mood to tease Dawn, so the latter turned to Talia to ask, "How are they doing?" 
"The same.", Talia responded. 
Dawn gestured toward Zina who was busy dumping stuff into the trashcan. "I assume Commander George didn't eat." 
"He didn't touch the food.", Talia said dejectedly. "He didn't eat anything since morning. How can he get better if he starves himself?" 
"You should see him, D…", Zina said sadly, her playful mood gone. "He is such a yummy man, lying there, unmoving, like a sleeping beauty, waiting for a kiss of his true love to wake up from his slumber." 
"So, why didn't you kiss him?", Dawn asked Zina. "Maybe you are the one to break the spell." 
Zina made a face. She was almost serious, yet Dawn pulled her back into a playful mood. But that's why Zina loved Dawn, she always knew how to cheer her up. It was impossible to be sad with Dawn around, and Zina was always ready to do the same for her friend. 
"I would kiss him if his eyes were not open. It really killed the romance.", Zina said with a grin. 
"The man is in a coma, yet you think about romance." Dawn made a thoughtful expression. "You know, if you went for a kiss, it would be a win, no matter how it ended." 
Zina cocked an eyebrow, "What do you mean?" 
"If he doesn't react, you got a kiss. And if he slaps you, you woke him up.", Dawn said cheekily. 
"Oy!", Zina protested. "What do you mean, SLAP me!? How can a man slap a woman because of a kiss?" 
"He can. When the kiss is forced." 
"Who said anything about forcing? It would be nice and gentle, and I'm sure he would love it. Besides, you will see in the morning when you go to deliver breakfast. He is right in the middle of the bed, not resisting at all. Will you give him that magical kiss? Or will you touch him?" 
Dawn's face fell. "You are making it sound like I am a molester." In the next moment, she grinned. "Or… is he naked? I could touch that." 
At the thought of naked George, Zina's eyes lit up. She turned to Talia and looked at her expectantly. "When are we going to give him a sponge bath?" 
Talia was not sure if she should laugh or cry, but she knew that she shouldn't entertain their wild imagination. Things were getting out of hand quickly. Can she allow Dawn or Zina to go there on their own? George is defenseless! Talia didn't want to think about it. 
"OK, ladies. I am leaving now." 
Damon was waiting for her. The last text he sent was about him working in the study and that she can find him there when she finishes her work. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 368 - A Late Visit From Nora (1)
Chapter 368 – A Late Visit From Nora (1)
In the study… 
Maya and Caden left a while ago, and Damon was reading reports. There was always work to do, and he decided to keep busy until Talia finishes with her visit to the patients, so they can go upstairs together. 
Everyone was planning to head to the Shifters nightclub, and Damon asked Talia if she wanted to go, but she refused. With everything going on, Talia wanted to stay home, and Damon accepted that wholeheartedly. He would never say no to a night of cuddles (and much more) with his kitten. 
Damon told Maya and Caden to go ahead without him and he will join when he finishes work, but Maya and Caden knew that Damon had no intention of joining them. 
As a bonus for staying home, Damon got to wrap up extra work while waiting for Talia to finish with Dawn and Zina. 
'KNOCK-KNOCK!' 
Damon raised his gaze from the monitor to look at the door while wondering why would Talia knock. Maybe she was not sure if Caden and Maya left, or… was she doing some roleplay? 
Damon remembered that Talia mentioned see-through nightwear and Damon's imagination went wild. What if she was wearing a sexy number and a coat to cover it up? Should he act like a boss, and Talia will be a disobedient employee that needs punishing? He will punish her until she moans his name breathlessly right on his executive desk, and then they would move on the sofa. Or should they start from his chair? Ah, the options! 
'KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK!' 
This series of knocks came with more urgency. 
Damon adjusted his hard-on, ruffled his hair, and leaned lazily in the chair to look extra attractive, and then he called, "Come in!" 
The door cracked open, and Damon's expression froze when he saw the person. 
Nora. 
Damon craned his neck to see if there was anyone behind her and he frowned when she closed the door. It was just Nora. 
Somehow, Damon had a bad feeling about this. 
So far, three out of four guests from the Red Moon pack caused him trouble, one way or another. Is this the part where he gets four out of four? This must be some kind of a record! 
But the worst part was that Nora dared to come to the study without being summoned. If that were Tony or Maddox, Damon would assume they have something pack-related to discuss, but what can Nora talk about with Damon? 
Her sickly-seductive smile told him that she didn't come to talk. 
"Alpha Damon…", Nora called in a sultry voice that made his insides churn. "Am I disturbing you?" 
Yes! I am very much disturbed! 
'Kick her out of here!', Damon's wolf growled. 
"Miss Nora, can I help you?", Damon asked stiffly while struggling to contain his wolf. Crippling Nora didn't sound like a wise thing to do. 'Calm down! She will leave. No need for violence.' 
His wolf grumbled but eased up with hostility. 
Nora smiled while making her way toward Damon in slow motion. "I heard that you are working late, and I was wondering if I can help you." 
Damon's senses for danger were tingling but he kept his cool expression on. "You are a guest, Miss Nora. It would be impolite if I asked you to work. You should be having fun with…" He wanted to say Marcy, but he realized how that would take her attention to the topic he should avoid. "…other guests." 
"Oh, I don't mind. I like to be useful. Besides, who said that working won't be fun?" 
Damon remembered that Maya told him how Nora was taken care of. Maya wouldn't lie to Damon, but why was Nora here? "Shouldn't you be in the Shifters nightclub?" 
Nora bobbed her head. "I told Mindy that I will go with Maya, and I told Maya that I will go with Mindy, and here I am, available to help you. Is there something I can do to ease your load? Anything is fine." She paused and gave him a seductive look. "Anything." 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Damon's brows came together in a frown. The fact that she tricked both Maya and Mindy in order to stay in the packhouse, told Damon that Nora won't give up easily. 
"Miss Nora, there is nothing here for you to do. I will get one of my warriors to escort you to the Shifters nightclub so that you don't waste your evening here." 
Nora pouted. "Come on, why are you so cold? Don't pretend that you don't remember." 
Damon's insides tightened as the sense of crisis enveloped him. "Remember, what?" 
"You were visiting the Red Moon pack and I came to your room. I offered you tea, singing a song, a massage, or myself. You picked the last." 
Damon thought that the room was spinning as images of him taking Nora from behind flashed in his mind. 
Damn it! It would be easier if she came to his study with a knife in her hand. 
The only good thing was that Talia was not present to hear Nora's nonsense. Actually, it was not nonsense. It was the only time Damon was with a woman (other than Talia) after he found out that Talia was his mate. 
He was stupid and he didn't understand the bond, and he was lucky that Talia's wolf was deep in slumber because if that beast was awake, Talia would feel the pain of her mate betraying her. 
Yes, Damon didn't acknowledge their mate connection then, and he didn't know Talia's name or feel the addictive sparks that make him feel alive… but none of those changed the fact that he betrayed Talia. He will never forgive himself that ignorant act, and it seems that Nora didn't forget it. 
Guilt was eating Damon from the inside, and he felt the urgency to get Nora out of his sight. 
"That was then, Miss Nora. Please leave before someone sees you here and gets a wrong idea." And that someone would be Talia. 
Nora cocked an eyebrow. "Are you worried about Marcy? She is not here. I waited for everyone to leave for the Shifters nightclub before coming here. Only some Omegas are around, and I'm sure they are not important." She moved closer to his desk and leaned over it. "No one will know." 
Damon felt rage bubbling inside him. He was about to respond, but the words got stuck in his throat when he realized that the door behind Nora was open. He craned his neck to see Talia narrowing her eyes at the scene of Nora leaning over his desk. 
He failed to realize in time how the rage that consumed him was not his. 
Cold sweat drenched Damon's back. Based on Talia's expression, this was not good. How much did she hear? 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 369 - A Late Visit From Nora (2)
Chapter 369 – A Late Visit From Nora (2)
Damon cursed internally. Stupid Nora! How is it possible that she ignored the fact that Damon didn't spare her a glance since she arrived at the Dark Howlers pack? Did she think how he was playing coy? And why did she come to the study and flap her mouth? 
Damon felt like strangling Nora. The mental image of her dying felt oddly satisfying. Didn't James say no one would miss her? 
'Now we are talking!', Damon's wolf exclaimed in his head. 
Damon cursed silently. 'Stop with that nonsense. We need to pacify Talia who is about to explode.' 
'Mate will be pacified when we snap Nora like a twig.', Damon's wolf said excitedly while urging Damon to spill blood. 'If you did that right away, we wouldn't be in this trouble. Tear her limbs off!' 
'You are NOT helping!' 
Damon decided to ignore the voice in his head and focus on what mattered. Talia. 
"Kit…", he swallowed the rest when Talia shot him a glare, and he understood that the soft approach won't work. He needed a different strategy. 
Damon cleared his throat. "Talia, good that you are here. I was just telling Miss Nora how she should go and have fun with other guests." 
Nora eyed Talia condescendingly. Yes, Nora noticed the cozy mood between Damon and Talia during dinner, but Nora saw Talia as an assistant who was warming Damon's bed. Surely, a Beta's daughter has an advantage over some skinny nobody, and also… Damon didn't kick her out, which should mean Nora has a chance, and this was not a chance she was willing to pass on easily. 
"You think that Miss Nora should go?", Talia asked Damon without removing her gaze from Nora. "I would like her to explain why she is here. It must be important when she came to visit you so late in the evening. I must wonder, if you were not here but in the bedroom, would she go to look for you there?" 
Nora rolled her eyes at Talia. "There is no need to talk in riddles. You know very well why I am here." 
Talia felt her insides boiling from anger. "What gave you the courage to come and offer yourself to Alpha Damon?" 
"What makes you think that you can monopolize him?", Nora responded with a question. "A man like him has a big appetite that little you can't satisfy. Why don't you think about what Alpha Damon needs?" 
Talia couldn't believe this. "And you think that he needs you?" 
"Well, I am still here. If he didn't want me, he would tell me to scram." 
Damon swallowed a mouthful of air. Didn't he tell her to leave already? It seems that Nora filtered out those parts. 
Talia's eyes moved to Damon. "Do you want her here?" 
Damon shook his head like a rattle drum, but he was behind Nora, so she didn't see how panicked he became. 
"Why do you make it sound like I need an invitation?", Nora asked Talia with a frown. "I am a guest in this packhouse, and it's not like I sneaked in without permission. I knocked and Alpha Damon said I can come in. Who are you to decide if I should stay or leave?" Nora's lips lifted into a grin. "Alpha Damon and I are not strangers. You see, when he visited the Red…" 
'PAK!' 
Damon karate-chopped Nora at the back of her neck and she fell on the floor like a ragdoll. 
When Talia appeared, Damon was caught by surprise and he needed a moment to find the right approach and minimize his losses. He knew that if Nora continued talking, he will be in a heap of trouble. He needed to shut her up, and he needed to do it fast, and he did… but how can he explain that he just knocked Nora out? 
And here it was, Talia's question full of anger, "Why did you do that?" 
Damon felt beads of sweat forming on his forehead. 
Think, Damon! Think! 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
And just like that, in a moment of crisis, Damon got an idea. 
"Your eyes." 
Talia was confused. "My eyes?" 
Damon nodded earnestly. "Specks of silver were emerging, and I had to take Nora out before she realizes how awesome you are. You saw the situation. Nora was here throwing herself shamelessly at me and trying to sow discord in our relationship. I could deal with all that, and I wanted to send her away amicably in order not to escalate and potentially owe James a favor, but if Nora saw your ability, we would be in trouble. I had to act swiftly." 
Talia's brows came together. Specks of silver in her eyes? Talia was not sure if Damon was telling the truth or if he was trying to swindle her. Yes, she was angry, and she wanted to slap Nora into tomorrow, but she was not out of control, and there was no hot sensation in her stomach. 
After all, everyone knew that Nora was sleeping around and targeting high-ranking members, and Talia was mentally ready that Nora will make her move on Damon. It was just a matter of when. 
However, the biggest giveaway of how something was off were Damon's emotions. He was a nervous wreck, and Talia could feel it. 
"What was she trying to say, Damon? It sounded like you know each other very well. How come you were not friendly with Nora during dinner? Don't tell me that you fucked her also!? Is that why you made sure she can't talk?", Talia squeezed through her teeth. 
Damon's insides were tied into painful knots. Talia said the word 'fuck', which meant she was furious. His kitten never uses such crass words. 
He wanted to deny it, but he knew that would be just one lie on top of another. 
Damon didn't tell Talia about Nora because it would only upset her, and it wouldn't change anything. When they were at the Lightclaw pack, Damon pretended that he didn't know why Nora would come to his room. 
The truth was that Damon barely remembered Nora from the Red Moon pack. Taking Nora from behind was just one of the thousands of similar experiences, and it didn't stand out in any way other than him feeling unsatisfied because he wished that was Talia. If Damon knew that Nora would repeatedly come for seconds, he would chase her away from his room at the Red Moon pack, even without Talia in the picture. 
But this was not about one annoying she-wolf who wouldn't take no for an answer. This was about Talia and his guilt that was clashing with Talia's anger and wreaking havoc in his body. His insides were churning, and he thought that he was about to throw up. 
Damon shoved his hand into his hair. There was no way he would say that he fucked Nora, but he couldn't lie. 
"Do you really want me to answer that?" 
Talia pressed her lips into a line, and Damon was quick to approach her. 
He wanted to hold her hands, but she stepped away to avoid him. "Don't touch me!" 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 370 - A Late Visit From Nora (3)
Chapter 370 – A Late Visit From Nora (3)
Talia knew that Damon was promiscuous, and she told herself many times that the past will be in the past, but Nora was right there, and Talia couldn't stop all kinds of thoughts from surfacing into her mind. 
"I didn't realize that you came to the Red Moon pack to shag both Nora and Marcy. Did you have more women on your list?", Talia spoke angrily. 
Damon cursed under his breath. If he denies sleeping with Marcy, it will confirm that he slept with Nora. Sure, Talia already caught up on that, but he didn't want to say it. And Talia was still talking. 
"Did bumping into me at the Red Moon pack disrupt your plans?" Her eyes moved toward Nora. "It seems it didn't because you were dipping your pecker in whoever was willing even after you found out that you have a mate!" 
Damon knew he deserved it, but he didn't want to allow this to escalate more than it did already. 
"Kitten, listen… you know I was a scoundrel, and I did all kinds of despicable things. However, since I realized what the mate bond is and what we have, I am a changed man." This was the truth. "Don't judge me based on my initial ignorance. Yes, I needed some time to understand what's important, but since you came here I didn't touch any other woman. Please, don't let my past spoil what we have." 
Talia's chest was hurting, and she could barely breathe. She felt his remorse and she knew he meant it, but still… "It's easy for you to say. What if that was my past? What if men who bedded me were popping up every few days? How would you deal with it?" 
The thought of Talia's non-existent exes was making Damon's temper rise as smoldering jealousy that can only be calmed by spilling blood, but he was aware that he had no right to be upset, so he swallowed all those emotions. 
Talia knew everything already and he didn't know how to fix it, so he kept quiet. 
If she was shouting at him or hitting him, things would be better, but she looked at him with hurt and disappointment, and that was killing him on the inside. 
Seeing that Damon was not saying anything, Talia turned on her heel and moved to leave the study. 
"Where are you going?", Damon asked with urgency, and Talia's steps halted. 
When she entered the study, Talia felt fury swelling inside her and she thought that she will rip Nora into pieces, but the truth was that Talia was tired of fighting with the ghosts of Damon's past. 
Talia's wolf was still sleeping while her powers were emerging, Axel wanted to take her away, more and more people were talking about her as a future Luna, Marcy's and George's situation was threatening to bring many problems, and Talia was not sure how much more she can handle without crumbling. 
Her biggest pillar of support was tainted with women who experienced his intimate embrace and that was like a knife lodged into Talia's heart, and every time one of those women emerged, Talia felt like someone twisted the knife, causing her soul to cry in agony. 
She wanted to drown in the comfort that came with Damon's proximity, but how can he comfort her when he was the source of her pain? 
Talia felt the need to curl into a corner and hide her presence until things get better, or at least until she learns to blur out the mental image of Damon and Nora. 
"I'm tired, Damon. I want to rest." 
So many things happened, and Talia was looking forward to snuggling with Damon, but instead of belonging his embrace could provide, Talia ended up seeing Nora trying to get her hands on Damon, and she found out that Damon slept not only with socialites, models, princesses, and other women of high society that were trying to be his Luna, but he slept with certified sluts also. How could she be OK with that? 
"Kitten…", he called. "Can I say one thing?" 
Talia stood motionlessly, silently giving him permission to talk. 
"Do you remember when we met in the kitchen of the Red Moon pack?" 
Talia nodded. How could she forget? Damon spoke to her, and he examined her bruises under the refrigerator light, and he looked genuinely concerned about her. 
Damon continued, "That was the first time I touched you. That was the first time I felt the sparks and knew that the mate bond was real. After that, I didn't touch any other woman. That's the truth." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. She knew he was telling the truth, but did this change things? 
Seeing that Talia had no intention to respond, Damon asked, "What do you want me to do with Nora?" 
"She is your mess. I don't want to think about her or you. I need time to calm down." And she continued moving toward the door. 
The moment Talia's form disappeared from his field of vision, Damon felt rage and anguish swelling within him and he didn't know if those were his or Talia's. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Damon looked at Nora and he wanted to punch her until she turns into a meat paste. He never hated a person so much. 
He hated his past self that was ignorant and stubborn, and he hated the most that he couldn't take it back. 
Damon wanted to rush after Talia and fix things, but the reality was that he didn't know what to say. The truth would only make things worse and lying was not an option either because she already knew everything and… he didn't want to lie to her. 
Damon moved swiftly behind his desk and opened the security video feed on his computer. His heart calmed a little when he saw Talia entering their room. At least she didn't leave, and that should be a good sign. 
He could feel that Talia's anger was morphing into sadness and if he knew how to make it better, he would do it without a second thought. 
A minute later, two soldiers were in the study, awaiting orders. 
Damon looked at Nora and thought about his options. If he removes the personal hatred he feels due to his predicament, Nora's crime was being a slut, and he didn't know how to punish her for that. Technically, he should warn her to stay away, but he had a feeling that won't work, so he thought of something safer. 
"Take her into the dungeon.", Damon said. 
He will think about what to do with her later. 
The warriors dragged Nora out, and Damon groaned in frustration. He will need to ask James to come up with a coverup story for Nora's absence and he hated the idea of owing another favor to the teenager. 
Damned Nora! If she didn't come, he would be enjoying his time with Talia. Talia said that she will wear sexy nightwear, and he imagined ripping it off and feasting on Talia's delicious body… but after this fiasco, Damon will be lucky if Talia doesn't chase him to sleep on the sofa with damned plush toys! 
And this time, jumping into a waterfall won't save his sorry ass. He needed something drastic… something that will show Talia how she is special and how he will do anything to make her happy. 
Talia's sadness was killing him, and he needed to fix it. Somehow. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 371 - The Crossdressing Alpha (1)
Chapter 371 – The Crossdressing Alpha (1)
Talia discarded her clothes and went to bed. 
She didn't feel like doing anything, including washing up and putting nightwear on, so she huddled under the cover with only panties on. Normally, even the panties would be gone, but this time she didn't feel like getting completely naked. Why would she? Damon was not there and even if he was, she wouldn't get intimate with him. 
Talia hoped that sleep will be dreamless and bring some form of relief and that in the morning she will be able to forget all the nasty images that came into her mind. 
But Damon's presence was everywhere, not allowing her to relax because it stirred within her unpleasant memories, and for the first time since meeting Damon, Talia didn't want his intoxicating scent of the forest and the dark chocolate. 
From the stories she heard, the Moon Goddess gives everyone what they need, and Talia wondered, is this what she needed? Yes, she knew that she was not Damon's first, but did she need to be constantly reminded that he embraced thousands of women before her? Were her struggles in the Red Moon pack not enough? 
A lone tear slid down Talia's cheek and she buried her face into the pillow, refusing to cry. She will not cry. Not now, and not because of things she can't change. Her options were to accept the reality or to give up on Damon and reject the bond that was pulling them together but… how can she reject him? 
Talia remembered that two days after they met for the first time, Damon took her away from the Red Moon pack, and Talia knew that from that day onward he wasn't sleeping around. 
Should she hold it against him those initial days of him not knowing what to do with the bond? And if she thinks about their encounter in the kitchen of the Red Moon pack, then that makes it… one day? He needed one day to accept that he has a mate and to focus on her. 
From the day they met, Talia thought of Damon as handsome, yet for weeks after that she was still thinking about exit strategies, leaving the packhouse, leaving the Dark Howlers pack, leaving him… isn't that similar? The only difference was that she was not aware of the bond, but the attraction was there, and she was still thinking about running away. 
Somehow, Talia remembered the scene when Damon came to the attic where she used to live. He licked her hand and grimaced with a question if that was poisonous. And then he sneaked her into the trunk of a car, and held her in the back seat so that she can sleep while leaning against him, and she woke up in a hotel room in his embrace. And Damon tended to her wounds, fed her, took her to a doctor and to the amusement park, and they shared cotton candy, and he was caring in an awkward kind of way that could easily be misunderstood for being bossy, but the truth was that he never did anything against her will and she really appreciated that. 
Damon knew they were mates, and the urge to mark her was probably driving him crazy, yet he approached her slowly, and the only thing he asked for was that she doesn't leave him. 
Talia remembered giving Damon the garland made of flowers, the same one that's dried in the room across the hallway, and that evening he kissed her. Sure, they did many other things after that, but that kiss was something Talia will never forget. 
In these few weeks she was with Damon, Talia experienced stress and uncertainty, and she even faced dangers, but on top of it all… she was never happier in her life. Damon made her happy. 
No matter how much she hated herself, she couldn't hate Damon. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
'KHM…' 
The sound of Damon clearing his throat pulled Talia out of her thoughts and she pressed her eyes shut tightly. Sure, her emotions stabilized, and she loved him with every fiber of her being, but she was not ready to forgive him Nora. 
'KHM… KHM…' 
Talia forced her limbs not to move. She was determined to pretend to sleep, which was ridiculous because if Damon could feel her emotions, he knew she was awake, but if she didn't acknowledge his presence, he would go away… Or at least leave her alone. 
"You promised to wear this tonight…", Damon's deep voice sounded in the room and Talia's curiosity was piqued, but she still didn't move. He continued, "Since you are not wearing it, I thought that I should give it a try." 
That did it. 
Talia moved a bit and cracked her eye open. A second later, both of her eyes were wide open as she stared at Damon who was standing next to the bed in red briefs (that were his) and red lacy see-through babydoll that should reach below his firm ass, but because of his stature, the poor fabric stretched over his pecs and reached his waist. Talia had no idea how come he managed to squeeze in there without ripping the delicate garment. 
That was a sexy outfit Talia bought with Maya, but instead of sexy, Damon looked comical. 
Talia coughed to conceal the fit of laughter that was bubbling inside her, and she reminded herself that she was angry at him and she should not give in only because of how his eyebrow arched sexily. 
"If I knew you are into crossdressing, I would get a bigger size. Maybe I can get us matching outfits next time?" 
Damon's lips stretched into a smile. Talia said 'matching outfits' which meant that she already forgave him, at least a little bit. And he could feel that her sadness was dissipating and was being replaced by different emotions such as care, remorse, joy, and longing. 
He wondered if him dressing ridiculously will work, and now he confirmed that it will. Talia's mood improved, but he still needed to work for it. 
Damon put his hands on his hips and rotated slowly so that she can see him from every angle. 
"What do you think? Is red my color?", he asked and stuck his ass out to strike a pose. 
Every color is your color, silly. In Talia's eyes, Damon was the most handsome man on the planet. How can there be a color that didn't suit him? "It's OK." 
Damon pouted. "Just OK? Maybe I should go with pink next time. Or baby blue?" 
"Pft!", Talia buried her face into the pillow to suppress her laughter. How can she laugh when she was angry? But how can she not laugh when Damon was so silly? And she knew that he was doing it for her. 
"Kitten…" His voice came from her right. 
Talia peeked to see him kneeling on the side of the bed. She wanted to tell him how an Alpha shouldn't kneel, and that reminded her of his words how she is the only one who can get him down on his knees. No matter what they did, Damon always treated her in a special way. 
"I love to see you laughing. Don't hide it. I will do anything to make you happy." 
"Anything?", Talia asked, and Damon nodded earnestly. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 372 - The Crossdressing Alpha (2)
Chapter 372 – The Crossdressing Alpha (2)
"Dance for me.", Talia demanded, and Damon's eyebrows shot up, but his smirk told her that he was ready for this. 
"In this outfit, I probably need a dancing pole.", Damon said. 
Talia was not sure what a dancing pole was, but… "I'm sure you can manage. Do your best, my Alpha." 
The last shreds of Damon's uncertainty dissipated when Talia called him hers and he knew that she forgave him, but she wanted a show, and he was ready to give her one. He said that he will do anything to make her happy and he was eager to prove it. 
"Watch carefully, kitten… your man will dance for you.", Damon said while pushing himself away from the bed. 
He went to the side table and got the remote. After two seconds of silence, drums sounded from the built-in speakers in the ceiling, and Damon started swaying his hips at the slow sultry song that filled the space. 
It was the song "Leave the door open" by Bruno Mars. 
"What you doing? Where you at?…" 
Talia didn't recognize the lyrics, but Damon was singing. 
"I'm sipping wine, in a robe… I look too good, to be alone…" 
Talia agreed with this one. He was not wearing a robe, but he looked too good even in that ridiculous babydoll that was a few sizes too small for him. 
It was a song from a man to a woman, telling her that he was waiting for her to come, and Talia thought how this was quite appropriate for their current situation. How long was Damon planning for this? 
Damon spun swiftly three times and then his arms went high up above his head. After a moment of stillness, his torso swayed in wavy motions, and his hips rocked outrageously, making Talia's cheeks heat just by looking at him, but she couldn't look away. 
"You're so sweet, so tight, I won't bite, unless you like…" 
Damon winked at this last part and Talia stifled a giggle. 
The prideful Alpha was wearing female nightwear and dancing, only to ease her hostility, and… it was working. 
"Don't keep me waiting, there's so much love we could be making…" 
Everything about the song and Damon's performance was melting Talia's resistance and she forgot why she was angry in the first place. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
As the song progressed, Damon was inching closer to the bed, and he extended his hand to Talia while singing, "I'm here just waiting for you. Come on over, I'll adore you…" 
Talia had no idea at what point she placed her hand into his. 
Damon yanked her out of the bed, and she landed into his embrace. The two of them danced to, "you want me like I want you". 
Talia relished the feeling of Damon's body pressing on hers and the whole experience was enhanced by the sparks of their bond as they moved in unison. 
Talia was only in her panties, and he didn't wear much more either, but there was one problem. 
"Can you remove this thing? It looks ridiculous.", Talia said while hooking her index finger at the hem of the babydoll. She will never figure out how he managed to squeeze in there without ripping it. 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "You want it gone. Undress me." 
Talia took this as a challenge. She gripped the fabric with both hands and with a light tug, it came apart where her nails dug into it, transforming a sexy babydoll into tatters. 
Damon smirked. "Are you so impatient to have me and you can't spare a second to undress me properly?" 
Talia looked up to him and her brows came together as the song ended and she remembered how they found themselves in the current situation. 
"Is Nora the last one?" 
Damon's playful face fell. "Yes." 
"If any other of your exes appear, I don't want to see them close to you." 
"Consider it done." 
Talia's frown eased, but her expression was stern. "I mean it, Damon. Keep them away and don't expect me to clean your mess. You are mine and I have no intention of sharing you. If another woman gets so close with an intention to seduce you, I won't be so forgiving." 
Damon's heart soared. First, this meant Talia forgave him, and second… she was claiming him as hers. 
Damon cupped Talia's cheeks with his palms. "I will never accept any other woman. I am yours, and always will be. Tomorrow I will announce to the people at the party that you are my mate, and after that, everyone will know that if a woman thinks about getting close to me, she will mess with a mated Alpha." 
Talia's eyes widened. "When you put it that way, it makes me think that those women will start targeting me so that you lose your mate." 
"Only an idiot would think about going after Luna, but no matter what, I will do everything in my power to keep you safe, kitten. My wolf will do the same." 
Talia couldn't speak for her wolf, and she wondered if she needs to wait for the beast to awaken before they could confirm if conditions were met for Damon to mark her. Talia had a feeling that once Damon marks her, their bond will be strengthened and no one will be able to stand between them, but until then… "And I will keep you safe, Damon." 
At the same time, Damon leaned lower, and Talia got on her toes, and they sealed their vows with a kiss that reminded them that they were nearly naked. 
Talia tugged on his underwear with impatience, and Damon smiled into the kiss. 
He reached for her behind and scooped her up and Talia's legs wrapped around his waist. 
Talia gasped when his erection pressed at the cradle of her thighs, and her whole body shook when Damon kissed the base of her neck, the place where his mark will come. Under Damon's touch, Talia's whole body was sensitive, but that spot on her neck was extra sensitive. 
Without breaking the kiss, Damon walked to the bed with Talia in his arms and he lowered her gently with him hovering on top of her. His hands moved to her hips and his fingers gripped her panties. 
Talia thought that he will rip them, but he didn't. 
Damon slowly removed the garment down her legs, and he inched away to observe her naked perfection. 
Damon's hands landed on Talia's thighs and moved lower. He stopped at her knees and then pulled her lower until her buttocks were at the edge of the bed. 
Talia was not sure what he was doing. He just brought her to bed, and now he was pulling her to fall off? 
When the movement stopped, Talia looked down and her eyes widened at the sight of Damon who was kneeling between her legs. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 373 - Damon’s Favorite Pose
Chapter 373 – Damon’s Favorite Pose
This was the second time in the same evening that Damon was kneeling in front of her, but this time was much more intimate. 
Damon's lips lifted into a lopsided smirk as his hands moved at the back of her knees as he pushed her legs to open wider while lifting them. 
Talia was flustered. She was lying on the bed, with her butt sticking off the edge, and her legs were sprawled open and raised for him to open up so he can see her completely. It was scandalous and she felt the urge to scoot away and close her legs, but Damon held her in place, and he had no intention of letting her wiggle out of this. 
"Look at you, kitten…", Damon said in a sexy low voice. "You are beautiful." 
Talia looked at Damon to see his face hovering an inch above her intimate bush and he took a deep breath and smiled in satisfaction like he just inhaled the best thing ever. 
"You smell amazing, and you taste even better." 
"Ah…", Talia cried when his tongue flicked her clit, and then he buried his face into her flesh and started kissing, licking, and sucking. 
Talia's mind was a mess. 
His tongue moved in mighty strokes, each sending cataclysmic sensations through her body, and she gripped the bedsheets to steady herself because the whole room was spinning. 
Talia looked down to see Damon's head between her legs that were open as far as they go, and she couldn't believe that he was licking and sucking with gusto like he was enjoying the biggest delicacy. 
"Ah…", a shaky moan escaped her lips and she plopped back onto the mattress while fighting with the madness that threatened to consume her. 
"Mmm…", Damon hummed in satisfaction while worshiping her with his tongue. The mate bond allowed him to feel her emotions and it acted like a super-cheat to give her exactly what she needed to plunge into rapture. 
"Call my name, kitten…", Damon spoke into her flesh. 
"Da… ah… Dam…", she struggled to speak while gasping for air, and he loved it. 
"Try harder", Damon demanded. 
"Dam… Da… DAMN!", Talia ended with a curse and Damon chuckled, but his tongue didn't stop working. 
Just a bit more… a bit more… and there it was. Talia inhaled choppily and her body tensed for a moment before she dissolved into a cry to the heavens, "DAMON!" 
Damon greedily lapped the love nectar her body released. It was sweet and citrusy, and it was his favorite flavor in the world. 
Talia's whole world was spinning, and she vaguely saw Damon removing his underwear and kicking it to the side, and then his majestic body arched above hers. 
"How do you want me, kitten?", Damon asked in a strained voice. 
Talia bit her lower lip to get herself present and she remembered what she heard was his favorite pose. From the back. Was it true? It didn't matter… Damon already told her that the only thing it matters was with whom he was doing it, and how was not important, but she really wanted to try it out. 
Talia wiggled from below him and turned on her stomach before pushing herself backward with her hands. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Damon stared at her ass that was up in the air, with her glistening pussy right under it, silently calling him to come closer. 
Damon's palms landed on Talia's perfect ass-cheeks, and he gave them a squeeze. 
"Is this how you want me?" 
"Yes.", she confirmed. "Is this OK? Or should I get lower?" 
"No need to do anything, kitten… just relax and enjoy the ride with your mate." 
Talia held her breath in anticipation of what was coming. 
Damon gripped her hips and moved her a bit to get all the way to the edge of the bed while he was standing behind her, and then she felt the pressure and the stretch that came with otherworldly sparks, and her eyes rolled at the back of her head. 
This was a completely new angle and her whole body hummed as Damon made his way inside her. 
"Oh, God!", Talia exclaimed when he was all the way in. 
Damon smirked because he could feel that she was fine. More than fine. She loved it. 
"Ahhh…", it was Damon's turn to release a shaky breath when he started rocking in and out of her. 
He always loved taking a woman from behind, but with Talia, he missed seeing her lustful expression, but even with that caveat… this was unbelievable. Everything with Talia was so much better than anything else he experienced so far. 
He gripped her hips and increased the pace. Every thrust wrapped his cock in addictive sparks that sent jolts of pleasure straight into his brain and he saw fireworks exploding in front of his closed eyes. 
Talia was on her elbows and knees, and she looked down to see Damon's legs between hers, and she could also see his balls as he moved. Talia reached with her hand there and cupped his jewels. 
"Fuck!", Damon cursed under his breath when she gave him a squeeze. His kitten was doing magnificent things to his mind and his body, and he loved every minute of it. 
How can he allow her to stimulate him so much, without him returning the favor? 
Damon's arm snaked around Talia's waist, and the tips of his fingers reached her clit that was right there, exposed and waiting to be touched. 
"AHH!", a lewd sound ripped from Talia's throat when Damon started applying pressure on her clit in the movement of his hips. 
Their emotions clashed and amplified each other, and Talia's moan mixed with Damon's groan as he released his hot load inside her pussy that was throbbing in the aftershocks of Talia's orgasm. 
Talia plopped on the side, and Damon laid next to her. 
After a few ragged breaths, Damon moved to cradle Talia in his arms. 
Her body was limp and she was too lazy to move, so she let him do whatever he wanted. 
Damon peppered kisses over her forehead, temples, and cheeks, and Talia closed her eyes and enjoyed every press of his lips against her skin. 
"This, kitten…", he said breathily. "This is something only mates can experience. No other woman can make me feel this way, and no woman can tempt me to jeopardize what we have. Do you believe me?" 
Talia nodded. She believed him. 
Damon smiled and he moved to kiss her lips, and then he pushed her on the back completely as he climbed on top of her. 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath as he made his way inside her. 
"Every part of you is perfect…", Damon murmured close to her ear while slowly sliding in and out of her. "You are made for me. Only me…" 
Talia embraced him with her arms and legs and her soul hummed in pleasure as their bodies merged into one over and over again. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 374 - How Many Women Are In The Dungeon?
Chapter 374 – How Many Women Are In The Dungeon?
Several orgasms later… 
Talia laid in Damon's arms and they both relaxed while cuddling. 
Neither of them wanted to sleep because they relished this peace that descended on them, and if they were awake, there was a chance for more sex. 
"Damon?" 
"Hmm?" 
"Didn't I tell you that I need space and I don't want to see you? Why did you dress up in my nightwear and approach me? You probably felt how angry I was.", Talia said. Sure, she couldn't make herself hate him, and all those wonderful orgasms got her into a blissful state, but she still had questions. 
Damon tightened his hold on Talia. "It's exactly because I could feel your emotions that I had to come here. Good or bad, I want to be by your side, kitten. If you are happy, I want to bask in your happiness. If you are angry, I want to be angry with you. And if you are angry at me…then, feel free to vent. Shout, punch, bite, do your worst. I will take it. The only thing I can't handle is when we are not together. I asked you this more than once, don't leave me." 
Talia was moved by his words, and she had to point out, "I was not leaving you. I just wanted space to sort out my thoughts." 
"If you want to sort anything, do it with me around.", Damon grumbled. He let out a long breath. "I hope you know that I didn't kick Nora out immediately only because I was hoping to send her away without causing issues. At least that's what I was thinking before she reached my desk, and that's the moment you got there." 
Talia knew this but she didn't like seeing Nora get so close to Damon. There was a desk between them, and even if there were ten of those, Talia would still not be happy. 
Talia was irked by Nora's confident and snobby attitude. It reminded her of Lisa. Would they act like that if they knew that Talia was Damon's mate? Probably not. 
But there was a good side to this situation. If everyone knew that Talia was Damon's mate, they would suck up to her and probably backstab her when no one was looking. Like this, Talia got to see the ugly side of people, the side they would never reveal in front of a Luna. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"What did you do to Nora?", Talia asked. 
"Dungeon." 
Talia lifted her head to look at him. "How big is the dungeon?" 
Damon's brows came together. "Why?" 
"It seems you are sending your exes there so, we should make sure we can accommodate all of them." 
Damon didn't think it was funny. "Don't call them my exes. It sounds like I was dating them. And it's not like there are many of them." 
"Five." 
Damon didn't get it. "What?" 
"So far, you sent five of your exes into the dungeon. Actually, Lisa is not your ex, so that makes it four, but she is still there, so I counted her in." 
"Who are the other four?" 
"Ashley and Heather.", Talia said. Seeing Damon's confused expression, Talia reminded him, "Two women who confronted me in front of the library. They were in the study, smearing me as someone who was claiming you shamelessly, and the two of them ended in the dungeon." 
"Oh…", Damon made a sound of understanding. He forgot about those two. 
"And then there is Jill. The woman I encountered in the restroom of the Shifters nightclub." 
Damon remembered the incident and that he sent a woman to the dungeon, but he didn't see her face, so he was not sure which one is it. However, he sent her to the dungeon secretly. "How do you know about her?" 
"Maya told me.", Talia said smugly. "With Nora and Lisa, that makes it five. I don't know about Lisa, but how long will the other four be there?" 
"You should count Lisa in that group also." 
Talia was alerted. "Did you sleep with Lisa?" 
Damon tapped Talia's nose with the tip of his finger. "Those five are not my exes. They are women who dared to look down on you. They will come out when you decide." 
"Oh…", it was Talia's turn to make a sound of understanding. She thought of them as Damon's exes and Lisa, and now that he put it that way, it made sense that he imprisoned women who crossed her, but… "Is looking down on me enough to earn them time in the dungeon?" 
"Looking down on a woman? No.", Damon responded. "Looking down on my mate, yes. My mate will be the Luna of this pack. Disrespect to you is also disrespecting me, and the pack, and the Moon Goddess. It doesn't get worse than that." 
"But they didn't know I am your mate." 
Damon shrugged. "That doesn't matter. They all knew that you are the woman by my side. If they question the type of our relationship, that's disrespect to me, and that's…" 
"Disrespect to the pack.", Talia finished instead of him. 
Damon chuckled. "Exactly. Don't feel sorry for them, kitten. I am not an Alpha because I allow my pack members to walk over me. Thanks to me they have their current lives and freedom, that alone should be enough to require their respect. If they won't give it, they are free to leave, but I won't tolerate anyone living on my territory and enjoying benefits while looking down on me." 
Talia stared at Damon while processing his words. With her, Damon was kind and gentle and playful and goofy, and it was easy to forget who he was… the Alpha of the largest pack in North America. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line as she realized an important point. "I am sorry for leaving the study in anger. I was consumed by my emotions and insecurities, and I forgot to look at the situation for what it was. Nora came to your office and acted out of line, yet instead of kicking her out, I was only thinking how you slept with her." 
Damon felt guilt eating him up. He was not a saint, far from it, but Talia was innocent in all this, yet she was acting like a grownup. 
"Don't be hard on yourself, kitten." 
"But I must.", Talia said. "I am not a girl from the attic anymore. I am the mate of the most powerful and handsome Alpha, and I will be his Luna, and I need to act like it. I know that you are mine and that you won't betray me, but I still walked out like an insecure girl throwing a tantrum." 
Damon's chest swelled with pride. That's his mate! And another thing also swelled, in his crotch area. 
Damon moved to push Talia with his body to lay on her back with him on top of her. 
"I thought we were talking.", Talia said when she realized what he was up to. 
Damon chuckled. "Didn't you say how you want to act like a Luna? The night is still young, and you need to take care of your Alpha." 
Talia wanted to say something cheeky, but she realized that Damon was right. It was night, and she wanted to focus on him and not some random things. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 375 - Madness Of The Mate Bond (1)
Chapter 375 – Madness Of The Mate Bond (1)
Maddox cradled sleeping Tatiana in his arms as the first rays of sun hit the sky. 
This never happened before. He was too excited to sleep and the adrenaline made him feel like he can go on without rest forever. 
Tatiana's front was leaning on Maddox's left side and her shoulder perfectly fit under his armpit, like it was made to be there. 
Her arm was draped over his muscular torso, ending at his waist, and his eyes followed that majestic sight all down to her perfectly manicured nails that were touching the bedsheet on his right. 
Tatiana's warm strawberry-infused breath tickled Maddox's pecs every time she exhaled, and that on and off sensation was like a reminder that his other half was right there, he found her, it happened… and it was still happening. 
It was so silent that he could hear Tatiana's heartbeats, and Maddox never felt so peaceful in his life. It was surreal. 
He was not sure how long they were in Tanya's room, but he knew it was more than a day because daylight and darkness switched outside. Was it possible that they didn't come out of the room for two days? Or was it more? No matter how long they were there, it was not long enough. It will never be enough. 
The two of them were mostly entangled with each other and they tried so many poses, and Maddox was hard just by thinking about how many more were left to try! They might invent some new ones. 
He really wanted to continue exploring other angles he could use to make his Goddess cry his name breathlessly, but at the same time, he didn't want to disturb her sleep. After all they've done, she deserved some rest. 
Maddox closed his eyes and he saw mental images of Tatiana's lustful gaze directed at him, challenging him to tame her, to claim her as his… and he did. 
Sinking his fangs into Tatiana Wilkow and marking her as his was the biggest achievement of Maddox's life. EVER! 
Yes, he is the Alpha of the Blue River pack, and Tatiana is his mate, which means she is the Luna of the Blue River pack, and there were many things they should talk about, but Maddox didn't want to think about anything beyond this room and the two of them. 
Between sessions of intense sex, the two of them ate, cuddled, and slept a bit, but they didn't talk much. Maddox barely knew anything about Tatiana Wilkow, but somehow he knew that she was made for him and that no other woman will ever compare. 
Tanya's naked body pressed on his, her soft curves perfectly filled the gaps that his hard muscles formed, and the sparks of their bond which danced wherever they touched told Maddox that all this was real. 
It felt like they came into Tanya's room only moments ago, yet he couldn't remember how his life was before he met his Goddess. 
Maddox now understood Damon's and Caden's words, how when one meets his mate, he gets hornier, but only for that one person. And Maddox's that one person was Tatiana Wilkow. 
Everything about her was perfect. Her body, her voice, her expressions, the way she rode him wildly, and the way she submitted to his ministrations. It was all fucking perfect, it was all his, and he couldn't wait to do it again! 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Maddox's eyes shone and a wave of excitement washed over him when Tatiana stirred. 
"Not now, Max…", she mumbled. "I need more sleep." 
Maddox chuckled and gave her ass a squeeze. "Sleep, Tanya." 
Tatiana groaned. "How can I sleep when you do that? And how can I sleep when you are horny? I can feel your emotions. And they make me horny also." 
Maddox grinned. He loved the last part. This mate bond thing was wonderful! 
Tatiana squirmed a bit and Maddox swallowed hard. Can he really allow her to go back to sleep? 
He got an idea. 
Maddox pushed her to lay on her back and when Tatiana frowned, he pulled the cover up to her chest level. 
Tatiana was confused. Based on his emotions, she was sure that he wanted to go at it, but why was he covering her up? 
Did her lusty Alpha learn some restraint? After only two days? She was not sure if she should be happy or disappointed by it. 
"What are you doing?", she asked. 
"Sleep, baby. Let your man take care of you.", Maddox murmured and kissed her forehead, then her nose, then he pecked her lips, her chin, every kiss was gentle as the touch of butterfly wings, and it was all infused with the delicious scent of coffee that Talia missed when he moved lower to kiss her collarbones. 
Tatiana glanced at the time to see that it was barely past 5 AM. Considering how much sex they had, she should sleep like a log, and even though she felt a bit drowsy, she was energetic. Was this because of Maddox's mark? 
"Ah…", a shaky sigh escaped her lips when he kissed her breasts and the electrifying sparks shot from her nipples down to her core in the rhythm his lips set while dancing over her flesh. How the hell was she supposed to sleep like this? 
But with every next kiss, her drowsiness dissipated, and by the time Maddox planted kisses in the area of her navel, her eyes were shining with lustful glint. 
She could sense his emotions and she knew that his arousal swelled when he inhaled the scent of goodness that pooled at her core. 
Tatiana never knew that so much pleasure can be packed into one man. Maddox had an impressive body, and his cock was extraordinary in more than just size and shape. His scent and flavors of coffee were addictive, and it was all amplified by the delightful sparks of their bond. 
Maddox's stamina left Tatiana in awe, and before Maddox, Tatiana was not aware that she could go for so long without collapsing. 
He brought joy to all of her senses, but the most striking was their bond through which she could clearly feel his emotions. Without any word spoken, Tatiana knew that Maddox approved of her in every way possible, and he wanted her more than anything, which allowed her to relax and enjoy all the wonderful sex he was giving her. 
Maddox wanted to be sneaky and kiss her under the cover, to drive her crazy until she can't stand it and she begs him for a release instead of that boring sleeping she wanted to do. However, Tatiana kicked the cover away, exposing their bodies to the morning sunlight completely and her scorching gaze directed his way told him she was wide awake. 
"Good morning, my dear…", Maddox murmured, and Tatiana was not sure if that was for her or her pussy because he was right there, his face hovered an inch above her neatly trimmed intimate curls. Tatiana went with the latter. 
"She was missing you.", Tatiana said cheekily. 
Maddox's lips stretched into a grin. "I was missing her also. I was missing you a lot…" And then he buried his face between her legs and Tatiana's head plopped backward into the pillows. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 376 - Madness Of The Mate Bond (2) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 376 – Madness Of The Mate Bond (2) [Bonus Chapter]
Author's note: 
Here is a shoutout to KalisteKitten! 
Thank you, KalisteKitten, for the Magic Castle gifted on February 23, 2022! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
– – – 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel…  
– – – 
"Yes… yes…", Tatiana chanted wantonly while fisting Maddox's hair, and her legs spread as far as they go to give him better access. 
He was licking and sucking expertly, right where she wanted, but she also wanted more because it was never enough. 
Maddox growled while gripping her hips from under her thighs, and he lapped at her like a parched man. Each stroke of his tongue brought him another dose of delicious strawberries and he knew that his addiction for Tatiana reached the point of no return, but he didn't care. He was ready to drown in Tatiana's flavors. 
Under Maddox's ministrations, Tatiana's body coiled and arched, as it had a will on its own, and she moaned without restraint. 
"God… Yes! Yes… YES! Don't stop!" If he stopped now, she would commit murder. 
Tatiana's words stirred Maddox to suck harder and he inserted two fingers into her, thrusting in and out of her for added stimulation. 
"Fuck, Max!", Tatiana cursed just before an orgasm crashed on her and she saw stars spinning in front of her closed eyes. There was Orion's belt, and Ursa Major, Cassiopeia… was that the Milky Way? 
Her whole body was pulsating in the rhythm of her wild heartbeats, and she wanted a breather, but Maddox continued devouring her pussy, like he didn't notice that she reached her peak. Every move of his tongue delivered another charge of addictive sparks, pushing her higher up, not letting her go back to Earth. 
Maddox hummed in satisfaction as her body released juices that tasted like strawberries and honey. It was his reward for good performance, and he had no intention of letting it go to waste. Every drop was precious. Every drop was his. 
"Mine… Mine…", he mumbled, and she felt his lips moving against her flesh. 
Tatiana gasped when she realized that she was approaching another level of ecstasy she didn't reach before. 
"Max… oh… you…", she cried unintelligibly while struggling to breathe. 
Should she tell him to stop before she passes out? At this rate, she feared that she might fall into madness from overstimulation. 
Tatiana was never so conflicted. How can she choose between her sanity and another earth-shaking orgasm? 
Tatiana fisted his hair and she hoped that he won't stop. Ever. 
Maddox was lost in his daze, but he could feel Tatiana's emotions that told him she wanted him to continue. He had no problems with that. 
Maddox was determined to tame the Goddess below him with many mind-blowing orgasms. He wanted her to think about him, and him only, every moment of every day, until the end of time. She was his! 
His lips latched around her clit, and he sucked harshly while his tongue did its magic. Maddox's fingers curled inside her, and the tips of his fingers caressed her G-spot. 
"FUUU…! MAX!", Tatiana screamed as her body fell apart into atoms, and she was completely lost in rapture. 
All of her nerve endings fired up, and it was so stimulating that she felt weightless. Did her soul leave her body? Is there such a thing as dying from too many orgasms? 
– – – 
— This work is published on the WebNovel platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Tatiana's emotions surged into Maddox, and he moved with haste. He got on his knees with Tatiana's legs in his hands, keeping them together and pointing up, exposing Tatiana's thighs and her perfect ass. 
Maddox would enjoy the view if he was not aroused beyond belief. His throbbing cock reminded him that he didn't get his release. 
Tatiana felt the pressure and the stretch, and her body arched upward as Maddox started thrusting inside her with urgency. No matter how many times they had sex, he stretched her in ways like it was the first time. Ecstatic friction mixed with a hint of pain, and she loved it. 
Through her lusty haze, Tatiana could see Maddox's broad shoulders framing her legs, and his hand holding her ankles, lifting her buttocks up from the mattress. She loved how strong he was, but… where did his other hand go? 
'SLAP!' 
"Ahh!", Tatiana moaned when Maddox slapped her ass and her eyes flashed in outrage. How dares he spank her? But the stinging pain morphed into pleasure and delivered another type of stimulation. 
'SLAP!' 
This time, his hand lingered on her ass, and he gave her a squeeze before he caressed the throbbing area. She was sure that his fingers left the mark right there, but it was delicious, and she loved it. 
"Again, Max… Harder…", Tatiana demanded, and Maddox grinned. 
Instead of spanking her, Maddox spread her legs apart and his body arched above hers. 
Movements of his hips became torturously slow, and Tatiana raked his back with her nails in frustration. 
"Fuck me, Max. Why did you slow down?", Tatiana asked. 
Her angry voice laced with lust was music to Maddox's ears. 
Maddox loved the feisty side of his mate and the fact that such a fantastic woman was his, made him elated beyond belief. He hoped that she won't lose her spunk because he loved conquering her over and over again. 
Maddox's eyes flashed with delight at the sight of the red-ish mark that was forming on Tatiana's neck. His mark. 
Maddox leaned lower and kissed his mark and Tatiana's whole body shuddered. 
Maddox heard stories about how the mark is super-sensitive and when mate touches it, it's like another erogenous zone. But the main point was that it acts like that only for mates. For non-mates, it's a repellent because mate won't stand anyone else touching her here. 
Tatiana's mind was a mess. Why did he slow down the assault on her insides? 
Tatiana knew that Maddox was playing a game where he was showing his dominance, and she wanted to fight back because she wanted an orgasm, damn it! 
Unfortunately, her body refused to cooperate. She was completely under his spell. 
She realized that she needed a different tactic. 
"Maxy, baby…", Tatiana purred into his ear, and she smirked when she felt his body jolting. "Fuck me hard. Show me what an Alpha can do for his mate…" 
How can Maddox say no to that? But he had a different idea. 
"How about you show me what a Luna will do for her mate?" 
Before Tatiana could respond, Maddox's arms wrapped around her and he rolled them over, placing Tatiana on top. 
Tatiana's smirk told him that she accepted the challenge. She loved to be in charge, and the fact that he initiated it, stirred her further to prove how she can make him feel good. 
Maddox watched as his naked Goddess moved with elegance, rotating so that her back was facing him, and he stared at her perfect ass as she lowered herself on him. 
"Fuuuuuck…", Maddox cursed under his breath when Tatiana held onto his legs for leverage and started riding him. 
Her ass moved up and down, adding a small rotation as her pussy enveloped his cock in an airtight fit and charged him with addictive sparks that muddled with his mind. 
She was moving faster and Maddox was not sure how long he can hold on. 
"AWOOOOO!", a loud howl ripped from Tatiana's throat, shaking the windows, and catching Maddox by surprise. 
Before Tatiana's howl died completely, Maddox groaned when her insides coiled around his cock, pushing him over the edge and he twitched as he shot his hot seed inside her. 
Maddox's mind was a mess and he appreciated the fact that Tatiana didn't stop moving, even though her body was convulsing in ecstasy. 
His Goddess was perfect. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 377 - Coffee And Strawberries (1)
Chapter 377 – Coffee And Strawberries (1)
Breakfast was served in the garden. 
The morning sun was not too hot, and the breeze was providing a pleasant cooling effect. The atmosphere was enhanced by the song of birds that were hiding in the trees and the good mood of people who were seated at tables. 
Talia decided to sit with Mindy, Maya, and Kalina, she didn't see them since dinner. 
Damon was not pleased when Talia urged him to sit with Tony and Caden. 
"We are hosts…", Talia reminded him, and Damon grumbled something she didn't understand. 
Damon pulled a chair for Talia to sit and went to the table where breakfast items were arranged in a buffet style. 
Only after making sure that Talia had a plate full of food in front of her as well as a glass of orange juice, Damon went to sit with the guys. 
Paul, Nate, and Greg were seated at another table. 
"Did you hear that howl this morning? It was before six o'clock.", Talia said to her girlfriends. "Do you know who it was?" Damon was sleeping like a log, and he didn't hear anything. 
"It was my sister.", Kalina said, making Mindy, Maya, and Talia look at her. 
"Are you sure? It sounded like a call for hunt.", Maya said. 
Kalina nodded. "Yeah. I'm sure. That was Tanya." 
"Well, at least you know that she was having a good time.", Mindy said cheekily. "I told you that my brother will take good care of her." 
Maya chimed in, "Was he taking care of her, or did Tanya take care of Max?" 
After a moment of silence, Maya, Mindy, Talia, and Kalina burst into giggles. 
When they settled down, Maya spoke to Talia, "I heard that Nora is in the dungeon. Care to share what happened?" 
Talia looked at the other faces at the table and she saw that Kalina and Mindy were also curious. Talia gave them the short version of Nora coming to Damon's study and throwing herself at him. She skipped the part of Damon knocking Nora out, it was not necessary. 
"Oh, it seems that tonight's party will go smoothly.", Mindy commented. "With Marcy and Nora out of the way, there is no one to stir the pot." 
Talia was not so sure. "Let's hope so." 
There were more than fifty people on the guestlist, but other than Elder Charlie and Elder Samson, Talia didn't know anyone else who will come. They also invited Shaman Gideon, but he didn't respond to the invitation so they were not sure if he will show up. That left a lot of unknown faces, and Talia couldn't predict how they will react when Damon introduces her. 
What if they hope for someone with a good background to be Damon's mate? What if they expect someone like… Marcy? 
Damon offered Talia an option of introducing her as just Talia, and if anyone asks, they would say that she is his assistant. By dinner time, Talia will get a chance to mingle with the guests casually, and after that, they can reveal they are mates, once Talia was comfortable. But how comfortable can she get during two-to-three hours? She was nervous. 
Talia had no idea how things will play out, but the good part was that her friends were here. She knew that Mindy, Kalina, and Maya won't let her suffer a loss. 
The chatter stopped when Maddox and Tatiana made appearances. 
Maddox's arm was around Tatiana's waist, holding her against him possessively and Tatiana's hair was flipped to the right to showcase Maddox's mark that was forming on the left side of her neck. 
"What did we miss?", Maddox asked no one in particular. 
Kalina bolted to her feet and ran there to give her sister a hug. 
"Come and join us at the table. So many things happened, and I want to hear how are you doing…", Kalina chirped and dragged Tatiana while ignoring Maddox's grumbles of protest. 
Damon waved at Maddox to come. "Get a plate of food for Tanya, and then you can join us." It's not that Maddox wouldn't join them on their own, but there was a danger of Maddox making a scene because Kalina took his mate away. 
Damon knew very well that Maddox's urge to feed Tatiana was at its peak. The only question was if Maddox will let her eat on her own or if he will insist on feeding her. 
It was apparent that Maddox didn't want to separate from Tatiana, even for that little space that was required in order for them to sit at separate tables. 
Maddox felt joy radiating from Tatiana and he watched as she craned her neck to show his mark to Kalina, Talia, Maya, and Mindy. That helped him settle his emotions a bit. 
Maddox nodded stiffly at Damon and made his way to the table that was set up with breakfast items. 
Damon didn't understand why Maddox and Tatiana left their room. They already delivered them food, more than once. But then Damon picked up through the mind-link that Rose was on her way to change bedsheets and give fresh towels, which explained why the newly mated couple was out in the open. 
Damon wanted to take advantage of this situation to share some details with Maddox and Tony (Caden knew everything already), and to tell them that there will be a party tonight they should attend. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"Why don't you sit with guys at the table?", Mindy asked Maddox when he brought two plates, both heaping with food. He placed one plate in front of Tatiana, and the other one next to her. It was obvious that Maddox wanted to sit with the women at the table. 
Maddox frowned at Mindy in disapproval. Why was she chasing him away? 
His hostility dissipated when Tatiana put her hand over his while saying sweetly, "Maxy, baby, how about you eat with guys? I give you half an hour and then we go back upstairs." 
Maddox's eyebrows shoot up in agreement. Half an hour. He can do that. Maybe. 
He leaned to kiss Tatiana on the lips once, twice, every kiss mixed his flavor of coffee with hers of strawberries… and then he said, "Make sure you finish that. You will need the energy." 
'PAK!' 
Tatiana slapped his ass and she shook her hand that was throbbing. How can a man be so hard? 
Maddox grinned cockily. "Save that for the upstairs, doll." 
He gave her another quick kiss before walking away with his plate of food. 
Tatiana watched Maddox's tall and muscular frame as he moved, and she couldn't stop herself from imagining his body without any clothes. Her eyes fell on his firm ass that stretched his shorts, and she bit her lower lip while graphic images of her spanking Max flashed in her mind. Or will he spank her again? Both options were hot, so they will definitely do both. 
Everything he did felt right. It was like he knew exactly where, how hard, how long, and in what way to touch her. The last two days passed in a daze, and she was not sure if they really happened or if she imagined it all. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 378 - Coffee And Strawberries (2)
Chapter 378 – Coffee And Strawberries (2)
Kalina giggled at her sister. "It seems you are enjoying with your mate." 
Tatiana released a long breath. "What is there not to enjoy? He is… fantastic. He made me fly so many times. I only worry that when this enamored daze disperses, I fall hard on my ass." The ass that was still remembering Maddox squeezing it harshly. 
Tatiana couldn't believe that she enjoyed being manhandled. Wasn't she the dominant one? But with Maddox things were different. She never saw anyone so handsome, powerful, annoyingly confident, and he smelled great and tasted even better. Every part of him was made for pleasuring her. 
Tatiana was not inexperienced, but she never came so quickly and so strongly, and she couldn't wait to do it again. 
Tatiana had a good life so far, and she couldn't imagine what changes will happen with Maddox's appearance, but she knew that life without Maddox was not an option. 
To make things more complicated, Maddox marked her. That sealed their bond, and she became his Luna, the Luna of the Blue River pack. It was a big deal, yet she didn't know a thing about that pack, including where it was. 
Sense of urgency swelled within Tatiana. She should educate herself about so many things. What is the situation in his family? She knew about Mindy, but what about their parents, Beta, and other high-ranking members of the pack? She heard that Beta and Gamma are usually very close to the Alpha, like extended family. Should she buy them presents? 
"Don't worry, Tanya.", Talia said. It was obvious that Tatiana was freaking herself out. "Every relationship has ups and downs, but the mate bond is assurance that both of you will do your best to make it work, and that's the only thing that counts." 
Kalina nodded in agreement with Talia's words, and added to Tatiana, "Just how you are in a daze, he is as well. Keep in mind that the bond works both ways. No matter what's ahead, you will be in it together." 
Tatiana smiled a little, but she couldn't stop herself from worrying about that together part. 
She had a life and a company in Europe, while Maddox had a pack in the States. How can they take care of the people who depend on them, and be together, when those two are on different continents? 
It was easy not to think about it while lost in the throes of passion, but now that her head was clear, all kinds of worries filled her mind. 
Tatiana closed her eyes and took a deep breath while trying to compose herself. The second inhale filled her system with the scent of coffee and her lips lifted into a smile. 
"Thank you for the coffee…", her voice trailed when she opened her eyes and realized there was a glass of water in front of her. 
"I got you water. Do you want coffee?", Maddox asked with concern on his handsome face. 
While they were in the room, Tatiana drank only water, so he assumed that was what she wanted. Did he fail to bring to his Goddess her beverage of choice? 
Tatiana looked into his endless chocolate eyes and all her doubts dissipated. 
He was slightly leaning above her, and she reached to caress his cheek with her hand. 
"For the last couple of years, I am used to thinking about my work, my employees, and my customers", Tatiana said. "And since I've met you, I am selfishly thinking only about myself." 
Maddox was not sure from where that came, but he knew how to answer, "I feel the same, Tanya. While we were in your room, I didn't think about my pack not even once, and I don't know if that was a good thing or a bad one, but I know that I love having you on my mind." And on my cock. 
Mindy tched in annoyance. "Do you guys hear yourself? Both of you were thinking about others to the point that now you feel guilty because you are happy. The world will continue spinning without you sitting in the driver's seat. Enjoy what you have." 
Mindy's words got Talia thinking. Everyone had their sets of worries, and it was just a matter of whether they will allow worries to consume them or focus on the positives. 
Talia's sight drifted to Damon. He was chatting with Caden and Tony, and the mood was good, and then he paused and turned to meet her gaze. Did he feel that she was looking at him? Probably. 
Their smiles mirrored each other, and Talia loved that they were sharing the invisible connection which confirmed how what they have was special. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"Well said!", Maya exclaimed, and Talia jolted while wondering what she missed. It was easy to get lost in Damon's icy-blue gaze that did funny things in her stomach. 
Talia saw Damon smiling smugly, and she knew he enjoyed the fact that he can distract her easily. 
"You are wise beyond your age.", Maya told Mindy. "If I didn't know better, I would assume you have a mate." 
Mindy rolled her eyes dramatically. "It's because I don't have one that I can see clearly. I know Max since I was born, and I never saw him this…" Mindy's voice trailed when she saw that Maddox and Tatiana were making out. "I wanted to say I never saw him that happy, but now I will go with horny." 
Kalina, Talia, and Maya burst into giggles, but all three of them secretly stole glances at their mates that were at the neighboring table, and they wished to be closer to them. Touching distance is the best. Clothes are optional. 
The guys felt the same as their mates, but there was a sense of how it's manly to show control and not succumb to urges. However, everyone had their breaking point. 
"Max!", Damon shouted. "Leave Tanya alone and get your ass here! You said that you will only give her water. That's more than just water!" 
Damon was irritable because Max was getting sugar from his mate, while Damon was sitting with guys and controlling his urges to taste Talia. 
Maddox broke the kiss and grinned at Damon. "Tanya wanted coffee also. How can I say no to my mate?" He looked at Tanya and caressed her cheek with his thumb. "I will do anything to make you happy." 
Tatiana looked at Maddox dreamily. Normally, she would call him out on bullshit because no one spouts such cheesy lines and means it, but in this case, Tatiana could feel his emotions and she knew he meant it. 
"Thank you for the coffee." 
"Anytime, doll…", Maddox said in a sexy low voice. "It seems you want more." 
Tatiana's eyes flashed with delight. She always loved coffee, and she tasted many blends, and Maddox's flavors were hands-down the best coffee she ever had. After marking, his flavors intensified and acted like a drug. She was addicted. It was never enough. 
Kissing was only a small sip from the cup of pleasures Maddox can provide, and Tatiana was eager to accept whatever he was willing to give. 
Seeing that Tatiana's lips were slightly parted, and her eyes darted from his eyes to his lips, Maddox smiled and then he kissed her again. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 379 - James’ New Friends (1)
Chapter 379 – James’ New Friends (1)
James made his way into the garden, and Damon stood up to meet him. 
The two of them talked before breakfast, and Damon told James about the situation with Nora. 
James was not surprised to hear that Nora found her way into Damon's study when no one else was around, but he didn't expect that Nora would end up in the dungeon. That only confirmed James' guess how Talia was important. Very important. 
James also respected the fact that Damon rejected Nora. James knew very well that his father never refused a free meal. 
Damon told James to include in his (aka George's) daily report how Nora was disrespectful toward Alpha Damon and that she was sent to the dungeon to reflect on her actions, per request from Damon's future Luna. 
Of course, Alpha Edward will think that the future Luna is Marcy, and by the time that's clarified, Damon will secure Talia's position and protection. 
"Done?", Damon asked, and James nodded in response. "Any problems?" 
"No problems. I already got confirmation that things are progressing well. Did you arrange for the things I asked?" 
Damon's evaluation of James changed. He was not only observant, but also calculative, smart, proactive, and he knew how to ask for what he wanted. 
The thing was that Damon didn't ask James to confirm with Alpha Edward anything, yet James did it on his own. 
Damon thought how having that youngster on his side would be a good thing, but if James turns against him, it could be dangerous. However, they already started this dance, and the only thing Damon could do is to keep his eyes on James and stay vigilant. 
"You can head out after breakfast.", Damon said. "Until then, you should get to know guys who will accompany you." 
Damon's eyes lost focus for a moment and then he turned to look at the main entry. A second later, three figures emerged. 
They were three teenagers, two boys, and a girl. They all looked to be about James' age. 
"James", Damon called. "These are Zack, Eric, and Petra. They might be young, but they are my junior warriors and they each have qualifications you asked for. Zack and Eric can drive, Petra will get her license after she turns sixteen years old. In addition, they all went to human town at least a few times, and they will double as your bodyguards. I assumed that you would prefer this arrangement compared to having a few older guys going with you." 
James nodded in approval and listened to the instructions Damon gave to the three teens. 
"You have the list of places James wants to visit. It is not set in stone, as you are welcome to suggest alternatives and make adjustments as needed. If there is any emergency, let me know. Keep your phones on, so we can track you with GPS if anything happens unexpectedly. When you are in human town, he will not be James, the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack. There, he will be James, your friend. Don't stand out, don't cause trouble, but above all, don't let anyone bully you and prioritize safety. If James is pleased with your performance today, you will get to accompany him tomorrow as well." 
They all nodded in understanding, and Damon gestured toward the table with food while saying, "Help yourself with breakfast. When you are done, you are free to leave." 
With that, Damon returned to his table. 
James shook hands with three teens and they exchanged names while assessing each other. 
Zack looked like a quiet guy who spoke only when spoken to. 
Erik had a big smile on his face, and the only thing bigger was the lens of the camera that was hanging around his neck. 
Petra was a girl with a hair full of curly brown hair, and her keen gaze told James that she shouldn't be underestimated. 
James didn't realize that he smiled brightly while talking with his three companions for the day. While imagining his days ahead, James always saw himself doing things alone, while one or two older guys stood at the back and watched him. But with three teens, James will look like he is hanging out with friends. 
Who knows, maybe he actually makes friends? That would be first. 
At the Red Moon pack, he is surrounded by trainers and tutors, with George being among the youngest ones. Teens that are James' age are looking at him like he is some untouchable royalty because status and rankings are strictly respected in the Red Moon pack. 
James found it refreshing to be able to engage in conversation with kids his age and they didn't look like they swallowed a stick. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
James, Petra, Erik, and Zack got food and sat at a table that was prepared for them. 
"You must have these feasts often.", Petra said while gesturing toward the table that was full of breakfast items. Her plate had the most food piled up among the others. 
"Not really.", James said. When he saw that Petra's curious gaze was directed at him, James added, "I mostly study and train and days are the same. This is different." Very different. 
James realized that they probably think he has a super exciting life as the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack, and he really didn't want to disappoint them, so he decided to stir the conversation in a different direction. 
"Alpha Damon said you are junior warriors. What does that mean?", James asked. 
To his surprise, it was the silent Zack who responded, "At the age of sixteen, students who perform well in school get a chance to start training, assuming we pass the physical and mental exams." 
Zack opened his mouth to say more, but James raised his hand, indicating that he had a question. 
When James saw that Zack, Erik, and Petra looked at him strangely, James cursed himself. This was a habit he got from his tutoring, don't speak without permission, and he just asked for permission to speak. 
James wished to disappear. Who talks to peers by raising hands to announce he wants a turn? How embarrassing. 
James cleared his throat awkwardly before asking, "You need to have good grades and pass exams in order to become a warrior?" 
They all nodded in confirmation, and Zack corrected James, "Junior warrior. We attend training and get evaluated based on our performance, however, we don't get official duties until we finish high school, and there are additional tests we need to take, both physical, mental, and emotional…" 
James thought how all that was fascinating. 
In the Red Moon pack, it's assumed that everyone will start training by the time they are ten years old, and if they don't show promising results early on, they will be dismissed from the path to become warriors and will get labeled as Omegas. 
Compared to that, in the Dark Howlers pack, Alpha Damon was prioritizing regular education and one must be an exemplary student if he/she gets to train before finishing high school. 
This concept was novel for James and he was eager to find out more. 
… 
Note: You can see the pic of Zack, Petra, and Erik in the comments. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 380 - James’ New Friends (2)
Chapter 380 – James’ New Friends (2)
"Can one be a warrior without starting as a junior warrior?", James asked. 
"Of course", Zack responded. "Normally, after high school, we would join as warriors in training. Right now, we have the same status as warriors in training, but we are at an advantage because we started earlier. After we finish school, we will turn into warriors in training, and we will be eligible to take tests needed for becoming regular warriors and get ranks assigned." 
"You can think of us as elite forces.", Erik added proudly. "Most of us who join early get ranked by the time we reach twenty years old. Zack's grades are so good that he got a scholarship and is attending school in the human city." 
James' eyes sparkled with curiosity as he turned to Zack. "How can you go to a human city regularly? What if someone upsets you and you shift in front of humans?" 
Zack smirked. "I had to pass endurance tests where I proved I can control my wolf. If one can't pass that, he can't leave our territory without supervision, no matter how good his grades are.", Zack said and patted Erik's back. "Like this guy here." 
Erik puffed his cheeks in annoyance. "I passed the test last month." He turned to James. "I can continue high school in the human city starting September, but I have a good thing going on here, so I decided to stick around until college." 
James' mind was spinning. College? That was something he saw in movies and it comes with staying in dorms and numerous parties where students drink and make out. It's fantastic! 
James had so many questions, but he wondered if he will ask too much and reveal how ignorant he was. He should be the next Alpha, cream of the crop in every way possible, yet he was painfully aware that his eager expression was betraying him. However, this was his chance to get answers and he was willing to risk it. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
James schooled his features to look cool, and asked, "So, how long are you guys training to be warriors?" 
"I'm on my second year, and so is Erik", Zack responded. "Petra just finished her first year, but don't let that fool you because she can wipe the floor with us." 
Petra rolled her eyes, and James was focused on her cheeks that swelled from all the food in her mouth. He thought that if she opens her mouth, the food will spill, but she still managed to say to Zack without making a mess, "Don't make it sound like I am a violent person." 
She touched her nose and said to James. "I am training to be a tracker." 
James' eyes widened. "You get specialization so early on?" In the Red Moon pack, they all start with hellish trainings to build their strength and stamina. It takes years to reach the point where they can choose a specific field, and even that's reserved only for the best ones. 
Erik responded, "I wouldn't call it specialization. It's more like exploration. Petra expressed her desire to be a tracker, so veteran trackers from our pack will give her personal lessons once or twice a week, depending on availability. We get real specialization only after we become warriors. Zack wants to be a scout, and I am a fighter." 
"A fighter?", James asked. "That's the basic route. Don't you want anything specific?" 
"I know what you are thinking.", Erik said. "You are wondering why a genius like me would pick the least exciting path. However, going through the training as a fighter will give me the foundation I need to be a General, which is my ultimate goal." 
James pointed at Erik's camera. "You look like a photographer, and not a general." 
Erik caressed his camera with the tips of his fingers gently. "I am the president of the photography club in our school." He puffed his chest proudly, and continued, "My photos are published regularly in the school's paper, and in the Darkbourne's magazine. I get to guide aspiring photographers, which counts toward my leadership skills as a junior warrior. As for achievements, I won a few photography competitions that were organized by people outside our territory, by humans mostly. My mentor said that if I continue like this, I will get to be an intern at WW Magazine, and after that a job will be waiting for me…" 
James blinked while wondering if this was a different pack or a different planet. Clubs? Studying in human city? Awards? Internships? Mentors for photography? They had no such things in the Red Moon pack where everything was geared toward warriors, and James concluded how teens in the Dark Howlers pack are having exciting lives. They had so many options! 
James' admiration for Damon as an Alpha rose by a few notches, and James decided to find out more about the Dark Howlers pack in addition to having fun. 
"What other clubs and activities are available? Is that something you do on your own, or is the pack supportive?" 
Petra, Erik, and Zack were not sure what to think about James. They all had an impression that people with Alpha bloodlines are above them. After all, individuals like James attend exclusive training and parties and appear in magazines. Compared to such people, Petra, Erik, and Zack were invisible. 
However, instead of being a prideful teen with an Alpha bloodline, James resembled a curious countryside kid who came into a big town. 
Alpha Damon told them to be good to James and to entertain him to the best of their abilities. They even got a promise of a reward if they do a good job, so they couldn't complain. They knew that Alpha Damon was generous when giving rewards and they hoped to get the latest PS console. Or maybe a full day pass to the amusement park. 
When Beta Caden told them details of their assignment, Petra, Erik, and Zack assumed that James might ask for some secretive information about their patrols or security drills. 
Teens don't know the super-secretive stuff, but a few spies could collect bits of information that are seemingly irrelevant, and piece it together into something that could be used to sneak into their territory or to plan the vulnerable place and time to attack. 
James seemed friendly and the teens wondered if he was genuinely interested in all that regular stuff or if he was just a good actor. Or was he buttering them up by starting easy, so they lower their guards? 
They were not sure what to think, so they all stayed vigilant while making sure they don't reveal more than what was publicly available. Better safe than sorry. 
By the time they finished breakfast, James found out that Petra was the youngest of the three. She will be sixteen next month, and that made her two months older than James. Zack and Erik were seventeen years old, and the two of them had driver's licenses not only for cars but for motorcycles also. James thought how that was amazing. 
All three of them were attending high school, and the school in Darkbourne followed the same curriculum humans have with the difference that PE classes were more intense. 
Erik was the president of the photography club, Petra was into astronomy and pottery, and Zack was the star of the fencing club in the school he was attending. All three of them were regularly participating in various activities that are offered in the Darkbourne's community center, and James took a mental note to ask them about the evening gatherings next to the lake. It would be awesome if he could join them. 
But the most amazing for James was that it seemed how every path was equally valued, and neither of the three was obsessed to become a warrior. They saw it as an honor and a way to contribute, and that was different compared to what James was used to. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 381 - Checking On Patients (1)
Chapter 381 – Checking On Patients (1)
As they finished breakfast, everyone dispersed to accomplish their tasks. 
James headed to the human city with his new friends. James saw that Petra, Erik, and Zack would occasionally stiffen as if they reminded themselves who James is, but James didn't mind. He was used to it. 
Mindy, Kalina, and Maya went to Darkbourne to check on a few things for the upcoming party. Marcy volunteered to do it, right before Talia snapped and held her down while showing her the graphic video, and then there was the whole rejection business… long story short, Marcy was unavailable, so Maya took it on herself to finalize those tasks, and Mindy and Kalina decided to accompany Maya. 
Caden accompanied Tony, Paul, Nate, and Greg for training. Their schedule included training in the morning, and after lunch, they will help with setting up the event hall and the garden for the upcoming party. 
Tatiana and Maddox went back to her room after promising that they will make appearances at the party. Damon was hoping that Maddox will be more present, but considering that he just found his mate, Damon didn't insist. 
Maddox's situation was a painful reminder for Damon that if he was not an asshole when he met Talia, he and Talia would spend the first few days (probably longer) indulging in each other. When they come out of the room, Talia would wear his mark, regardless of her wolf's presence. 
But Damon messed up, big time, and it was weeks already, yet Talia was still not marked. This combined with external threats to Talia's safety, and Axel wanting to take her away… it was all driving Damon mad. 
At this rate, Damon feared that it won't happen. He was stupid at the beginning, and now they were stuck with her wolf's conditions, and there was also Axel's warning how they should give it at least few days to adjust to the marking. What was that about? 
Part of Damon considered letting his wolf out to mark Talia, and he would deal with Talia's wolf and anything else that comes later. 
Sometimes it's better to ask for forgiveness than permission, but Damon was not sure which one this was. What if the mess escalates into something that's too much and he really endangers Talia? 
Damon was frustrated. He was never indecisive. Damon's nature was to do what his instincts tell him, but since he met Talia, he was doubting himself like never before. 
After breakfast, Talia had a task to go with Dawn and visit Marcy and George. They would deliver fresh food, herbs, and check on the situation there. 
Shaken up by recent events, and nervous about what's coming, Damon decided to tag along. 
"Don't you have pack-related work to do?", Talia asked Damon when she realized he was serious about coming with her. 
"Kitten", he called with all the importance in the world. "Didn't you notice that whenever we are apart, something bad happens? We should stick together. Besides, I want to hear what Travis has to say." 
Talia gave up. If Damon was fine to neglect his work in order to follow her around, she wouldn't . She liked his presence. The only downside was that Dawn was super-stiff with Damon around. 
In the kitchen, Damon waited on the side and checked emails on his phone while Talia and Dawn packed food. For people who didn't know what was going on, the official version was that Damon and Talia will have a meal in the forest. 
Stephanie, Zina, Ivy, and Lily were also busying themselves in the kitchen with clean-up after breakfast. 
Because Lisa was in the dungeon, and it was somewhat because of her, Talia was not sure how to look at Stephanie and she couldn't wait to pack stuff and get out of there. 
"Is this the right time to have a meal in the forest?", Stephanie asked Damon with disapproval in her voice. "I know you kids like to have fun, but there is so much to do with the upcoming party." 
Damon nodded in agreement. "It's exactly because of the party that we will do this. It will help us change the scenery as we go over the schedule. Maya is handling things in the town with Mindy and Kalina, and we will all be back in time to set up things here." 
Stephanie exhaled helplessly and shook her head. She didn't approve, but Damon was the Alpha, and he knew what he was doing. Hopefully. 
"If you are not here when I return, I will meet with you in the sweet shop.", Dawn told Zina. 
"You have plans?", Talia asked. 
Zina confirmed. "We will take Ivy and Lily to enjoy the best lemon pie in the area." 
"Just make sure you don't stay too long.", Stephanie reminded them. "At ten-thirty, I want us to start with lunch and food prep for tonight." 
"Sure, sure…", Dawn and Zina responded in unison like it's not a big deal. 
Stephanie was flustered. Just yesterday Maya told her that they will have this big party, and now everyone was going to relax and enjoy. Don't they have a sense of urgency? 
Stephanie felt like the only grownup in the room that was stuck with a bunch of kids who only want to play. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Talia, Damon, and Dawn reached the house where Marcy and George were. 
They took a longer route because Talia wanted to get some fresh herbs from the forest. 
Travis was there already, sitting in the living room. 
"Don't worry about it. I finished the exam a minute ago, so I'm waiting to tell you the results in person", Travis said when Talia apologized for running late. He didn't dare be disrespectful toward his Luna even though Damon didn't announce it. 
Dawn went into the kitchen to prepare a tray with food for George, and Damon and Talia sat on the sofa to hear updates from the good Doctor. 
Travis spoke for a few minutes, which could be summarized with, "There are no significant changes to their conditions." 
Actually, their states were slowly declining, which was not unusual considering that they were not getting out of beds, and the extent of how much IVs could do was limited. 
"They are fine for now, but if this continues for the next few days, I will recommend that we move them to the hospital where they can get extensive care. If they were humans, they would be hooked up to machines already." 
Damon didn't like it. If Marcy and George are moved to the hospital, people would find out about their condition. 
Sure, people working in the pack hospital are members of the Dark Howlers pack, and Travis can decide who from the staff can approach the patients, but there are ways to find out things by hacking into security feeds, or into hospital records. Nothing was completely secure. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 382 - Checking On Patients (2)
Chapter 382 – Checking On Patients (2)
Damon was alerted when he felt Talia's emotions fluctuating. 
He knew that Talia was worried about Marcy and George. She was kind and selfless, and her impulse was to help people, but this was not the right time. 
Damon feared that she will use her powers. 
What if someone sees how amazing she is? With all the things going on, he really didn't want to add more to it. 
He gave her hand a squeeze. "Don't do anything rashly. It's still early to give up hope." 
Talia responded with a sad smile. She could feel Damon's worry, and she wanted to assure him that she won't act without thinking. 
"I will do my part by providing herbs and food. The two of you continue without me. I will check on Dawn." With that, Talia left the living room. 
Travis looked after Talia and smiled dreamily while thinking how their Luna is compassionate. Alpha Damon is just and fierce, and he takes care of his people, but they were missing the soft side that comes out of Talia effortlessly. 
In the next moment, Travis broke into a cold sweat as Damon's murderous aura splashed on him. 
Travis knew what he did wrong, his head was not just for decoration. He was looking after Alpha's mate with an ambiguous expression that lingered longer than necessary. 
And to save his neck, Travis lowered his head in submission. 
Travis didn't dare to reveal how he knew that Talia was Damon's mate because Caden told him it was a secret, and Travis didn't want to get into more trouble. 
"I had no bad intentions, Alpha. I was just noticing how Talia is a caring person. She would be a great medical professional. That's all." 
"It better be…", Damon grumbled and eased up his aura. The more Damon looked at Doctor Travis, the less he liked him. Was he due for survival training? If not, Damon could make it happen. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Dawn and Talia went upstairs together. 
Talia held a bowl with fruits and a bag with fresh herbs dangling on her shoulder. 
Dawn carried a tray with a full meal that had covered plates with eggs, bacon, and pastries from breakfast, which went great with cream cheese and small jars of jams. On the tray were also a glass of orange juice and a glass of milk. 
As something little extra, Dawn brought a plate with cinnamon rolls, her favorites. Dawn knew that she would come to see Commander George in the morning, and she got up extra early to make them with the hope that the soothing scent of cinnamon rolls will stir him out of his daze, at least to eat. 
The idea of such a handsome man with a promising future dwindling away because of rejection was eating Dawn alive and she had to do something, anything. Unfortunately, making cinnamon rolls was the most she could do, and she didn't have much hope it will work, but it was more than nothing. 
They went to Marcy's room first. 
Dawn observed Marcy who was unmoving, and she was not sure if it was right to feel nothing. 
Dawn thought that she will feel sorry for the woman in her early twenties that was in such a sorry state. Marcy was the princess of the Red Moon pack, with good looks and great education, she came here to become Luna, yet she fell into a coma. 
Dawn also thought that maybe she will despise Marcy for not appreciating all the good things in her life and rejecting the mate bond. 
However, instead of any of those, Dawn didn't feel anything. 
Dawn watched as Talia arranged herbs in the vase and collected the ones that started drying. They really smelled nice, and Dawn thought of asking Talia if she can get some for her apartment also. It wouldn't be fair if Zina's place smells great and Dawn's was lacking. 
Seeing that Dawn was watching her, Talia started explaining what she was doing while wrapping the half-dried plants into paper towels. "I will cut off the wet parts and dry them separately. When they are fully dried, we can use them as spices, to make tea, for scented pouches, or as material for incense burners." 
Dawn thought how Talia was amazing, and she remembered how Talia would always keep the leftover food for later. No matter how much they had, Talia never wasted anything. 
"OK. We are done here.", Talia announced, and Dawn felt all jittery. 
"How do I look?", Dawn asked. 
"Are you worried that Commander George won't approve of that smudge on your cheek?" 
Dawn started rubbing her left cheek vigorously. 
"The other one.", Talia said with a straight face, and she burst into giggles when Dawn switched to rub her right cheek. 
It took a second for Dawn to realize… "You are messing with me." 
"Don't be silly, Dawn. The man is non-responsive. Even if you have horns sticking out of your head, he won't mind. Or it's more accurate to say that he won't notice." 
Dawn made a face and grabbed the tray that she kept on the side. "Lead the way." 
The truth was that even Dawn was not sure why she was so self-conscious while thinking about Commander George. 
Sure, George was powerful and handsome, but Dawn saw many Alphas and many handsome people, yet none of them invaded her thoughts and affected her emotions to the point of her acting like a flustered teenager who was experiencing her first crush. 
… 
Talia entered George's room first and after a quick glance at George, she confirmed what Doctor Travis said. He was not better. 
Talia placed the bowl with fruits down and moved toward the vase where herbs were. 
Dawn paused in the hallway and peered through the open door to see George lying on the bed and staring blankly at the ceiling. 
She expected a heartache, or concern, but instead… she was happy. Or to be more precise, Dawn's wolf was happy and urging her to get inside. 
Dawn had no idea what was going on because she never felt like this, but the urge to get closer was overwhelming and she made one step, and another, and another… and she stood at the door and stared at the man who was lying on the bed. 
Somehow, George was more handsome than Dawn remembered him to be. 
Dawn inhaled deeply and her lungs were filled with the scent of a meadow where many flowers mixed, but the most prominent one was the sweet clover. 
Dawn remembered that Zina said how the flowers Talia brought smell fantastic, but how come Dawn didn't pick up this addictive scent in Marcy's room? Did Talia place different ones in this room? 
Dawn's heart skipped a beat when she realized that the man on the bed was staring at her. His dark brown eyes seem to peer into her soul, and she was wondering if that was really happening or if she imagined it. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 383 - The Second Chance For Happiness (1)
Chapter 383 – The Second Chance For Happiness (1)
George was lost in the turbulent world his memories created. 
Scenes from his early childhood morphed into an endless cycle of training, shouting, pain, hiding, enduring, hatred, dejection. He was able to survive by channeling all that negativity into more training and using it as fuel to keep going. 
And then there was light. Marcy. The perfect woman, made for him. She stood like a beacon of light for a brief moment, and then she pushed him back into the cycle of nightmares that waited for him, threatening to swallow him whole. 
George was unable to find an exit into the reality that was just as grim as his nightmares, but he knew that in the reality there were people waiting for him. There was Estelle and a number of other people, and for their sake, George should do something only he could do, and he had to snap out of it so that he could help them. 
Helplessness was consuming him, and he wondered if this was the extent of his abilities. What was the point of finding out about his heritage if this is how it will end? 
George hated himself for falling into such a sorry state. He was a joke of an Alpha. 
And just when he thought that there was no hope for breaking the cycle, he picked up something different. It was a sweet scent of cinnamon that carried warmth with it, and George turned toward the source to see an outline of a person. He narrowed his eyes to focus and realized that he was staring at a young woman with short blond hair and endlessly blue eyes directed at him. 
Was that his wolf stirring? It was weak, but it was definitely his wolf. 
The girl was standing at the door and the light from behind her made her look like she was glowing. She was familiar, yet he was certain that he has never seen such a beautiful woman in his life. 
George was lost in a daze that might have lasted a second or eternity, and he didn't realize when his wolf whispered into George's mind that one word he never thought he will hear again, "Mate". 
George couldn't believe it. Was that for real or was his imagination playing tricks on him? 
… 
Oblivious to the state of two other people in the room, Talia finished arranging the flowers and turned around. 
"Dawn?", Talia called her non-responsive friend. 
Talia's eyes widened in shock when she realized that George was staring back at Dawn. 
Both Dawn and George were in some kind of a trance, mesmerized with each other, and Talia realized… mates. 
But how was this possible? Didn't Marcy reject George? 
It took Talia a moment to remember the story about second chance mates and her lips lifted into a knowing smile. 
Who said that witnessing mates recognizing each other was a rare occurrence? In just two days, Talia saw it three times, and she even saw one rejection! 
Talia carefully approached Dawn and took the tray from her hands. She placed the tray on the side table and moved toward the door. 
Talia nudged Dawn from the back, pushing her to step into the room, and said softly, "Go to him, Dawn." 
Dawn moved robotically and stopped only when her legs reached the bed. 
Talia started closing the door and paused when she remembered the camera in the room. It was there so they can see if there were any changes in George's condition. Caden just placed the camera on the dresser, so Talia swiftly snatched it and put it in her bag where herbs were. No one will get to watch what's going to happen in there. 
Well, almost no one. 
Talia pulled the door to close, but she didn't close it completely. She left a small crack so that she can peep inside. 
Talia didn't want to watch the X-rated scenes, but she just wanted to ensure things were moving in the right direction. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Dawn looked at George's handsome features, but she couldn't read his expression. 
Somehow, he didn't look happy and that made her heart tighten painfully. 
In the next moment, she was overwhelmed with emotions. 
Disbelief. Doubt. Fear. There was a trace of joy, but it was quickly drowned by hesitation. 
Dawn clutched her chest while wondering from where those feelings were coming, and then she heard a voice in her head, "Mate". 
Dawn stared at George while questioning her sanity. Was she daydreaming about handsome Commander George, and she lost her mind completely? How can she be his mate? 
Isn't he the powerful Commander? 
And there was another thing… wasn't he rejected by Miss Marcy? 
If the mate thing was real, doesn't that make her his second chance mate? 
But… the stories go that only two people who lost mates can be each other's second chance mates. 
Did that mean she had a mate at some point, and she lost him? Did he perish before they met? Or did he mark another woman and that destroyed the chance for a bond to form between them? 
Dawn will never know the answers to those questions. 
However, she knew that if she was looking at her second chance mate, then all those negative emotions she was feeling were coming from George. 
Why was he just lying there and staring at her? 
Was it possible that he didn't want her? 
No one ever mentioned a third chance mate… will she be mateless forever? 
George stared at Dawn while taking in her features. No matter how he looked at her, she was perfect. Was this another joke of the Moon Goddess? A test? 
Why would she give him a mate, if the bond can be so easily discarded? 
And he could also feel that she was uncertain and a bit scared. Is that how one feels when they meet their mate? 
George frowned when he noticed tears streaming down her cheeks. It was all super-confusing. 
"Why are you crying?", his voice was raspy because he didn't talk for a while and his throat was dry. 
"You don't want me.", Dawn said in a shaky voice, and she wiped her tears with the back of her palm. "Is it because I am an Omega? Not worthy to be your mate?" 
George's frown deepened. He never thought about the status of his mate. Actually, before meeting Marcy, George was so consumed in his training and revenge that he didn't think about his mate at all. 
The scar of Marcy's rejection was fresh, and it reminded him how opening up to the bond could backfire but… how could she be not worthy? 
Marcy rejected him because she thought that he was an Omega, and if he does the same after the hell Marcy put him through, he will be the biggest asshole on the planet. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 384 - The Second Chance For Happiness (2)
Chapter 384 – The Second Chance For Happiness (2)
George raised his hand and touched Dawn's fist that was in her chest level, pressing on the spot where her aching heart was. 
They both jolted when sparks prickled their skin upon contact, confirming that the mate thing was real. 
"It is me who is the unworthy one.", George said. 
Dawn's brows came together in concern, and she voiced her thoughts, "Do you think that Alpha Edward won't take you back because of what happened?" 
"You know…" He couldn't say the words that Marcy rejected him, but there was no need to say it. 
He slowly retracted his hand from Dawn's, and she was quick to catch it. 
Their hands stood connected between them, symbolizing the bond that was fresh and delicate. 
"I know what got you into this state.", Dawn confirmed. "I assume that Alpha Edward won't approve. You don't need to go back to the Red Moon pack. You are a Commander. I'm sure that Alpha Damon will find you a position in our army and protect you. He takes care of his people. If you don't want to be a soldier in the army of the Dark Howlers pack, that's fine. I have an apartment where we can live, and my income is enough for both of us. Actually, I saved quite a bit." 
Dawn was planning to go on a trip with Zina, but now that Dawn found her mate, Zina will need to take the back seat… assuming George doesn't reject her. 
George looked at Dawn in disbelief, wondering if he heard her right. "You will support me?" 
Dawn suspected that she hurt his pride. But he was still holding her hand, so even if she stepped over the invisible line, it was not by much. "I will support you until you find a job. Then we can both contribute." 
"You won't mind if I am a nobody? A failure that was discarded?" 
Dawn realized that his words were harsh because Marcy rejected him. Was it possible that he was insecure? 
Or did Marcy's rejection hurt so badly that he didn't want a mate anymore? 
Or was he testing her? 
Whichever it was, it didn't matter. Regardless of how George felt about the mate bond, her answer would be the same. 
From a young age, Dawn was hearing stories about how the mate bond is beautiful and sacred, and how true happiness can only be achieved when mates were together, and now that she was standing in front of her mate who was outrageously handsome, Dawn had no intention of backing down. 
Dawn put her other hand over George's that was still holding hers, and she confirmed that the sparks of their bond were real. How long will she get to enjoy them? Dawn was not sure. 
"You are not a nobody. You are George. Your job or background don't define you. The only thing that matters is what you will do going forward. My wolf told me you are my mate, and these sparks confirm it. I am willing to make it work and if you think otherwise…" Dawn released a shaky breath. "Reject me and be done with it." 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
George helplessly looked at Dawn whose cheeks were wet with fresh tears again. He was a soldier, and he didn't know how to handle a crying woman. 
He propped himself into a seated position and raised his hands to wipe her cheeks with his palms. Every movement hurt, like a thousand needles were lodged into his muscles, but his urge to comfort her was stronger than anything else. 
"Stop crying. Uhm… What's your name?" 
Dawn sniffled. "Dawn. That's D-A-W-N, like the first appearance of light in the sky before sunrise." She had to explain because some people would call her Don, like she was a boy. It's pronounced almost the same. 
"Dawn…", George repeated with a smile that made her heart skip a beat. "How about you sit next to me, so…" 
'GRRRGRRR!' 
George stopped talking when his stomach growled loudly. 
He wanted to say that she should sit next to him so they can talk and get to know each other, but his stomach made noise and interrupted the moment. Actually, his wolf was weakly urging him to pull Dawn into his embrace and kiss her senselessly, but George decided to take it slow. 
With Marcy, Gorge allowed himself to get carried away, and it's not like he had an intention to reject Dawn, but he wanted to be careful and not rush into things. 
Dawn realized that George's emotions changed from what she sensed previously. The initial negativity was dissipating, and she knew that he was willing to give them a go, and that meant the world to her. 
George was embarrassed by the noise his stomach made. He looked at Dawn sheepishly to see her smiling brightly, making him feel like the whole world came to life. 
He thought of her name… "Your name suits you." 
"It does?" 
"You brought light to my darkness." He knew that she probably won't understand how true his words were, but it didn't matter. 
Dawn felt her cheeks heating. Was she blushing? Probably. 
She thought how it was ridiculous, George didn't even say anything super romantic or sexy, but her heart was racing like his words were the sweetest thing she ever heard. 
Completely flustered by George's unexpected compliment, Dawn's eyes darted randomly until she saw the tray with food. "I brought you food. You should eat." 
Dawn moved to get the tray with food closer to George while talking quickly. She would blabber when she was nervous. "I guess your body feels stiff. Would you like a good stretch? We can go for a walk, or a run if you are up to it. I can give you a massage. If you want, I can prepare a bath for you…" 
"Can I have some water first?", George asked when Dawn paused to inhale. 
Dawn swiftly changed her direction toward the pitcher with water. She poured him a glass of water and watched him drink it. 
She stared unblinkingly at his Adam's apple that bobbed with every gulp he took and she thought how even that part of him was handsome. 
Dawn placed the tray with food on the bed next to George. She gingerly sat on the edge of the bed with the tray between them. 
Instead of ogling at him, Dawn decided to get busy, and she started removing covers from the plates with food. 
Dawn took the fork and her eyes darted from the food to George. "With what do you want to start?" It was obvious that she wanted to feed him. 
Instead of answering, George took the fork from Dawn's hand and poked a piece of scrambled eggs. 
Dawn stared at him as he held the fork in front of her mouth. 
"That's your food. I had breakfast already.", she said. 
George smiled a little. "It's custom for a werewolf to feed his mate first. Allow me to do this, Dawn. It's a gesture to show that I will take care of you." And he also had an inexplicable urge to feed her. 
Dawn's eyes opened wide to the point of hurting and her lips parted to accept his offering. He said that he will take care of her, another indirect confirmation that he was OK with her being his mate. 
Was she worthy of being Commander's mate? The Moon Goddess seemed to think so. 
Dawn didn't want to appear like a weak Omega. Commander's mate needs to show some backbone. 
She took the spoon and scooped a piece of scrambled eggs. 
"And I want to take care of you in return.", she said while holding the spoon in front of his mouth. 
George looked at Dawn with a complex expression and his heart cracked a little. He realized how this was the way it was supposed to be from the beginning. If Marcy didn't reject him, they would take care of each other… but she did reject him, and now he didn't feel anything when he thought about her. Actually, his wolf protested. 
George opened his mouth and Dawn pushed the spoon in there, smiling happily when the utensil came out clean. She really wanted to be that spoon and to get into his mouth, so that he can touch her with his tongue… Naughty thoughts. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 385 - Learning About Each Other
Chapter 385 – Learning About Each Other
In the hallway… 
Talia jumped in fright when she felt someone fondling her ass and she whipped her head to see Damon grinning at her. 
Damon finished talking to Travis a while ago and he expected Talia to come down, and when she didn't, his patience ran out quickly and he went to investigate. He didn't expect to see Talia sticking to the door and he couldn't stop himself from teasing her. 
It was obvious that she was peeping through the crack on the door of George's room. What were Talia and Dawn up to? And where was Dawn? 
Damon was not aware of this playful side of Talia. Every day he learned more about his adorable mate and he couldn't wait to see what else she had in store for him. 
"What are you doing?", Damon asked in a hushed voice. 
"Mates", Talia mouthed and pointed excitedly toward the door. 
Damon's eyebrows shoot up and he craned his neck to see through the crack of the door above Talia. 
And sure, there it was… George and Dawn were sitting on the bed with a tray of food between them, and they were feeding each other. 
A big smile bloomed on Damon's face. He didn't care if they were mates or not. The only thing on Damon's mind was that with George awake, one of his problems disappeared. 
George was not a kid who can be swindled, and he was definitely not a fun-hungry teenager. 
But the most important thing was that Damon knew George's secret, and that went beyond George and Marcy breaking their mate bond. If the wrong people knew that the Alpha of the Frostcrest pack was alive and kicking, heads would roll. 
The point here was that Damon would rather collude with a person he had something on, and he had something big on George. 
Without any shame, Damon briefly knocked on the door and pushed it open. 
Dawn bolted to her feet and bowed her head. "Alpha!" She looked like a kid who was caught doing mischief. 
Damon waved at Dawn. "Continue what you were doing." 
Damon spoke to George. "I am glad to see you are better. I congratulate you on finding your mate. Take your time to recuperate. Let me know when you are better so we can talk. My pack Doctor would like to examine you but considering the circumstances, the doctor won't intrude." Damon glanced at Dawn who sat back on the bed, but her head was still lowered. "Dawn can inform us when is a good time for the doctor to visit. Feel free to move to the packhouse where you will be closer to amenities, and not so close to…" Damon gestured toward the hallway. He didn't want to say Marcy's name, but they all understood what he meant. 
Talia used this opportunity to approach Dawn and give her a hug. "Congratulations, Dawn. Enjoy with your mate. You deserve it." Talia winked at Dawn and mumbled congratulations to George before moving to leave the room and dragging Damon with her. 
The moment the door closed behind them, Talia asked Damon irritably, "Why did you barge in there?" He pushed the door open, and Talia was still half-bent, and if Dawn or George paid attention, they would know she was peeping. How embarrassing! 
"Are you upset that I spoiled your spying on a newly mated couple?", Damon asked with amusement in his voice. 
Talia pouted. She didn't want to peep. OK, maybe she did, but just a little bit. If they started kissing or undressing, she would definitely stop. 
By this time, Damon and Talia were downstairs. 
Damon chuckled and pulled Talia into his embrace. "I didn't know that my mate is into looking." 
Talia had no intention to admit to anything. 
"I don't know what you are saying." 
"I think you do, kitten…", Damon drawled. "Should your mate give you a good show? How about right here in the…" 
"We should head back.", Talia said with urgency. She grabbed his hand and pulled him toward the front door. "The preparations for the party will start soon and we can't let others do all the work. We should tell Steph and Zina that Dawn won't be available today, and maybe for the next few days…" 
Damon smiled helplessly and walked after Talia, allowing her to drag him with her. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
In George's room… 
"Tell me something about you.", George said while poking food with the fork for Dawn. 
"Uhm… I work in the kitchen." 
"Does that mean you are a good cook?", George asked. 
Dawn lifted her chin smugly. Cooking was her forte. "You will find out soon enough." 
"I look forward to it.", George responded. "Tell me more about you." 
Dawn shook her head. "It's your turn to share." 
George accepted the food that Dawn gave him and he chewed while thinking what would be interesting. She probably didn't want to hear about training and military stuff which was about 90% of his life. 
Eventually, he thought of something. "I don't have parents." 
Dawn's face fell as she imagined George without his parents, and then Marcy rejected him. It was a lonely picture, difficult to bear. 
George could see that Dawn was upset. Was she feeling sorry for him? 
"Don't worry about it. It happened a long time ago. They died before I could remember… Uhm… I mean…" George stumbled over his words when he realized that he only made it worse. 
The image of a lonely young man turned into an image of a lonely child, and Dawn's heart cracked. 
George felt the urgency to fix it. But what could he do? He was really not good at this type of talking with women. 
In his panic, George pushed the tray with food away and pulled Dawn into his embrace. 
Dawn stiffened for a moment, but then she relaxed against him, taking a deep breath that filled her chest with the scent of a meadow that was full of various flowers, and there were a lot of sweet clovers. 
Even through the clothes, Dawn could feel the sparks of their bond prickling her skin, and the way his hold on her tightened told her that he felt the same. 
She realized that her arms were slack next to her, and it didn't seem right, so she gingerly moved her hands around him. 
Dawn smiled when she fully embraced George. The firm muscles of his back felt good under her palms, and she couldn't believe that this was her mate. It was surreal. 
George buried his face in the crook of Dawn's neck and her scent of cinnamon made him lightheaded. It was warm and welcoming, just like the woman in his arms. He really wanted to get a taste of it, so he pressed his lips on the delicate skin of her neck and then he licked her there. 
Dawn's hairs stood on ends. 
George's embrace was solid, and he was kissing and nibbling on her neck and releasing small groans that sent pulses of need converging at her core, and she gripped his back firmly to steady herself because the whole room was spinning. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 386 - Mate’s Promise [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 386 – Mate’s Promise [Bonus Chapter]
"Dawn…", George murmured and lifted his head to look at Dawn. They were so close that their noses nearly touched. 
Dawn stared into his eyes that were getting darker by the second and she forgot how to breathe. 
Commander George was even more handsome when he was this close. And she still couldn't believe it. Just yesterday she was swooning over him as he carried suitcases out of the car. She was thinking about him as some untouchable celebrity, yet now she was almost sitting on his lap, their hips were connected and his arms were around her and her heart was beating in her throat. 
George wanted to take this slow and to get to know Dawn so that he doesn't repeat the mistake he made with Marcy. However, he could pick up the scent of Dawn's arousal and she was so adorable with her red cheeks and those delicious lips he certainly wished to devour. Was there a need to wait? 
George cupped her cheek with his palm, and he pecked her lips once, twice… every kiss was a bit longer and it stirred him to get closer, and the fact that she was kissing him back was the best thing ever. Without further delay, George deepened the kiss, greedily taking everything Dawn had to offer. 
Dawn melted into him as his tongue explored her mouth and his sweet flavors seeped into her system. 
His hand slipped under her blouse, and she jolted when addictive sparks prickled her skin low on her back. She knew where this was going, and it's not that she was not willing, but she remembered something important. 
"Wait… wait…", Dawn called between kisses and George frowned when she inched away while pulling his hand out of her blouse. 
He didn't like it. Why was she pushing him away? Is this the moment when she rejects him? It happened the last time. Marcy kissed him, and then she rejected him. 
Dawn took two deep breaths to stabilize herself before saying, "Are you OK? I mean… is your body fine?" He was lying on the bed without moving. She saw him on security feed last night and even this morning. Sure, one day in bed without food for a werewolf is not much, but the mental and emotional damages were unknown. 
George studied her expression for a few long moments before responding, "My body is fine and my wolf welcomes your proximity." 
He was about to dive for another kiss when Dawn put her fingers over his lips and asked, "Don't you want us to go to the packhouse? Or if that's not fine, we can go to my apartment?" 
George removed her hand from his face. "Why?" 
Dawn was not sure how to respond to this. Didn't he know why? Marcy was right there, in the room next door! 
"Because… Marcy is here…", Dawn said in a small voice while pointing at the door. 
George's hard expression eased. 
"She can be in the room across the hall or across the ocean. Why would I care where she is?" 
With that, George's hand landed at the back of Dawn's head, and he pulled her for another kiss. 
Dawn was swept away in another kissing frenzy, and she felt his hot palm on her waist when she remembered one more thing. 
"Wait… wait…" 
George groaned in protest. "Now what?" 
Dawn bit her lower lip guiltily and looked to the side. "The tray. Let me keep it on the side." It was right there on the bed and if she and George were about to do what she thought they were going to do, that tray will be tossed on the ground and make a mess she would need to clean later. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Dawn kept the tray on the table and turned to see George's frown directed at her. 
"Is something wrong?", Dawn asked. 
"I don't know. You tell me.", George said dryly. "Is there some other condition I need to fulfill before I can claim my mate, or are those just excuses to keep me away from you? If you are not willing, just say so. There is no need to…" 
"Is that what you are thinking?", Dawn interrupted him. 
George closed his eyes and exhaled sharply. "I don't know. What should I think? Tell me." 
Dawn's heart cracked when his insecurities splashed on her through their mate bond, reminding her that just yesterday his bond with Marcy was broken, and it seemed that he was broken also. 
She looked at him and for the first time, she didn't see the powerful and domineering Commander George. He was just George, her mate, who fed her and wanted to know things about her, and he was impossibly handsome. In addition to that, he was scarred in ways she couldn't imagine, but she knew that she had the power to make it better. 
Dawn reached for the hem of her blouse and pulled it over her head. Next, she unbuttoned her jeans and shimmied out of them while being painfully aware that George was observing her keenly. 
Dawn released a slow breath and met his gaze. 
"No excuses, George." She looked down on her body that had only a blue lacy bra and matching panties to cover her private parts. "This is me. No matter what you think that's going on, never doubt the fact that I am your mate, and I am yours. This is yours." 
George could feel her sincerity that dispersed the dark clouds from his mind. 
He pushed himself off the bed and in one swift move he removed his t-shirt. 
Dawn's eyes widened at the sight of his muscle-packed torso, and she swallowed a mouthful of air when she realized that he was less than a step away from her. 
This was the first time for them to stand so close in front of each other, and Dawn realized how tall he was, and how broad his shoulders were… he looked like a mountain. 
George's hand went up in slow motion and he run his thumb over her lower lip. "Dawn Shaw, from today onward, you are mine. As your mate and your partner, I will take care of you. That's a promise." 
Dawn was not sure if she heard him right. "Shaw? That's not my name." 
George's lips lifted into a smile. "It will be after I mark you." His hand moved to Dawn's left, and he touched with the tips of his fingers the base of her neck. "You will carry my mark, and you will carry my pups. Mine." 
Dawn's heart was beating so violently, that she thought it will come out of her chest. 
Shaw. George Shaw. Dawn Shaw. She liked it. 
He will give her his last name, his mark, and his pups… their pups. Dawn could feel arousal swelling within her at the thought of them making babies. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 387 - Cinnamon And Clover (1)
Chapter 387 – Cinnamon And Clover (1)
George admired the sight of Dawn's breasts rising and falling as she breathed. Her blue lacy bra hugged her curves perfectly and the color matched her eyes. It was like it was made for her. 
He licked his lips while imagining what her nipples look like, and how they will feel on his tongue. Would it taste like cinnamon? He knew that he could remove that bra easily and confirm, but part of him enjoyed the guessing game. 
Dawn's nipples were just like Dawn herself; a mystery, something he was yet to uncover, but he knew it was his. 
George pinched Dawn's chin with this thumb and index finger and lifted her head and he took his time memorizing her features. Light blue eyes with a hint of gray… small nose… pinkish lips… and adorable freckles that created an intricate pattern on her nose and cheeks that were now rosy because she was flustered. 
George's wolf was stirring impatiently, urging him to get closer to mate, and George was happy to confirm that every spark of their bond prickling his fingers was gradually mending his cracked soul, and embedding pieces of Dawn as part of George's new normal. 
It was faint at first, but now George was confident that thanks to Dawn's presence, his wolf was getting stronger by the second, and so was George. Will they return to the state they were before Marcy's rejection? George was not sure, but this phenomenon confirmed that Dawn was much more than his light. She was his lifeline, his everything. 
While George studied Dawn's features, her eyes moved lower to look at the tattoo that was on the left side of his chest. 
The design was elegant with a fully open lily flower in the middle and branches spreading on the sides with buds on it. Two swallows with forked tails were facing the lily, and there was a patch close to George's armpit that looked like clouds. It was delicate and curvy, and Dawn thought how it wouldn't fit a fierce warrior. And below it were two letters, E and C. 
George was watching her, and he could see her brows coming together in a frown. 
"What is it?", he asked. Did she not approve of his tattoo? Or was something else going on in her pretty head? 
"Those letters…", Dawn said in a small voice. "Are they… for a… woman?" 
George glanced down and responded flatly, "One of them is." 
Dawn pressed her lips into a line. She didn't like the idea of a memory of some woman being etched onto his body. 
George's expression didn't change when he said, "Eliana and Conor. My parents." He did it to serve as a silent reminder of what he was doing. Revenge. 
Dawn's eyes widened for a moment, and she cursed herself silently. Was she jealous of his mother? 
George leaned on her left and his breath splashed on her ear as he murmured, "I love that you are possessive of me. It tells me you don't want to share me. I feel the same about you." 
Dawn moved to see George's face and she examined him while wondering if that was true or if he was just saying it to make her feel better. 
"You do?", she asked. The thought of such an exquisite specimen thinking of her as his, and not willing to share, was fantastic. 
George took Dawn's right hand and placed it on his chest. Her palm prickled with sparks of their bond, but even with that, she could feel his strong heartbeat. 
"I lost hope that I will see the light, but then you came. I have no intention of letting go, Dawn. As long as you don't abandon what we have, I will go through any storm for you." 
A million butterflies exploded in her stomach, making her all giddy and she feared that she might throw up. 
His words were extremely stimulating, and it was all enhanced by the fact that she was just in her underwear, standing a fraction away from her smoking-hot half-naked mate. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Dawn's hands moved around George's neck, and she got on her toes, boldly going to claim lips that were begging to be kissed, and George was happy to respond ardently because he also craved for deeper intimacy with his newly found mate. 
Dawn closed her eyes when their lips connected, and she laced her fingers in his hair that curled a bit. 
His stubble prickled her skin, a stark contrast to his velvety lips that devoured her hungrily, and she wouldn't want it any other way. 
George's arms wrapped around Dawn, and he pulled her into a firm embrace, closing the tiniest gaps between their bodies. 
Dawn gasped upon contact as addictive sparks danced everywhere they touched, and she loved it. Was it too soon to say that she loved him? 
Dawn was lost in the emotions that overloaded her system, and she didn't realize that he was pushing her to move backward until her back hit the door. 
She felt the loss of him on her lips when he started trailing kisses along her jaw, and she gripped his back while his tongue created magic circles on her neck. 
She bit her lips in anticipation. Will he mark her now? 
But he didn't. 
His lips traced the edge of her bra, teasing her breasts and she couldn't wait for them to move faster so she reached to the back to undo the buckles and remove that pesky fabric. 
"Don't…", he said. "Not yet." 
Slightly disappointed, Dawn nodded obediently and waited to see what he will do next. 
His hands moved on her sides, trailing the curve of her waist, and then he hooked his fingers at the edge of her panties and paused. He looked at Dawn, silently asking if this was OK, and her smile told him that he can continue. 
Dawn had no idea why he asked for consent. She was sure that he can smell her arousal. 
George was ively handsome, and the mate bond charged with addictive sparks was only making this several folds better. Even if they were not mates, Dawn wouldn't mind hooking up with George. After all, she was fangirling over Geroge from the moment she laid her eyes on him, and sex is not a big deal for werewolves, except when it came to mates, and this exquisite specimen IS her mate. Isn't she a lucky girl? 
Dawn moved her legs as the delicate fabric slid down to her ankles and George got on his knees with it. 
He kept her panties on the side carefully, like he was afraid that he will damage them somehow. 
She thought that he will come up, but he stayed down there, and her face flushed when she realized that he was staring at her crotch area. She hoped that he liked the view, because just a few days ago she did a Brazilian, leaving only one narrow strip right in the middle, that ended above the spot where her folds start. 
George looked up at Dawn and gave her a wicked smile that made her heart skip a beat. 
He approved. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 388 - Cinnamon And Clover (2)
Chapter 388 – Cinnamon And Clover (2)
Dawn stared at George as he inched closer to her and he took a deep breath, obviously taking in the scent of her arousal. 
"Cinnamon…", he murmured. 
Cinnamon? Dawn thought how that was odd. Why would he talk about the cinnamon rolls she brought for him? They were still on the plate. She would be happy if he ate pastries she personally made, but what's with this timing? 
As if he could sense her confusion, George clarified, "You smell of cinnamon. The delicious kind." He gave her another sniff. "There is some honeyed sweetness, like an apple pie with cinnamon." 
Dawn saw George lick his lips and she understood that he wanted to eat, and the food was her. In an instant, her arousal swelled through the roof, and she feared that her juices will drip down her legs. That would be embarrassing. 
She inhaled a shaky breath. "Clover." 
"What?" 
"Your scent is like a meadow full of flowers, but the sweet scent of clover stands out.", she explained. 
After a brief pause, George hummed in approval. "Did you know that every part of clover is edible?" He learned that as part of survival training. 
Dawn didn't know that, but she thought it made sense because George looked edible. 
George's attention was back to the strip of her pubic hair, and he traced it with his index finger, like a child who never saw such a thing. George saw them bushy, neatly trimmed, and completely waxed, but this was new. It was like a landing strip, directing him to the destination. 
As a werewolf, Dawn was used to nudity. However, in front of George, she felt exposed, and she wanted to cover her crotch area because he was taking his sweet time inspecting her like he had never seen a woman. It made her jittery. But the last time Dawn took initiative, George thought she was pushing him away, and she didn't want him to get the wrong idea because she was absolutely smitten with her mate, and she really wanted to roll in the sheets with him, and she knew it will happen, so there was no need to rush no matter how eager she was. She stood with her back leaning on the door and waited to see what he will do next. 
George's hot palms ran up and down Dawn's legs as if he was memorizing them, and then he grabbed her right leg, behind her knee, and hooked her leg on his shoulder. 
George hoped that Dawn won't pick up on how nervous he was. 
He was not an inexperienced guy, but the reality was that in the past, women were pleasuring him, and this time, he wanted to do something different. 
George never thought much about eating pussy, but Dawn smelled delicious, like a dessert, and saliva pooled in his mouth as he imagined her taste. 
George reached with his hand and spread her folds with the tips of his fingers to reveal a delicate pink flesh that was glistening with juices Dawn's body released. 
His urge to lick her there swelled. 
Dawn couldn't believe that this was happening. Handsome Commander George was on his knees, holding her right leg up and caressing her down there. It was electrifying. 
The only problem was that she was technically standing on one leg, without anything firm to hold onto. She grabbed the door handle, that was the best she could do. 
When he was done with the visual inspection, George's fingers moved between Dawn's folds. 
"Ahh…", Dawn released a soft sigh and George smirked. 
George inched closer and gave her a lick. His eyes flashed when he identified sweetness. 
Without any warning, he buried his face between her legs and started exploring her with his tongue. 
"Oh, God!", Dawn exclaimed. 
It was not the first time for a man to go down on her, but his every touch was charged with thrilling sparks of their bond that shook all her pleasure centers. 
George growled into Dawn's flesh when she fisted his hair with the force that made it sting, but it only spurred him to lick her more. 
Her taste reminded him of a filling for the apple pie that was made with cinnamon, brown sugar, and a hint of nutmeg, and baked to perfection. Everything about Dawn was perfect, made for him. 
Dawn's whole body shook, and she almost fell but then George grabbed her buttocks and supported her. 
Somehow, he knew what she wanted, so he licked her harder in long mighty strokes that sent cataclysmic sensations through her body in the rhythm his tongue set. 
Dawn's breathing became choppy, and he latched his lips around her clit and started sucking. 
Dawn's eyes rolled at the back of her head. 
'BANG!' 
Dawn's head slammed against the door behind her, but she didn't notice because the whole world was spinning, and she felt like floating. 
He wanted to ask if she was OK. That was quite a hit. But she was still moaning, so he continued with his ministrations. 
"George… Yes! Yes! Fuck!… Yeah!…", Dawn shouted without any shame, and it all stopped abruptly when her body spasmed, and an intense orgasm rendered her unable to breathe. 
George groaned as Dawn's emotions spilled onto him, and he really wanted to put his cock inside her, but he was also glad to know how good he made her feel. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Dawn blinked herself into reality, and she realized that she was lying on the bed with George sitting by her side. The last thing she remembered, she was at the door. How did she get to bed? Did she pass out? 
George flicked her blue lacy bra on the floor and observed her completely naked form. 
Her nipples were right there, waiting for him to tease them, but he controlled that urge. For now. 
He knew how she was feeling, but he still asked, "Did you like it?" 
"Very much", she said breathily. 
Somehow, her acknowledgment that he could satisfy her made him proud like he accomplished something monumental. 
Dawn glanced at his crotch area, and she could see that his erection was straining his jeans. 
She licked her lips subconsciously. 
"Can I…? To you…?" 
Dawn had no idea why she asked, but she felt that since George asked for permission to undress her, she should do the same. 
George caressed her face that looked so small compared to his palm. 
He was not a stranger to women pleasuring him, but this time he wanted something else. 
"You can but I wish you don't.", he said. Seeing her confused expression, George explained, "For our first time, I want to make you feel good. Can I?" 
Dawn nodded in agreement. How can she say no to that? 
The truth was that George really wanted to plow her pussy and get balls deep inside her, and if she gives him a blow job, it will only delay what he truly wanted to do. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 389 - Cinnamon And Clover (3) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 389 – Cinnamon And Clover (3) [Bonus Chapter]
Author's note: 
Here is a shoutout to BFD_80! 
Thank you, BFD_80, for the Magic Castle gifted on February 23, 2022! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
– – – 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel…  
– – – 
George stood up and Dawn gulped a mouthful of air when he started removing his pants. 
He had no problems showing off his physique, and he approved of the way Dawn stared at his muscular legs and his cock that was hard and ready. 
Her insides tightened at the thought of that big thing stretching her in unimaginable ways. She was nervous. 
George crawled on the bed above Dawn, and only then she realized that both of them were completely naked. 
He spread her legs with his knees and her breathing became choppy. Was this really happening? 
Dawn dated a few guys and had a few hookups. As the prelude to sex, they would go to the Shifters nightclub or some other party. The mood would be good, alcohol would make it better, and this was totally different. 
It was almost mechanical like they followed some invisible script. What if she messes up? 
This was not just any guy. This was Commander George, her mate. What if she disappoints him? 
Would he prefer if she was inexperienced? She heard that some guys prefer only pure, untouched girls. 
Or should she show him a few moves she learned along the way? 
Unaware of Dawn's internal conflicts, George was focused on Dawn's breasts, and he took a moment to decide on which one to suck first. The left one won. 
The moment George's lips latched around Dawn's areola and his tongue caressed her nipple, electrifying sparks of their bond shoot through Dawn's body and she forgot about her insecurities. 
Her hands moved from his shoulders into his hair and then glided over his back. She couldn't reach his ass because his body was too low, so she went back to fisting his hair. 
By the time he moved to her other breast, Dawn was completely under his spell and the throbbing void at her core demanded to be filled. 
"George…", she called breathily. "Please." 
He looked up at her. "Please, what?" 
Dawn squirmed under him in frustration. He knew very well what she wanted. Did she need to say it? 
She was about to tell him to fuck her, but she realized how that was not right. She wanted much more than sex, because just sex was not enough. Not with George. 
"Make me yours…", she said, and George's face lit up with delight. 
In one swift move, he propped himself higher and kissed her on the lips. The kiss was slow and deep, with a lot of tongue and just a bit of teeth, and it told her how much he wanted her. 
His torso pressed on hers to maximize the surface where their bodies connected and both of them relished the sparks that were urging them to get closer, much closer than they were. 
In unhurried, rhythmical movements, George's hips moved, and his cock glided between her drenched folds, charging them both with arousal and anticipation of what's to come. 
His insides trembled and he was not sure if that was from Dawn, his wolf, or maybe he was nervous. Why would he be nervous? Probably because this was Dawn, his mate. She was not the first woman he was about to have sex with. She was not even his first mate. However, she was the woman who accepted him, welcomed him, and she didn't even know that he was an Alpha. 
Dawn assumed George will lose his position as the commander, and she wanted to support him. Instead of shrinking away, Dawn was ready to do whatever she could, so they stay together, and she wanted to take care of him, regardless of his status. 
That selflessness and dedication were the only things he wanted from his mate. For the first time since finding out about his heritage, George didn't cringe at the idea of being an Alpha and leading a pack because he knew that Dawn will be a great Luna. 
He wanted to prove himself as worthy. 
Dawn gasped into his mouth when she felt the pressure at her entrance, and he made his way inside slowly, allowing her to fully grasp every glorious inch he was giving her. 
He looked at her face for that last inch and he loved the way her eyes clouded with lust. 
"Ah!", Dawn moaned when he jabbed himself inside her for that last fraction, and then there was a moment of complete stillness as they stared into each other's eyes. 
"Mine…", George growled, and his hips started rocking. 
George closed his eyes and acknowledged the sparks that drove him to the edge of sanity as he enjoyed profusely the sensation of Dawn's pussy gripping his cock, and he wanted it to last forever, yet he also wanted to get his release. 
"George…", Dawn called breathlessly, and he opened his eyes to look at her face that was completely flushed. Her eyes were watery, and she clutched his shoulders tightly, and the whole experience was out of this world. 
'Mates', George thought. That one word held so much weight, but only after meeting Dawn, he understood that it describes the feeling of belonging he never experienced before. 
"Dawn… Dawn…", he murmured while kissing her sloppily, her flavors of cinnamon muddled with his mind, and he could feel his wolf urging him to increase the pace of his thrusts and claim his mate completely. 
Dawn was a mess. 
She was still reeling in the reality that George was her mate, and now he was inside her, and the friction came with sparks that shot into her brain violently, making her think only about the man who was holding onto her like he never wanted to let go, and she hoped that he never will. 
George moved to kiss and suck on her neck, and she felt the pressure building up as her orgasm was approaching. 
"George… George…", she called his name wantonly and he never heard anything more seductive in his life. 
Dawn's eyes rolled at the back of her head when he increased the pace, and she was right there at the edge of a cliff beyond which rapture waited for her when she felt a stinging pain in her neck. 
"Ah… Geo… ah… ugh… Geor… mmm… ah…", she cried unintelligibly. 
Her breath was choppy, and her brain refused to work. 
Dawn was overstimulated. George's body was pressing on hers, his hands held her body in place, and he was still thrusting inside her, giving her that final nudge toward the orgasm that was amplified by the scorching pain that spread from her neck to the rest of her body. 
Dawn squirmed under him, and George held her tightly while releasing his venom into her system. 
George muffled his groan into her neck when her insides coiled around his shaft and his ass buckled when he found his release. Every squirt of his hot seed came with an ecstatic sensation that was out of this world and he didn't want to stop movements of his hips. 
Eventually, George unlatched himself from Dawn's neck. He checked her face to see that she was red and gasping for air, but the silly grin on her face told him she was fine. 
He looked at her neck that had two streams of blood and his chest swelled with pride. That's where his mark will form. 
George licked her neck to help the wounds heal and Dawn's body jerked every time his tongue touched her there. It was super-sensitive. 
He was proud of his handiwork and his wolf jumped from joy in his mind, and it took some time for George to realize that he was releasing his Alpha aura uncontrollably. He was happy to confirm that Dawn was not affected. Was it because of his mark? Or because they were mates? 
"George…", Dawn called when she found her voice. "Did you mark me?" She clearly felt the bite and the scorching sensation, and she also knew that their bond was much stronger than before, but she still wanted a confirmation. 
His smile reached his eyes. "Mine." 
Dawn opened her mouth to say something, but George's hips started moving again and her head plopped backward into the pillows, and she forgot what she wanted to say. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 390 - News About Dawn’s Availability
Chapter 390 – News About Dawn’s Availability
In the packhouse… 
Damon went to the study to deal with his matters, and Talia took on herself to deliver news about Dawn's absence. She wanted to do it in person, and Damon was glad that Talia took that task because he didn't want to tell Stephanie that one of her best helpers won't be around for a while. 
Damon mind-linked Stephanie and confirmed that she was in the kitchen, so Talia knew where to go. 
To Talia's surprise, it was not only Stephanie, but Zina, Ivy, and Lily were also there. 
"What do you mean, we should proceed without Dawn?", Zina asked. 
Zina, Ivy, Lily, and Dawn had plans to go to Darkbourne and enjoy sweets, and Dawn told them to go without her and she will catch up. However, when they finished work and saw how late it was, they decided to wait for Dawn so they can go together. 
But Talia came without Dawn and said that Dawn won't come. How can Zina not be curious? 
Stephanie was alerted. Normally, Stephanie wouldn't poke her nose in other people's business, but Talia said this like it was something important. Did Alpha Damon give Dawn an important task? Despite her goofy and playful nature, Dawn was one of the responsible Omegas in the packhouse, and considering that they had not only lunch but also a big party coming, Stephanie was counting on Dawn's presence. 
"When will Dawn be available?", Stephanie asked. 
"Uhm…", Talia was not sure how to answer this question. "Probably not today." 
"Where is she? How come I can't contact her through mind-link?", Zina spoke with urgency. 
Talia realized that she will need to reveal more information. Well, here it goes. "Dawn found her mate." 
All four women stared at Talia and wondered if they heard her right. 
"That's wonderful!", Stephanie was first to recover. No matter how much help she needed, she was really happy for Dawn. 
Ivy and Lily bounced in place and clapped from excitement. 
Zina was the only one with a strange expression. A mate? Zina knew very well where Talia and Dawn went. She went there last night. Unless Dawn's mate is a bear or some other forest creature, there was no way Dawn found her mate during that trip. 
Sure, there were soldiers patrolling the area and safeguarding that house, but Zina and Dawn made several visits to the places where soldiers gather and if Dawn's mate was there, she would find him. 
"Who is it?", Zina's question put the focus of attention back to Talia. 
Talia wished that Zina asked this in private, but everyone would find out sooner or later, so it didn't matter. 
"Commander George." 
Ivy and Lily pressed their hands over their lips to suppress their squeals. They got a few peeks at the handsome commander, and they knew that Dawn scored a jackpot. 
"What?", Zina asked Talia in disbelief. Maybe others didn't know, but Zina knew that Dawn saw George more than once since they came here, and they were close. And didn't George just got ditched by Marcy? 
Talia saw invisible question marks above Zina's head, and she wanted to gesture to her silly friend to ask more later, but she couldn't do that discretely, so Talia decided to give them an acceptable version. 
"Yes, Commander George.", Talia confirmed. "As you know, Dawn went with us to help carry things for our meal in the forest, and we met him along the way. They are now…" Talia made a knowing expression. "Getting to know each other." 
When Talia said how George and Dawn met in the forest, Zina realized how that lie was a warning for her to stop asking questions. She felt guilty for letting her curiosity take over and nearly spill the beans. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"I can't believe her luck.", Zina said while shaking her head. She turned to Ivy and Lily. "Ladies, how about instead of sweets we go drinking?" 
"No!", Stephanie exclaimed. "I need you here back in one hour, with clear heads. You can drink after we are done with the party tonight." 
Zina rolled her eyes dramatically. "I didn't mean that we should get drunk. It was just to celebrate. My best friend found her mate. I should be happy for her and not sad because I will be all alone…" Zina's chin shivered. 
Talia's heart cracked and she gave Zina a hug. 
Talia patted Zina's back. "There, there… Dawn finding her mate doesn't mean you lost her." 
Zina sniffled. "I know you are saying that only to comfort me. Between silly me and a hunk who can give her endless orgasms, Dawn's choice will be obvious, and I won't blame her… but I will miss her." 
Talia was not sure if she should laugh or cry. 
"And there is the issue of different packs.", Lily chimed in. Ivy was tugging on Lily's hand to get her to stop talking, but it was too late, as words already slipped from Lily's lips, "Considering Commander George's status, Dawn will definitely go to the Red Moon pack…" 
"Waaah!", Zina wailed loudly and buried her face in Talia's shoulder. 
Talia didn't like this. Not the Zina dramatically crying, but the idea of Dawn going to the Red Moon pack. That was not a good place. They treated Omegas horribly, and outsiders even worse. 
Talia knew that George is actually an Alpha, but with him concealing his identity, Dawn will be treated like some low-level servant. Talia could see Anna and her bunch of bullies ganging on Dawn. And Anna was just one of many. 
How can that be OK? 
Talia decided to talk about this with Damon. As an Alpha, Damon should be able to find a solution that will prevent Dawn from going to that wretched place and keep her with George. 
"Calm down…", Talia said to Zina while patting her back. "Crying won't help anything." And she knew that Zina was overreacting. "You should go to Darkbourne and have those sweets you were planning to have. Chocolate will make you feel good." Talia knew this from her latest science lesson where she learned that chocolate increases the level of serotonin, a neurotransmitter that makes a person feel good. So, Talia's addiction to Damon went beyond just his impossibly good looks and sparks of their bond. Damon was truly addictive, like chocolate. Her chocolate. 
At the thought of going to Darkbourne, Talia realized that Maya, Mindy, and Kalina were there also, and Damon was swamped with work, and she didn't have anything pressing at the moment other than her worry about Dawn, so… "I will join you to town.", Talia said to Zina. "I want to meet up with Maya." Seeing that Stephanie gave her a queer look, Talia added, "They are finalizing some things for the party, and I want to see if I can help." 
Stephanie nodded in approval. At least someone was thinking about the party. 
Of course, Talia had her motives. Her girlfriends knew about George's condition, and they might have some ideas about Dawn's situation. Maya and Mindy are endless sources of unusual solutions. 
Talia had only one problem. Damon. 
He struggled to let her go to the kitchen without him, how will he let her go to town on her own? 
Damon didn't restrict her movements, but he wanted to keep an eye on her. He was always iffy about not having Talia nearby, and since he found out that Lisa spread the information about how Talia came from the Red Moon pack, he was on pins and needles. 
Talia hoped that Damon's overprotectiveness will ease once he reveals they are mates, and people know she is his Luna, but on the other hand, she feared that his behavior might escalate. 
She really wanted to go to town, and she needed a plan… and then she saw Stephanie. 
"Steph, can you mind-link Damon that I'm heading to town with Zina, Ivy, and Lily?" 
"Sure, dear.", Stephanie said without missing a beat. 
"Wait!", Talia exclaimed when she saw that Steph was about to do it right now. "Can you tell him when we leave? Give us a minute or two head start…" Talia hoped that Damon will understand that she is not alone, not in danger, and won't come rushing after her to cause a scene. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 391 - Rumors About Damon’s Luna
Chapter 391 – Rumors About Damon’s Luna
In the dungeon… 
Lieutenant Klark gathered everyone in the dining room that was getting crowded with more than twenty people in it. Not everyone had a place to sit, as they would take turns eating, so now some of them were standing in the back. 
Klark had an important thing to announce, "Alpha Damon is hosting a party in the packhouse for Elders and other officials of the pack." 
Among twenty warriors present, Lisa stood in the back. 
Lisa was NOT in a good mood. 
Since she arrived at this horrid place, she was soaking and scraping and wiping, and even though she was wearing rubber gloves, her nails broke, and her skin looks like she was fifty years old! To make things worse, they were expecting her to cook! 
Lisa knew she was in trouble because those were stern-faced warriors and she feared that she won't have a good ending if she gives them food poisoning. 
She tried to explain that she is not much of a cook, but they accused her of avoiding work with, "Every Omega knows how to cook." 
Well, she was obviously not like all other Omegas, but no one would listen to reason, and they looked at her strangely when she said how she never cooked, other than some limited experience her mother forced on her. When Lieutenant Klark said how she was courting time in the dungeon cell, Lisa piped it down. 
Luckily, last night they had leftovers from lunch, so she reheated those and added some scrambled eggs, and no one suspected a thing. 
For breakfast, they brought fresh bread from the town, and she made simple sandwiches and coffee while saying that due to all the cleaning, she doesn't have much time to prepare an elaborate meal. 
They let it pass, but Lisa was not sure how long she can drag this. 
Lisa felt like crying. She hated cleaning and she hated cooking even more. No one EVER expected her to do these things, but now she was stuck between a rock and a hard place. 
The worst part was that Lieutenant Klark confirmed in front of many warriors how Lisa was free to leave once the cleaning was done, and after slaving for the whole day, she was done only with the first cell! There were thirty cells on the second level, and considering that there are two more levels below, Lisa feared that this might take years. YEARS! 
By the time she finishes all of them, the first ones will get dusty! 
Lisa wondered, how come they don't have a dedicated cleaning crew for these things? She wanted to ask Lieutenant Klark about it, but she couldn't find the right timing. 
Lisa was so exhausted last night that she plopped on the bed and slept like a log. Through the haze of her sleep, Lisa thought that she heard a female voice screaming how she doesn't belong in the dungeon and that she was there by mistake. 
"Yeah, join the club…", Lisa mumbled before she continued sleeping. 
Was that a dream? Or did a noisy female really end up in the dungeon? 
Even if that was real, Lisa had no sympathy for the woman who cried in the middle of the night how she was wronged. Did she need to clean? No. Lisa would rather sit in the dungeon than do this wretched work. Well, in a clean dungeon, not in a dirty one. 
With Lieutenant Klark calling them to gather, Lisa hoped he will say that all this was a big joke and she can leave, or at least some of these bulky guys to help with cleaning, but instead, he spoke about a party at the packhouse. What nonsense was that? Was he rubbing it in how Damon, Talia, and others were enjoying while Lisa was slaving there? 
"How does that impact us?", one warrior asked what was on Lisa's mind and she was glad that she didn't need to ask because everyone looked at her strangely when she would ask questions. 
"We are aware of the strained relationship between our Alpha and senior leadership of the pack. This is an obvious sign of their relationship improving…", Klark said and lowered his voice, "And there are hints that soon we might get a Luna." 
After Maya, Talia, Kalina, Mindy, Marcy, and Nora had lunch in town on the previous day, the whole Darkbourne was buzzing how their Alpha found them a Luna. 
The warriors exploded into excited murmurs. Luna was a big deal. 
"Quiet!", Lieutenant Pete (aka second in command) exclaimed, and the chatter stopped abruptly. "The information about the party is official, but about Luna is not. Keep that among yourselves until we get confirmation. Is that understood?" 
"YES, SIR!", they roared in unison and Lisa shrunk. She didn't expect they will be so loud. 
"But we are going to celebrate.", Lieutenant Klark said. "Jules! Ron!" 
Two warriors stepped forward, and Klark continued, "The two of you will go to Darkbourne to get some drinks and meat for everyone. Tonight, we will have a barbecue. You leave in five minutes." 
"Understood!", two warriors said in unison, and the crowd dispersed. 
Lisa looked around while feeling a bit relaxed. With barbecue for dinner, they won't ask her to cook. 
She looked at Jules and Ron dejectedly. How come they get to leave, and she was stuck to clean? 
Suddenly, Lisa got an idea. 
She approached Klark. "Lieutenant Klark", she called sweetly. "Can I go with them?" 
"With Jules and Ron?", Klark asked and when Lisa confirmed, he asked, "Why?" 
"I can help them buy stuff, and also… when I came here I didn't know I would be staying longer. I want to stop by my place and pick up a few necessities." 
Klark had a feeling Lisa wanted to avoid work or maybe to escape altogether, but it didn't make sense. Even if she relaxes instead of working, that idle time will only prolong how long she will stay here, and with warriors accompanying her, she won't get a chance to escape. They are all guarding prisoners for a reason. No one escapes. 
Well, if she really wanted just that, it won't be a problem. And if she wanted to give them a slip, she will find out how that's not an option. 
"Sure. You can go with them.", Klark said, and Lisa smiled brightly. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Lisa was happy that after only a small hike through the forest, they got into a car for the rest of their journey. Walking all the way back would be a problem. 
"Do you know who the future Luna is?", Lisa started chit chat while Jules was driving. She knew that Marcy was about to arrive, but after considering how Damon was treating Talia, Lisa wanted confirmation. 
"Lieutenant Klark told us to keep it to ourselves.", Ron reminded her. "We shouldn't spread or encourage gossip about Alpha." 
Lisa rolled her eyes. "Aren't I one of you? At least while I'm on this task. Besides, it's not spreading if it stays between us." 
Ron thought about how it makes sense. Luna was a big deal and he already talked about it with other guys, so… "Yesterday, a group of women had lunch in town. Beta Maya, Kalina from the Lightclaw pack, and Mindy from the Blue River pack were there. The main person was Marcy from the Red Moon pack. Everyone knows that she has her eyes on Alpha Damon, and with her eating in such a high-profile manner, things seem to be going in the right direction. Also, Alpha Damon specially sent treats. That never happened…" 
They were not wrong, except when it came to the person. Their future Luna was at that table, but it was Talia. However, the gossip and people's guesses were navigating toward Marcy. 
Lisa listened to every word hungrily and she let out a long sigh. 
Of course. Marcy, the princess of the Red Moon pack. Why else would Damon accept someone who was not his fated mate? 
They were having lunch in town and enjoying, while Lisa was stuck with dirty work. 
Dejection swelled within Lisa. 
If she had a noble background, would Tony mark her the moment she turned eighteen years old? If that happened, he wouldn't get to recognize Kalina as his mate, and Lisa wouldn't end up cleaning the fucking dungeon! 
Lisa thought about Talia and that made her feel a bit better. Talia was discarded, just like Lisa. Lisa thought how that was something they had in common. Actually, Talia had it worse because Damon ditched her in favor of Marcy who was not even his fated mate. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 392 - Hiding One’s Aura (1) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 392 – Hiding One’s Aura (1) [Bonus Chapter]
Author's note: 
Here is a shoutout to blackfirerose! 
Thank you, blackfirerose, for the Magic Castle gifted on March 1, 2022! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
– – – 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel…  
– – – 
Darkbourne… 
Lisa accompanied Jules and Ron to the butcher shop that was on the main street. She didn't want to do this chore, but it was better than cleaning the damned dungeon. 
Per Lisa's insistence, they went first to Lisa's apartment. Lisa needed many things from there, but she mostly hoped to see her mother and figure out a way to get her out of that dungeon-cleaning task. 
Lisa wanted to talk to Stephanie in person because her mother closed off the mind-link, and she wouldn't pick up the phone either. 
Lisa couldn't believe the timing. Was Stephanie aware that her only daughter ended up doing that shitty job? 
How Lisa saw this, Stephanie worked in the packhouse since Alpha Damon took over as the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack; and even before that, Stephanie was friends with Damon's mother, and Lisa knew that Stephanie was one of the few people who were close to Damon, close enough that she can mind-link him directly. 
Surely, Stephanie can ask for a simple favor like getting some other Omegas to clean that horrid place so that Lisa can get out of there. 
Lisa only needed to clarify this big misunderstanding and she could go back to her life that didn't include scraping dried blood from between bricks. 
Lisa eagerly looked at the apartment building as they approached it. She didn't like it when they moved in there, but after more than a day in that dark and stinky place, the building in front of her looked like a glitzy palace. 
"You don't need to wait for me.", Lisa told Jules and Ron when they exited the car with her. "You can get drinks and meat and come pick me up when done. By then, I will pack my necessities." 
Lisa wouldn't dare to give them a slip, but she wanted privacy with her mother, and she also planned to shower and get that dungeon-stench out of her hair. 
"We are not pressured for time.", Jules responded with a friendly smile. "Lieutenant Klark told us to stick around and help you if needed." 
Lisa was surprised that so far silent Jules was the one talking. His eyes were icy, despite his smile, and she understood that she won't get any privacy. What the hell!? 
She cursed Klark silently. It was all his doing! 
Ron and Jules went with Lisa to her apartment and waited in the living room. 
Unfortunately, Stephanie was not there, so Lisa had no excuses to delay. She grabbed a carry-on suitcase and put inside a few changes of clothes and some cosmetic products. 
Since Lisa and Stephanie moved into that apartment recently, she had all those things handy. Actually, Lisa didn't even unpack fully. She hoped that current living arrangements were temporary and they will return to the packhouse. 
Lisa was done in less than fifteen minutes, and Ron said, "You were quick. If we went to do get drinks and food, you would end up sitting and waiting for us." 
Lisa gave him a stiff smile in response. She wouldn't wait for them! She would do other things! But she didn't dare to complain. 
She managed to leave a quick note for her mother, hoping that Stephanie will come to find her in the dungeon. They needed to talk! 
Lisa was confident that her current predicament was the result of some mix-up. Surely, her mother won't allow her to suffer like that. Stephanie always doted on her and came whenever Lisa called. 
… 
The store where they got liquor was in a side street with nothing eventful around it. However, the butcher shop was opposite the town square, so Lisa got a good view of what was going on there. 
It was a bright sunny day, with the sun climbing up as noon was approaching, but it was still not too hot to enjoy outside. 
Pop music was drifting from somewhere, carried by the breeze. It was not loud, but the beats mixed with melodious voices were clearly heard. 
People lingered in front of the boutiques and looked at display windows. Some teens were sitting on the benches in the shade of a few trees that were arranged around the tall clock tower, eating ice cream and telling stories that would make them burst into laughter. And then there were people at tables in front of local cafes that served beverages and snacks. 
The atmosphere was lively and harmonious. 
People were chatting, laughing, enjoying their lives… and Lisa was stuck with cleaning! 
"Are you coming?" 
Ron's question got Lisa's attention and she saw him gesturing toward the door of the butcher shop. 
"Can you go without me?", Lisa asked. "I will be here and soak in the sun. I didn't get to enjoy the warmth since I arrived…" Lisa swallowed her next words when she saw Jules frowning at her. 
Lisa got a warning not to reveal how they are on duty at the dungeon because someone might overhear and follow them. The location of the dungeon was not really top-secret, but they wanted to avoid outsiders finding out about it. 
If humans heard something like 'dungeon', they might come to investigate because their lifestyles differ from the ones werewolves have, and the most important rule for werewolves was to conceal their existence in front of humans. 
"Stay here so we can see you.", Ron said, and he and Jules went into the butcher store. 
Lisa nodded obediently and turned back to observe the town square longingly. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the WebNovel platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Talia found her girlfriends at the sweet shop; that was where Zina, Ivy, and Lily were going. They planned to relax and enjoy delicacies, and Talia joined Mindy, Maya, and Kalina in the task related to the upcoming party. 
The middle-aged baker recognized Talia, and Talia remembered that he was Hamil, the owner of the sweet shop. 
Talia nearly jumped in joy at the sight of samples of cakes and small cookies, and Hamil gave her an extra slice of scrumptious chocolate cake. 
Hamil knew that Alpha Damon asked him to make sure Talia gets this serving in the restaurant, and when he saw Talia's bright smile as she eyed the chocolate cake, Hamil knew he made the right choice by giving her the same treat again. 
Somehow, her smile reached her eyes and lit up the whole store and Hamil's heart warmed at the thought that products of his labor can make someone genuinely happy. 
After confirming that things were as requested and on time, Mindy, Kalina, Maya, and Talia took their packets with samples and went to the local café on the town square to chat. 
This was their last stop, because Maya, Mindy, and Kalina already checked with the butcher and the party store, and they had time to linger, enjoy leftover sweets, and hear what news Talia wanted to share. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 393 - Hiding One’s Aura (2)
Chapter 393 – Hiding One’s Aura (2)
Talia went with her three girlfriends to the town square, and Maya picked where to sit. 
It was outdoor seating at a local café that offered the best Irish coffee in Darkbourne (according to Maya). They also ordered lemonade and sparkling water, to wash down the sweetness from all the cookies they brought with them from the sweetshop. 
Once the drinks arrived, and the staff provided them with utensils to indulge in sweet treats, four girlfriends started with chatter over a round table that was packed with goodies that would make anyone drool. 
Maya knew that George is an Alpha, but Mindy and Kalina didn't. However, all three of them were aware of Marcy's rejection, and Talia's news of how George's second chance was Dawn made Maya, Mindy, and Kalina pause with a variety of expressions. 
Kalina patted her chest dramatically. "Second chance mates. Finding hope when you think that there was none left. How romantic!" 
Mindy pouted. "Great! They got their second chance mate, and I didn't get my first one." 
"Maybe you didn't deserve it.", Kalina chimed in. 
"What's that supposed to mean?", Mindy snapped. 
Kalina shrugged. "You are sarcastic and living your life like you don't need a mate. If I need to guess, the Moon Goddess is either fulfilling your wish by letting you stay single, or she is preparing a nasty surprise in the form of a man who will completely dominate you and make you relinquish your independence willingly." 
Mindy was speechless. She didn't like either of those two options. 
Seeing that Talia was nodding in agreement with Kalina's words, Mindy turned to Maya. 
"Do you agree with this?" 
Maya blinked at Mindy's question. "What? Sorry, I spaced out." 
Kalina burst into giggles. "She just doesn't want to hurt your feelings." 
"Now, now…", Mindy's temper was rising as she eyed Kalina. "Don't think that I will let you bully me just because you are Tony's Luna." 
"Since when is telling the truth called bullying?", Kalina said teasingly. 
Maya didn't pay attention to the friendly spat between Kalina and Mindy. She was processing the information that Dawn was George's mate. 
With George being an Alpha, he won't wait to mark his mate, and once that happens, Dawn will get George's DNA and a boost in strength. It takes time to learn to control aura, and if they are not careful, George's secret will be revealed quickly. Sure, George's true identity won't be exposed, but Alpha's aura will attract attention and people will start digging until they find something. There are no more than a dozen of true Alphas in North America. 
"Are they in the packhouse?", Maya asked Talia in low voice. 
"The last time I saw them, they were in the other place.", Talia responded mysteriously, happy that Mindy and Kalina were bickering and not paying attention to them. 
Maya relaxed a bit. With George and Dawn staying away from the party, even if Dawn uncontrollably releases aura, no one will notice. 
But Maya couldn't stop herself from worrying because this party was getting more complicated by the second. 
"You should see them.", Talia said dreamily. "George was sitting upright, and they were feeding each other. They were genuinely happy." 
Maya nodded in agreement and took a big gulp of Irish coffee to hide her stiff expression. 
The situation with George and Dawn was only one of the things that might go wrong. 
How Maya saw it, the biggest problem were Elders who heard about yesterday's lunch, and based on the information Maya received, those old geezers were coming to the party with a mindset that Damon will introduce Marcy as his Luna. 
Initially, Maya thought that people assuming Marcy will be their Luna will be a good thing. All eyes would be on Marcy, and once Marcy shows her true colors, people will dislike her without Maya lifting a finger. 
However, the news how Lisa spread information that Talia came from the Red Moon pack messed up with their plan and they ended up rushing with this party, and Maya was not confident that things will go smoothly. 
Guests are hoping that Damon will show up with Marcy by his side, and they are preparing to bootlick Marcy, and considering that things are happening before other pieces were in place and that Marcy won't show up at all, there was a big chance that this whole thing will explode in their face. 
Damon was aware of all this, but he decided that Talia's safety comes first, and she won't be safe if pack members don't know how important she is. 
Normally, Maya would support this. From the beginning, Maya thought how keeping Talia in the dark was a mistake, but now she wished for some extension because this was NOT good timing for the grand reveal. 
Maya had a feeling that Talia showing up at the party tonight will be like throwing oil into the fire and hoping for the best. 
It would be good if Shaman Gideon makes an appearance. Everyone from the older generation respects him, and Gideon would definitely speak in favor of the mate bond. Unfortunately, he is one of the few who still didn't respond to the invitation, and that usually hinted that he won't come. 
Maya reminded herself that worrying won't accomplish anything. Things might go either way and she was unable to predict how fifty-something people will react when Damon reveals that Talia is his fated mate. 
Maya paid attention to the chatter around the table, and Maya couldn't believe that Kalina and Mindy were still bickering. 
"Hey, hey!", Maya called and spoke to Mindy. "If you want a mate, just stick to Talia." 
Talia's eyebrows shoot up in surprise. "Me?" She was eating cookies and giggling at Mindy and Kalina. Why was Maya dragging her into that? 
Maya nodded knowingly. "I never saw mates recognize each other before, yet mated couples are sprouting around you like mushrooms after rain." 
"Maybe that's Talia's power.", Kalina said with sparkles in her eyes. She always liked theories that insinuated magical stuff. Mermaids included. 
Talia bobbed her head. "Sure. But it's not just me. All of you were around. So maybe that's the power of us being together." 
Kalina liked this even more. She raised her glass of lemonade and announced, "Let's drink for mates!" 
"I don't have one.", Mindy grumbled. 
"But you will. Soon.", Maya said mysteriously. "Because we are together." 
Mindy didn't believe squat of what Maya said. 
"You think so?", Mindy asked, her words laced with sarcasm. 
Maya nodded confidently. "You are not leaving home without a mate, missy. Now raise that drink, and let's toast!" 
Mindy shook her head, but she still smiled and got her glass. Mindy never thought much about mates, but now that she was sitting at the table with mated women, she felt like an odd one. And she was. 
"So, what kind of a mate you desire?", Kalina asked Mindy. "Since we have the power to get you mated, we might fulfill your wishes." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 394 - Hiding One’s Aura (3)
Chapter 394 – Hiding One’s Aura (3)
Talia really liked the easy-going teasing of Mindy, so she joined. "Do you want your mate to be tall, short, with a pointy nose…?" 
Talia, Kalina, and Maya burst into giggles when Mindy made a face. 
"Who wants pointy noses?", Mindy asked. "He should be pointy down there." She was gesturing to her crotch area. 
"Pointy note taken!", Maya exclaimed. "What else? Come on. The more specific you are, the better we can serve you." 
"You wanted to say that he can serve Mindy.", Kalina chimed in. "A must-have requirement for a mate should be broad, muscular shoulders, so you can hold onto them while he is serving you with his pointy thing…" 
And another round of giggles began. 
"How big should he be?", Maya asked and gestured with her hands in front of her chest, spreading them slowly and making faces the further she went. 
"Keep going.", Mindy said with a sly smile. "Big is good." 
Talia, Kalina, Mindy, and Maya were laughing and having a good time and they didn't notice a female approaching them. 
Lisa was only three steps away from them when Maya stopped laughing abruptly. Kalina, Mindy, and Talia also looked at the newcomer. 
"Lisa?", Maya called, unable to hide her surprise. 
Maya knew very well that Lisa had no good thoughts about Kalina or Talia. Wasn't she supposed to clean the dungeon? 
Maya was cursing internally while thinking of ways how she will punish those useless Lieutenants. How are they securing that place when they can't keep one female there? Maya strictly told them that Lisa can't leave that place until she is done cleaning, and it was obvious that she can't finish so quickly. What the hell? 
Seeing Lisa's sour expression, Maya knew that Lisa will cause a scene. 
Lisa narrowed her eyes while examining the faces of four young women, none was laughing anymore and they obviously all looked at Lisa while waiting to see what she will do. 
With her werewolf sight, Lisa had no problems identifying four females at this table all the way from the butcher shop. She could see them laughing and chatting without a care in the world. Lisa's legs moved on their own, driven by curiosity and dejection, and she completely forgot about Jules and Ron who told her not to move from there. 
As Lisa approached them, she gritted her teeth at the sight of tasty treats on their table, and she heard them chatting about mates. Lisa knew everyone at the table. 
One was Kalina, the woman who now got to enjoy Tony's embrace and the title of the future Luna of the Lightclaw pack. Lisa never liked Maya who came to the Dark Howlers pack a few years ago and she was bossy from the start. Lisa thought about how she will retaliate against Maya once she becomes Luna, but that didn't happen. Lisa didn't have many thoughts about Mindy, but how can a wolf-less she-wolf like Talia enjoy with all these high-ranking members when Lisa was stuck in a freaking dungeon? 
"What is this? Goodbye for the abandoned one?", Lisa asked while eyeing Talia. 
Mindy's eyebrows came together in a frown. "Who is abandoned?" Mindy didn't know who Lisa was, but she couldn't imagine that any she-wolf from the Dark Howlers pack would cause a scene in Maya's presence. 
Lisa lifted her nose. "Now that Damon is about to make Marcy his Luna, the third wheel needs to leave." She glanced at Kalina. "Are you enjoying your place by Tony's side?" 
Kalina heard Maya calling Lisa by her name, but Kalina hoped that it was some other Lisa and not Tony's ex. However, just by the poison in Lisa's voice, Kalina confirmed Lisa's identity. 
Maya stood up in slow motion and faced Lisa, blocking Lisa's view of the table with her body. 
"You have no idea what you are talking about, Lisa. I suggest you apologize and leave." 
"Apologize to whom?", Lisa asked Maya. "To the one who took my man? Or to Miss Talia?" 
Lisa ignored Kalina's hostility and craned her neck to see Talia behind Maya. "Are you hiding behind Maya, since Damon won't lift a finger for you? Are you drowning your sorrows in sweets because Damon is busy with Marcy?" 
Maya waved her arms in panic while considering if she should knock Lisa out here in the middle of the day in front of witnesses. Maya feared that Lisa will start blabbering how Talia came from the Red Moon pack, or that she will continue insulting Talia, or maybe switch to Kalina. 
But before Maya could decide, Lisa was still talking to Talia. 
"I told you that this will happen. Didn't I? I told you that Damon will find his Luna and it will be either his mate or a she-wolf worthy of being his Luna, and you are neither." Lisa glanced at Mindy and Kalina. "Are you hoping that they will find you another guy to stick to? Are you…? Ugh…" Lisa groaned and her whole body bent at an unusual angle. 
Maya gritted her teeth while trying to keep standing, but she knew that the vicious aura assaulting her from the back was Talia's. Lisa crossed the line… Talia's line. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"What did you say?", Talia asked Lisa through her teeth. 
Maya scuttled to her right and plopped on her chair, allowing Talia to have a clear view of Lisa. 
With her peripheral vision, Maya saw Jules and Ron rushing toward them, but when they came into the reach of Talia's aura, they stopped abruptly, as if they hit an invisible wall. Maya also saw that patrons at the neighboring tables were frozen in shock, unable to move. 
Talia was completely focused on Lisa, and she was angry. How dares Lisa say how Damon's hands were busy with Marcy? 
Talia didn't notice the commotion she caused. Even her friends, Kalina and Mindy, had their heads lowered, and Lisa who took the brunt of Talia's anger, was down on her knees and hands. 
"Repeat that!", Talia snapped. 
Lisa cried weakly. She felt like her body was crushed from all sides and there was a metallic taste in her mouth. 
Talia saw red. She didn't care that Lisa was Stephanie's daughter. The only thing she saw was a vicious woman who thought that she had the right to hurt others just because she was hurting. 
"Kitten…", Talia heard Damon's voice sounding close to her ear. He was breathy, and it was obvious he was running. 
When Stephanie told Damon that Talia went to Darkbourne, he finished a few important things, and then went after Talia. He wanted to let her have fun with her friends, he really did, but he was also nervous about her safety, so he came to check on her. His plan was to see her from afar and not come close, but when he saw Lisa there, Damon rushed toward Talia, and not a minute too soon. 
Damon's arms wrapped around Talia, and she leaned on him. 
"Let me handle her.", he said. 
Talia turned to look at Damon. "I thought you did. She is back." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 395 - Hiding One’s Aura (4) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 395 – Hiding One’s Aura (4) [Bonus Chapter]
Author's note: 
Here is a shoutout to KalisteKitten! 
Thank you, KalisteKitten, for the Magic Castle gifted on March 3, 2022! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
– – – 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel…  
– – – 
At first, Talia gave Lisa the benefit of the doubt because she was Stephanie's daughter, because she grew up as Damon's sister, and Talia thought how Lisa was heartbroken because Tony found his mate. But now Talia understood that Lisa was just malicious and finding pleasure in someone else's misery. 
What kind of a person will pull others down just because she suffered a loss? 
It was obvious that Lisa was talking with assumption that Talia was abandoned. A normal reaction would be to show sympathy or to ignore it, but instead, Lisa gloated because someone else was dumped. And then she also said how Damon chose Marcy. 
Talia knew that was not true. Was Lisa lying on purpose, or was she misinformed? It didn't matter. Those were lies. LIES! But Lisa's words were full of malevolence and they reminded Talia of numerous times she was bullied, and Talia lost it. 
Talia was looking at Damon, but her anger toward Lisa didn't subside. 
'SNAP… CRACK…' 
The sounds weren't loud, but everyone heard them. Bones cracking. 
"ARGH!" Lisa's scream was pitiful as her body twitched on the ground. 
Damon could feel Talia's anger swelling, and he had no idea how far it could go, but he needed to stop it before it escalates, and people notice something was off. 
Damon knew that Talia was adjusting to her powers and aura, and without the help of her wolf, it could take a while. 
If Lisa gets permanently hurt, Talia would be sad (after she cools off), and Damon didn't want Talia to dirty her hands. If anyone needs to be tortured and killed, he would do it. 
The only good thing was that other than a few humans present who observed them with curiosity, everyone else bowed in submission, and only Lisa was suffering, otherwise, it would be hard to contain this. 
He cupped Talia's cheeks, and spoke softly, "Kitten. Stay with me. Don't let it consume you." 
Talia felt Damon's worry and she took a deep breath to stabilize her emotions. His scent of the forest and dark chocolate helped. 
Feeling that Talia was back in control, Damon threw an angry glance at Maya, and she didn't need a mind-link to know that she messed up. Lisa caught them all by surprise and it all happened in a matter of a few seconds, but still… Maya was supposed to prevent this. 
"I will investigate to see how she got out. This will not happen again.", Maya said. 
Of course, Maya was planning to roast Jules and Ron, and Lieutenant Klark also. 
The poor warriors didn't know why Lisa ended up in the dungeon. Jules and Ron saw that Lisa was scheming something and they were confident that Lisa won't be able to give them a slip, so they allowed a longer leash in order to see what she was up to. If they knew that Lisa got in trouble due to her nasty mouth, they would gag her, or probably not bring her with them at all. 
If it was just Beta Maya, it wouldn't be so bad, but it was obvious that Alpha Damon was furious. Will they be demoted or sent to the survival training? Well, things could be worse than that. 
Kalina and Mindy looked at Talia with admiration and confusion. Both of them felt suppression that eased only when Damon showed up. It was definitely coming from Talia, and considering that Damon still didn't mark her, that aura was Talia's alone. 
Mindy had her eyes on Talia from the Summer Solstice festival, and she didn't look down on Talia, but Mindy didn't know that Talia was this awesome either. Is this why her brother was interested in Talia and tried to bring her to the Blue River pack? 
The most shocked one was Lisa. She sensed that the vicious aura came from Talia's direction, but… isn't Talia a wolf-less she-wolf? 
Lisa felt a tickle at the edge of her lips, and she wiped it with the back of her hand. Her eyes widened when she saw blood. Well, that explained the metallic taste in her mouth. 
"You are a monster…", Lisa spoke weakly while pushing herself to sit. Every cell of her body was aching, and she was confident that a few ribs and her right leg were broken. 
Damon heard Lisa clearly and he knew that those words were directed at Talia. 
The problem was that if he could hear Lisa, there was a chance that others heard that also, and he couldn't allow people to think badly of Talia, not before they see how wonderful she is first. He needed to make it look like it was his doing. 
Before anyone could react, Damon moved like a flash, and gripped Lisa's neck, lifting her off the ground. Her body swayed limply. 
"What did you call me?", Damon squeezed through his teeth. "What did you call your Alpha?" 
Lisa's eyes bulged out as she struggled to breathe. 
Another wave of murderous aura hit Lisa. Her animalistic instincts told her that her life was in danger, and she was not wrong. Damon would snap her neck like a twig if that meant assuring Talia's safety, regardless of how many humans were watching. 
Lisa already made a lot of damage. Damon will never forget that Lisa ate food Talia made for him; it was the first meal Talia prepared for him, and Lisa took it away! And then Lisa said something that made Talia go into the forest and have a nasty encounter with rogues. Damon nearly lost her, damn it! And then Lisa blabbered how Talia was not worthy, and she came from the Red Moon pack… and now this. How much trouble can one bitter woman cause? 
When Stephanie heard that Lisa was assigned to cleaning duty in the dungeon, Stephanie said that it was time for Lisa to grow up. 
As a mother, Stephanie's instinct was to help Lisa and shelter her, no matter if she was right or wrong but Stephanie realized that her actions enabled Lisa to be unreasonable, so she decided to let Lisa face the world. Lisa was old enough to understand that actions and words have consequences. It was overdue. 
"So-sorry…", Lisa stammered, and she plopped on the ground with a wail when Damon released her. 
Lisa didn't dare to look up at Damon, so she stayed on the ground. She was never in such a pitiful state before. Lisa was drenched in sweat like she had just come out of the shower and her whole body ached to the point that she couldn't speak. Was it possible that she suffered internal injuries? 
Lisa could see that Damon returned to half-kneel by Talia's side and he wrapped her in his arms, like she was the one who got hurt. 
Lisa wondered if she got it wrongly. She was confident that the first aura came from Talia, but how can that nobody have such power? It must be Damon's aura. But… Why would Damon be so gentle toward Talia? What about Marcy? 
"Alpha! Beta!", Jules and Ron greeted in unison, and Jules said grimly, "We apologize. She was supposed to be…" 
"Save it!", Maya cut him off, and continued through mind-link for both Jules and Ron, 'Lock her up and make sure she doesn't come out. Medical assistance won't be provided unless her life is in danger. Lisa insulted our Alpha, and that's a serious crime. I want an official report from Lieutenant Klark on how she managed to get here.' 
'Yes, Beta!', Jules and Ron responded in unison before grabbing Lisa below her armpits and taking her away with them. 
Maya reluctantly turned toward Damon, ready to get more scoldings and she was surprised to see Damon scooping Talia in his arms. 
"Let me take you home…", he said, and Talia leaned on him. 
Talia was aware that people were watching, but she didn't care. Not now. She was sick of people pushing other women on Damon and she had no intention of hiding anymore. 
Everyone present saw Damon walking out of the town square with a woman in his arms, and that woman was not Marcy or Cassie. It was Talia. 
Maya plopped on the chair, happy that this crisis passed somehow. 
"Did you know that Talia is an Alpha?", Mindy asked Maya in a whisper. 
Maya responded by putting her finger over her lips, indicating it's a secret. 
Kalina didn't know the true reason why Talia's background was kept a secret, but she understood that things were not simple. 
Kalina remembered a story her grandma used to tell which explained why female Alphas were rare. Over the centuries, power-hungry werewolves would get their hands on female Alphas and they would mark them forcibly with the goal to breed and get Alpha offspring. That is why female Alphas would usually conceal their power until they find their mate who can protect them. 
Kalina assumed that this was the case with Talia and once Damon officially makes Talia his Luna, Talia will be able to reveal who she truly is. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 396 - Damon’s Patience For Talia
Chapter 396 – Damon’s Patience For Talia
Damon carried Talia princess style down the main street of Darkbourne, and they ignored all gazes directed their way. 
Damon's steps halted in front of the black armored Lexus SUV. 
"Do you want a ride back to the packhouse, or should I carry you?", Damon asked with a lopsided smile that made Talia's heart skip a beat. She loved how he was able to carry her like she weighs nothing. 
"Do we need to go back?" 
Damon didn't understand why Talia's mood dropped. That was their home. "Why not?" 
"Steph is there. After what I did to Lisa, I don't know how to face her." 
"Don't worry about Lisa. She is a werewolf. No matter what you did, she will heal." 
"Will Steph think that way?", Talia asked suspiciously. 
"Don't worry about Steph. She is aware that Lisa crossed the line more than once." 
Talia doubted that Stephanie was fine with Lisa being in the dungeon. Everyone knew that Stephanie doted on Lisa. A lot. "Is Steph fine with Lisa's punishment?" 
"She is not.", Damon said flatly. "However, Steph tried talking to Lisa, I ordered Lisa to stay away, Maya spoke with her, but Lisa refuses to listen to reason and she is seeking trouble repeatedly. Steph knows that being in the dungeon is one of the lighter punishments for a she-wolf. Unless we are interrogating prisoners, they are not being mistreated. If Lisa uses this as a chance to grow up, she won't blame Steph or us, instead, she will apologize and fix her ways." 
Talia thought how that was reasonable, but that didn't mean Lisa will see it that way. Just as Damon said, Lisa was repeatedly looking for trouble, she disregarded authority, and she was acting like the whole world was set on bullying her. But instead of fixing her ways, Lisa was escalating. Talia clearly remembered how Lisa gloated at the thought that Damon abandoned Talia. What was that about? Talia doubted that Lisa will change unless something drastic happens, and staying in the dungeon didn't seem to be enough. 
"So?", Damon asked Talia. "Which one will it be?" He glanced at the car and then down the street, reminding her of options to return to the packhouse. "My services are available, and you won't need to walk, regardless of which one you choose." 
Talia thought for a moment before responding. "I think that ride is more practical", and he shouldn't leave his car in the town, "but I really like when you hold me like this." 
Damon chuckled. "One doesn't exclude the other." 
He walked to the driver's side and pushed the button that slid the seat backward, and then he sat there with Talia in his lap. 
"How is this?", Damon asked and started the engine. 
Talia leaned on Damon and nuzzled his neck with her nose. "Perfect." 
Her breath tickled his skin and the pressure in his groin area increased. 
Damon cleared his throat. "Do that again, and I will drive this car into the nearest bush." He wiggled his eyebrows mischievously and Talia couldn't prevent her lips from lifting into a smile. Her Alpha was playful and insatiable, and she wouldn't want him any other way. 
Talia's arms moved around Damon, and she relished the peace that resided in her heart. Her fears, irritation, and chaos of the world were gone, and Talia knew how that was the effect of Damon's proximity. 
Something told her that as long as they were together, they will be undefeatable, and that sensation of security was addictive. She didn't want to let go of him, ever. 
The drive to the packhouse was about five minutes long and Talia really wished it to last longer; until evening, or until forever, because she enjoyed profusely Damon's addictive scent and the heat that radiated from his body. That was her mate, her other half, her everything. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"We are here, kitten…", Damon murmured, and Talia blinked to see that they were in the garage of the packhouse. 
The garage is a separate building, less than a minute away from the packhouse. Normally, Damon would stop the car in front of the packhouse, and an Omega would park the car properly, but this time, Damon decided to go all the way because he could feel that Talia enjoyed the ride. 
"Thank you.", Talia said. 
"For?" 
"For making it look like you suppressed Lisa at the town square." She knew that if people figured out it was her, there was a chance that people would fear her, and that was not a good impression for a Luna. Somehow, Damon always put her first, and Talia appreciated it. 
Damon's lips lifted into a smirk. "That was not suppression." 
"What was it?" 
"Complete dominance, kitten. Your aura is stronger than mine." 
Talia doubted that. "You would say anything to make me feel better." 
"I am not joking. I can make people bow and obey my command, but I was never able to break bones." 
"Maybe that was my ability.", Talia said while waving her fingers, simulating the silvery light that Damon described after he saw her in the lake when she stopped the currents. 
Damon disagreed. "Your eyes were normal. This was not magic. It was your aura." 
Talia was not sure what to think about this. Will she end up hurting people whenever she gets upset? 
She thought how it was lucky that the mate bond prevented her from harming Damon. She loved him to pieces, but the reality was that he was the one making her angry the most. 
"What's on your mind?", Damon asked. 
"How to control the aura. I don't want to harm people accidentally. I know you said that I will figure it out in time, but I feel that I don't have time. Can you teach me?" 
At moments like these, Damon wished for Talia's wolf to be present. His wolf taught him about those things and having an insider who can guide her while feeling the same emotions first-hand would be the best. 
But Talia was right there, needing answers, and Damon did his best to coach her. 
"You won't harm people accidentally. You can think of the aura as a projection of your will. In the town square, your anger was directed at Lisa, and she was the only one harmed." 
Talia thought about Damon's words and realized he was right. This put her mind at ease a bit, but she hoped for more, so she looked at him expectantly. 
"It might appear that it happens when your emotions are unstable, but that's only in the beginning. When it happens, remember that emotion, kitten. If you can repeat it at will, you will control the aura." 
Talia knew that his words made sense, but… "I wish I can practice this somehow. You are the only one who knows about this and can teach me, but you are immune." 
Damon's eyebrow twitched. "You would practice on me?" 
"You said you will train me. How is that different compared to kicking and grappling?" 
Damon was speechless. She was right, but at the same time, it didn't sound right. He was happy about the mate bond protecting him, otherwise, his adorable mate would turn him into a lab rat. 
"Be patient. It will happen when it's supposed to happen.", Damon said. 
"It's easy for you to say. You can release aura at will, while I feel like I'm a ticking bomb." 
Damon didn't deny it. "I can release it at will, but I don't have full control. When my anger flares, I can see that people around me are affected, but I'm not in a state where I would care about it. There is a reason why weaklings stay away from me. The important part is to recognize when it happens…" 
Talia sat in Damon's lap and enjoyed listening to Damon who was patiently answering her questions. And what made it extra special was that Talia knew Damon was patient only with her. 
His voice was deep, his scent filled the interior of the car, the garage made it feel like the world outside was non-existent, and Talia wouldn't mind if they stayed in there forever. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 397 - Preparations For The Party (1)
Chapter 397 – Preparations For The Party (1)
The afternoon passed quickly with preparations for the upcoming party. 
Everyone helped, and the packhouse was buzzing with activity. 
Zina, Stephanie, Ivy, and Lily were busy in the kitchen, Rose was all over the place, and they also had a few additional Omegas to help where needed. 
Other than food preparations, the main activity revolved around setting up the event hall and the garden with tables, chairs, and decorations. 
The guests were supposed to arrive at five o'clock in the afternoon, so when Damon noticed that it was about one hour before the party started, he thanked Tony, Kalina, Paul, Nate, Greg, and Mindy for their help, and told them to go and get ready. The rest will be done by Omegas. 
Mindy also got a task to mind-link Maddox and to remind him that he and Tanya should make appearances. Considering who was coming, Damon wanted to maximize high-ranking people who were on good terms with Talia. 
During the afternoon, Dawn and George came to the packhouse. 
When Dawn mind-linked Maya about this (Talia doesn't have the mind-link, and Dawn didn't dare to disturb Alpha Damon), Talia suggested that they arrange a room for them on the second floor. Since the group from the Midnight pack left abruptly with Meg, they already had rooms that were recently set up with toiletries and everything, and Rose needed only a few minutes to change bedsheets and bring fresh towels. 
George was on the first floor only because of Marcy and because they wanted to give not-so-welcome treatment to the group from the Red Moon pack. However, a lot of things happened, and considering that George is an Alpha and Dawn's mate, Talia thought that he shouldn't get unfavorable treatment, so they moved his stuff into the room that Rose prepared. 
Under Dawn's guidance, the newly mated couple changed their location, and settled into a room on the second floor of the packhouse, without bumping into anyone. 
Of course, Talia asked Damon if he agreed with this room upgrade, and Damon approved. 
Talia got another idea. 
"You said that we should entertain James because he is helpful and we can't trust him. How about we set up three rooms on the first floor and ask Petra, Erik, and Zack to stay there while James is visiting? They were getting along well during breakfast, and based on reports they sent through the day, they were having fun…" 
Damon liked this. As a bonus, Erik, Petra, and Zack can keep an eye on James. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
In a room on the second floor… 
Dawn laid on the bed, sprawled on top of George whose arms were around her naked form, and she was beaming from happiness. 
So many things happened, that she didn't have the time to process them. 
She found her mate, got marked, and for the last couple of hours, they were having fantastic sex. Dawn was not sure if he grinned more while exploring her body, or while eating cinnamon rolls she prepared for him. 
It was beyond her wildest imagination, and now, Dawn was staying in a room on the second floor of the packhouse! That's for important people! 
Dawn would think how all this was just a wonderful dream, but the sparks of their bond prickled her skin wherever they touched and happiness pouring into her through the mate bond was real, and it was coming from George, and it confirmed that he was elated by the current events, just as she was. 
George gazed at Dawn with a smile in his eyes, and he relished the sense of belonging he didn't know before. 
His eyes sparkled when his attention fell on the mark that was forming on her neck. He gently touched her there, and Dawn inhaled a shaky breath, her eyelids falling halfway instantly as a wave of arousal swelled within her. That was such a sensitive spot. 
Dawn's eyes lost focus for a moment, and he frowned with concern. 
"What is it?", he asked. He knew that she was contacted through the mind-link and the fact that she was visibly surprised got him curious. 
"It was Alpha Damon. He said that we can join the party if we want. He said that it will be good for you.", Dawn said and thought for a moment before saying, "I guess that as a Commander, you should represent your pack." 
Dawn wondered if George will return to the Red Moon pack and risk scolding from Alpha Edward, or if he will stay here. She told him how that was a possibility. Did he have time to think about it? Probably not. 
Dawn would love it if they decided to call the Dark Howlers pack their home. Dawn had many friends here, and she heard rumors that Omegas get bad treatment in the Red Moon pack. Sure, George has a status, but without his protection, she was a nobody. Things will be great when they are together, but what will happen when he goes to train, or on a mission? 
If they go there, she will need to sever her ties to the Dark Howlers pack, and join the Red Moon pack, and that was not something she was looking forward to. 
George didn't notice Dawn's mood dropping, as he was having his own worries. 
As a Commander, George was not invited to social gatherings even at the Red Moon pack. His instincts told him that Damon's invitation was confirmation of how they know about his identity. 
That brought George to another question, how did they find out about the rejection? Marcy was unconscious and she couldn't tell anyone what happened, and just by finding two incapacitated people, they should think about sickness, poison, attack, anything other than rejection by a mate. After all, that rarely happens. 
George remembered that Dawn told him with certainty how she knew what got him into that state, and that pointed to the possibility of cameras in the room. 
Well, that explained Damon's change in attitude when he congratulated him on finding his mate. He knew. 
Damn it! Things just got complicated. 
But Damon didn't call him out, and George was not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing. 
"George?" 
Dawn's voice got George's attention. 
"We don't need to go if you don't want to.", Dawn said. 
George realized that his expression was not good, and Dawn was worried about him. 
"Do you want to go?", he asked. 
Was he kidding? Yes! For years, Dawn watched these parties from the side, and the fact that Alpha Damon rarely threw parties only made them more special. This was Dawn's chance to attend such a fancy occasion and not because she was serving drinks. But she also wanted to stay in bed with George. 
George could see her expressions changing. 
If it was up to him, he wouldn't go. But Alpha Damon's invitation was not for Commander George; it was for Alpha George. And it seemed that Dawn wanted to go. How can he decline this to his adorable mate? 
George chuckled and rolled them over, ending on top of her. 
"How about this…?", he paused to kiss her chin. "We will go. If you like it, we will stay, and if you don't like it, we will leave." 
Dawn smiled brightly. She loved that he made it about her. Dawn knew that compared to George, she was a nobody, yet he treated her like she was important. She really really liked that. 
"I accept to attend this party as your date, Commander George." 
George hummed in approval. "As my date. As my mate." 
Dawn sucked in a sharp breath and her brows came together. 
"What?", he asked. 
"I don't have anything to wear." 
George propped himself on his elbows and glanced down at her naked body. "You are perfect. Stunning." 
Dawn's cheeks heated. George just complimented her! That will never get old. 
"But I don't want anyone to see you like this. That's mine.", George said grimly, and his tone softened as he continued, "Don't worry about the clothes. This is not a formal party. And even if it is, as my mate, you can wear whatever you want." 
"Ha-ha…", Dawn laughed mockingly. "That's a good one. Maybe you can show up in a t-shirt and jeans and look amazing, but a girl needs a dress." 
Dawn's eyes lost focus for a moment as she mind-linked Zina. 
"Done?", George asked when Dawn's attention was back on him. 
"Yes.", she confirmed. 
George hummed in approval and glanced at the time. 
Dawn didn't miss this, and the fire in his eyes told her that they won't be resting. 
She hugged him tightly and returned his kisses, ready to get lost in his passionate embrace again. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 398 - Preparations For The Party (2)
Chapter 398 – Preparations For The Party (2)
Damon stood on the balcony off the master bedroom and looked down at the garden that was set up to accommodate guests who would come out of the event hall, probably when the sun sets, and the heat eases up. 
There were eight round tables, each with a pristine white tablecloth on it, and a bouquet of white and purple flowers. Bunches of white and purple balloons were placed at certain points in the garden, to create an invisible border around the area designated for the event. 
Bushes in the garden were covered with soft fairy lights that will be turned on in the evening to illuminate the space discretely. 
It was almost five o'clock in the afternoon, and the guests still didn't arrive, so the only people in the garden were Omegas who were busy with finishing touches. 
Damon sneered while thinking about people who will come tonight into his house. They were definitely not welcome. 
When his father was the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, many people got a title of an Elder. Other than retired Betas and Gammas of the pack, Damon's father bestowed that title to retired generals, lieutenants, and also civilians such as the principal of the school, and the town mayor. Basically, everyone who contributed in some way got a title of an Elder upon retiring from their role. 
Damon's father believed that Elders were advisors to the Alpha and act as Alpha's proxies in his absence, and he also believed that every person is important. 
Those so-called Elders had no recognition outside the pack, but inside, they were influential; mostly because others believed that Elders were close to the Alpha and that by doing favors to Elders, they were currying favors with the Alpha. 
When Damon took over as the Alpha, Elders officially lost their significance, but people were still used to looking up to them, so each of the Elders maintained some sort of influence to this day. 
Werewolves have an innate desire for power, so instead of putting their heads together to work for the pack, it turned into Elders amassing power for themselves. 
Damon still remembers how they tried to use him when he took over as the Alpha. Some of them advised him to give up the territory to other packs because he was young and inexperienced. They wrapped all that into lies of protecting the best interests of the pack, but Damon knew that those Elders were doing it for benefit. That's why Damon allowed them to keep the roles, but he removed them from any duties that might be impactful. 
Damon's hostility toward Elders was amplified by his suspicion that some of them were involved in the so-called accident where his parents perished. 
Damon released a long breath to stabilize his emotions. By thinking about the past, he was getting angry, and he didn't want Talia to feel his turmoil. She should be composed and happy because tonight is the night his kitten will finally step forward as his woman in front of pack members. Damon was excited. 
… 
Talia came out of the closet, and she paused at the majestic sight of Damon from the back. 
He was standing ramrod straight, with his hands behind his broad back, in a black short-sleeved shirt that was tucked in his black pants, and his raven-black hair was slicked back. He was ready for the party, at least from the outside. Talia could feel emotions brewing inside him, and she knew that he had a lot on his mind. 
She tiptoed toward Damon and hugged him from the back. 
"It will be OK.", she said. 
Damon put his hands over Talia's that were resting on his chest. 
"It will." 
They were comforting each other, even though neither of them knew how this evening will end. 
Damon and Talia discussed this, ively and rationally, and they knew that this was not the best time to reveal the truth that they were mates but… when was the good time? 
"Let me see you.", Damon said and turned to face Talia. 
She stepped back and twirled on her toes. "What do you think?" 
He wanted her to wear white or silver because she was so pure and adorable, but she insisted on a dark color to match him. 
Damon let her have it. In his eyes, she looked perfect in anything. 
Talia was wearing a black short-sleeved dress that hugged her upper body and flared from the waist down, reaching just above her knees. The line in the area of her waist was embellished with small crystals and sparkling, and her hair was slightly wavy and pinned above her ears with pins that had sparkling crystals, just like her dress. Talia's appearance was youthful and elegant, with just a touch of makeup, and Damon thought that she looked like a fairy. His fairy. 
"You are stunning.", Damon said and licked his lips slowly. "But I prefer you naked." 
Talia rolled her eyes, but she enjoyed the compliment. And she knew that he meant it. Both of those. 
Damon paused for a moment before saying, "Travis is on his way to the study. He just did a checkup on Marcy and has updates." 
"Let's go." She also wanted to hear updates. 
… 
The news Travis brought was not catastrophic, but it was not good either. Marcy's condition was still deteriorating and if she doesn't show signs of improvement at the checkup the next morning, Travis wanted Marcy to be transferred to the hospital. 
With that, Travis took his medical bag and headed out of the study. 
"Will you come to the party?", Talia asked Travis before he reached the door. As the pack doctor, he was invited. 
"Yes. I am going to check on Commander George, and then I will get ready." He gestured toward his t-shirt and shorts. "This is not party appropriate." 
Talia smiled, happy that another friendly face will be there. She remembered one thing, "Did you mind-link Dawn? To make sure it's safe to… uhm… you know." 
"I did, before coming here.", Travis assured her that things were under control. He knew that newly-mated couples can't get their hands off each other, and that's why he gave Dawn a heads-up so that she and George were not in a compromising situation when he comes. He didn't want to intrude. 
"Dinner will be served at seven.", Talia reminded him. 
"I will be back by then.", Travis said and bowed to Damon before heading out. He wanted to bow to Talia also, but he feared that Damon will be hostile. Travis decided to feign ignorance about Talia being their Luna until Damon announces it officially. 
Travis nearly bumped into Caden and Maya who were about to knock on the door. 
"Are we late for updates?", Caden asked. They knew that Travis was here. 
"Come in.", Damon called. "We will tell you the gist of it. Travis has work to do before he can join the party." 
Caden and Maya didn't like the news that Marcy's condition is worsening. 
They were hoping that Marcy will appear at the party and be able to turn this situation around. Marcy was definitely hiding the fact that George was her mate, and Maya thought that they can use that information to blackmail Marcy into obedience. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 399 - Preparations For The Party (3)
Chapter 399 – Preparations For The Party (3)
"This party has a horrible timing, but it's too late to cancel.", Maya said. "First guests are arriving as we speak. Everything we planned either failed or was only halfway done and that brought us to the current situation where most of the guests will expect to see Marcy as our future Luna." 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose. They had one thing that could discredit Marcy as his Luna, the video of George accepting Marcy's rejection. Unfortunately, that would disclose George's identity, and Damon wanted to avoid that if possible. 
In Damon's opinion, George could be a valuable pawn, or maybe even an ally, but if they announce that the Alpha of the Frostcrest pack is alive, George will turn into an enemy and will be a threat, assuming that he lives long for that. And Damon knew that Talia won't forgive him if he endangers Dawn's mate. 
They needed another way to deal with this situation. 
"Any last-minute ideas?", Damon asked his Betas. 
"I think that you should tell everyone that Talia is your mate, right away.", Caden said. "You know how they are, echoing each other's nonsense and finding strength in numbers. The longer we delay this, the more they will reinforce the idea that Talia is your assistant, and with Marcy not showing up, they will assume that she is going for the dramatic effect of the main guest coming last." 
Maya didn't think it was that bad. "We don't need to announce Talia as the Luna right away. I agree. Guests will talk among each other, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. We can use that to sway opinions." She made a dramatic pause before continuing. "We can discredit Marcy and remind people about Talia's recent contributions. The more people have a favorable opinion of Talia, the better. And then, there is the bond. People who believe that the mate bond is sacred, won't dare to raise their voices against Talia." 
"But I'm not marked.", Talia reminded everyone. "Why would they believe I'm Damon's mate, and not an excuse to reject Marcy and stir trouble with the Red Moon pack?" 
"Shaman Gideon could help with that.", Caden said. 
"Is he coming?", Damon asked. 
Maya shook her head and shrugged, indicating that she was not sure. The man didn't RSVP, and his mind-link was shut down, so it was highly likely he had no plans to attend this event. 
"Do you think he can help?", Talia asked as the spark of hope ignited in her. 
"Definitely.", Maya and Caden said in unison, and Maya explained, "He could perform a ritual that will confirm you are mates. Many of these old geezers respect him because they believe that he is the spokesperson for the Moon Goddess." 
Talia looked at Damon. "We need to make sure he comes." 
Damon made a face. "Do you think I should drag him here?" 
"I know you have a grudge with him, but we can ask him politely. In person.", Talia said. 
Damon groaned. "He doesn't like me." And Damon didn't like him either. 
"He was nice toward me.", Talia reminded Damon. Gideon was nice, all to the point when Damon came and broke the door and dragged Talia out of there. 
"Nice doesn't cut it, kitten. Our grudges run deep." 
Talia looked at him stubbornly. "I want to try." 
Maya and Caden took a step back, ready to watch the show because this was their Luna standing up to the Alpha. The only thing missing was the popcorn for Betas to munch on. 
Damon was exasperated. "We can't go now. It takes at least half an hour to reach there and come back, and who knows how much time it will take him to get ready, assuming that you can convince him to come. Guests are here, what will they say if hosts don't show up for the first hour or two of the party?" 
"Host.", Talia said. 
Damon didn't get it. "What?" 
"Host.", Talia repeated. "They are expecting you. Not the two of us." 
Damon's brows came together in a frown when he realized… "You want to go there without me. That's not happening." 
Talia steeled her resolve. "You need to stay here, appear among guests, and stir the conversation in the direction where Marcy is bad and I'm good. I'm not needed for it. Actually, it's better if I'm not here because I will just sound like a bitter woman, and people will think that you are saying nice things about me only because I'm present." 
Damon puffed his cheeks. Somehow, Talia's words made sense. But there was no way he will let her go alone. "Maya will go with you." 
"No.", Talia firmly rejected. 
Damon couldn't believe this. "What?" 
"There are more than fifty guests. If you want to sway the opinions effectively, you will need more people. Who is better than Maya and Caden?" 
"You are not going to see Shaman on your own." 
"I won't go on my own, but I can't go with two people who are the most reliable." 
Both Maya and Caden puffed their chest at Talia's words. She called them reliable. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Talia. "And who will go?" 
Talia thought about her options. Everyone was mated or somehow important, leaving her with one person… "Mindy." 
Damon didn't like this. Whenever Talia and Mindy were on their own, Mindy would end up corrupting Talia in some way. Damon will never forget that wretched dildo. While on the topic of that dildo, Damon flicked it through the window, and the thing just disappeared. Damon assumed that someone found it and took it away. It's a purple thing, definitely standing out in the green foliage of the garden. 
Seeing that Damon's frown was deepening by the second, Talia added, "Assign two warriors to accompany me. I trust Mindy. She is quick-witted, and she can help me persuade Shaman Gideon to come…" 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Travis reached in front of the room on the second floor of the packhouse and he knocked on the door. 
"Coming!", Dawn shouted, and Travis could hear rushed footsteps. 
The door opened and Travis blinked at the sight of Dawn who was wrapped in a towel and holding it bunched at her chest level. Travis' eyes moved on their own, to confirm that the towel covered Dawn's important parts as the towel ended just below her buttocks. 
"Doctor Travis!", Dawn exclaimed and took a step back. She was expecting Zina to bring her the dress. 
Nudity is not a big deal, and she was not even nude, but Travis appeared unexpectedly, and she was startled. 
Travis opened his mouth to say something and then he groaned when an unmistakable Alpha aura hit him full force. 
His vision blurred, but he definitely saw George pulling Dawn to stand behind him. 
Travis cursed his luck. What the hell? Was George an Alpha also? 
He wanted to be a doctor and save people, but at this rate, he should change his profession because it's too dangerous. 
Maybe he should spend his day in the gym, with warriors and other sport-ish people, like Keith. Travis remembered that Keith was on survival training in the mountains, and Travis thought how that's not a bad place to be. Anything was better than this. 
"George…", Dawn called while tugging his arm. "That's the doctor. He came to check on you. It's my fault for opening the door like this." 
George exhaled sharply and stabilized his emotions and Travis was able to breathe when the aura pressing on him subsided. 
"Please, come in.", Dawn said sweetly to Travis. "You can do the check-up and I will go and find something to put on." 
"My clothes are in the closet.", George said. "Pick something." 
Dawn's cheeks heated at the thought of wearing his clothes. She nodded in small jerky movements and then dashed into the closet. 
Travis wished that she didn't leave because she could control this unreasonable man. 
George moved from the door and gestured to Travis to enter, and Travis was not sure if that was a good idea, but he steeled his resolve and reminded himself that he is a medical professional. He can do this. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 400 - The Party At The Packhouse (1) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 400 – The Party At The Packhouse (1) [Bonus Chapter]
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie arrived together at the party. 
The duo of Elders moved toward the bar in the event hall while greeting people present. Everyone was familiar. 
Just like the majority of guests present, Elder Samson and Elder Charlie had a feeling that this was about Damon announcing his Luna, but they were not sure if that will be Marcy or Talia. 
Of course, they were hoping it was Marcy, but they also remembered that Damon told them how Talia was his fated mate. Talia was fierce, but considering that many confirmed Marcy was in their pack… which one will it be? 
"Isn't that James?", Elder Charlie asked while eyeing a group of four teens sitting at a table. 
Elder Samson looked in that direction to see James sitting with Petra, Erik, and Zack. The four of them were focused on their phones and chatting in a hushed but lively manner. They were playing an online game together. 
"It is.", Elder Samson responded without trying to conceal his displeasure. "It seems that the future Alpha is behaving differently without his father around." 
Both Elder Samson and Elder Charlie were familiar with the Redmayne family, and they knew James as a stalwart young man whose serious expression would project wisdom beyond his age, like a true promising Alpha, yet now he was no different compared to other kids. 
"Are you excited?", a hushed female voice came from the side. 
"Agatha…", Elder Charlie called with a nod in greeting. 
Agatha is their senior, and also an Elder, so they needed to show respect, even if it's just for show. 
For the outsiders, they were all a harmonious group of Elders, each working for the benefit of the Dark Howlers pack. But on the inside, their relationships were tense as they were always engaged in a show of power, regardless of if it was for securing perks that matter or getting their way in a simple spat. 
Elder Charlie and Elder Samson looked down on many other Elders, like Elder Agatha who got her title just because she won some awards in the human city and was voted as the best teacher by her students year after year. On top of her questionable achievements, Elder Agatha was prone to gossip. Everyone likes to hear gossip; they were also aware that Elder Agatha would wrap them into her stories. No one was ever spared from this gossipy grandma, so they are trying to stay away from her. 
"What should we be excited about?", Elder Samson asked. 
"Didn't you hear?", Elder Agatha inched closer, and her sparkling eyes didn't match her aged appearance. She looked like a woman in her sixties, but werewolves have longer lifespans compared to humans, and she was at least double of that. 
"Alpha Damon…" She lowered her voice. "That boy finally decided to stop waiting for his mate, and we will get a Luna." 
Both Elder Charlie and Elder Samson were stupefied. Did she say that Alpha Damon was waiting for his mate? He was sleeping around like there is no tomorrow. How was that waiting!? 
Elder Charlie was first to recover. "What makes you think so?" 
"Don't tell me you didn't hear. Marcy from the Red Moon pack is here.", she said with a knowing look. 
"So?", Elder Samson asked and waved toward the table where James was with three other teenagers. "Alpha Edward's son is also present. Should we assume that James is part of the dowry? Or that Alpha Edward would give his only daughter without being personally present?" 
Elder Agatha frowned at his sarcastic tone. "Are you against this union?" 
Elder Charlie responded, "We have no opinions at this point. Before you accuse us of anything, you should look at the big picture. Representatives from several packs are here, and maybe our Alpha will tell us tonight that he found his Luna, or maybe he will announce that we will build a shelter for abandoned children. As a teacher, you should understand that taking care of children is important, and if we are about to face a big project, all of us should contribute in some way." 
Elder Agatha thought for a moment while scrutinizing two men in front of her. Everyone was aware of how Elder Samson and Elder Charlie were close to Alpha Edward. Sure, some other Elders also had connections in the Red Moon pack, but they paled in comparison to being able to reach the Alpha directly. 
She expected that they will be gloating how their connections were finally coming in handy, and their attitudes pointed to one thing… "You know something." 
"We only know that sharing opinions in this place…", Elder Charlie paused while looking around, indicating that 'this place' was the packhouse. "…can backfire if you are wrong. And if we assume that you are right, it won't bring any harm to not talk about it until the official announcement was made." 
Elder Agatha frowned. Everyone was talking about the union of Alpha Damon and Marcy and guessing how it will impact the dynamics of the packs and their positions. She saw these two men coming and she thought of getting to them first. Who would imagine that they wouldn't be eager to talk about it? Were they gaining some massive benefits and were not willing to share? 
"Do we need to remind you of the consequences of angering our Alpha?", Elder Charlie asked. 
Elder Agatha pressed her lips into a line surrounded by numerous fine wrinkles. 
Everyone knew that she used to be one of the key decision-makers related to education and extracurricular activities for youngsters in the Dark Howlers pack. Kids and parents were visiting her often with big smiles and even bigger gifts while trying to curry favor with her so that they end up selected for the best programs. However, since Alpha Damon took over, she was reduced to something like an advisor to the principal which was almost nothing. She even needed a pass to enter the school! 
Elder Agatha exhaled sharply while shaking off negative thoughts. "I was just saying casually. Don't take it seriously." 
"Don't worry, we won't.", Elder Samson said, and he chuckled when she left with her nose raised high. It was obvious that she was offended. "You should have let her talk." 
Elder Charlie didn't agree. "She would do her monologue, and her next victim would hear a version of how she talked with us about it and drag us into her mess. The best we can do is stay away and see how tonight will develop." 
… 
Everyone's attention went on the main entrance when Damon made his appearance with Caden and Maya by his side. Some were disappointed that Marcy was not in that group. 
Damon wished that Talia was with him, but she went to see the annoyingly stubborn Shaman. 
Damon knew that Talia was with Mindy and two warriors, but his kitten was out of his visual range, and he was worried. That girl is a magnet for trouble. 
Damon paused to see all faces in the room, almost everyone was present. 
When the chatter simmered down, Damon spoke. 
"Thank you for coming tonight. As you can see, we have guests from other packs, and I hope you will show them our hospitality. Dinner will be served at seven o'clock, and after that, we will have some announcements. Until then, enjoy." 
With that, Caden and Maya went to greet the elders, and Damon moved to the table where James was with three teens. 
"I heard you had fun today.", Damon said. 
"Yes. Thank you, Alpha Damon.", James confirmed, his playful expression was replaced with a serious one. "Don't worry. I know what to do." 
Damon forced a stiff smile. He hated that this youngster had something on him, and if James decided to spill the beans how something was off with Marcy, things would go south quickly. 
The safest thing would be to throw James into the dungeon and not leave him out ever, but with everyone knowing that the group from the Red Moon pack was here, Damon needed James to cover up for the lack of Marcy and Nora. 
Damon noticed that George was still not in attendance. Damon was not sure how much the newly-mated Alpha will help the current situation, but Damon could guess that George won't have anything nice to say about Marcy. 
Unfortunately, they didn't have a chance to negotiate, so that was another variable Damon couldn't control. 
Damon told himself not to panic. If things get out of hand, he will use his aura to suppress everyone and think about damage control later. Much later. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 401 - Visiting The Shaman (1)
Chapter 401 – Visiting The Shaman (1)
Mindy and Talia sat in the back of the car that was going toward the house where Shaman Gideon lives. 
Damon picked two warriors to take Talia and Mindy there and to ensure Talia's safety. 
"So, what's the deal with this Shaman?", Mindy asked. Considering the urgency and the timing, Mindy knew it was important. 
"Later…", Talia said while gesturing with her eyes toward the warriors and Mindy nodded in understanding. 
The two warriors were stern and unapproachable, and when Talia asked them about their names, they opened the doors of the car for Talia and Mindy with, "Alpha told us to hurry up." Well, they were in a hurry. 
Shaman's house is isolated in the forest, and they will need to cross the last stretch on foot, so Talia and Mindy had a silent agreement to use that walk to discuss why they were heading there and maybe come up with some plan. 
Talia and Mindy chatted about the party and random stuff to fill the time. 
Unfortunately, after they came out of the car, the two warriors were sticking to them. 
Mindy turned back and spoke impatiently, "Can you give us more space? We need to talk in private." 
Both soldiers frowned, showing that they were not willing. One of them spoke, "Even if we are a hundred steps away, we can still hear you." 
Mindy rolled her eyes. "Then, be a hundred and one steps away. Girls need privacy." 
Seeing the stern faces of two men, Talia tried a different approach. "What should I call you?" 
"Alpha said that we should focus on the mission and not on pleasantries.", one of the soldiers responded. 
Talia couldn't believe this. Did Damon forbid them from introducing themselves? It looked like it. Was it possible that Damon was so jealous and insecure? Silly Alpha. She gave up on finding out their names. 
"Alpha Damon is not here, so there is no need to be so stiff.", Talia said. "We are not asking you to go against Damon's orders, but we are in the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. What can happen? Keep the distance so that you can see us and do your best not to listen. How does that sound?" 
With this, two warriors nodded reluctantly, and they pointed them in the right direction before waiting for Talia and Mindy to proceed forward. 
Talia was at Gideon's house once, but at that time she wandered into his garden accidentally, so now she needed guidance. 
A warrior saying 'that way' didn't help much, so Talia took her phone to orient herself on the map via GPS. Maya pinned the coordinates where Shaman's house was, so it was easy to follow. 
"So? Why are we looking for the old guy?", Mindy asked Talia in a hushed voice when she assessed that they put enough distance between them and the two warriors. 
"Old guy?", Talia asked with confusion obvious in her voice. 
"The Shaman.", Mindy explained. 
"Do you know him?" 
"No. A few times I visited, it was in the packhouse, and it's not a secret that Alpha Damon is not getting along with his Shaman." 
Talia agreed with this. Damon and Shaman were not getting along, and not trying to conceal it. But Talia still had to ask, "Why do you think he is old?" 
Talia wouldn't call him old, at least not by appearance. Alpha Edward looked older than Gideon. 
"Come on, Lia…", Mindy said. "You should know that it takes decades of studying and apprenticeship to become a Shaman. I didn't meet one that's younger than a hundred years old." 
Werewolves age similar to humans until they reach maturity, which is normally in their early twenties. After that, their aging reflects the strength of their wolf. The stronger one's wolf is, the slower they will age, and the longer their natural lifespan will be. 
That's also one of the reasons why most of the werewolves wish to be mated to high-ranking members. The marking bite comes with the DNA of the stronger one, acting like a tonic that prolongs life. 
Mindy was aware of cases where some Alphas were captured and drained of blood for others to drink in an attempt to strengthen themselves. There were no records if that actually worked. The practice is strongly condemned, but there are always some willing to take risks. Who doesn't want to live forever? OK. Not really forever, but three hundred years sounds much better than one hundred. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Talia told Mindy about the current situation, and how the guests will probably expect Damon to show up with Marcy. "Shaman can help us convince people that mate bond is sacred, and they will accept me as Damon's Luna. At least that's the plan." 
"It all depends on Shaman's reputation in the pack. The fact that Alpha Damon ostracized him for a decade won't help.", Mindy said. 
"But if we convince him to come and speak for Damon, that can be seen as a sign that mate bond is so important they were willing to improve their relationship." 
Mindy shrugged. "If you say so." 
Talia pouted. "You don't sound convinced." 
Mindy didn't deny it. "It's not me you need to convince." 
Talia agreed with this point. "Our goal is to assure he will come to the party. We are already here, so let's do our best." 
Mindy looked around as the trees stopped and they found themselves in a meadow. "By the way, where are we?" 
Talia smiled mysteriously and kept her phone back in her purse. It was not needed anymore. 
Mindy took a deep breath and her lips stretched into a dreamy smile. 
Talia noticed. "It smells good. Right? It's his garden." 
"Where?" 
Talia giggled. "Here. We are in it." 
Mindy looked around. "There is no fence." And no house in sight. 
Talia noticed the lack of a fence last time, that's how she ended up wandering into Gideon's garden. 
"This is away from the town, so there are no trespassers. His house is over there." Talia pointed toward a row of trees. She saw Mindy leaning to sniff the lavender. Did she forget that they were short on time? How can she stop to smell the flowers? "What are you doing?" 
"I love lavender, but I never smelled anything so good. Go ahead without me. I will join you in a minute. You can start thawing the grumpy Shaman, and I will come to deliver the final blow." 
Talia looked at Mindy helplessly and then she decided to leave her behind. 
Mindy sniffed the lavender and she spotted the vibrantly pink echinacea. The whole area looked like a meadow full of wildflowers, yet there was order in chaos, and Mindy thought that it was fantastic. 
With the corner of her eye, Mindy saw two soldiers following after Talia. 
Mindy put her hands akimbo and made a face. Did they just ignore her like she was not important, and the only one worth protecting was Talia? She knew that Damon was focused on Talia, but this was too much. 
After a moment of hesitation, Mindy decided to go after them. No matter how rude Damon was, she came here to help Talia and she won't help by lingering in the garden. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 402 - Visiting The Shaman (2)
Chapter 402 – Visiting The Shaman (2)
While approaching the cabin that was nestled between the trees and high bushes, Talia noticed that the front door was open. 
She looked around and called, "Hello! Shaman Gideon! It's me, Talia. I came to visit you…" 
No one responded, and Talia moved closer to the cabin. "Hello?" 
The door was visibly newer compared to the rest of the cabin, obviously because Gideon replaced the one that Damon destroyed. Talia hoped that Gideon won't blame her for that incident. 
After a slight hesitation, Talia pushed the door open and called from there, "Shaman Gideon? Hellooo…" 
Talia wondered if something happened to him. Maybe that's why he didn't show up at the party or respond to the invitation. What if he was attacked by rogues? He lives alone, maybe it happened days ago! 
The more Talia thought about it, the more she was unsettled. 
"I'm coming in!", she called and stepped inside. 
The place was just as she remembered it. Kitchen, dining area, sitting area with a sofa and two chairs. The doors on the left were closed, and the whole cabin smelled of lavender, basil, mint, and something else that was sweet and soothing. 
"Hello!" 
Talia jumped in fright when Gideon emerged from the first room on the left. 
"I didn't expect visitors, Talia.", he said. 
Talia patted her chest to calm down. "I apologize for not calling ahead." Actually, the man doesn't have a phone, and both Maya and Caden said that his mind-link was shut down, but Talia didn't want to point out those technicalities. "Sorry for entering your home without permission, but I was calling and…" 
"And I didn't think of answering from the restroom. Don't worry about it. How can I help you? I assume your presence here is not a casual visit." 
Talia realized that Gideon was not as pleasant as the last time and she wondered if that was because Damon broke his door, or because she barged in. Probably both. 
She knew that beating around the bush will only make him angry, so she went straight to the point. 
"I believe you know about the event at the packhouse.", she said. 
"The one where Elders are invited?" 
"You are invited also." 
"Is that why you are here?" 
Talia nodded in response. 
"Did Alpha Damon send you?" 
"No. It was my idea." 
"Why?", he questioned. 
"I think you know why." Talia really had a feeling that this man knew everything better than anyone, even though he was stuck in the middle of the forest. 
Gideon was visibly amused. "Maybe I want to hear you say it." 
"We need your help.", Talia said. 
"You sound like that will be enough for me to do something. And who is that 'we' you spoke about?" 
"Damon and I." 
He looked around. "I see only you." 
Talia realized that Gideon expected Damon to come in person. Well, she couldn't blame him, but… "Guests are already at the packhouse. It would be inconvenient for Damon to come." 
"Well then, it's inconvenient for me to go there." 
Talia looked at the man whose stubbornness was comparable to Damon's. Ah, this will be a problem. It was obvious that Gideon didn't have a good opinion of Damon, so she wanted to ask him to help her, but then… who was she to ask favors? However, there was something that topped it all, and that was why she was there. 
"Do you believe that the mate bond is sacred?", Talia asked. 
Gideon paused. "What does it have to do with that brat destroying my house? And he did it more than once. If he is not the Alpha, I would spank him into obedience. You want me to help him? Do you really expect me to move a finger for a person who didn't even come to apologize?" 
"Will you help us if he apologizes?" 
"That will depend on his sincerity, but it will be a start." 
Talia had a feeling that she hit a wall. 
Gideon wanted Damon to lower himself and apologize, and it's not that Gideon was wrong but… they were out of time, and she needed to come up with something effective or give up on the idea of Gideon helping them. 
Can they handle those Elders without Gideon? 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Talia's brows came together in confusion when she saw that Gideon was staring behind her, with an expression of disbelief like he was seeing a ghost. 
She turned around to see… Mindy. 
Mindy was at the door, staring back at Gideon, and Talia had a feeling of déjà vu. Where did she see something like this before? 
Talia moved to the side and observed the duo that stood there without moving a muscle. 
After a few exceedingly long seconds, Mindy stepped into the cabin and walked straight toward Gideon, the two of them never broke eye contact. 
Mindy stopped one step away from Gideon and extended her hand to touch his face. 
Talia clearly saw Mindy's arm jerking a bit the moment the tips of Mindy's fingers came in contact with Gideon's cheek, dispelling any doubts Talia had so far. 
Mates. 
This was unbelievable! What bad timing! And who said nonsense how seeing mates recognize each other was rare!? 
Mindy and Gideon stared at each other without blinking and Talia felt like the third wheel. 
"Uhm… so…", Talia really didn't know what to say. Should she congratulate them? Will Gideon come to help them now? Probably not. 
Gideon's lips stretched into a smile, and he lifted Mindy like she weighs nothing and walked toward the dining area with Mindy in his arms, and then he put her to sit on the table. 
"Congratu…", Talia's word was cut halfway when she saw that Mindy and Gideon were making out like there was no tomorrow. They ignored her completely. 
That confirmed it. Gideon will not help them, but not because he was pissy at Damon, but because he will have sex. With Mindy. 
Great! 
Ah, they were tugging at each other's clothes already! 
Talia swiftly walked toward the exit and stepped out while closing the door behind her. 
She looked at two warriors who waited for her. 
"Let's go back to the packhouse." 
Two warriors exchanged confused gazes, and Talia answered the questions they didn't ask, "Mindy is not coming, and neither is Shaman. It's just us. Let's go." She thought of something else. "Don't tell Alpha about this. I will tell him when we get back." 
Talia shook her head while walking back to the car. She couldn't believe it. Mindy and Gideon! What a pairing! 
Mindy was always talking about her charities, goals, and traveling with pride, but in that cabin, Talia saw a woman who was willing to tend to the herbs in the garden. 
Talia didn't know how Damon will react to the news that Gideon was not coming, or how Maddox will react when he hears that his sister's mate is the Shaman of the Dark Howlers pack… and she had no idea how they will deal with the Elders at the party, but she was happy for her friend. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 403 - Mindy And Gideon (1) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 403 – Mindy And Gideon (1) [Bonus Chapter]
When Mindy approached the cabin, she picked up the scent of lavender that was even better than the one in the garden. 
Mindy always loved lavender, but this was so good that it was nearly addictive. She hoped that this is the scent that the Shaman can pack into a scented pouch or some other container so that she takes it with her. She was ready to pay! 
Mindy made her way into the cabin through the door that was wide open, and she saw Talia's back, but what really got her attention was the most exquisite man she ever laid her eyes on. 
Was that the Shaman? That man was not old. He was a dreamboat! 
Did Talia say that his name is Gideon? It didn't matter because Mindy already decided to call him Daddy in the bedroom. 
Gideon's mature appearance complimented his muscular physique, but above all, she was attracted to his eyes. His light brown eyes reminded her of sugar cookies, that were warm and melting in the mouth with just the right amount of sweetness, but below that yumminess, she heard whispers of wisdom and passion and Mindy could imagine him pillaging her insides. 
Was she getting aroused because he was looking at her? Unbelievable! 
But then something even more unbelievable happened and Mindy heard a voice in her head, "Mate". 
Her breath hitched. Did she hear that right? 
Mindy's legs moved on autopilot, her every step created an illusion of the world disappearing, leaving only the man in front of her and the path to reach him. He was a stranger, yet there was an air of familiarity around him. It was fantastic. 
In the back of her mind, Mindy was aware that she came here with a purpose, and that there was someone else present. Was it important? It felt like it… almost. But the closer she got to Gideon, the more she was confident that her goal in life was the man in front of her, and that if she thinks about anything else, it would be a mistake. 
Mindy touched his cheek, just above his neatly trimmed beard, and jerked upon contact. Sparks. Sparks of their bond. 
Mindy couldn't believe it. She finally found him. Her mate. 
Gideon's hands landed on her waist, and she thought that he will kiss her, but he lifted her up and the next thing Mindy knew… she was sitting on the dining table with Gideon standing between her legs. 
That was hot! 
Gideon closed his eyes and took a deep breath and his smile told her that he approved. Mindy heard how mates recognize each other by the specific scent that only mates can sense, and she knew that Gideon's scent for her was lavender. Mindy wondered, how does she smell to him? 
Gideon glanced at Mindy's lips, silently asking for permission to kiss her, and she smiled in response. 
Gideon couldn't believe that this was happening. He was waiting for his mate for so long, and he wondered if the Moon Goddess decided to leave him mateless. 
And then Mindy walked in. 
His mate. 
Gideon believed that the Moon Goddess knew what she was doing, and this girl with chestnut-colored hair was just what he needed, but… he wished that she was older. 
It was more than fifty years how a girl in her twenties aroused his interest, but then he picked up her crisp scent of pumpkin, and the pants in his crotch area tightened. Incredible! 
Yes, as a Shaman, he knew very well that pumpkin is an aphrodisiac, but this girl in front of him was an aphrodisiac that was made exclusively for him. 
Gideon leaned closer and hummed when their lips connected. 
The sparks were there, confirming that he didn't get it wrong. She was his mate. 
Mindy kissed him back shyly, and he wondered if she was inexperienced. In the next moment, he could feel her emotions through the mate bond, and he understood that she wanted him to take charge. 
Gideon's hand landed at the back of her head, trapping Mindy between his palm and his lips and he deepened the kiss, her flavors of pumpkin made him crave for more, and her arousal told him that she liked it. 
Mindy was dizzy. Yes, it was just a kiss, but it came with lavender and addictive sparks, and she ended up tugging on his shirt, wanting to undress him so that she can explore freely his muscular body that was not concealed by his clothes. 
Just when she got to the good part of getting her hands under his shirt, Gideon grabbed her wrists, preventing her from proceeding to feel him out. 
"What?", Mindy asked breathily. 
"Your name." 
His deep voice reverberated in her body, sending a wave of heat at the cradle of her thighs. 
Mindy couldn't believe it. Even his voice was sexy! 
"Mindy." 
Gideon narrowed his eyes slightly. He knew everyone from the Dark Howlers pack, and he definitely knew who the guests were in the packhouse. Considering that Mindy came with Talia, it was not difficult to guess… "From the Blue River pack?" 
Mindy confirmed. "Is that a problem?" 
"No.", he said right away. "No matter who you are, to me, you are Mindy, my mate." 
Normally, Mindy hated guys who would claim their mate like claiming possessions, but at that moment she was aroused, and he was right there, and he smelled great, and somehow… it sounded right, so she didn't complain. 
He kissed the inside of her palms and then he kept her hands down before saying, "Mindy, I am…" 
"Gideon.", she said impatiently. "The Shaman of the Dark Howlers pack. I know. Now, can we continue?" 
"Why are you in a hurry?" 
Mindy glanced at his crotch area. "Look who is talking." 
"I am talking.", Gideon said with amusement in his voice. "That guy down there has a mind on his own." He pinched her chin with his index finger and the thumb and lifted her head so that she looks into his face. "As my mate, you should learn some patience." 
Mindy pressed her lips into a line and looked at him defiantly. She knew that Shamans are wise men who think before they act, but is he really going to give her behavioral lessons instead of mind-blowing sex? 
"If you want me to listen to you, you will need to prove that the guy down there is for more than just stretching your pants." 
"If you think that I will please my mate just with my cock, you are in for a surprise, princess." 
Mindy's insides shook. Did he think that his words will make her calm down? It was the opposite! 
"Show me.", Mindy demanded. 
Gideon ran his thumb over her lower lip. "What did I say?" 
Mindy swallowed hard. What did he say? Oh, yes… "Patience." She let out a long breath. "Are you really going to take this slow?" 
"I waited for you for a long time, Mindy.", Gideon said and this time she could feel the anguish and loneliness seeping into her through their mate bond. 
— 
Check out the pic of Mindy and Gideon in the comments. 
Note: this is available only on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m) where this novel is published and contracted.. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 404 - Mindy And Gideon (2)
Chapter 404 – Mindy And Gideon (2)
Mindy's heart cracked when the heaviness of Gideon's emotions hit her hard, and she realized that her joy of finding a mate doesn't compare to his. 
Mindy knew that Shamans are spiritual guides. Werewolves come to them to hear stories and advice related to anything and everything, mates included. She could feel Gideon's pain that accumulated over a long time as he devoted his life to helping many, while he was all alone. 
Why was he living in isolation, here in the forest, instead of in the middle of Darkbourne? 
No one chooses loneliness; it happens when a person is disappointed with the society. 
Gideon saw a lot in his life, and Mindy wished to be one of the people who won't let him down; maybe he could even rely on her. 
Mindy gingerly wrapped her arms around Gideon and leaned into him until her face was stuck to his chest. 
She took a deep breath that filled her system with his scent of lavender, and she thought how it's silly that a free spirit like herself who loves travel, gets dazzled by shiny stuff, and thrives among people, was actually feeling at home in this modest cabin and in the arms of a man she just met. She had an impression that this is all she will ever need to be happy. 
Other than his name, occupation, and facts that he was outrageously handsome and smelled great, she didn't know anything about Gideon, but every cell in her body screamed for his proximity. She never felt anything like it. 
"I am here to stay", she said. "Slow is fine. We will do as you say." 
"I'm not taking it slow. This is a special moment for me, Mindy. And I hope it's for you as well." 
Mindy nodded in response. Of course, it's special. Finding a mate is once in a lifetime. The only difference was that he waited longer compared to her. 
He leaned to murmur close to her ear, "I want to enjoy every inch of your body." 
Mindy sucked in a sharp breath. She thought that they were going for an emotional approach first, and that he will brew them tea so they can chat deep into the night and get to know each other before they move onto carnal pleasures, but then he turned on the heat again. 
She looked at him apprehensively. "Just to make things clear. Are we going to have sex now?" 
Gideon chuckled, amused by her bluntness. "Yes. That's what mates do when they meet, Mindy. We are going to have sex, and I am going to mark you. Unless you ." 
"No ions!", Mindy said with urgency, hoping that he won't change his mind again. Not about the marking, that could wait, but the sex part was important. She really wanted to feel him inside her. 
Her eyes darted from his face to the buttons of his shirt, silently asking for permission to undo them. She didn't want him to hold her hands again. Any type of disapproval from Gideon was creating knots in Mindy's chest, and she didn't want to disappoint him. 
Seeing that Gideon didn't react to her nonverbal signs, Mindy's hands moved slowly to unbutton his shirt, one button at a time. 
Mindy's eyes widened more as she revealed his firm pecs that were blanketed with a layer of dark brown chest hair. Very manly. She couldn't stop herself from putting her hand in there and touching the soft hair that coiled around her fingers. There was plenty of it, yet it was not thick enough to look like fur. It was perfect. 
When all the buttons were undone, and she could see his whole torso, Mindy leaned closer to rub her cheek on his chest. It was ticklish and infused with lavender, and she loved it very much. 
"Mine…", she said and at that moment she decided to use that part of Gideon's body as her personal love blanket. 
Gideon enjoyed the plethora of Mindy's emotions that seeped into him through the mate bond. 
Mindy was like a young branch of a tree, vibrant with blooms, unspoiled, beautiful, and brittle, and he was determined to envelop her with his knowledge and protect her from the elements so that she can grow and bear fruits… fruits… that would be his pups. There were times when he thought about his mate, but he never thought about offspring. 
Gideon took a mental note of wonders the mate brings into one's life. It just took one brunette to enter his life and he already saw himself as a family man, with his pups running around while Mindy and he tend to the garden. It was surreal. 
Little by little, they undressed each other, and Gideon's eyes darkened when his eyes fell on Mindy's exposed breasts. 
Mindy was leaning backward with her elbows resting on the table, giving him a full view of her full and round breasts with a perfectly hardened nipple on each peak. 
Mindy thought how all this was new. She hooked up with a guy more than once, but they would at least have a drink first, or dance, or talk… something. This was much more than a hookup, this was for life, yet they went to undressing right away. 
Her promiscuous brother had breakfast with Tanya before they went upstairs. Sure, it all collapsed, and it took them a near-drowning experience to get it right, but the point was that they didn't immediately go for the sex part, yet here she was, nearly naked on the dining table of a man she met only minutes ago. 
Mindy wondered, is this sex at first sight? 
She was down to her panties, and he was only in his boxer shorts, and they were definitely going to have sex. 
Mindy watched with anticipation as Gideon licked his lips and moved toward her breasts. She thought that he will lick, kiss, suck, or anything… but he just stood there and took a deep breath. 
"How do I smell to you?", she asked. 
"Pumpkin." 
Mindy was not sure what to think about this. Pumpkin? It was not a sexy fruit. She hoped she will be something sexy to her mate, and not a round orange thing. 
Gideon observed her with all the seriousness in the world. "You don't seem happy." 
"Well…", Mindy paused while choosing her words. "Pumpkins are so… plain." 
"Mmm…", Gideon hummed in disapproval. "You say plain, and I say versatile. It all depends on preparation. It can turn into a spice, a beverage, a dessert, or a main dish. I love pumpkins. They are my favorite fruits." 
"When you say it that way, it sounds special." 
"But you are special, my princess. I could look at your shiny exterior all day and not get bored of it, yet I crave to feast on your scrumptious flesh and delicious seeds that are deep inside you." 
Mindy swallowed hard. 
He just compared her to a pumpkin and made it sound sexy. 
She was not sure if he called her princess because of her background, or because he gave her a pet name. Before she could ask about it, he licked her left nipple, and Mindy's whole body jolted as electric currents ran through her body. 
A low growl ripped from Gideon's chest as Mindy's flavors of pumpkin overloaded his system, firing up every nerve in his body and he sucked on her harshly while enjoying the tenderness that filled his mouth. She was perfect. More than perfect. 
The scent of her arousal muddled with his brain and for the first time in decades, he allowed his urges to take over as his wolf took over. 
He moved down her body with urgency and he bit on the delicate fabric of her panties, using his elongated fangs to tear through it with ease, transforming it into tatters that fell on the floor in slow motion. 
Gideon's hands moved to spread her legs, and there was Mindy, lying on the table with her legs spread as far as they go, exposing her private parts for Gideon to see. 
He was not sure where to look first… at her flushed face from arousal, her breasts that swayed as she breathed, or at her glistening pussy that was right there for him. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 405 - Mindy And Gideon (3)
Chapter 405 – Mindy And Gideon (3)
Gideon took half a step back, and he didn't let go of Mindy's legs while observing the pumpkin-infused beauty in front of him. 
It was all there, on the table, a mouthwatering feast, and it was all his. 
Mindy bit her lower lip in anticipation as Gideon lowered himself at the cradle of her thighs and took a deep breath. 
If she knew this would happen, she would tidy up down there. It's not that she was unkempt, but he was her mate, and it was special, and she wanted to leave a good impression. She regretted not getting a Brazilian waxing the last time she went to a spa. 
But he didn't seem to mind. Actually, he seemed delighted by the sight in front of him. 
Gideon used his right leg to pull a chair closer, and he sat on the chair with his head hovering above Mindy's intimate bush. 
The whole scene looked like Gideon sat for a meal, and Mindy was it. 
She saw him getting lower, and his breath fanned her moist flesh, and there it was… 
"AH!", Mindy inhaled loudly, and her eyes rolled at the back of her head when he licked her clit in a long, mighty stroke. And then he buried his face there and licked and sucked her like there is no tomorrow, releasing low growls that vibrated against her flesh. 
Mindy struggled to breathe. She had guys go down on her before, but this was out of this world. Gideon obviously knew what he was doing, and the sensational sparks amplified the experience several folds. 
She could see his head stuck between her legs that were spread wide because he was holding onto her thighs. She wanted to reach for his head or hand, but she was leaning on her elbows and if she extended her arm, she would plop completely flat on her back, and she really wanted to see Gideon worshiping her pussy with his tongue. 
That was her mate, and she was not sure if her orgasm was building so quickly because he knew how to handle a woman's body, or because they were mates. She chose the latter because the sheer thought of Gideon doing something like this to another woman made Mindy see red. He was hers and she was not willing to share, not now, and not ever! 
"What are you thinking about?", he spoke against her flesh. 
"What?", she asked breathily. 
He tilted his head to see her, and she didn't approve that he stopped his ministrations. 
"Your mind is wandering, princess." 
She realized that he could feel her emotions and just now she was… jealous. 
Mindy's eyes widened when he stood up. Is he going to leave her like that? She really wanted him to get back there. She was close, damnit! 
She held back her words of protest when Gideon tugged his boxer shorts down, exposing his erect cock, right there, between her legs. He was so close that she could feel his heat splashing against her body. 
Her lips lifted into a smile. "I thought you spoke about patience and how you want to worship every inch of my body." 
Gideon smirked and pulled her closer until her ass was at the edge of the table. "I did. But I never said that I will leave your pussy for the end." 
Mindy's breath stopped in her throat at the sight of his boyish grin and eyes that were full of passion and fire. Why did she think that Shamans are old and boring? 
Gideon put his hand between her legs, and his fingers glided between her drenched folds. 
"Lay on your back, princess…", he said, and she saw him using his wet hand to spread her juices on his cock. 
Mindy got flat on her back and her hands landed on her breasts. 
Gideon's eyes flashed when he saw Mindy twisting her nipples. It was very erotic. He loved that she was free to play with her body in front of him. 
"Ah…", a shaky sigh escaped her lips when Gideon's cock pushed between her folds. He was moving up and down, spreading her juices everywhere and rubbing on her clit, and she couldn't wait to feel him stretch her insides. 
"In public, you will be my princess.", Gideon said in a sexy low voice. "In private, you are my dirty little girl." 
Mindy's lips lifted into a smile. It confirmed that Gideon calling her 'princess' was not because she came from an Alpha family. She liked that. She liked it a lot. 
Her whole body hummed when she felt the pressure and the stretch, and the sparks made her feel so good that she feared she will lose her mind. 
"By the Moon Goddess!", Gideon hissed when he was all the way sheathed inside Mindy. "You are perfect." 
His hips inched away from her, and then he pushed back in. 
"MINE!", he growled and started pumping himself into her vigorously. 
"SHIT!", Mindy exclaimed and threw her head back, arching her body in sheer pleasure. 
She didn't care that she was completely naked, with her legs spread wide on the dining table. The only thing on her mind was the glorious cock that was sliding in and out of her, and the friction and the sparks and she wanted to get her release. 
"Ah, ah… Gideon… Ah…", she mumbled, her voice rising in pitch with his every thrust. 
Gideon grabbed her upper arm and yanked her up, into a seated position. 
Mindy immediately wrapped her arms around his torso and gripped his back, his chest pressed on hers and it was the best feeling ever! 
The new angle of his cock thrusting inside her provided a different stimulation and Mindy knew that she was only seconds away from plunging into rapture. 
She could feel him moving her hair to expose the left side of her neck and she craned her head to give him better access while admiring the fact that his hips didn't falter in the slightest. 
His lips glided over the tender skin of her neck, looking for the perfect spot, and he knew that she was almost there. Both of them were. 
"Mmm… ahh…", unintelligible sounds came from Mindy's lips, and she gasped when the orgasm hit her full force. She was grateful that he continued thrusting inside her, prolonging her flight. 
Gideon groaned when her insides coiled around his cock, pushing him into overdrive and he felt the bliss of shooting his hot seed deep inside her. 
"Ahh… ahh… AHHH!", Mindy's lustful sounds morphed into a shriek when a piercing pain radiated from her neck and she knew that was Gideon marking her, but she didn't expect that will amplify her orgasm to the point of her seeing stars in front of her closed eyes. 
She loved it and she feared that she will pass out or maybe lose her mind, all in one. 
And when the pain subsided, her body pulsated in the pleasurable rhythm of her heartbeats that matched Gideons, and she enjoyed that his strong arms were holding her gently as he tended to the wound he just created. 
Gideon hummed while licking the spot where his mark will form. 
With this, the bond was sealed. She was his, and he had his mate… finally. 
Mindy felt like floating, and she opened her eyes to see Gideon carrying her to the second door on the left. It was a storage-like room. Shelves lined the walls and were filled with boxes, jars, and other containers. The back wall had stairs that led up. 
After a flight of stairs, they emerged on the upper floor whose ceiling was slanted, following the roof, and the whole floor was an open space with a room on the side. Through the open door, Mindy could see that was the bathroom. 
A bed was along the furthest wall, a big armoire served as a closet, and there was a desk with some papers and shelves full of books, and the whole place smelled of lavender. It was Gideon's scent that only Mindy could pick up. 
Before Mindy could see more of the space, she was sinking into the mattress with Gideon on top of her. 
"How are you feeling, princess?", he asked while nuzzling her nose with his. 
"Fantastic.", she responded with a dreamy smile. "You?" 
"Never better." 
And then he gave her a mind-spinning kiss that was an announcement of another crazy ride. 
Mindy gasped when he pushed inside her again, and she embraced him with her arms and legs, hoping that he will never let go of her. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 406 - The Party At The Packhouse (2) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 406 – The Party At The Packhouse (2) [Bonus Chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, Cece_Mendoza, for the Magic Castle gifted on March 7, 2022! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
– – – 
In the packhouse… 
James was having fun with Petra, Erik, and Zack. The four of them didn't shout or raise their feet on the table (they would do that if the atmosphere was teenager-friendly). However, they were happily playing with their phones and chatting in a lively mood which stood out because everyone else was visibly older and much more serious. 
Petra, Erik, and Zack were in high spirits. When they got their mission to accompany future Alpha James, they were apprehensive about it, but after experiencing the whole day of fun, they realized that they were wrong about it. 
First, they had a scrumptious breakfast in the packhouse, which was followed by a whole day of playing in the town with James. All expenses were covered, courtesy of Alpha Damon. 
Second, they got to stay in the packhouse for the time being, with each of them getting a room. It was like a vacation! 
Third, they were attending this event with big shots from the pack, and James' presence allowed them to be casual about it. It was fantastic! 
James was enjoying his time with his new friends, but part of his attention was on his surroundings. 
He overheard many talks about Marcy as the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, how Damon will announce their union, and they wondered when she will make her appearance. The excitement about Marcy was building up. 
Some groups were talking about Talia; how she secured them a tribute from the Steelbite pack and provided a scent concealer for their warriors, but those talks quickly simmered down in favor of Marcy, no matter how much Maya and Caden tried to stir the conversation about Talia. At most, people acknowledged her as Alpha Damon's assistant. 
One of the Elders even said, "As a member of our pack, it's normal that she contributes. Every one of us did the same…", and then he asked when Marcy will come. 
James also noticed that Elder Samson and Elder Charlie were eyeing his table, and he knew that they were waiting for the right timing to approach him. After two drinks, the duo decided to make their move. 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie were the only Elders who heard that Talia was Damon's mate, so they didn't want to talk in favor of Marcy or Talia. However, no matter what happens to Marcy, disregarding James would be a bad move because he is the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack. 
"Future Alpha James", Elder Samson called in his official tone. 
James looked up at the Elders and he nodded at each of them while calling out names, "Elder Samson, Elder Charlie, Elder Agatha. Nice to see you.", he ended with a pleasantry. 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie were not aware that at the last minute Elder Agatha attached herself to their group of two. 
The duo turned toward Elder Agatha who looked like she was always there, and they cursed internally. Gossip-hungry wench! 
Elder Agatha was happy that James called her name. He recognized her! It made her feel important. She didn't know that Alpha Edward got James to memorize Elders from all major packs, including their background and roles. 
James was surprised to see so many Elders in the Dark Howlers pack. Other packs would give those titles to retired high-ranking members, but only to the ones with Alpha, Beta, and Gamma bloodlines. Maybe, a retired general who made significant contributions would get this title. The most Elders James counted was four, in the Spring Leaf pack, and this group of fifty-something Elders was more like a circus. 
James' tutor explained to the youngster that Alpha Jacob (aka Damon's father) was generous in giving these titles because he believed that dividing power will reduce corruption. How wrong he was. It only made Elders fight for a larger piece of the pie, many resorting to establishing connections with other packs and causing discord from within. That eventually lead to the downfall of Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet. Of course, those were just theories, but it's a fact that the Dark Howlers pack has many Elders, yet neither of them wields any power as Alpha Damon is not even using them as his advisors. 
All of them hold empty titles. 
If he didn't need to play his role, James would ignore those old geezers. 
"We see you are having fun, so we just came to greet you.", Elder Charlie said. 
"How nice of you. My father will be pleased." James knew exactly what to say to make those Elders happy, and he hoped they will leave as soon as possible. 
"It seems that you made friends with young stars of our pack…", Elder Samson said while gesturing toward Erik, Zack, and Petra to what James nodded in response. 
"I am lucky to have them as guides and company. They are telling me about the opportunities you are offering here and I will discuss with my father if we can have something like that in the Red Moon pack." 
James hoped that there won't be questions about what they were doing, because he didn't want to lie, but he also didn't want to say how they were playing in the town instead of training. 
James wondered if he, Zack, Erik, and Petra can leave. Maybe they could go to the lounge? That should be empty. There they can talk and continue playing games without being interrupted. 
Instead of leaving, Elder Agatha asked, "When can we expect your sister to join us?" 
Elder Charlie and Elder Samson had matching stiff expressions. It was obvious that Elder Agatha snuck on them with an intention to probe the situation related to Marcy. Did she already forget their warnings to keep her opinions to herself until Alpha Damon makes it official? 
The duo wondered if they return to the bar. After exchanging quick glances, they each took a step back, leaving Elder Agatha in front, as a silent signal that the old woman was on her own. 
"Why do you think that my sister will join?", James asked. 
"Well…", Elder Agatha was confused. "Marcy just came from Europe recently and is visiting our pack for the first time. I heard a lot of good things about her, and I'm eager to meet her." 
"You are right.", James responded. "She just came from Europe and seeing a big pack other than ours is novel. My sister visited Darkbourne yesterday and she spent today in the human city. She didn't confirm her presence at this event." 
"She didn't?", Elder Agatha said absentmindedly. 
James smirked. "It seems that you are confused. Did your invitation say how my sister will be present?" 
"No. But this is the event for the Elders and the visiting guests, so I assumed…" 
"I am a visiting guest.", James cut her off. "Other than me, there are three more people at this table. They are also visiting. If you look around, you will see people from other packs. My sister's presence is not crucial for this dinner event. At least that's what she told me." 
Elder Agatha glanced around helplessly only to see that Elder Charlie and Elder Samson left at some point. She was on her own. 
James was looking at her with a mocking grin that told her he was looking down on her, silently reminding her that he is an Alpha and she is not. 
"I apologize, future Alpha James. It was my mistake.", she said stiffly. 
"It seems you are making mistakes often, Elder Agatha." 
The elder woman frowned at James. "What do you mean?" 
"Your reputation reached me before you did.", James said stoically. "I thought that it was just an exaggeration, but now I understand why Alpha Damon diminished your importance." 
Elder Agatha wondered if her ears malfunctioned. Did this pup just insult her? But he was a son of an Alpha… and not just any Alpha, but Alpha Edward, the Alpha of the Red Moon pack, the second largest pack in North America. She didn't dare show arrogance. 
. . . 
Note: pic of Dawn and George as a couple is added to chapter 389 (where he marks her). 
. . . 
Comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission!
###Chapter 407 - The Party At The Packhouse (3)
Chapter 407 – The Party At The Packhouse (3)
Elder Agatha gritted her teeth and lowered her head in front of James. "Again, I apologize, future Alpha James. I know what I did wrong." 
"Do you?", James asked, his voice full of arrogance. "I hope you do. If this repeats, Alpha Damon and my father will hear about it. You may leave." 
Elder Agatha turned around and walked away while sulking. 
The truth was that she didn't know why James showed hostility. She only asked when Marcy will come down to the party. But then… Elder Agatha knew that those young Alphas have no respect for Elders, and every next generation was worse than the previous one. 
With her peripheral vision, Elder Agatha could see mocking glances directed her way. Of course, these were werewolves, and even though they were not close, they could clearly hear what was said, as long as they were paying attention. 
She knew that none of them sympathized with her. Why would they? If she was down, it meant they have one less Elder to compete with. Scoundrels! 
At the table with four teenagers, James' eyes moved to the right, and he saw Damon looking back at him. 
They spoke before the party, and James agreed to give neutral responses to everyone who asks about Marcy, not confirming her attendance at the party, but not denying her presence in the packhouse either. 
James and Damon exchanged barely noticeable nods, and then James gave his attention to his three friends at the table who looked at him with a mix of awe and disbelief. 
Zack was first to speak. "Is that how you normally act?" 
James waved, indicating that they should move to another topic. "Don't worry about it. If I don't show them who is the boss, they will start lecturing me, and that's not why I'm here." 
"Man… that was Elder Agatha.", Erik said in a hushed voice. 
James scoffed. "So?" 
"She holds grudges.", Petra said and leaned closer, her voice going down to barely above a whisper. "They all do." 
James shrugged like it's not a big deal. "As I said, it's no wonder that Alpha Damon diminished their importance." 
James looked in the direction where Elder Agatha went. "Do you think that any of them would come here if my father is not an Alpha? They don't know anything about me, yet they are showing fake respect and trying to leave a good impression. They are acting like they are above others because they are Elders. How can one be important when there are so many of them on the same level?" 
Petra was gesturing to James to lower his voice, but he didn't care, and he continued talking, "Every person should have the right to show what he or she can do, and the best one gets the prize. However, once they stop performing at a satisfactory level, they should step down. Titles shouldn't be given lightly, and no position should be for life regardless of the bloodline or previous achievements." 
Petra, Erik, and Zack looked at James with complicated expressions. They never heard someone with a bloodline that grants him status speak that way. 
James knew what his three friends were thinking, and he felt a bit guilty. Would they accept him if they knew that he suspects how Alpha Edward was not his father? James didn't want to go there. 
This was the most fun he had in his life, and he didn't want to spoil it. He would rather let them think that he is a righteous young prince than to see him as an impostor. 
His eighteenth birthday was still two years away, but whenever he thought about not having his Alpha aura, that birthday felt like it was just around the corner, bringing an uncertain future with it. 
The truth will be revealed naturally when the time comes, and James hoped that he can extend that deadline, because right there, at that moment, he felt that he could breathe freely. 
… 
Maddox and Tatiana entered the event hall and made their way toward Damon who was at the table with Tony and Kalina. 
Maddox didn't care about these Elders; he already knew that they were giving a hard time to Damon. If Maddox showed goodwill, they might get an illusion that he disapproves of Damon, and latch onto him. He knew many like that and avoided them like plague. If this was not for Damon and his mate (aka Talia), Maddox wouldn't be here. 
Tatiana said that she was not ready to go to the Blue River pack, and Maddox had no problems with that. He was already planning to get them a hotel suite in town, something with a nice view. But Damon extended his welcome to as long as they want, and Maddox took him on that offer. It would be hard to explain to humans all the grunting, moaning, and occasional howling. 
"Nice of you to join us.", Kalina said teasingly with a big smile while eyeing her sister who wore a sleeveless black knee-length dress with golden details that fit her perfectly, and matching jewelry. Tatiana always had outfits ready for any social occasion. 
Maddox also looked sharp in black trousers and a white shirt. 
After exchanging greetings, Maddox pulled a chair for Tatiana to sit and took a seat next to her. His arm rested around Tatiana's shoulders as he looked around and then he asked, "Where are Mindy and Talia?" He tried mind-linking Mindy before they came down, but she was not responding. 
"They went out for a bit.", Damon responded and glanced at the time. "Actually, they should be back soon." 
With every passing minute, Damon's displeasure was rising. 
He could feel Talia's emotions, and he tried to gauge what was going on there. She was not in distress, but she was not truly happy either. It was like she had a lot on her mind. Damon sent her a few texts, and she responded that they will talk when she comes back. Strange. 
But his uneasiness was swelling by the minute as he heard whispers related to Marcy. 
The good thing was that after James' talk with Elder Agatha, the Elders toned down their chatter about Marcy showing up in a grand way. 
Unfortunately, they were talking about Talia as his assistant, and Maya's idea of reminding them of Talia's contributions didn't catch on as expected. They were all focused on Marcy like she was someone important. 
Well, ively, Marcy was important because she is the daughter of Alpha Edward, but that's it. 
Damon was irritated. How come none of these people were willing to acknowledge how awesome Talia is? 
He wanted to talk to the Elders, but Maya told him how that's not a good idea. "If you talk in Talia's favor, they will assume you are doing it because she seduced you. We know that they see you as an immature and impulsive Alpha. Let's not give them more ammunition. We don't want them to think that the only thing Talia has is her skills in bed…" 
Damon knew that Maya was right, but the more he listened, the more his instincts for disaster were tingling. Unless something super-unexpected happened, this evening will be a total failure. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 408 - The Party At The Packhouse (4)
Chapter 408 – The Party At The Packhouse (4)
With his uneasiness increasing, Damon was contemplating to meet Talia in front of the packhouse. They would sit in a car, drive into the night, and never look back. 
Even Damon's wolf thought how escaping might be a good idea. The old beast was always advising him to take care of his pack, so this change in priorities confirmed that their current situation was not good. 
With Marcy's bad condition worsening, Alpha Edward will definitely use it as leverage against Damon. In addition to that, the power struggle among Elders and many others who were not present at the party was never-ending and it was draining him physically and emotionally. 
If Damon followed the well-established practices (which his father abandoned), the only woman with qualifications to be an Elder was Stephanie. She was not a Beta, but her mate was a Beta and she definitely contributed to the pack as Luna Violet's confidant, and as a person Damon could rely on. Ironically, she didn't want it. 
When Damon took over as the Alpha, he thought of removing the Elder role completely. However, that would cause outrage and internal conflicts, and he had a lot of crap to deal with from the outside, so the things dragged. 
Before Talia entered his life, Damon was focused on securing a good lifestyle for his pack members and protecting them from attackers. He would fight and argue when someone confronted him, and he enjoyed fleeting pleasures of alcohol and women. Damon thought how that was as good as it gets. 
But, now he had Talia. 
With Talia by his side, Damon experienced what it meant to be relaxed, happy, accepted, and he wanted to be with his mate and leave all the troubles behind. 
There was a time when he put the needs of his pack first, but Talia's happiness was becoming more important by the day, and his happiness was tied to hers. 
As the danger to Talia's safety increased, Damon was actually considering leaving everything behind. 
Yes, he was born and raised as an Alpha, that was in his blood, but what was the point of having a pack, power, and riches, if his most important person gets hurt? 
It was a tough choice, and Damon hoped that he won't end up in a position where he needed to choose. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
A wave of murmurs swept the event hall when George and Dawn made an appearance. 
George was wearing jeans pants and a blue shirt, while Dawn was in a red summer dress that had spaghetti straps and it reached below her knees. They were both casual, yet not offensive, but what stood out was George's arm around Dawn's shoulders. 
Damon frowned when he heard whispers. 
[I thought that Commander George will accompany Marcy. Isn't he Marcy's guard?] 
[Isn't that our Dawn with him?] 
[When do you think Marcy will arrive?] 
[Why is Commander George so close to Dawn? It's one thing what they are doing in private, but this is a public event.] 
[Is Commander's appearance a sign that Alpha Damon should go and fetch Marcy?] 
Damon facepalmed. Marcy-this, Marcy-that. It was like this crowd drank some Marcy-related drug and can't talk about anything other than her. The only good thing was that no one mentioned the other woman (aka Nora) who was in the dungeon. At least he didn't need to come up with a cover-up to explain her absence. 
But this event was now more than just clarifying Damon's availability for marriage. This was about figuring out if George will be an ally, a puppet, or an enemy. 
Damon was surrounded by hyenas who were eager for him to mess it up, and this was the situation where he would figure out who will really help him, and who was just talking. 
It's easy to be friends in good times. Only when facing challenges, will the true nature of a person be exposed. 
So far, James showed himself to be useful. It was George's turn. 
Damon stood up and went to meet George and Dawn. 
Dawn stiffened when she saw Damon walking toward them. 
She thought that attending this event with George will be a blast, but when she saw all those Elders scrutinizing her, she thought how maybe that was not such a good idea. 
No one was dancing. People were standing or sitting in small groups and talking in murmurs, creating a stifling atmosphere that made Dawn's hairs stand on ends. How was this a party? And now even Alpha Damon was coming toward them and the only thing preventing Dawn from running away was George's firm arm around her shoulders. 
"Commander George", Damon was first to extend his greeting. He glanced at Dawn and gave her a small nod. "Dawn…" His eyes lingered at the left side of her neck and he could see that it was red and some patterns were forming. It was George's mark. 
The more Damon saw newly mated couples getting marked, the more he regretted not doing that with Talia. If she wore his mark, no one would doubt her identity. He was so stupid! Damon decided to push the marking up on the list of his priorities. Who cares about Talia's wolf? When the old beast comes around, she will understand, and if she doesn't… well, she will have to accept it. 
After exchanging pleasantries, Damon returned his attention to George. "I am happy that you could join us. I know that you would rather be somewhere else." 
"We are here on Dawn's insistence.", George responded. "I'm not sure if we will stay until the end. I hope you will forgive us if we leave early." 
"As long as you stay for dinner, that will be enough.", Damon said. "By the time you finish with dessert, I will be done with my announcements. I hope you will join us at the table." 
Damon really wanted to go to the study and have a long private talk with George, but this was not the time. For tonight, Damon thought of having George nearby and gauging his attitude. 
Dawn swallowed a lump of air. Did Alpha Damon say how they should eat with them at the table? Dawn would love to be close to Talia, but everyone else was intimidating. Her ears were buzzing, and she was not sure if George accepted the offer or not. 
She was working in the packhouse for years and knew it like the back of her palm, yet now it felt foreign and Dawn wanted to leave. 
Dawn was looking left and right, and she spotted Zina at the table with refreshments. She was refilling the plate with cocktail meatballs. 
At that moment, Zina looked like a beacon of safety in the middle of a stormy night, and Dawn really needed to see a friendly face. 
"Excuse me…", Dawn said in a small voice and looked up at George. "I will be back in a minute." She shimmied out of his hold and headed toward Zina. Dawn was not comfortable talking with Alpha Damon, and George can tell her later what he decided. 
As long as she was with George, it will be fine. Hopefully. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 409 - The Party At The Packhouse (5) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 409 – The Party At The Packhouse (5) [Bonus Chapter]
"You should put those closer together…", Dawn said when she approached Zina. 
Zina turned to see behind her, to make sure it was not just her imagination. "Dawn." 
Zina was really happy to see her friend. They saw each other earlier that afternoon when Zina brought things to Dawn, but that was only briefly with George around. Dawn and Zina were together most of the time, so this day-long separation felt like forever. 
"You look stunning." 
Dawn smiled. "You think? Thank you for the dress." 
If Zina didn't bring her the dress, Dawn wouldn't have anything to wear. And Zina brought her more than just a dress. She brought a carry-on with several changes of clothes and toiletries, and Zina did that by rushing to Dawn's apartment while potatoes were in the oven. Ivy and Lily made sure nothing burned until Zina came back. 
Zina shook her head. "It's not about the dress. It's you, D. You are glowing." 
Dawn smiled until her cheeks hurt. She was happy. 
Zina had so many questions, but she knew that this was not the time to sit and talk about juicy details. However, she was eager to find out some bits. 
"So, how is life in high society?", Zina asked Dawn teasingly. She leaned closer and spoke in a whisper, "Or should I ask, how is the life under Commander George?" 
Dawn's eyes flashed in outrage, but she couldn't suppress the giggles that burst unexpectedly. Dawn quickly blocked her mouth with her hands while hoping that people were not staring at her. She didn't dare to look around and verify. 
"Come on.", Zina urged Dawn to say something. "Did you get what you wanted? Is he a sex machine that provides endless orgasms?" 
"Shh…", Dawn waved her hands. It's one thing when they were goofing around in private, but this was a fancy party, and they shouldn't have sex talks. 
Zina rolled her eyes. "Don't you shush me. I could smell it in the room sin. Pure sin. Now tell me while I refill this tray… how big is he? Is it just the size, or does he have technique also?" 
Dawn could feel her cheeks heating up. "I'm not going to talk about it here. People might hear." 
"Yeah, like anyone cares what we will talk about." Zina inched closer and said in a whisper, "They are mostly talking about Marcy." 
At the mention of Marcy, Dawn's chest tightened. Other than Marcy being unconscious, she was also George's first mate, and Dawn couldn't stay indifferent while thinking about that woman. 
Part of Dawn was angry at Marcy because she rejected and hurt George, and another part feared if George had any lingering feelings toward Marcy. Sure, he was totally focused on Dawn, but what will happen when Marcy wakes up? What if Marcy regrets rejection and asks George to take her back? Dawn didn't want to think about it. 
"What are they saying about Marcy?", Dawn asked stiffly. 
"You know… things like… when will she make her appearance." 
Dawn felt guilty. Her mind was muddled by the fluffy clouds that resembled George, and she forgot that they were in a state of emergency. If people found out that Marcy is in a sorry state and that Alpha Damon is concealing it… who knows what will happen? It was a serious situation, yet Dawn ditched them from the moment she realized that George was her mate. 
"What's the status on our side?" 
Zina shrugged. "Her condition is unchanged and…" Zina stopped talking when she saw two Elders approaching the table where she was with Dawn. 
It was an older man and an older woman, known as Elder Thomas and Elder Patsy. Not the most pleasant ones in the bunch. They all had an inflated sense of self-importance, and their sour expressions told Zina and Dawn that they were coming to cause trouble. 
"Should you be lingering here and chatting?", Elder Patsy asked and then her eyes settled on Dawn. "You don't look like you came to work." 
Dawn didn't like their attitude, but she didn't want to bicker and stir a commotion. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Zina responded in Dawn's place, "Dawn is not working tonight. She is a guest." 
Elder Thomas sneered. They all knew that Dawn was one of the Omegas who worked in the packhouse. "A guest? Do you think that because you have Commander George's favor you can do as you please?" He stiffened when he saw George approaching them in large strides. 
George reached Dawn in a flash. 
"Are you OK?" 
Dawn nodded in confirmation, genuinely touched by his care. She really didn't expect that he will come to her like that, and she could feel his concern for her. 
George put his arm around Dawn's shoulders and looked at two Elders. "Dawn is with me. Do you have a problem with that?" 
While talking to Damon, George felt that Dawn's mood suddenly dropped, and he told Damon that he needed to check on her. He didn't expect that before he reached them, two Elders will be there. George heard them clearly saying how she was latching onto him. 
George saw this type of disrespect many times in the Red Moon pack, but he didn't expect it here where Omegas are treated fairly; at least that's what the reports about the Dark Howlers pack say. 
Dawn was flabbergasted. The truth was that no one spoke to her like this before, and this was at a party, in front of George, and even Alpha Damon was there. Why did he come after George? 
Damon narrowed his eyes at two Elders. "Thomas, Patsy…", he called without using their titles, which rubbed the duo the wrong way, but they didn't dare to . 
Damon might be several times their junior, but he was the Alpha, and he could make them submit and spill their secrets with a sheer thought. That would be a disaster. 
"Didn't I ask you to show hospitality to our guests? Is this the impression we want to leave?" 
Elder Patsy smiled stiffly. "Alpha Damon. We were talking with two Omegas…" 
"I heard what you said.", Damon cut her off. "Even Commander George heard the insult you threw at his mate." 
Both Elder Patsy and Elder Thomas visibly paled and their eyes moved to Dawn's neck. They didn't pay attention so far, but now that Damon mentioned it, Dawn clearly had some marks on the left side of her neck. 
Two Elders cursed internally. Why didn't Dawn say anything? 
Dawn leaned closer into George because she didn't like how they were looking at her. 
"Do I need to remind you that Commander George is the highest-ranking Commander in the Red Moon pack?", Damon spoke sternly. "Do you know that by offending his mate you are offending him? Are you aware of how this might escalate if he decides to raise it as an issue with Alpha Edward? Or should I just offer your heads and hope it will be enough to avoid war?" 
The more Damon spoke, the more Elder Patsy and Elder Thomas shrunk. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 410 - The Party At The Packhouse (6)
Chapter 410 – The Party At The Packhouse (6)
Elder Patsy and Elder Thomas were irritated that Damon invited them to a party without any set agenda, and then he left them to their own devices to guess the reason why they were here, and no one confirmed or denied the relevance of Marcy. 
Alpha Damon was sitting at the table leisurely and ignoring his guests. 
Dawn showing up here all dressed up was the trigger to make them go and vent some of their frustration. How can a plain Omega join a party with Elders and act like she belongs there? 
But now that Damon revealed she was Commander George's mate, Dawn was not just an Omega. This was serious. 
Elder Patsy and Elder Thomas were not sure what to do. 
"Will you apologize? Or are you expecting me to do it in your place?", Damon asked two Elders stiffly. "If Commander George doesn't feel your sincerity, I will need to ask you to leave. As a host, I can't allow my guests to be uncomfortable, and tomorrow he will decide on how to deal with this. I believe that we all agree on the point of how jeopardizing our relationship with the Red Moon pack is not a good idea." 
Elder Patsy and Elder Thomas exchanged quick glances. 
'What should we do?', Elder Patsy asked Elder Thomas through the mind-link. 
'Do you think we have a choice?', the other one responded. 
'It's either you apologize, or I put you in the dungeon for colluding to start a war.', Damon's stern voice was heard by both Elders who looked at Damon in horror. Somehow, they forgot that Alpha can effortlessly get into any mind-link communication between his pack members. Nothing is private. That's the power of an Alpha. 
Elder Patsy was first to bow to George. "I apologize. It was my mistake for acting without thinking." 
George scoffed. "It's not me you need to apologize to." 
Elder Patsy's face paled. Was she supposed to apologize to an Omega? But what were her options? 
"I hope you will be magnanimous and forgive this old woman for her shortsightedness.", Elder Patsy said to Dawn. 
"Please accept my apologies as well.", Elder Thomas was quick to add. 
Dawn blinked once, twice, and then she looked up at George who was smiling at her. 
"It's on you to figure out if they are sincere enough.", George said to Dawn. 
Dawn glanced at two Elders who still had their heads lowered. Were they sincere? Absolutely not! She knew very well that if not for George's identity, and Alpha Damon being there, those two wouldn't spare her a single glance. But they were making a spectacle, so Dawn decided to be the bigger person. However, she needed to vent some of her frustration. 
"Elder Parker.", Dawn called. "You hurt my feelings. You know my grandma well, and you watched me grow up. How can you assume that I will come to this kind of a party because I seduced a man? I forgive you, but I am disappointed." 
She looked at the other Elder. "Elder Thomas, you and my grandpa go fishing together every Sunday. I will tell him what you said, and how you embarrassed me and our pack in front of my mate." 
"Thank you, dear.", Elder Parker said, and she tugged Elder Thomas to move backward with her, and after bowing to George and Damon, the duo swiftly walked to the other side of the event hall. 
"Thank you.", George said to Damon. 
"No need to thank me.", Damon said. "This gave you firsthand experience into what I'm dealing with. There are not many in my pack who would look down on Omegas, but I can guarantee that most of them are right now in this room." 
George understood that Damon was not telling him this without a reason. "How can I help?" 
Damon shook his head. "This is my mess, and you shouldn't dirty your hands with it. Tomorrow morning, let's meet in my study and discuss opportunities for future collaborations. As for tonight, I hope that you won't contribute to the recoil after I make my announcement. That's all." 
Damon walked away, and George looked after him with a complex expression. 
"George?", Dawn called. "Do you want to eat something? Or…" 
"I want to feed you.", George interrupted her and went to fetch two plates. He returned by Dawn's side and eyed the table that was full of various food items. Every table had one plate with bite-sized appetizers, but this table was full of all kinds of delicacies, and George was not sure from where to start. 
"What's good here?" 
"Everything is good.", Dawn said and glanced at Zina who was still there, but a few steps away, to give them privacy. "My best friend made these so they must be delicious." 
George glanced at Zina and gave her a small nod before starting to pile up food on plates. 
Dawn looked at Zina and the two friends exchanged smiles. Zina waved and left the event hall, happy for Dawn, but feeling a bit lonely. 
Normally, this would be Zina and Dawn together, excitedly chattering about hot guys they spotted or some gossip they overheard while refilling serving trays, but now it was just Zina, and there was no one to talk to. 
Zina wondered when will she find her mate. Dawn was twenty years old, and Zina turned twenty-five already. If they followed some order, Zina should be first, but it seemed that the Moon Goddess had other plans for her. 
"What took you so long?", Ivy asked when Zina appeared in the kitchen. Ivy and Lily were finalizing preparations for the dinner. 
"I saw Dawn and we spoke a bit.", Zina responded. 
"Is the mark forming on her neck already?", Lily asked excitedly. 
Zina confirmed and decided to change the topic. "Is there anything else to take there?", she asked Stephanie. 
"No. Dinner will be served in fifteen minutes.", Stephanie said. "Pour soup in serving bowls. Zina, you will be in charge of ensuring that everyone is served in a timely manner. Ivy, you take care of breadsticks, Lily, you are on beverages…" Stephanie started issuing orders and she summoned Rose and a few more Omegas to help them with serving. Dinner was the busiest part of the evening and it needed to be perfect. 
… 
Dawn continued looking at the side door for some time after Zina's figure disappeared through there. She guessed what her friend was feeling, and she wished for the power to help Zina find that special someone who will make her happy. 
Dawn looked at George and her eyes widened when she saw that he was holding two plates heaping with food, and he was still putting food on there! 
"That's enough.", Dawn spoke with urgency. "This is before dinner." 
George gave her a lopsided smile. "It's fine. We will need it." He winked. "The night is long, and I plan to use every minute of it." 
Dawn could feel her cheeks heating. The way he looked at her made her feel naked, but she didn't hate it. That was her mate, her other half. It was supposed to be that way. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 411 - The Party At The Packhouse (7)
Chapter 411 – The Party At The Packhouse (7)
George led the way toward the largest table in the event hall where Damon was sitting with Maya, Caden, Maddox, Tanya, Tony, and Kalina. 
The table next to it had Paul, Nate, and Greg sitting with three Generals of the Dark Howlers pack, and a table further down was with James, Petra, Erik, and Zack. 
Other tables were occupied by the Elders and some other important people from the Dark Howlers pack. 
George kept two plates with food on the table and pulled a chair for Dawn to sit. 
Dawn gingerly took a seat and looked at the lineup at the table. She really wished for Talia to be there. 
The truth was that even George was surprised when Damon invited them to sit at his table. George assumed that they will be seated with Paul, Nate, and Greg because, based on rankings, that's where he belonged. 
This seating upgrade confirmed George's suspicion that Damon knew about his real identity as the Alpha, and he had a strong hunch how tomorrow's talk with Damon will address that topic. 
"You must be Dawn.", Kalina spoke first. "Nice to meet you. I am Kalina, Tony's mate. We all heard that Commander George found his mate. Allow me to congratulate you and wish you all the best in the years to come." 
Dawn nodded while thanking Kalina and Dawn's words came out choppy because she was super-nervous. Dawn knew very well who Kalina was. The whole edition of WW Magazine was dedicated to covering her Luna announcement ceremony. 
"Relax, Dawn.", Maya said. "No one will bite you." 
"I might.", George said under his breath and Dawn's head whipped to look at him. How can he say something so outrageous with all these high-ranking people at the table? 
Maya stifled a laugh. She found it amusing that Dawn, who usually talks dirty without any shame, was suddenly acting like a shy schoolgirl. And this straightforward blurt from George solidified Maya's theory that all high-ranking werewolves become shameless when they find their mate. 
"Let me introduce you.", Maya said while taking the role of a host in Talia's absence. "We all know each other, but let's make it official…" 
Dawn paid attention to Maya as she talked, and Dawn was startled when a fork with food on it appeared in front of her mouth. It was George and his expression told her that rejecting was not an option. Well, she was hungry. 
Dawn obediently opened her mouth and returned her attention to Maya while enjoying the feel of George's heat seeping from his palm into her shoulder, and it all came with delicious sparks that confirmed this was really happening, it was real… she was sitting at the table with her mate and other important people. 
How Dawn saw this, the only ones missing were Talia and Zina. She was not sure where Talia went, as for Zina… regardless of how fairly they treated Omegas in the Dark Howlers pack, Zina was not qualified to sit at that table. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Damon's expression lit up when he saw Talia appear at the door. His warriors mind-linked him when they arrived and said that Talia was on her way to the event hall, but his heart still beat wildly as she walked toward him. 
Damon stood up when Talia approached their table. 
He pulled a chair for her. "That took a while.", he grumbled. Yes, it was just over an hour, but it felt like forever. 
"I'm back on time for dinner. Isn't that what we agreed upon?", Talia asked. 
Damon glanced to see that no one else came with Talia. She was on her own. 
Damon was aware of how many grudges he and Shaman had, and he didn't have much hope that Talia will convince him to come, but he still hoped for a miracle. He didn't care about Mindy. 
"Let me get some food for you.", Damon said, and he paused when Talia put her hand over his. 
"No need. Dinner should be here soon.", Talia said and glanced at the plate in front of Damon. "You can give me a few of those. It doesn't look like you ate much." 
Damon gave up on getting more and poked with his fork a sausage that was wrapped in puff pastry to give to Talia. She was right. He didn't eat because he was waiting for her to return. 
Talia smiled at the sight of Dawn who sat there and ate what George fed her. It was such a heartwarming scene, especially Dawn's awkwardness and cheeks full of food that reminded Talia of herself only a few weeks back. 
"When will Mindy come?", Kalina asked Talia. She assumed that Mindy went to change clothes or fix her hair before making her appearance. 
"She won't.", Talia answered, getting everyone's attention. 
Maddox was alerted. Mindy wouldn't miss this party unless it was serious. "What happened?" 
Talia was not sure how to say this, so she went to the point, "Mindy found her mate." 
"Eeeeh!!?", Tatiana and Kalina made silly sounds in unison. 
"Is it one of the warriors who accompanied you?", Damon asked. That would explain why they didn't respond properly to questions he asked through the mind-link. But he watched them enter the car, and there was nothing unusual when they met. 
"No. It's Gideon.", Talia said. 
Intense silence descended on the largest table in the event hall. 
"Ha, ha, ha…", Maddox laughed in slow motion. "Good one. My sister and the pack Shaman?" Isn't he like… ancient? "Why don't you try another joke?" Two seconds later, Maddox's brows came together to form a frown. "You are not joking." 
"Woah!", Kalina exclaimed. "Then, we can assume that Mindy won't join us for dinner." Kalina wiggled her eyebrows. "Mindy and the Shaman are having their own private party." 
Maddox groaned and Tatiana patted Maddox's hand. "What's with that reaction? Your sister found a mate. Shouldn't you be happy?" 
"Uhm… To be honest, I don't know how to feel. This is all too sudden." And the old dude is just too old while his sister is still wet behind her ears. What the hell!? 
"You say it's sudden, but I expected it.", Kalina said smugly. When Maddox looked at her questionably, she gestured toward Talia. "We have a theory that Lia has an ability to get mates together." 
Maddox didn't share Kalina's and Maya's belief in magic. He heard from Tatiana that the magic-crazed duo was planning to go diving into the lake in search of mermaids. 
Maddox grimaced and shook his head at Kalina. "Yeah, right. If Lia can get mates together, I can sprinkle fairy dust out of my ass and make you fly." 
"No, no… listen.", Kalina said. "Tanya was with us at the table when she realized you are her mate. Meg was also close to Lia when she saw Kai." 
"Talia was in the room when I recognized George as my mate.", Dawn said with a mouthful and Kalina pointed at Dawn excitedly, happy that Dawn added more proof. 
"And now Mindy.", Maya said while nodding knowingly and her eyes lit up. "Whoever is unmated should just stick to Lia and her ability will summon a fated mate within twenty-four hours guaranteed." 
Kalina immediately agreed with this idea, and she looked at Talia with sparkles in her eyes. "You can charge a lot of money for that service." 
Talia's eyes darted from Kalina to Maya. "Please, stop talking nonsense. Someone might hear you and think it's a real thing." Talia was still traumatized by soccer players kissing her hand while believing how it brings good luck. She didn't know that werewolves are so superstitious. "All those were just coincidences. There is no such thing as power to find one's mate." Or to make one score a goal. 
"Truth or not, you can still make a lot of money.", Tatiana chimed in, and she, Kalina, and Maya laughed. 
Damon didn't think it was funny. He actually believed in that possibility. His kitten was amazing. 
Damon's mood dropped when he realized that Gideon and Mindy being mates means that Mindy will become a member of the Dark Howlers pack. 
The dildo-gifting woman will be close to Talia! Who knows in what ways will Mindy corrupt Talia!? 
Damon didn't like it. Not even a little bit. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 412 - The Party At The Packhouse (8) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 412 – The Party At The Packhouse (8) [Bonus Chapter]
Doctor Travis arrived shortly after Talia, and he sat at the table with some other important people from the pack. 
Dinner was served and the sound of utensils clinking over low murmurs filled the space. 
Kalina and Maya chatted in a lively atmosphere with Tatiana adding to it occasionally. 
Tony and Caden enjoyed watching their mates having fun, and Maddox was totally focused on Tatiana and making sure that she always had food and drinks in front of her. 
Dawn and George were in their own bubble, feeding each other and talking in whispers, like they had no idea werewolves surrounded them and how anyone who paid attention could hear their naughty talk. 
At one glance, the atmosphere at the largest table was harmonious. 
However, Talia could feel Damon's anxiety building up with every passing minute, and there were occasions when Talia noticed that Maya and Caden were also alerted. Maddox, Tatiana, Tony, Kalina, George, and Dawn seemed carefree, but neither of them was totally relaxed. 
Damon looked at Talia gently, feed her, and held her hand on the table, but Talia could feel that Damon was on the verge of snapping when the dessert was served. 
Talia didn't need to guess why Damon's emotions were all over the place because she could clearly hear the chatter of people around them. 
[Dinner is almost over. Is it possible that Marcy won't join?] 
[Why is Alpha so close to his assistant? Isn't that a slap in Marcy's face?] 
[Nobodies are at the table with Alpha. Now I've seen everything… Don't say that. Didn't you hear that our Dawn is mated to Commander George? … Really? But what about the other one? … You mean, his assistant?] 
[How long until Alpha makes the announcement? My contacts from the Red Moon pack want me to stream it… I know, Alpha said no recordings, but still…] 
[I don't know how Alpha Edward will react when he finds out that Marcy was excluded.] 
[Alpha has a nasty temper. What if he did something to Marcy? … Shhh… Lower your voice… I know what you are trying to say. With Commander and young Alpha being here, it's odd that Marcy is absent…] 
It was obvious that the guests were expecting Marcy to be in Talia's place and Talia feared that this will end badly. Can they just cancel the whole thing? What if she just leaves this hall? 
Talia glanced at Damon and their eyes met. At that moment, the whole world stilled, leaving just the two of them moving and Talia had a feeling that no matter what happens next, Damon will be by her side, and that was the only thing that mattered. 
Talia smiled a little. She followed Damon into a waterfall, and she would follow him everywhere. Here included. 
Even if these old-timers turn against Damon, she will fight by his side because there was no way she will give up on him. 
Without breaking eye contact with Talia, Damon stood up and a swift burst of his aura got everyone's attention. The whole event hall descended into silence. 
Damon looked around and he was pleased to see that people looked at him expectantly. 
"I invited you all here because I have an announcement to make.", Damon started. 
Damon thought of many ways to go about this, but nothing worked in his mind, and the storm was inevitable. If he was about to make waves, he will do it in a big way. 
He could see George, Maddox, Tony, and Caden doting on their mates at that same table. Why was he holding back? Wasn't he the most powerful Alpha of their generation? 
Damon decided. No more games. 
"I can hear what you are talking about, and I know most of you are assuming that Marcy from the Red Moon pack will become my Luna. Well, that's not happening." 
Murmurs swelled from all directions, and Damon used his aura to shut them up. 
"You will get your turn to talk. When I'm done.", Damon said stiffly. "As you know, Marcy arrived at the Dark Howlers pack. After careful consideration, we established that our union is not possible. She is currently not in the packhouse. I didn't put her in a dungeon or restricted her movements in any way." This was the truth. "So, I hope that you will stop talking nonsense." 
Damon looked at faces that showed disbelief and anticipation and he took a deep breath before continuing. "I want you to be the first ones to know that I found my Luna." He moved to stand behind Talia and put his hands on her shoulders. "I hope you will all welcome as your Luna, Talia. My fated mate." 
Crickets. 
No one said a word. 
After a few endless seconds, Maya clicked her tongue and stood up. "Is this how you welcome your Luna?" 
Caden also stood up and moved to Damon's left. Everyone could see Talia sitting with Damon behind her, and Caden and Maya flanking them on each side. 
"Luna?", Elder Agatha spoke from the back, her voice was unusually loud in an otherwise silent room hall. "Isn't she Alpha's assistant?" 
"Yes and no.", Damon responded. "Talia is assisting me, but that's because she wanted to find out about the pack before we make it official, so I offered her to work with me." 
"She was here for the Summer Solstice. Why didn't you say anything then?", a voice came from the other side. 
"And she is not marked!", another voice chimed in. 
"Do you think we are stupid?" 
"Who is she?" 
"What's her background?" 
"Do you expect us to believe she is your mate?" 
One voice after another sounded, sometimes they overlapped until they morphed into an indistinct clamor of disapproval. 
"ENOUGH!", Damon roared with just the right amount of pressure to make everyone shut up. 
Talia could feel Damon's anger swelling and she stood up to stand next to him. The hostility aimed at them was tangible, and she wanted to be Damon's equal and share his burden. 
Talia held Damon's hand and their fingers interlaced. 
"You are right.", Talia said. Her voice was not loud, but everyone had a feeling like it came from right next to them. "Damon didn't mark me yet, and you don't know who I am, but isn't that more of a reason for you to get to know me? Is my background important?" She glanced at Damon. "I found it hard to believe at first that Damon is my mate, but the Moon Goddess paired us up, and I decided to embrace it." Her eyes swept over the people, and she could see their scrutinized gazes directed at her. "Are you daring enough to challenge us? Are you bold enough to challenge the Moon Goddess?" 
"This is not about challenging you or the Moon Goddess.", a voice came from the side, and Damon narrowed his eyes when he saw Elder Thompson standing up while talking. "This is about clarifying the situation. First thing first. We are all curious to find out what made the union between Miss Marcy and Alpha Damon impossible." 
Talia's brows came together in confusion. "Didn't you hear the part where I am Damon's fated mate?" 
"So, he rejected Miss Marcy because of you?", Elder Thomas said thoughtfully. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 413 - The Party At The Packhouse (9)
Chapter 413 – The Party At The Packhouse (9)
Damon gave Talia's hand a squeeze, indicating that he will take over. The way this was going, they were about to blame Talia if anything goes wrong with the Red Moon pack. He knew that these people perfected the game in shifting the blame. 
"You are missing the point, Elder Thomas.", Damon said stiffly. "You are not qualified to know what exactly happened between me and Miss Marcy. You should focus on things that are relevant to you. I found my fated mate. That should be a reason to celebrate, and that is why we gathered here. We will schedule Talia's Luna ceremony soon." 
"What is to say that she is your fated mate?" This voice belonged to Elder Patsy who was standing up. "I am around for a long time, and I never heard of an Alpha finding his mate and procrastinating in claiming what is his." 
Murmurs of agreement swelled through the event hall. 
A few voices said how this was disrespect to Alpha, but they were quickly drowned by others. 
Seeing that this was spiraling downwards, Damon was contemplating using his aura to suppress everyone and send them to the dungeon. But that was not a long-term solution because he couldn't kill them as they all had families within the pack. How long can he keep them locked up before their children and grandchildren complain? 
Maybe he could buy an island and send them there, like retirement for Elders. When the island is set up with basic necessities, he would move pesky Elders from the dungeon there. It sounded perfect. 
"I have no intention of convincing you that Talia is my fated mate or that she will be my Luna.", Damon said, making others fall into silence while wondering what he was up to. 
He gave up on arguing with these old geezers, and was preparing himself to suppress them all in one swift swoop when he heard someone talking… 
"But you don't need to convince us." It was Elder Samson. 
Damon frowned while wondering what Elder Samson was up to, and he gave Talia's hand another squeeze to assure her that he will handle this. 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie were observing this circus unfold and were waiting for the right timing to interject. 
The main goal was to stabilize the current situation. Just attacking Alpha Damon openly won't have a good ending. 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie couldn't believe how foolish other Elders were. How can they get so easily fired up just because someone spoke first? Didn't they notice that Elder Thomas and Elder Patsy were sitting and enjoying the show? 
Elder Samson and Elder Charlie couldn't understand how could other Elders ignore Alphas and high-ranking individuals that were at the same table with Alpha Damon. It was obvious that Damon had the support of the Blue River pack, the Lightclaw pack, and with George there and James watching all this with amusement, Elder Samson and Elder Charlie suspected that even the Red Moon pack might have a stake in this commotion. 
Just Alpha Damon could make them all kiss the ground, and with these additional people, rebelling Elders were stupid to challenge Alpha in this setting. Their strength was in utilizing their connections and stirring the masses, and this open confrontation was doomed for failure. 
Elder Charlie stood up and explained the meaning behind Elder Samson's words. "We are the older generation, and we are in the back seat for some time. Everyone knows that as an Alpha you are investing in youngsters. There is nothing wrong with that approach, and as your Elders, we support you. It's good to see that our children and grandchildren are growing strong enough to carry the glory of our pack. That also means they are the ones who should accept Miss Talia as their Luna. If you can accomplish that, we will naturally follow the suit." 
Damon knew that those two had an agenda. They were always scheming, and this won't be different. 
"I assume you have something on your mind.", Damon said. 
Elder Samson smiled knowingly. "You might be too young to remember, but we all know what kept the pack united and how your predecessors assured we know who the best choice is to lead us." 
Damon had a bad feeling about this, and his instincts were proven right when Elder Samson continued. 
"On every full moon, our Alpha and Luna would lead the pack run. We didn't have one since Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet passed, but now that you found your Luna, the tradition we followed for centuries can be revived." Elder Samson paused and spoke to others in the room, "Full moon is a week from now. I suggest that we all keep to ourselves what we heard tonight until we see how our Alpha and his Luna perform during the pack run." 
The murmurs swelled again, and Elder Charlie waved his arms, to get everyone to quiet down. "What do you say? Should we give them a chance to prove themselves? There were times when we questioned Alpha Damon's methods, but no one can deny that he always protected the pack and worked in everyone's interest. When we leave this place, we will tell everyone how a week from now, our Alpha will lead a pack run with his future Luna. Will that be Talia or some other female, it will be Alpha Damon's decision. Our active pack members will decide if the Luna Alpha Damon brings will be accepted…" 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Guests dispersed, and Maya and Caden were escorting everyone out and ensuring that no one was left lingering. 
Greg, Paul, and Nate went to the Shifters nightclub with several people they met during dinner. 
"Do you need me now?", Maddox asked Damon. Maddox and Tatiana were the last ones left at their table with Damon and Talia. 
"No. Go and enjoy with your mate. Thanks for tonight.", Damon responded. "Your presence was the support I needed." 
Damon had a feeling that most of the Elders held back because of guests from other packs. They put a lot of weight on their external image. 
With their table cleared up, Doctor Travis approached them. "I'm sorry Alpha. I tried to tell them…" 
"I know.", Damon interrupted him. "I appreciate your efforts but there was nothing you could do." Damon heard Travis telling Elders how what they were doing was disregarding Alpha's authority, but Elders echoed each other's displeasure and found strength in numbers. 
Travis bowed toward Talia and Damon. "Congratulations on finding your Luna, Alpha. I know that Talia will be an amazing Luna." 
Travis straightened his back before saying to Talia, "I'm not sure how much you know about our history, but Elders hold a decade-long grudge, and Alpha didn't punish them harshly because he is considering the whole pack. Some people call him ruthless, but only a few are aware of how hard he works for his people." Travis patched up Damon more times than he wanted to remember after fights with rogues and other enemies, and Damon would ask him to keep it low-key. "In defense of Elders, it is difficult for them to accept that their significance is fading. Most of them have only harsh words to express their frustration. No matter what Elders say, our generation supports you." 
"Thank you, Travis. It means a lot to hear that from you.", Talia said and Travis smiled. 
Travis wanted to say more, but he held back. This was obviously not the time for chit-chat. 
"I'm sure you have a lot to discuss. I will check on the patient before heading home. If you don't hear from me tonight, you can assume that her condition is the same. If you need me for something, feel free to contact me. Anytime." 
"Thank you, Travis.", Damon said, his voice showing how exhausted he was. 
With Travis leaving, almost everyone was gone, and Talia turned to look at Damon. 
"Why do you look like this outcome is not good?", Talia asked. How she saw it, Elders were stirring trouble, but things ended rather well. There is something they will need to do a week from now as Alpha and Luna, and everything will fall into place. 
Damon looked at Talia helplessly. "Let's go to the study. Maya and Caden will meet us there." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 414 - Late Night Strategy Meeting (1)
Chapter 414 – Late Night Strategy Meeting (1)
Damon, Talia, Maya, and Caden were in the study. 
Damon sat on a sofa chair with Talia on his lap, and Maya and Caden were on the sofa. 
Talia could feel Damon's displeasure. He was inhaling her scent, and that told her he was using her proximity to calm down. She let him hold her. 
Talia looked at Maya and Caden whose expressions showed concern, but no one said anything so they sat in silence for some time. 
Damon was first to speak. 
"I regret not suppressing them and throwing them in the dungeon." 
"You did well by holding back.", Caden said. "As much as we don't like them, they are members of our pack with an extensive network of relatives and friends. If you locked them all up, it would ruin the image that you built over a decade." 
Maya agreed. "If they are outsiders, no one would care. But Elders are ours and we need to find a way to work around them or we will risk our pack seeing you as a tyrant." 
Damon managed to hold reign over the Dark Howlers pack with such a small number of high-ranking members because regular pack members believed in him and followed him willingly. If he became a villain in their eyes, that might change and then they would end up with a much bigger problem than fifty-something grumpy old people. 
Talia didn't understand why the atmosphere was so solemn. "Is this about them showing disrespect?" 
Maya responded, "Yes and no. Because of their disrespect, they caused this stir and now the dam cracked. We need to find ways to patch it up before it breaks completely." 
Talia was utterly confused. What dam and cracks? "Can you speak English?" 
Maya bobbed her head before she started talking, "I'm sure you heard their suspicions related to Marcy's absence." When Talia nodded, Maya continued, "We can expect that Alpha Edward already knows what happened here tonight, and by morning he will call to hear Marcy's side of the story. With James' and George's cooperation, we could delay that for some time, however, Marcy's condition is not improving. Travis wants us to get her into the pack hospital and that means how others will find out about her condition. Now that people know you are Alpha Damon's mate…" 
"They will assume I harmed Marcy.", Talia ended instead of Maya. 
Maya confirmed. "Either you or Alpha Damon. They won't care about facts. Even if George says that Marcy was his mate, and Travis confirms that Marcy is suffering from the consequences of rejecting the mate bond, the ones who are looking for trouble will twist it into a cover-up staged by Alpha Damon. Alpha Edward is itchy to find a way to latch onto us and harming his daughter will give him a perfect excuse to attack and get support from others. Maybe they won't support the Red Moon pack, but they won't help us either." 
"And if she dies, our problems will amplify.", Caden said. 
Talia lowered her head. "This is my fault.", she said in a small voice. 
"No.", Damon said. "This is my fault. If I didn't play games, we wouldn't be here. I was supposed to tell you we are mates from the beginning, and to announce it to everyone. I was stupid to think that I'm protecting you by keeping it a secret… even from you." 
He didn't think much about it, but when he saw George and Maddox enjoying with their mates they met only days ago, Damon realized how much he missed by concealing that Talia was his mate. Talia was insecure, bullied, and she nearly died in the hands of rogues, and now Elders looked at her like she was an impostor, and none of that would happen if he only told her the truth. 
Talia put her palm on Damon's cheek. "If you didn't keep it a secret, I wouldn't have time to adjust to all the changes. If people looked at me as your mate from the day I arrived here, it would be too much pressure and I would either run away or cave in. You thought about what I needed at that time. Don't blame yourself for it. If I was not broken, you wouldn't do those things." 
Damon tilted his head and placed a kiss on the inside of Talia's palm. "You were not broken, kitten. You were exactly what I needed to realize how broken I was." 
Talia smiled foolishly at Damon. Why was he comforting her when he was the one who was upset? Isn't he the sweetest man on the planet? 
"Can the two of you tone down the flirting?", Maya asked dryly. "Or should we continue this talk in the morning?" 
It was a long day and a lot of things happened, and nothing happened as planned. The situation was calm at the moment, but it could explode at any time. They had so many problems that Maya had a headache just thinking about it. 
Maya wanted to get a hot bath and snuggle with Caden and unwind and forget about all problems until morning, but Damon summoned them in the study. She was fine with a late-night strategy meeting, but she didn't want to waste her time watching this PDA. 
Talia looked at Maya guiltily and summarized, "Marcy is our big problem as her father will cause trouble." But this was not a new thing, Talia thought, and she concluded that there was more to it. "What else we need to tackle?" 
"We are not done discussing the first one.", Maya responded. "Any ideas on how to deal with Marcy? Or should we let Travis take her to the pack hospital in the morning and we hope for the best?" 
Talia had an idea of how to deal with Marcy. 
Damon glanced at Maya and Caden and saw that they had nothing. One look at Talia told him what she was thinking. "No." 
"I know you don't want me to take risks, but I would like to try helping Marcy." 
"No.", Damon said sternly. 
"You know it's reasonable." 
"No." 
"Damon…" 
"No! Why don't you listen?" 
"Why are you set on keeping me on the side?", Talia asked. 
"Because I want to protect you." 
"And I want to help." 
Damon shook his head. "Not if it harms you." 
"You don't know if it will harm me." 
Damon couldn't believe it. Did she forget that when she healed him, she passed out? And after the incident in the lake, she was super-exhausted! What if she crosses her limits and doesn't wake up after the next time? "I'm not willing to risk it." 
"It should be my decision to make." 
"It's my duty to keep you safe." 
Talia and Damon glared at each other, neither willing to back down. 
"You can help Marcy?", Maya asked, unable to contain her curiosity, even though her Alpha and Luna were engaged in an intense staring contest. 
Damon's eyes flashed in a warning and Talia knew that Damon was telling her not to reveal her abilities. She gave him a comforting smile and responded to Maya. 
"There is a mix of herbs I would like to try." 
Maya narrowed her eyes suspiciously. "If it's just a mix of herbs, what's the problem?" 
"Damon is worried that if Marcy's conditions worsens, people will blame me. He would prefer that I stay away from her.", Talia responded without missing a beat. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 415 - Late Night Strategy Meeting (2)
Chapter 415 – Late Night Strategy Meeting (2)
Maya was not sure what the big deal was about Talia trying to help Marcy recover with some herbs. Wasn't that what she was already doing? But who would know what was on Alpha Damon's mind? He was overprotective and borderline unreasonable when it came to Talia. 
However, when thinking about the grim prognosis related to Marcy's condition, Maya decided to remind them… "Doctor Travis said that there is not much we can do about Marcy and that her stay in the hospital won't go beyond stabilizing her condition. Shaman Gideon confirmed that Marcy's recovery depends on the strength of her spirit. Considering that Marcy's condition is deteriorating, I would suggest that we let Talia do her thing. It can't hurt." 
"Damon and I will talk about it more.", Talia responded. She knew that Damon was only worried about her, and she didn't blame him because she would do the same if the roles were reversed. Talia was eager to start convincing Damon to give in, but before that, she wanted to confirm, "Is there something else we should worry about?" 
"It's about the upcoming pack run.", Caden responded. 
"What about it?", Talia asked. 
"Do you know what a pack run is?", Maya asked. 
Talia's blank expression answered that question. 
Damon answered. "I was too young to participate but I remember that my parents would lead the pack run on every full moon. Pack members would gather to witness Shaman perform the ritual of worshiping the Moon Goddess. After that, elderly and underage members would go home while grownups head to the forest to run, hunt, and mate." 
Talia didn't want to think about werewolves going at it in random spots through the forest, but the rest didn't sound intimidating. "Why do you sound like it's a problem?" 
"Because…" Damon let out a long breath. "The part with running and hunting is done in wolf form." 
Talia's mouth fell slack open when she realized where the problem was. In wolf form? She never shifted, and her wolf only made a few nasty remarks at Damon before going back to wherever she came from. 
"Do you think that Elders Samson and Charlie suggested the pack run because they knew about Talia's condition?", Caden asked. 
Maya frowned. "You think they set us up?" 
Caden shrugged, indicating that he was not sure. "Would you be surprised?" 
Maya thought for a moment before sharing her thoughts. "If they heard the rumors how Talia doesn't have a wolf, this was an interesting scheme. In the eyes of other Elders, they were magnanimous in giving you a chance to revive an old tradition and to strengthen the pack by having a Luna of your choice, but in reality, they set you up for failure in front of the whole pack." 
Talia wanted to ask how they would know that she doesn't have a wolf, but then she remembered Lisa. Among other things, Lisa called Talia in her face a wolf-less she-wolf, and Talia couldn't imagine what nasty things Lisa said when Talia was not around. 
Caden puffed his cheeks. "There is a good chance that they considered the bad relationship between Alpha and Shaman. With this, Damon would need to lower himself and ask Shaman to perform the ceremony as a favor, otherwise, the pack run would start on a bad note." 
Maya smiled smugly. "If that's what they were going for, the nasty duo miscalculated. They obviously don't know that Shaman found his mate. We just need to tell Mindy to ask Gideon about the ceremony, and he will do it gladly only to please her." 
"Well, at least we have that going for us.", Talia said dejectedly. "Maybe his ceremony is so awesome that no one notices I didn't turn into a wolf." 
Damon rubbed Talia's back gently and he thought about leaving all this crap behind. They could buy a small house in the middle of nowhere and live a comfortable life without anyone bothering them. Talia said that she loves the forest, and he could get them a home with access to a lake… somewhere high in the mountains where humans don't come often. He would hunt for them and it will be perfect. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"You know…", Caden started and hesitated. 
"Go on.", Damon urged him. "We have so many bad things piled up, one more won't matter." 
"This one week delay could be them buying time to contact Alpha Edward and come up with a plan to attack us." 
Damon knew that Caden's theory might be true. After all, Elder Samson and Elder Charlie were confirmed with connections in the Red Moon pack, and they also knew that Talia was his mate. How far ahead were they planning? 
Damon frowned. Did he fall into their trap? 
'Will it make any difference?', Damon's wolf sounded in his head. 'Trap or not, we are in an unfavorable situation, and you need to find the best way to get back on top. You did well by giving our mate identity in front of everyone. Treat this as your first challenge together and keep an eye on Elders. With what they did tonight, you have the right to monitor them. If they do anything suspicious, it will give you a reason to lock them up. And leave those silly thoughts about a solitary life as a last resort.' 
'Thanks.' Damon was glad that his wolf chimed in and pointed out what matters. Damon was too overwhelmed with everything that happened, and his brain stopped working. 
Normally, Damon's wolf would listen and the two of them would discuss things when others were not around. It was a habit they established to minimize the possibility of anyone finding out that Damon's wolf was special. 
But with Damon's wolf having access to Damon's thoughts and emotions, the old creature was able to speak up at the critical moment and keep Damon on the right path. Like now. 
"It doesn't matter why Samson and Charlie did this.", Damon said. "Alpha Edward would find out how his plan to make Marcy my Luna fell apart. It was a matter of days. Actually, we were lucky to get this extension thanks to James' collaboration, but we knew that it wouldn't last forever. I estimate that Alpha Edward already knows what happened tonight." 
Talia stiffened at Damon's words, and he tightened his hold on her while continuing, "I am done hiding Talia. She is my mate and I want the whole world to know it. I realized that postponing the inevitable only brought us more problems. If I told everyone who Talia is on the day she arrived here, things would be unpleasant, but they wouldn't escalate to this point. The bottom line is that Marcy will not be my Luna, and neither will any other woman because I have my mate, and if anyone thinks otherwise, I am ready to accept his challenge." 
Talia looked at Maya, Caden, and Damon. Three of them were worried and she really felt that it was her fault. If she was not from the Red Moon pack, if she had a wolf, if she had a background, if she was strong enough… none of this would happen. 
The three of them were the first people who treated her nicely. They gave her home, food, and treated her as their equal. How can she allow them to suffer because of her? 
Talia felt the urgency to do something. Anything. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 416 - Late Night Strategy Meeting (3)
Chapter 416 – Late Night Strategy Meeting (3)
"Let's think about this one at a time.", Talia said. 
Damon, Maya, and Caden turned to look at Talia, all three wondering what she was up to. 
"We are open to ideas.", Maya said. 
"The pack run is a week from now. A lot of things can happen until then. I never shifted into my wolf form and I have no idea how that's done, but…" Talia glanced at Damon and smiled a little. "I am confident that if anyone can teach me to shift, that will be you." 
Damon was amazed by her optimism, and he knew that it was fueled by her faith in him. 
Damon's smile fell when Talia added, "And I will ask Shaman Gideon for help." 
Talia remembered that Shaman was not very friendly when she visited that afternoon, but now he was mated to Mindy, and Talia thought that she can leverage that. Surely, after a night of sex, he should be in a better mood. 
Damon was not happy that Talia would ask someone for help also. He wanted her to rely on him, but he knew that this was an emergency and he didn't want to sound childish. 
"We have a week to figure it out and to come up with backup plans, so that shouldn't be the most pressing matter.", Talia said before switching the topic. "We can't allow Marcy to stay in this state. I don't know if I can help her, but I want to try." 
"What do you think will happen if she wakes up?", Damon asked dryly. It was not good that Marcy was comatose, but in the case she woke up, Damon could imagine Marcy throwing a fit. Damon had a mate, and he made it public. Marcy won't be happy. He really didn't want another problem now. 
"If she doesn't wake up, people will blame us. Let's not give Alpha Edward another reason to attack us." 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose. He knew that Talia was right, but he didn't like the idea of her exposing her abilities. 
"And third…" 
Damon lifted his head to look at Talia because she had more things on her mind. 
She looked at him with all determination she could muster before announcing, "I want you to mark me." 
Damon felt butterflies going crazy in his stomach, and he forgot about all his worries while his eyes eagerly inspected Talia's face. Did he hear her right? Did Talia say that she wants him to mark her? 
Damon was suppressing his urge to mark her for such a long time, that he was used to living with the knot in his chest, and now he can finally do what his instincts told him from the beginning… claim his mate. 
Damon didn't realize that he was smiling foolishly. He didn't look like a scary Alpha who was facing dangers from outside and inside his pack; he resembled a love-stricken teenager who couldn't stop grinning while looking at his crush who was blushing because she could feel his erection poking her bottom. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
"We have a plan.", Maya said. "I will go with you in the morning to talk to Shaman." 
Damon dispersed his lustful thoughts. Carnal pleasures will need to wait a bit because they were still talking. 
"I will go with Talia.", Damon said. 
Maya didn't agree. "Your presence will make it worse." 
"I'm not going as Alpha. I will go as Talia's mate.", Damon said. He had no intention of separating from Talia. Not now when all those Elders knew how important she was, and not now when she said that he can mark her. He will sink his fangs into Talia's tender neck and fuck her thoroughly. 
Maya noticed the air around Damon and Talia changing, and she wanted to leave, but there was another thing. "Elder Charlie and Elder Samson emphasized that the younger generation needs to support Talia as our Luna. It doesn't matter if they said that as a trap, but let's make that blow up in their faces. Regardless of how the pack run goes, if enough people support Talia, the Elders will need to step back." 
"I like the sound of that, but how do we make it happen?", Caden asked. 
Maya smirked knowingly. "Do you remember the Summer Solstice festival?" 
"Which part of it?" 
"The soccer tournament.", Maya said, and she tried not to laugh at Damon's sour expression. It was obvious that he remembered soccer players kneeling and kissing Talia's hand and that was exactly what Maya was going for. "We need to get our team and Coach Keith back from their training. We all saw them showing respect to Talia. Maybe other people forgot Talia's contributions as the team spirit and her being crowned as the MVP of that tournament, but I'm sure that our team remembers it. They are some of our best warriors, and I'm confident that with them around, others will think twice before stirring trouble." She turned to Damon. "What do you think?" 
Damon didn't have ions. He liked that Maya came up with a backup plan and he wanted them to finish this meeting as soon as possible. "Send order that they can return immediately. They will have two free days before they need to report to their regular duties…" 
With that, Maya and Caden left the study. 
Damon looked at Talia eagerly. They were alone. At last. 
"So…" He licked his lips. "When can we…?" He didn't finish, but Talia knew what he was talking about. 
"Axel said how we should give it a few days for marking. I assume that had something to do with my powers. Let's do the important things first." 
"Like?", Damon asked apprehensively. 
"Marcy and visiting Shaman Gideon.", Talia said. "You mentioned that you have a cottage nearby that can provide privacy. How about we go there tomorrow?" 
Damon feared that Talia will say how it will take days or longer, but then she said 'tomorrow'. 
"That's OUR cottage, kitten.", he corrected her before asking, "Tomorrow? What if you can't help Marcy?" 
Talia shrugged. "If I can help her, that would be the best. But if I can't help her, then she will end up in the pack hospital and Doctor Travis will take care of her with Maya and Caden keeping an eye on things." 
Damon still didn't agree on Talia healing Marcy, but she said it like it was a done deal. However, he couldn't deny her this. He was still thinking about marking. 
"Regardless of how this goes, I will need to talk to George and James in the morning, and then we will visit the Shaman." 
Talia smiled happily. "After that, you should deal with any urgent matters, and as soon as you are done, we can go to the cabin." Talia had another request. "I want to meet your wolf before marking." 
Damon could feel that the old beast was happy that Talia wanted to meet him. And Damon was happy also. By tomorrow this time, his mark will be forming on Talia's neck and Damon was eager to see what it will look like. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 417 - Middle Of The Night Operation [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 417 – Middle Of The Night Operation [Bonus Chapter]
Damon and Talia agreed that Marcy's situation was urgent, and it should be handled as soon as possible, so the duo headed to the house where Marcy was. 
As preparation for damage control, Damon told his warriors who guarded the perimeter that they will be testing new light fixtures in the house and if there is a flash not to panic. Damon hoped that will be enough to conceal any unusual glow that Talia might produce. 
After numerous warnings to Talia that if anything seems off she should stop, Damon stood at the door of Marcy's room and observed Talia who was standing by the window and looking at the bed where Marcy was lying. 
Talia was confident that she can help Marcy, but now that she was facing her, Talia realized that she had no idea how to go about it. 
Talia decided to think about what she knew. 
Damon told her that she repelled rogues, and healed him, but Talia had no recollections of those events. She remembered the incident in the lake and glowing Meg in the car, and on those two occasions, Talia followed her instincts. 
The trouble was that there were no instincts on how to heal Marcy. 
What was she missing? 
When Damon taught Talia about the Alpha aura, he said to think of it as a manifestation of her will. Talia didn't think that her aura and so-called abilities were different. 
'Is that it?', Talia wondered. 'I need to want for Marcy to get better?' 
But the problem was that Talia didn't have kind of feelings toward Marcy. 
In the Red Moon pack, Marcy beat Talia twice and said many mean words. Now Marcy was in the Dark Howlers pack with an intention to become Damon's Luna and Marcy spoke to Talia like she was a disposable mistress. 
Marcy was Talia's bully, a woman who was coveting Damon. How can Talia wish for such a woman to get better? Wouldn't it be best if Marcy stays that way and never wakes up? 
Talia lowered her head while wondering if she was a bad person. If she wishes bad things to happen to people, didn't she become a bully? 
Talia shook her head while trying to dispel the dark thoughts. She hated bullies the most; they hurt the ones who are weak and vulnerable, and Talia refused to lower herself to that level. 
"Don't beat yourself over it.", Damon's deep voice came from behind Talia. He could feel her fluctuating emotions and he knew that Talia was struggling with the concept of helping someone who hurt her more than once. "Do how much you can, and remember that doing nothing is an option. Marcy's condition is the consequence of her actions. It's not your responsibility to help her." 
"I'm not doing this for Marcy.", Talia responded. "I want to do it for us." This was the truth. "As your mate, I get to share your glory and your hardships." 
Damon beamed at Talia's words that warmed his soul. 
After saying those words, Talia realized that this might be something she could work with. If her desire to accomplish something is the trigger to her powers, maybe she shouldn't think about healing Marcy, but about her and Damon. 
Talia looked out the window to see the Moon that was in the first quarter. 
She remembered stories of how the Moon Goddess lives there and is watching over all werewolves like they were her children. 
Did Talia believe in the Moon Goddess? Talia was not sure. If the Moon Goddess was real, why did she allow Talia to live in that attic for a decade and to be bullied? Is that what a mother would do? Or did the Moon Goddess abandon her? 
But this was not the time to question her fate. Talia chose to believe that she can fix this situation and if that included talking to the Moon Goddess, so be it. 
"If you are up there, help me make things right…", Talia said while looking at the half-circle that illuminated the dark sky speckled with stars. "Marcy committed a sin by rejecting her mate, and this is her punishment. I don't have the right to decide how big Marcy's offense is, but I know that if she doesn't wake up, people I cherish will be harmed. They are good people and don't deserve to suffer because of something Marcy did. Help me wake her up. She needs to be awake in order to fix her wrongs…" 
Damon smiled while listening to the small woman who was talking to the Moon with her hand extended that way like she was trying to reach for it. 
If he could, he would capture the Moon and all the stars and give them to Talia. Maybe as a wedding gift. 
Damon's eyebrows shoot up when Talia's hand that was bathed in the moon rays started glowing. Less than a second later, Talia's whole body was glowing, and that glow stretched lazily toward the bed where Marcy was. 
Damon's jaw fell slack open as he watched Marcy being enveloped in the pulsating light, and it all came from Talia whose silver eyes shone and the ethereal outer glow made her appear like a Goddess who descended to Earth. Breathtaking. 
Through his infatuation, Damon was frantically focusing on Talia, ready to catch her if her legs show signs of giving in. He had no idea how much energy Talia exerted to accomplish this, but he was determined to not let her fall. 
Damon was not sure if it lasted a second or an hour before the light subsided, and he swiftly moved to support Talia who swayed. 
"Are you OK?", Damon asked Talia when she leaned into him. 
Talia gave him a weak smile. Her head was buzzing, and she turned to look at Marcy. 
"Did it work?" 
Damon released the breath he was holding, and he focused on Marcy for a few moments before responding, "You did it, kitten. Her heartbeat is much stronger." He didn't know more than that. "I will call Travis to check on her. Let's go to the next room and wait there." Damon wanted Talia to lay down and rest. 
"Here is fine.", Talia responded. She wanted to keep an eye on Marcy. Talia was not sure what she did and if the effect is permanent or temporary. 
Was it possible that the Moon Goddess helped her improve Marcy's condition? Or was that Talia's doing? 
Talia wished to understand her ability and test its limits, but that will need to wait. She acknowledged overall weakness, pleased that she was not at the point where she needed to sleep. 
Talia gestured toward a small table that had two chairs next to it. "We can sit there. Can you hold me?" 
Damon chuckled at her silly request. "I wouldn't let go of you, kitten, even if you ask me." 
He sat on one of the chairs with Talia on his lap, and he cradled her in his arms. 
Talia leaned on Damon and allowed his addictive scent to fill her system. 
Damon was immensely relieved that Talia was in good spirits. She was awake and talking and he wondered if that had anything to do with the Moon, or maybe her powers were increasing… or maybe those two were related. Old folks say that werewolves are more powerful when the full moon is out. Sure, the moon was not full, but half of it was still better than nothing. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 418 - Morning Negotiations (1)
Chapter 418 – Morning Negotiations (1)
The dawn was peeking through the window of the master bedroom on the third floor of the packhouse. 
Damon and Talia didn't get any sleep, and for the first time since they got together, the lack of sleep was not due to the copious amount of carnal pleasures. 
When Doctor Travis arrived at the house where Marcy was, he did a quick checkup to confirm that her condition improved significantly and that she should wake up soon. 
Knowing that Damon and Talia had a lot on their hands, Travis offered to stay back with Marcy so the duo can go to the packhouse and rest. 
"I will contact you if any changes happen.", Travis said. "This is the least I can do for my Alpha and Luna. Please, allow me to contribute…" 
Damon accepted Travis' offer because Talia was tired after using her ability, but since they got in bed, Talia was tossing and turning, the much-needed sleep refused to take over. Her proximity and sparks were turning him on, and her addictive scent added to his arousal, but Damon knew that Talia was exhausted, and he kept his hands to himself. 
Travis sent updates every hour, and they knew that Marcy's condition was steadily improving. Based on Travis' estimates, Marcy should wake up sometimes during the next day, if not sooner. 
Back to the present… 
"Why don't you sleep?", Damon asked Talia. 
"I have a lot on my mind.", Talia said. 
"It will all be alright.", Damon assured her. 
She let out a long breath. "How do you know?" 
"Because we are together.", Damon responded matter-of-factly. "I'm sure that most of the people by now know that I found my Luna. No more secrets, kitten. There are many things ahead of us, good and bad. Among all of them, I look forward to walking through Darkbourne while holding your hand for everyone to see." 
Talia's lips stretched into a smile as she imagined a sunny day, and the two of them walking hand-in-hand with no one giving them strange or derisive looks because they would know that she belongs there, by his side. It was a pleasant mental image. 
Talia's smile faltered when she remembered that they have a number of challenges to cross until that can come true. And one thing seemed more daunting than the other. 
She sounded brave in the study, but the truth was that she was a nervous wreck. The pack run was coming, and she had no idea about shifting. And then there was Alpha Edward who will definitely throw a fit when he finds out that Damon introduced his Luna, and it was not Marcy. What if the war is coming? And she was also anxious about the marking, and her not understanding her powers… there were a lot of things. 
Talia hugged Damon tightly and buried her face in his chest, taking deep breaths and allowing his addictive scent of the forest and dark chocolate to carry her into their lovey-dovey bubble where it's just the two of them and nothing else. 
Damon could feel her insecurities bubbling, and he felt helpless in easing her troubles. Talia was prone to overthinking things, and at that moment Damon didn't have quick solutions. The only thing they could do was to face challenges as they come and to prepare for them to the best of their abilities. Lack of sleep wouldn't help. 
"I wish that you rest", Damon said. "Try to sleep. Even an hour or two is better than nothing." 
Talia looked up at him. "My turbulent mind is not letting me sleep. Maybe you can distract me." 
Damon's lips lifted into a smile. "What do you have on your mind?" 
Talia scooted higher and he thought that she will kiss him, but Talia's lips latched to the side of his neck, her tongue moved in circles, each sending electric pulses through his body. 
He squeezed her buttocks harshly and buried his face in the crook of her neck, returning the favor of kissing and licking her neck, and within a minute their bodies were entangled, and outrageous sounds filled the space. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
In the bathroom of a guest bedroom on the second floor… 
George pulled a t-shirt over his head and fixed his hair while checking himself in the mirror to ensure he was visually presentable. 
When he got out of the bathroom, he paused at the sight of the blonde woman sleeping soundly on the bed. Dawn. That was his mate, his second chance of happiness… and he was determined not to mess it up. Dawn was caring and she didn't to him marking her right away, and that was all he ever wanted from a mate; acceptance and assurance that they will stay together no matter what. That's how it should be. 
He smiled at the memory of Dawn telling him how she will support him. It was heartwarming to know that someone was willing to take care of him. 
George took a deep breath that filled his chest with the scent of cinnamon that permeated the air. He felt saliva pooling in his mouth because he associated that scent with Dawn's flavors. She was delectable. 
Now that he experienced a true mate bond, George thought how he was silly to have hopes about Marcy who rejected him on the spot. However, if he didn't cling to Marcy, he wouldn't meet Dawn, and he wouldn't get his second chance, so in a way… even his futile fight against Marcy's rejection served a purpose because it led to a happy ending. For him, at least. As for Marcy, he didn't have any form of pity for her. His whole life George suffered because of the Redmayne family, and Marcy proved that she was no better. After the hell she put him through, he was glad that his wolf stopped urging him to get close to her and salvage what was left. It was pathetic. 
George hated the idea of leaving Dawn behind, but he needed to talk to Alpha Damon, and he didn't want to wake her up. Besides, he still didn't tell her about his real identity, and he didn't want Dawn to find out about it from Alpha Damon. 
But, what if she wakes up in his absence? Won't she think that he abandoned her? 
Since they found out they were mates, George and Dawn spent most of their time indulging in carnal pleasures and exchanging sweet nothings, but that was not enough to establish a trustworthy relationship. 
George thought about what to do, and then he decided to leave her a note. 
He found a piece of paper and a pen and scribbled a few words so that Dawn knows he went to settle some things and he will return when done. George hoped that he will be back before she woke up. 
'Settling things' meant discussing what Alpha Damon wanted to talk about, and George had a feeling that it included his real identity and dealing with the fallout from last night. He had no idea why Alpha Damon didn't expose him, but he pushed his anxiety away. He will deal with it as it comes. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 419 - Morning Negotiations (2)
Chapter 419 – Morning Negotiations (2)
George entered the study and paused at the sight of Talia who was there with Damon. 
George wondered if Talia will be part of this secretive talk. Or maybe he overthought everything and this was just to discuss Marcy's condition. Maybe. 
George decided to start with pleasantries. 
"I failed to congratulate you on finding your mate and your Luna.", George said to Damon. "Pardon my tardiness. I wish you all the best in the years to come." 
"No need to apologize.", Damon responded. "It's understandable, considering the commotion the news caused with the Elders." 
George remembered the circus from the previous evening. It didn't match the image of a scary and stern Alpha that Damon usually carried. If that happened in the Red Moon pack, Alpha Edward would execute the ringleaders on the spot, to set an example for others, yet Damon just stood there and allowed it to unfold. 
George had to ask, "Are your Elders always so disobedient?" 
Damon was amused that George asked him so bluntly, but he didn't mind. It was refreshing not to guess what was on the other person's mind. "They are remnants of the system I'm trying to abolish." 
"What's stopping you from reminding them who is their Alpha?" 
Damon didn't feel like explaining his failures. Sure, he could suppress the Elders and send them to hell, but Caden was right… if Damon did that, it would come with consequences. Many of those Elders are bellowed grandfathers and grandmothers to many from the Dark Howlers pack, and if it was just a few Elders, Damon could punish them, but with most of them causing a ruckus, Damon ended up letting it unfold. 
Damon already decided to deal with them covertly. No one will get away with challenging him or his Luna, but it wouldn't be wise to strike them openly with so many eyes on him. 
Instead of answering George's question, Damon had a question of his own. "Are you asking this for your future reference, Alpha George?" 
George's brows furrowed when Damon confirmed George's suspicion. He knew, but the question was, how much Damon knew? 
George glanced at Talia and Damon spoke, "Don't worry about Talia. We can talk in front of her." 
Talia was not sure if she can contribute, but she wanted to be present. If nothing else, she will silently support Damon. 
Talia glanced at Damon and she smiled as Damon continued, "Talia is my mate, my Luna, my equal. What I know, she knows." 
George cleared his throat awkwardly. Did Alpha Damon need to be lovey-dovey right in front of him? He decided to go back to the topic. The sooner they finish, the sooner he can go back to Dawn. "How much do you know?" 
"I know that you are George Shaw, Alpha of the Frostcrest pack. I can understand why you are concealing your identity, but I don't know what are you doing in the Red Moon pack." Damon leaned over his desk. "Of course, considering the fate of the Frostcrest pack, I have a few guesses and I wonder if you will tell me which one is the correct one." 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
George frowned. He didn't like his current situation. Before admitting anything, he needed to clarify. "Does James know who I am?" 
Damon shrugged. "If he knows, he didn't find it out from me." 
"I assume there is a reason we are having this conversation in private." 
Damon raised his hands, palms facing George, indicating to him to tone down the hostility. 
"I mean no harm. I only hope we can collaborate." 
"You mean, blackmail?" 
"That's not how you call a deal that would benefit both of us." 
George released a long breath. How is it beneficial for both, if Damon can blackmail him, yet George had nothing? "What do you want, Alpha Damon? I am not a person who plays games." 
"I believe that Alpha Edward knows what happened here last night, and it safe to assume that he is not happy. I would appreciate your assistance so that things don't go out of control." 
George now knew where this was going. "In exchange for keeping my identity a secret?" 
Damon confirmed and added, "Among other things." 
"Other things? Like what?" 
"That would depend on what you need.", Damon responded. "As long as it's not putting any of my people in danger, I am willing to assist you in whatever you are doing. Take your time and think about it but I hope you will realize the urgency in dealing with Alpha Edward. If things escalate, the deal is off the table." 
George thought about his options for a moment before saying, "What do you think I can do to pacify Alpha Edward? He sent Marcy here with an intention for her to become your Luna. Anything less than that won't make him happy. It was my duty to escort her here, and I did, but Alpha Edward's wrath won't be selective. I will be punished for Marcy's failure even without him knowing what happened between us." 
George couldn't make himself say the words that he and Marcy were mates. Or did Damon know that George and Marcy had sex? George didn't want to think about it. 
"You will find out that James will lend you a hand.", Damon said. Seeing that George was alerted, Damon added, "He doesn't know your identity, nor about what happened between you and Marcy. However, James was aware that you and Marcy were not available, and he covered it up for Alpha Edward in your absence. I suggest that we call James here and discuss options. But I wanted to talk to you first and see if you are OK with it." 
George made a face. "You sound like I have a choice." 
"Great!", Damon exclaimed while ignoring George's sarcasm. "Do you have anything you want to tell me in private before James joins us?" 
George shook his head, indicating that he doesn't. 
Before calling James, Damon decided to make a few points. "Your real identity is not important for this, however, James will need to know that you and Marcy were mates. I don't expect that you will spill your secrets, but if we are going to prevent a war, we need to be open about things that are relevant. So let me ask you again, is there something you wish to tell me?" 
George was about to say no, but then he paused. Damon agreed not to disclose his real identity, which meant that George still had his possibility of revenge. And the fact that Damon was willing to negotiate meant that Damon won't use him as a scapegoat in this whole thing. 
George's opinion of Damon improved, and he decided to share one thing. 
"I suspect that James is not Alpha Edward's son." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 420 - Morning Negotiations (3) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 420 – Morning Negotiations (3) [Bonus Chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, blackfirerose, for the Magic Castle gifted on March 13, 2022! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
– – – 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is contracted and published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel…  
– – – 
Damon blinked a few times while processing this bomb that George threw at him. James is not Alpha Edward's son? This was huge! 
A wave of confusion and sorrow hit him, and Damon had no idea from where it came. It took him a minute to look at Talia. Of course, she would feel sorry for the teenager, even if he was from the family who did her wrong. 
"Come here, kitten…", Damon called and extended his hand toward her. 
Talia was grateful for the mate bond that told Damon she needed his proximity. 
She put her hand into Damon's and allowed him to pull her onto her lap. His arms circled her small frame, and she rested her head on his shoulder to breathe him in. 
The fact was that Talia didn't know much about James. He was a boy who would always be either studying or training. From the gossiping Omegas, Talia overheard that James was not attention-grabbing in a good or in a bad way, and Talia thought how that was admirable considering that he was the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack. 
Talia knew that Alpha Edward was power-hungry and manipulative, and she couldn't imagine what James' fate will be if Alpha Edward finds out that the boy was not his son. Or did he know already? She was not sure which one would be worse. 
"What makes you think that James is not Alpha Edward's son?", Damon asked George. 
George pressed his lips into a line at the sight of Damon who was gently caressing Talia's back and talking to him seriously like nothing lovey-dovey was happening. 
Ah, he was missing Dawn! 
"James has no Alpha aura.", George responded after a brief pause. "Either he is not Alpha Edward's biological son, or he is the biggest loser in the DNA lottery. Based on my research, the dominant gene will be carried to offspring, and it takes several generations to thin them out. There are confirmed cases when the inherited Alpha aura weakens from parents to children, but James has none. On a scale of one to ten with the ten being the strongest Alpha aura, Alpha Edward would be a seven. If James is Alpha Edward's son, anything from eight to six would be considered normal. However, the boy has none, and that would make him the first case that didn't inherit the dominant gene and it went from seven to zero in one generation." 
Damon admired the confidence George used while explaining this. George's tone spoke more than the numbers he threw at Damon. 
Damon realized that James didn't have it easy. After all, some things can't be hidden as young Alphas can't wait to show off and compare their strength. And there was also a question… "How come Alpha Edward is fine with James having no aura?" Maybe they can give various excuses to random people, but Alpha Edward should know about it. 
George's lips lifted into a smug smile. "I told them that there are cases of late bloomers where Alpha aura develops later, and it will manifest itself no later than the eighteenth birthday. Alpha Edward was too lazy to verify, and he was eager to conceal that James doesn't have an aura in order to preserve his image. As for others, they believe that I created a training regime for James that includes him suppressing his aura completely in order to steel his body and mind." 
Damon thought how that made sense. Even he had sessions where his trainers requested of him not to use his aura, so it's not unusual. However… "This is good to know, but it won't impact our current situation." 
"You won't use it against James?" 
Damon shook his head. "Assuming that James is not Alpha Edward's biological son, revealing that will not help us in any way. If James will be useful, we need Alpha Edward to trust him. Waving this in front of James' face might make him think about backup strategies that could include setting us up in order to appease Alpha Edward." 
George agreed with this. That's why he covered up for James' deficiency. 
After this brief exchange, both George and Damon adjusted assessments of the other one. 
Damon's eyes lost focus as he contacted one of the Omegas with instructions to summon James to his study. 
"Commander George", the so-far silent Talia called. She wanted to tell him something before James joins them. 
"I assume that you being here on your own means that Dawn doesn't know who you really are." 
George's silence answered Talia's question. 
"Dawn is a good person, and she would do anything for her mate, even forgive lies. But don't let it drag for too long. Dawn forgiving you doesn't mean she won't be hurt because you are concealing things from her." 
Damon's ears perked up. Was Talia talking about him and how he concealed the truth about them being mates? 
George smiled at Talia's words. He found it fascinating that they were discussing a serious issue that could lead to a war, yet Talia was concerned about her friend. Isn't that what Luna does? Takes care of her people? 
"I will tell her as soon as I get a chance.", George assured Talia. "I didn't mean to keep my mate in the dark, but I didn't find the right timing to bring it up." 
Talia remembered Meg and thought of another thing. "You marked Dawn, so with your DNA, she will get Alpha's aura. The sooner you tell her, the sooner she can practice to control it." 
George pressed his lips into a line. Talia was right. If Dawn gets emotionally compromised and releases her aura uncontrollably, his cover will be blown. 
George wondered, how does Talia know about aura and training? He would think that it was from her experience, but she was obviously not marked. 
"Keep looking at my mate like that, and our cooperation is over.", Damon growled, startling George out of his thoughts. 
"I apologize.", George said quickly. He really didn't mean to stare, but he was looking at Talia's neck and… it just happened. 
Talia was uncomfortable. She didn't notice that George was looking at her, but she knew that George wouldn't have inappropriate thoughts considering that he has Dawn. But Damon made it awkward. 
"Damon…", Talia said in a low voice and wrapped her arms around Damon's neck. "Didn't we talk about this? You can't be angry at people just because they are looking at me." 
"He was looking for too long.", Damon said in his defense. 
"I would be arguing forever if I start a quarrel with every woman who looks at you longer than I approve…." Or maybe she would send them to the dungeon, and it would overflow quickly.
###Chapter 421 - Morning Negotiations (4)
Chapter 421 – Morning Negotiations (4)
James sat in a chair next to George and did his best to ignore the fact that Talia was sitting on Damon's lap. 
He saw Talia wiggling to stand up, but the Alpha held her firmly, and after some struggle, she gave up with a huff and looked at James apologetically. 
James realized that despite Alpha Damon having Talia on his lap, the atmosphere was solemn. 
"Why are we here?", James asked, unable to hold it in. 
Damon responded. "After last night, I expect that your father will retaliate. I believe that all of us in the room want to minimize the damage." 
James pursed his lips when he realized that Damon wanted help. James was looking forward to the next few days of playing, but after only one day of fun, he was back in this study and troubled expressions told him that this will take more effort to settle than just sending an email in George's name. 
"How about you tell me what's going on?", James asked. "Considering that George is here, and my sister is not, I will need more details if you expect me to cooperate. And we also need to get our stories straight." 
Damon glanced at George. "Will you tell him, or should I?" 
George waved at Damon to go ahead. 
"Your sister was in critical condition, but she is recovering, and we expect that she will wake up today.", Damon said. "You know her best and I expect that you will help me convince her to play along. As to what the play will be, that's why we are here. Each of us has an interest in containing this incident, and…" 
"Wait, wait.", James interrupted Damon. "Why was Marcy in critical condition? Did she have an accident?" 
"Her mate bond was broken." 
James' head was buzzing. A mate bond? When did that happen? Considering that she was fine when they arrived, it means that the rejection happened after they arrived here. And she came to be Alpha Damon's Luna? Did she meet her mate here? 
James had so many questions, so he picked one. "Marcy had a mate?" 
"Yes.", Damon said and threw a meaningful glance at George. 
James' mouth hung open as he turned in slow motion toward George. "You? How? Since when?" Well, that would explain why both of them were mysteriously absent. Wait! If it was George, it meant that Marcy came to the Dark Howlers pack to be Damon's Luna with her mate accompanying her, and both of them knew! James thought that his mind will explode. 
But there was a good side to this. George and Marcy were mates, and they kept it a secret. With James knowing this about George, George will definitely not give him such a hard time during training. 
Who knows, maybe James can convince George for some 'training' in the human city. James can spend the day in arcades, and George can call that as training to blend in with humans. James liked this. 
George didn't want to talk about Marcy, but James was staring at him with a smile that made George's skin crawl and he knew that the teenager was up to something. Talia and Damon were visibly curious also, so George decided to give them a short version. 
"A few days after Marcy came from Europe, there was a welcome party. That's where we met, and she rejected me. I accepted her rejection when we arrived here." 
James needed a few moments to process this. He was always calm and collected even when his father brutally interrogated spies, but this caught him by surprise. 
Damon paused. If Marcy met George shortly after coming from Europe, doesn't that mean she knew George was her mate when Damon was visiting the Red Moon pack? And Marcy came onto him and even sucked him off! Shouldn't her wolf prevent her from getting close to another guy after finding her fated mate? 
"So… Dawn is your second chance mate.", James said after some time and George nodded in response. 
James reminded himself to focus. Getting lost was not his style. He would always keep his poker face on and think about useless things when he was on his own. 
James turned to Damon. "You said that Marcy will wake up today. Can you provide more information?" 
Damon confirmed. "She was comatose. Last night doctor confirmed that Marcy showed signs of recovery and if things move at this pace, she will wake up today. You are a smart guy. Can you predict what she will do when she wakes up? Should I lock her up with Nora?" 
"Locking her up won't achieve anything.", James said right away. "My father will want to talk to her…" James's voice trailed, and he puffed his cheeks while his mind worked a million thoughts a second. Did Alpha Edward already call Marcy? James will need to check her cell phone. What about Nora? Considering that Nora was his spy, Alpha Edward would probably try to contact her first. But he already told him that Nora was in the dungeon because Marcy wanted it, however, after Alpha Damon announced that Talia is his mate, Alpha Edward will probably doubt that story… 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Once he collected his thoughts, James spoke, "Marcy will need our help because she can't tell the truth. If we give her a scenario that benefits her and us, she will play along." 
Damon thought how this was too good to be true. "Are you sure?" 
"Yes. First of all, Marcy is not very smart. If she is, she wouldn't come from Europe only to be used by my father. Second, to my father, Marcy is a chess piece, and she knows that. She is valuable as long as she can be your Luna. If my father finds out that Marcy concealed the fact that George was her mate, and she came here and ruined her chances of being your Luna, she will lose her value. Trust me, you don't want to know what my father does with people who fail and are no longer useful." James glanced at George. "If I'm right, no one knew that the two of you were mates. Not even Nora who had a task of keeping an eye on Marcy." 
Damon's interest in James was rising as the youngster spoke. 
"How can you be confident that Nora doesn't know?" 
James smiled smugly. "If Nora knew, my father would know. And if my father knew, George wouldn't be allowed to come here." 
James looked at Damon thoughtfully. "Why are we here, Alpha Damon? We might be able to influence my father to some degree if he doesn't see it coming, but we can't do miracles. My father will want to talk to Marcy and when he confirms that she failed, hell will break loose. George and I can't help you. If we speak or act in your favor, we will only invoke my father's wrath." 
"I'm not expecting miracles.", Damon said. "But if you can postpone Alpha Edward's retaliation, or diminish it to some degree, I will appreciate it. If Alpha Edward challenges me to a duel, I will accept it. However, I fear that it won't be so simple." 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 422 - Morning Negotiations (5)
Chapter 422 – Morning Negotiations (5)
Talia's whole body tensed. Did Damon speak about a duel with another Alpha? 
She didn't want him to fight. The idea of him getting hurt invoked gruesome images of Damon lunging at the rogue who stabbed him with a wolfsbane-laced knife and Talia's chest tightened. She leaned into Damon with the hope that his proximity will dispel the dark thoughts. 
Talia noticed that Damon was still sitting there straight, firm as a mountain with his left arm around her waist, and she wondered how many times he had these heavy talks and then returned to smile at her like everything was alright. Talia silently prayed that things work out and that her insecurities were not showing. She needed to be strong if she wanted to stand by Damon's side as his Luna. 
James wondered how much Damon knew about Alpha Edward's ways of doing things. 
"My father will not challenge you openly.", James said. "He will avoid direct confrontation unless he is confident that he can win. He will send spies and small teams to disturb your pack. Some of them are already here, as sleeper cells. They will spread misinformation and cause unrest. My father will collaborate with other packs to pressure you from the outside. He will hire rogues to attack you at random times until your warriors are weakened due to injuries and exhaustion from extra patrolling shifts. He will chip away your power until he creates the right opening, and then he will strike to deliver the final blow." 
Listening to James say all those ominous words like it was a totally normal thing made Talia break into goosebumps. Is this how a sixteen years-old boy should be talking? 
"Is there a way to resolve this amicably?", Talia asked. 
James looked at Talia keenly with his brows slightly furrowed and she pushed further into Damon on instinct. Why did she have a feeling that James can see through her? Was it possible that he recognized her as the girl who used to stay in the attic of his packhouse? 
She relaxed when James started talking. 
"There are always negotiations. My father will say that Alpha Damon wronged him and will demand compensation. What will it be? Money? Resources? People? Territory?" James glanced at Damon. "Considering that Marcy was supposed to be the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack and she lost it, maybe my father demands something of equal value." 
Damon's jaw tightened when he realized that 'equal value' would be Talia, the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Damon would rather go into an all-out war than give up on Talia, but he was not sure how Talia would feel if it came to it. Damon decided not to think about it because that's not happening. 
James returned his gaze to Talia and continued, "Will Alpha Damon give any of that knowing that he was being set up from the start? Will that be the final payment or a stopgap until my father asks for the next thing? Do you think that my father will be happy with just one slice when the rest of the pie is on the table and greed is urging him to have it all?" 
Talia realized that her question was silly. Alphas settle differences in a bloody fight, and not over tea and biscuits. Did she embarrass herself and Damon? But Damon's hold on her was solid, and that prevented her from shrinking. 
Damon smiled a little as he looked beyond James' words. "You don't approve of your father's methods." 
"I don't.", James didn't conceal it. "We have a lot, but to him, it's never enough. He enjoys life in a luxurious packhouse where everyone bows to him, but the people who are enabling such a lifestyle are warriors and Omegas who work and train until their hands bleed." James said this last part through his teeth. Only he knew how much he struggled to produce acceptable results. He pushed his body to the point of vomiting, just because his father needed an heir who won't disappoint him. 
"Do you plan to fix the current situation when you become the Alpha of the Red Moon pack?", Damon asked James. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
Seeing that James hesitated, Damon cocked an eyebrow and asked, "Or maybe I should ask you if you want to take over the pack at all." 
James snorted. "You sound like I have a choice." 
"What if you do?", Damon challenged him. "What if I give you an exit ticket? Imagine a life where you can be whatever you want." 
James narrowed his eyes. "Are you trying to poach me?" 
Damon smirked. "You are a smart kid. Any pack would be happy to have you as their strategist; my pack included. Your bloodline doesn't define you. It's what you will do with it that counts. Think about it." 
James shook unnecessary thoughts away. "If I decide to stay here, it will only be one more reason for my father to attack you. He doesn't have another heir, there is no way he will let me go. And also, I'm not suicidal. Why would I stay in a place that will be razed to the ground?" 
A low growl formed in the back of Damon's throat. "Are you underestimating me?" 
James didn't flinch. Years of his father lashing at him made him numb to these shows of power. Unless Damon used his aura to suppress him, James wouldn't show weakness. Actually, if he was not the young Alpha of the Red Moon pack, James would bow his head in submission and apologize, because Damon was stronger than James in every possible way, but James knew that submission was not an option. He survived so far by bluffing, and he had no intention to admit his thoughts. 
"No. I am only saying what will happen if we don't handle this carefully. While on the topic of exit tickets, maybe you should offer one to my sister. She can't go back home. Offer her asylum." 
"How will that appease Alpha Edward?" It was George who asked. 
"It won't.", James deadpanned. "Actually, it will probably anger him more. However, if my sister makes a public statement that she was a willing participant in whatever happened, other packs won't support my father, and that will make him think twice before reaching for something that belongs to the Dark Howlers pack." 
James spoke to Damon, "Invite media to broadcast Marcy's emotional speech about how she realized that she wants to be a nun or travel the world and that you were a wonderful and understanding host who didn't trample on her dreams. That will also allow me and George to return to the Red Moon pack, and the most we will get from my father is scolding because we didn't stop Marcy from straying from the plan of becoming your Luna…" 
Damon sat frozen with Talia on his lap, and he listened to James while thinking how the teenager in front of him is a monster. Did he just come up with that plan within minutes they were discussing this? Scary. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 423 - Morning Negotiations (6) [Bonus Chapter]
Chapter 423 – Morning Negotiations (6) [Bonus Chapter]
"Do you think Marcy will be OK with it?", George asked. How he saw this, the blame of everything collapsing will fall on Marcy. Will she be stupid enough to take the fall so that everyone else can pass with a slap on the wrist? 
James looked at George like he asked something silly. "She doesn't have a choice." 
James' eyes settled on Damon. "My father studied you and he prepared for you the perfect Luna. Marcy attended the right courses, she was beautiful, untouched, with an unblemished past. A few of her indiscretions that left traces were completely wiped off by my father." 
Damon's brows came together at this. If Alpha Edward was keeping an eye on Marcy, it's no wonder that they didn't find any solid dirt on Marcy despite the rumors. 
James continued speaking to Damon, "If you were not greedy for the power you would get by solidifying the relationship with the second largest pack in North America, my father was counting that you will be enchanted by Marcy's abilities as a Luna, or just blinded when your vanity and lecherous side take over. After all, every Alpha dreams of claiming a virgin." He glanced at Talia. "The only thing my father didn't count on was that you will find your mate." 
James shook his head and stifled a chuckle. He found it ironic that years of careful planning Alpha Edward did went down the drain because of one woman who was currently sitting on Alpha Damon's lap. James couldn't imagine a fit his father was probably throwing right now. He was glad to be away from home. 
"But let's get back to Marcy. My father will skin her alive if she returns to him without the keys to the Dark Howlers pack. Her only chance of survival is that you offer her something… something that will make her feel safe, outside my father's reach. Marcy is not bright, but she has a strong survival instinct. That's why she went along with my father's plan…" 
After brushing up the plan a bit more, James excused himself. He was happy that Damon told him he can proceed with his day in the human city with Petra, Erik, and Zack. They had a number of exciting activities lined up, and they were set to leave after breakfast. 
Talia was happy that Damon let go of her in order to shake James' hand. She scooted off his lap and went to sit on her chair. It was awkward to snuggle and cuddle when everyone discussed serious topics. 
Before James left, Damon told him, "George and I will take it over from here. One way or another, you won't go home for at least another day or two. Use them to your heart's content. But keep your phone handy, if something comes up we will contact you." 
James agreed and left the study with a spring in his step. 
"Was he always this calculative?", Damon asked George when the door closed behind James. 
"James has his ways to survive, but in the end, he is just a kid.", George said, and released a low breath, feeling a bit guilty. He saw James being punished harshly by Alpha Edward many times and George didn't step in to help the boy. It would blow his cover, George told himself, as his goal was to make Alpha Edward believe that George was a loyal dog. Only like that he will get close to the target of his revenge and climb high enough to issue a challenge. 
But more than beatings, the worst punishment for James was the mental pressure. George admired James for not snapping. Instead, the boy developed an ability to read the situation and was quick-witted. 
"What about you?", Damon asked George as his expression turned solemn. "Don't tell me that you plan a career until you retire as a Commander in the Red Moon pack." 
"No.", George admitted. However, he didn't trust Damon enough to reveal how he wants to kill Alpha Edward. "My plan is still not finalized." This was the closest to the truth he could say. 
"With the news that Marcy is not my Luna, Alpha Edward will be busy. Whatever your plan is, this might be the right timing.", Damon said and glanced at Talia. "Take care of Dawn. If anything happens to her, Talia will be sad." And she will probably give you a swift death. 
"I will keep Dawn safe.", George assured Damon. "I understand that James communicated in my stead with Alpha Edward." 
Damon regretted that James left. Acting in George's place without permission was not right, and James was supposed to explain this, but James was gone, and George already knew, so the only thing Damon could do was to confirm. "That's right." 
To Damon's surprise, George didn't raise a fuss. 
"What do you want me to tell Alpha Edward? He will expect another report soon." 
"There is no point in concealing what happened last night.", Damon responded. "As for Marcy, you can say that you will investigate this carefully and get back to him as soon as you have something. Hopefully, Marcy will wake up soon, and then we can figure out the details with her." 
"Do you know what kind of protection you will offer to Marcy? If she stays in your pack, it will attract trouble." 
Damon knew this. "I have a few ideas." 
He didn't want to commit to anything without thinking it through. Marcy became a crucial person in containing Alpha Edward's rage, but at the same time, Damon couldn't forget that she was Talia's bully and that she came to the Dark Howlers pack with an intention to deceive him. Sure, Damon was not a saint as he went to the Red Moon pack with an ulterior motive, but this involved Talia and he needed to tread carefully. 
– – – 
— This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! — 
– – – 
George left the study and Damon looked at Talia who sat in her chair with a troubled expression. 
Damon walked to Talia and squatted in front of her. "What's on your mind, kitten?" 
The tips of his fingers brushed against her cheek and Talia blinked a few times to focus on his handsome face that was close to hers. Somehow, everything seemed so much better when Damon was around. 
"I always thought that Alphas are about bossing around, attending parties, and maybe fight, but this… it's different." Her expression showed concern. "I listened to you talk with James and George about serious things. There are so many things that could go wrong and lead to many people getting hurt. Can you trust them?" 
"No.", Damon deadpanned. "However, without their help, we will have a war on our hands and that's as bad as it gets. You heard James. Alpha Edward is set on what we have, and he won't play by the rules. With James and George onboard, the war might be avoided. Even if they tell me about some of the spies that infiltrated our pack, it will be helpful in reducing the damage that Alpha Edward can cause." 
Talia nodded in understanding. She remembered one thing. "How come you had these serious talks without Caden and Maya?" 
Damon moved to his desk and took one pen from the pen holder. Talia's eyes widened when she saw that it was a camera. 
Damon pressed a button before keeping the pen camera back, obviously turning it off. And then he returned to squat in front of her while explaining, "Caden and Maya watched and listened from their room. I guessed that George and James will be more open to talking if the crowd was smaller." 
Talia couldn't stop herself from admiring Damon. On top of being powerful and smart, Damon was tall and muscular, and beautiful… Talia paused. Was it wrong to think about a man as beautiful? But every curve of his body was perfect, and his full lips called for hers while his icy-blue eyes full of emotions observed her every move and she really thought of him as beautiful. Or maybe this moment was beautiful… just the two of them looking at each other lovingly, like nothing bad was happening outside the study. 
Talia's arms moved around Damon's neck, and she scooted off the chair onto him. Damon lost his balance and ended up sitting on the floor with Talia straddling him. 
Talia's lips found Damon's and her hands moved to untuck his shirt. 
Damon smiled into the kiss as he realized that his kitten wanted to ease the tension with lovemaking. He had no ions. 
— 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m).. Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 424 The necessary truth (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 424 The necessary truth (1) [Bonus chapter]
Dawn opened her eyes, and a second later she sprang into a seated position while anxiously observing the space. 
She was on her own in the bed and her sight moved over a tan-colored three-seater sofa, a coffee table with a narrow blue vase and flowers on it, two tan-colored sofa chairs… bathroom's door was open… a few pieces of clothing scattered on the floor, the ones she and George wore last night… 
It all reminded her that she didn't dream or imagine the last two days. She touched the base of her neck on the left side just to make sure and inhaled a shaky breath. The area was still tender as George's mark was forming there. 
The diminished scent of the meadow and clover told her that George was not there for some time, but she still hoped to see his figure. 
Dawn came to the packhouse many times, and the guest bedrooms on the second floor were mostly the same, but whenever she came to the second floor, it was to clean or bring towels or change bedsheets, and this was different. Without George, she felt out of place. What should she do? 
It took Dawn a few endless seconds to notice a small note on the pillow next to her and she grabbed it. A note from George. Dawn's eyes moved over the words multiple times, hoping to get more information than just how he had some business to take care of. 
Where was George? Why did he leave without waking her up? Was there some trouble? 
Her heart tightened. 
What if Marcy was better? What if he decided to go back to Marcy and leave Dawn? 
Just as her anxiety was spiking, the door opened, and she saw George entering the room. Relief washed over her, but then her heart tightened again when she saw his stern expression she couldn't read. Something was wrong. 
George closed the door behind him and looked at Dawn who was sitting on the bed and bunching a white bedsheet in her chest area. He wished that she didn't cover her wonderful breasts. Unruly strands of her short blonde hair were sticking out from sleeping, but no matter how George looked at Dawn, she was perfect. 
George's anxiety was building up as he thought about the big secret he needed to reveal and her big grayish-blue eyes looking at him with anticipation only made it harder. 
George told himself that he needed to do this. Talia was right. It was necessary. Postponing it will only make it worse. As a confirmation of urgency, George could feel the air around Dawn changing, and he knew that she was assimilating his Alpha gene. Dawn needed to start practicing to control her aura. 
After their discussion about handling Alpha Edward, it was highly probable that George will return to the Red Moon pack with James. George had to return, otherwise his decade of planning and training will be wasted. How can he avenge his parents if he gives up his current position? 
While thinking about going back, George remembered that four of them came to the Dark Howlers pack. It was him, James, Marcy, and... Nora. George totally forgot to ask Alpha Damon about Nora. She was in the dungeon. Will Alpha Damon release her? 
If Nora was not aware of what happened between Marcy and George, she will probably be irritable that she was imprisoned, shocked to hear that Marcy is not coming back with them… and maybe surprised that Dawn will join them as George's mate. 
With Dawn going to the Red Moon pack, another worry clouded George's mind. If Alpha Edward gets a whiff that there is Alpha female in his pack, he won't stand it. It will expose George's identity or worse… Alpha Edward might set his eyes on Dawn. Everyone knows that Alpha Edward is sleeping around, and an Alpha female will definitely attract his attention. George's jaw tightened as he tried to push aside this last thought. 
Will Dawn dislike him for not telling her right away that he was an Alpha? She even comforted him how she would support him if Alpha Edward doesn't take him in, and he let her talk, touched by her concern. 
But this was more than just his identity. It was about what he wanted to do with it. 
He wanted revenge, he was set to kill, and if Dawn follows him, she will be in danger. He didn't want to leave her behind, but he didn't want her to come to the Red Moon pack without knowing what that means. 
George wanted to give Dawn time to consider her options. Telling her on the day they should leave wouldn't be fair and taking her with him and keeping her in the dark will be unfair and unsafe. 
ively, he should ask her to stay in the Dark Howlers pack and pick her up when the danger was gone, but he was too selfish, to needy for her scent of cinnamon and those addictive sparks that make his soul hum in pleasure whenever they touch. 
But no matter what he wanted, he needed to tell her what's at stake and to let her decide. No pressure. Can he do that? George was not sure. What if she decides to stay behind? The Red Moon pack is known to treat Omegas badly, and even though Dawn is not an Omega, she will need to act as one, at least until he deals with Alpha Edward. 
The mental image of Dawn saying that she would rather be anywhere other than with him was creating a painful hole in his stomach. 
From the moment he saw Dawn at the door of the room where he laid listlessly, the whole world regained color and his soul stirred to connect with hers and… he didn't want to mess this up. 
If Dawn decides to follow him, they will come up with a way to delay her joining the Red Moon pack officially. George will say that they just mated, and their bond is still strengthening, and that should give them a week or two maybe, and after that… George will put things in motion and Dawn won't need to pledge her loyalty to Alpha Edward because she will be able to keep her head high as George's Luna. 
Ah, there were so many things to consider. What if Dawn finds it overwhelming and decides that she doesn't want any of it? 
George exhaled sharply, allowing his anxiety to be visible. When was the last time he was this nervous? 
"Did you sleep well?", George asked while moving slowly toward the bed. 
Dawn nodded stiffly and returned the question. "You?" 
"It would be better if I didn't need to leave early.", George responded and sat at the edge of the bed. "Dawn, we need to talk." 
Dawn felt knots forming in her stomach. Why was he so serious? This can't be good. With every passing heartbeat, the mental image of Marcy and George became clearer and Dawn saw herself fading in the background. 
George's brows came together when he saw tears swelling in Dawn's eyes. He thought that the anxiety he was feeling was his only, but now it seemed that it was hers as well. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 425 The necessary truth (2)
Chapter 425 The necessary truth (2)
After realizing that Dawn's mood was not good, George asked, "What are you thinking?" 
Dawn shook her head. It's not that she didn't want to speak, but there was a lump in her throat, and she couldn't form a word. 
"Hey…", George called while cupping her cheeks with his palms. "What's going on?" 
"Are you… leaving me?", Dawn forced the words from her mouth. 
"What!? No! Where did you get that?" 
Dawn looked at him and blinked while trying to read his face. Every blink pushed another tear down her cheeks that George frantically tried to wipe with his palms. Damn it! She was crying again! 
"Please, Dawn, talk to me…", his voice was raspy as her emotions were choking him. "Why would you think that I want to leave you?" 
"Because…" She inhaled a shaky breath. "I am not your first mate. Your first mate is there." She gestured toward the window, but it was in the direction of the house with Marcy. "She is so much better than I am." Whatever I did, I will fix it. I will do better, I promise, just… don't leave me. Or am I simply not enough? 
George looked at Dawn helplessly. Her self-doubt hit him hard. 
"Look at me.", he demanded. He waited until she lifted her gaze and their eyes met. "There is no one better than you, Dawn. Marcy is in the past I don't want to remember. You are my mate now, and I won't leave you. Ever." 
George cursed himself for leaving her to wake up alone. He knew that Dawn was insecure and other than sex, he didn't do much to show her that she was special. 
"Before meeting you, I didn't have a family. And now, you are my family. You are my everything, Dawn. I will never leave you." 
He grabbed her hand and placed it over his chest, pressing her palm with his. 
"Do you feel this? It's beating for you, Dawn." And it nearly stopped, but you walked into my life and made me want to breathe again. "Did you forget my promise that I will take care of you?" 
Dawn sniffled, embarrassed that she jumped to conclusions. "Then, why did you say so seriously that we need to talk? And where did you go so early in the morning?" 
George let out a long exhale and steeled his resolve. Here we go. All or nothing. Please, don't hate me, and don't shrink. I will keep you safe, Dawn. 
"There is something I need to tell you.", George said to Dawn and touched his chest, where letters E and C are tattooed. "You remember the letters?" 
Dawn nodded. He was wearing a t-shirt, but she knew what was under it. "For your parents." 
With her tears stopping, George's hands moved to hold Dawn's, and he rubbed her knuckles with his thumbs, hoping that the sparks of their bond will convey his sincerity and his need to have her by his side. 
"I told you that their names were Conor and Eliana. What I didn't tell you was that my parents were Alpha Conor and Luna Eliana of the Frostcrest pack." 
Dawn blinked while wondering if her ears were playing tricks with her. "What?" 
"I wanted to tell you right away, but I couldn't find the timing. I went to meet with Alpha Damon this morning, and there I met Talia who reminded me that the longer I delay, the more complicated it will get so… there it is. I am an Alpha of a pack that was destroyed, and its members were absorbed by the Red Moon pack." 
Dawn's brows came together as various emotions swelled within her and she did her best to keep it together and not freak out because George's expression told her that this was important. "You are Alpha? In another pack? And Alpha Edward doesn't feel threatened by your presence? How does that work?" 
"They don't know I'm an Alpha.", George said. He was suppressing his nature for so long, that sometimes even he forgot he is an Alpha. 
Seeing that Dawn's confusion mixed with concern, George decided to come clean completely. She needed to know, and he would tell her, it was only a matter of when, and when was now. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Let me start from the beginning.", George said. "Will you listen to me until I'm done?" Dawn nodded, and he added, "Please, don't assume things until you hear everything." 
Dawn took a moment to stabilize her emotions before responding, "OK." 
"I was three years old when the previous Alpha of the Red Moon pack challenged my father to a duel. My father lost and my mother died soon after him. An Omega from the Frostcrest pack mixed me in with other children, and no one knew who I really was as I ended up in a group of kids that was taken as future warriors of the Red Moon pack. They treated us as orphans. I was in my early teens when an Omega found me and told me who I was." 
George paused and wondered if this should be it or if he should tell her the rest. So far, she took it well, but that was about his past. 
Don't overthink it, he told himself. Dawn is my mate, and she will accept it. Dawn is not Marcy, and she won't reject me or come up with excuses to stay away, but I need to tell her everything. She has the right to know. 
"I became a Commander with the goal to get close to Alpha Edward. I want to kill him and avenge my parents. I know that he is not the one who killed them, but Alpha Edward continued his father's oppressive ruling and is ruining the lives of many so that few can live comfortably. If you come with me to the Red Moon pack, you might be in danger, especially if I fail so… think if you want to come with me or stay here. If you come with me, I will do everything I can to keep you safe, and if you want to stay, I will come to get you when I settle things there." 
There. He said it all. 
George observed Dawn and even without prying into her emotions, he could see that her mood was not good because the waterworks started again. 
George panicked. 
He really didn't know what to do. Why was she crying again? Do women cry this often? 
"I'm sorry, George…", Dawn said in a shaky voice as he rubbed her cheeks with his palms. "You've been through so much. Only a person with a golden heart can be this good after carrying such a heavy burden." 
George was not sure how to interpret her words. It didn't sound bad, but he needed confirmation. "Does that mean you will come with me?" 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 426 The necessary truth (3)
Chapter 426 The necessary truth (3)
Dawn didn't have the time to think this through, and she still didn't comprehend the fact that her mate is not only a Commander but an Alpha with a sad past and uncertain future. 
However, she knew that staying away from George will break her heart. Every fiber of her being told her that they need to stick together and she had no intention of going against it, no matter what awaits them. 
"I will come with you. If you want me." 
"Oh, I want. I want!", he exclaimed and pulled her into his embrace, unable to conceal his excitement. 
For a moment, George thought that Dawn's sorry was for her not willing to go with him, or maybe she would say how he was too complicated, and she didn't want to be with him at all, but she said that she will come with him, and she even hugged him, and that was a good thing. 
He chuckled. 
"What's funny?", Dawn asked. 
He inched away so that he can see her face. "When I came into the room, you assumed I will leave you. And now that I told you my story, I assumed you will leave me. We need to work on trusting our mate bond." 
Dawn laughed weakly and sobbed at the same time, and she gave him an ugly smile that brightened his world, just how she does. 
"I hope you will love it there, Dawn. I won't mistreat you.", George said. "Estelle is bugging me to find my mate, and now that I found you… I know you will get along." 
Dawn blinked. For a moment, jealousy and fear mixed in her, but then she heard how that woman will be happy that he found a mate, so that can't be a woman George has at home. "Estelle?" 
George hummed. "Remember I told you that Omega hid me when I was little?" 
Dawn nodded. 
"That's Estelle. She also told me about who I really am. She is the only one in the Red Moon pack who knows about my identity and when you get there, that will make the two of you.", George said, and a smile sneaked on his lips. "I have my villa there with a piece of land around it. Estelle manages it, and there are a few more Omegas living there. They were all from the Frostcrest pack…" 
Dawn listened to George talk, relieved that this Estelle person seemed to be an older woman, and she was happy that he shared something about him. 
He told her about his villa and the staff, and how every Friday evening more people who originated from the Frostcrest pack gather around a bonfire. 
"It sounds fantastic.", Dawn said when George finished. 
Dawn's heart soared when she realized that George told her his big secret, knowing that if she betrays him, it could cost him his life. That amount of trust spoke more than a thousand I-love-yous. 
"George?", she called. Seeing his questioning gaze, she spoke in a low voice, "Is it OK for you to tell me about what you plan to do with Alpha Edward?" 
His eyes flashed for a moment before his expression softened. If she knew that he was on the verge of giving up before she walked into his life, she would understand that he was alive thanks to her. Literally. And if she decided to betray him, then… so be it. 
"My life is in your hands, Dawn. I trust you with everything I am." 
Dawn was overwhelmed, tears pooling into her eyes, but she blinked them away. She thought how it would be embarrassing to cry again. George will think of her as a crybaby. 
"Thank you", she said. "I look forward to seeing our home and meeting all the people who took care of you so far. I'm sure we will get along well." Dawn was confident that they were good people. "I am not much of a fighter, and I don't know how things in the Red Moon pack work, but I will do my best to not be a burden. I will cook for you and make sure that a warm meal waits for you when you finish with your duties." 
George was happy to hear her talk about their life together. 
The truth was that George spent most of his time on the training grounds or in meetings with other Commanders and Generals, and he usually ate in the canteen with other soldiers, and sometimes even slept there. 
Estelle would complain when he didn't come home for a few consecutive days. She would worry that something happened to him. 
For George, that villa was a sign of status, and it served for Estelle and other Omegas to have a safe place where they don't need to work hard and be bullied, but now that Dawn was coming, he was determined to spend more time at home with her. 
After he takes care of Alpha Edward… somehow, George could see Dawn as his Luna, in a packhouse of their own. He was confident that people who originated from the Frostcrest pack will follow him, at least the ones who were attending gatherings on Friday evenings. 
They will build a packhouse, and it will be bright and full of laughter, and the two of them will hold each other and watch their pups running around. Pups. His throat went dry, and he felt the pressure in his groin area increasing as animalistic instincts to impregnate his mate kicked in. 
"George?", Dawn called when she saw that his expression changed. "Is everything alright?" 
He swallowed hard. "Yeah, yeah. It's just that… I'm hungry." 
Dawn glanced at the clock. It was early for breakfast, but he was fully dressed and ready for the day, while she wasn't. Well, no matter what the time was, she could always make something quick for him to eat. 
"I should get ready so we can eat." 
"I want to start my day with dessert. Maybe some cinnamon rolls that only you can provide?" 
Dawn remembered that she brought him three cinnamon rolls two days ago, and she was happy that he remembered them. It meant he liked them. 
"Uhm… there aren't any left. I could make more but it takes time. They will be ready by lunchtime." 
He was amused that she didn't get it. She was the cinnamon roll. She was his cinnamon everything. And he loved cinnamon. He loved Dawn. 
George leaned closer and pecked Dawn's lips once, twice… and then he deepened the kiss and his hand tugged the bedsheet to expose her body completely. As his hand moved back to her, he cupped her breast and started kneading with small growls that formed in the back of his throat. Her tender flesh in his palm felt fantastic! 
George knew that there were more things they needed to talk about. He should tell her how things are at the Red Moon pack, and there was also something about Dawn controlling her aura, but she smelled delicious and tasted even better and he wanted just one serving of Dawn. OK. Maybe two. Three at most. And then they will talk. 
Dawn realized that when George said he wanted cinnamon rolls, he was not talking about pastry. He wanted HER and she giggled out of pure joy. She had her mate, and he was amazing. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 427 Visiting the Shaman (1)
Chapter 427 Visiting the Shaman (1)
After breakfast, Talia and Kalina went to Mindy's room to pack a few changes of clothes and several necessities for the newly mated she-wolf (aka Mindy). 
Talia guessed that Mindy will probably stay with Gideon for some time, and she will need her things. The initial plan was that only Talia and Damon will go. 
Their goals were to deliver clothes, convince Gideon to perform the ceremony before the pack run, and Talia wanted to ask if he has any tips on how she could shift into her wolf form. She actually hoped that Shaman can perform a ritual, create a magic potion, or provide a step-by-step guide that will allow her to shift. 
However, when Damon and Talia disclosed their plan to visit the Shaman, they realized that others wanted to tag along also, so their group of two expanded to six. 
Kalina wanted to check on Mindy, and she was curious about the Shaman. Tony had no intention of letting Kalina wander without him. He was supposed to train with Nate, Paul, and Greg, but after last night's event where Elders got disturbed by the news that Damon found his Luna, Tony was not at ease without Kalina in his visual range. 
When Maddox heard where Damon was going, he wanted to see his sister, and Tatiana was happy to get out for some fresh air. Tatiana thought about this as a nature walk with her mate, romantic maybe. She also prepared a gift for Mindy and Gideon, a jewelry set. It's a human custom, and since Mindy is Tatiana's sister-in-law, Tatiana didn't want to go there empty-handed. 
Maya and Caden were also curious to see Mindy with the Shaman, but there were a million things to do now that the threat of an attack from the Red Moon pack was real, so the two of them decided to focus on that. Their patrols were doubled, and the whole pack was on raised alert. All electronic communication was monitored and filtered, and anyone leaving or coming into their territory had to pass security checks. Damon was glad that they practiced these things often, so everything ran smoothly, for now. 
As soon as the four teenagers finished with breakfast, James went with Petra, Erik, and Zack to have fun in the human city. 
James was well aware of the situation and when his father called him to hear what's new, James responded that since he arrived in the Dark Howlers pack, he spent most of his time training with George and other high-ranking warriors from Damon's pack, and he would see Marcy over breakfast and dinner. That was James' routine at home also, so it was not suspicious. Alpha Edward grunted in approval and ended the call when James started talking about youth programs, but James knew that was not a courtesy call. His father never makes courtesy calls. 
Alpha Edward was probing to see what was going on, but he didn't want to reveal that he heard disturbing news from his spies and how after that communication died. 
That was all part of James' plan. That was the first part of his plan which he called: Confusion. 
First, the fact that Damon declared another woman as his Luna while Marcy was visiting, was so outrageous that his father will want to triple-check if it actually happened. Yes, Alpha Edward was eager to make his move on the Dark Howlers pack, but he would want to know all the facts so that he can twist them to fit his own narrative. 
Second, James told Damon to kill off the ongoing communication from the pack, so that his father can't get anything beyond what initial spies sent him. 
Third, James agreed that George should send in his report exactly what happened without mentioning Marcy. Next, George needed to shut down his phone with an excuse that they (James included) are going to train off the grid for the day. 
With that, even though Alpha Edward heard what happened last night, he had no way to confirm it. 
Alpha Edward was somewhat paranoid and just a speck of doubt was needed for Alpha Edward to hold off with starting his campaign against the Dark Howlers pack. 
Based on James' estimate, this situation will buy them some time, at least a day. When Marcy wakes up and agrees to collaborate, they will move on to the next stage, and until then, James was determined to make the most of his time. Playing. 
The packhouse was suddenly quiet with only Dawn and George staying in their room. 
George promised to tell Dawn about the Red Moon pack, and he was planning to talk about the Alpha aura as well. 
Based on Dawn's timid behavior during breakfast, George concluded that his adorable mate still didn't understand what it means to be marked by him as she carried herself as an Omega. Even without a pack, he was still an Alpha, and Dawn didn't think about the detail of having the Alpha gene in her system. She was humble and delectable, looking at people around her with big eyes full of wonder, and George loved her more for that. 
Dawn and George had so much to talk about, and George feared it will be challenging because just thinking about the two of them alone in the room made him hard. He was never this... horny. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
After the car ride, our group of six moved to cross the last stretch on foot. 
Talia, Kalina, and Tatiana walked in front and chattered in a good mood. Talia took the lead with her phone in hand to sneak a peek at the map so that she stays on the right path and Damon doesn't need to intervene. 
Occasionally, Talia would turn to look back where Damon was with Maddox and Tony, and she would always meet Damon's icy-blue eyes that were burning her skin. She knew that gaze; trained on her, hungry, eager… and she felt butterflies in her stomach at the thought of what they will do that night. Marking. She said yes, and she meant it. 
Once his mark is on her neck, a lot of problems will disappear. At least that's what she hoped for. 
Maddox walked between Damon and Tony and carried the suitcase with Mindy's stuff. He was still wrapping his head around the fact that his sassy sister was mated. And to a Shaman! 
How the heck is that going to work out? Mindy is all about travel, technology, trendy stuff, while Shaman is an old dude probably living in a cave of some sort that's decorated with skulls of small animals and smells of dried roots. 
Maddox was in such a shock, that he didn't even call home to inform their parents. 
And why the hell were they walking so much? "How far is it?", Maddox grumbled. 
Damon peeled his eyes off Talia and glanced into the distance beyond her. He did some mental calculations before responding, "About five to ten minutes." It would be faster if they shifted in their wolf form, but Talia can't shift, and he didn't want to make it awkward for her. 
Maddox didn't like it. Why was Shaman living in the middle of nowhere? Was Mindy supposed to live like a recluse from now on? He was not sure what to think about it. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 428 Visiting the Shaman (2)
Chapter 428 Visiting the Shaman (2)
Damon's attention was on Talia, and he observed her intently as she moved through the forest. Her every move was graceful, leaving him in awe. 
Did she know that she moved without disturbing the foliage she walked through? Even his top scouts would have a hard time if they compete against his kitten in trekking without leaving traces. And if she combines that with the mixture of herbs she used to take, she would be nearly invisible. 
Talia was amazing, and the fact that she was clueless about it only made Damon love her more. 
Damon smiled when the breeze wafted Talia's citrusy sweet scent of freesia toward him. He knew that taking those herbs to suppress her scent was important, yet she stopped taking them because he said that he loved her scent. The girl who was always hiding wanted him to find her. That warmed his heart. 
Damon couldn't stop thinking about tonight and the fact that Talia would occasionally turn to give him a smile told him that she was thinking about it as well. Tonight, he and Talia will head to the cottage. Marking. 
The list of remaining tasks was getting shorter, and they agreed that other than Caden and Maya, no one else will know where and why they are going. After settling this with the Shaman, the only pressing matter was for Marcy to wake up and they figure out how to persuade her to collaborate in the fastest way possible because he didn't want to waste time on her. 
If Damon's calculations were correct, by afternoon they can set off, and reach the cabin by sunset. 
A number of Omegas was already there to ventilate, put fresh bedsheets and towels, and stock up the fridge and pantry. He would love to stay there at least a week, but after hearing James' plan, Maya and Caden assured Damon that they have two or three days. 
Damon sighed. Two or three days. It was too short, but if he thought about the danger from Alpha Edward and the Red Moon pack… it was the time they didn't have. 
Damon pushed the negativity away. 
Maya and Caden are capable, and his warriors are the best. In case of an emergency, Caden can contact Damon, so he can focus on claiming his mate. 
Damon didn't want to delay the marking, not now when Talia gave him the green light. It will solidify the mate bond, making them inseparable, and if he was right, his DNA will give Talia a boost and maybe awaken her wolf completely. Maybe. 
He heard stories of how the bond changes after marking, merging two into one, entangling their fates, and he couldn't wait to be forever entangled with Talia. 
Damon was trembling with anticipation. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Gideon was combing Mindy's hair with his fingers, spreading it over his chest and enjoying the slight tickle it provided. 
They were lying in the bed, completely spent, yet craving for more. 
Mindy's hand was burrowed in her personal love blanket (aka Gideon's chest hair), and she took deep breaths, relishing the most delicious scent of lavender that was made only for her. She couldn't believe that they were going at it since yesterday afternoon, with only short breaks to eat and clean up a bit. 
It was after midnight when Mindy remembered that she came here with Talia to fetch Gideon so that he can join the event, but by that time the event was already over, and the only thing Mindy could do was hope that Talia will forgive her and that nothing catastrophic happened. 
They finished washing and went back to bed without bothering to cover up their naked bodies. 
Gideon noticed that Mindy's mood dropped. "What's wrong, princess?" 
"The party.", Mindy responded. 
Gideon knew what party Mindy was talking about. It was the one he didn't want to go to. "What about it?" 
"I came here with Talia to convince you to come." 
Gideon's lips lifted into a smile. "But I came. Many times. Thanks to you." 
Mindy rolled her eyes. "Be serious. You know what I'm talking about. My friend needed your help." 
Gideon frowned. "Did you just roll your eyes at me?" 
Mindy blinked, unsure how to cope with this sudden mood change. She could feel that he was pissed, and he wanted to teach her a lesson in obedience. Somehow, it turned her on. 
She yelped when he tugged her arm and she found herself on the bed, with her face burrowed in the pillows. Before she could react, Gideon's body pressed on her back, pushing her deeper into the mattress. 
"I won't tolerate lack of respect…", he rasped close to her ear. "Do you understand?" 
Mindy closed her eyes and nodded while acknowledging the arousal that swelled within her. 
"Say it.", he demanded. 
"Yes." 
"Yes, what?" 
"Yes. I understand, daddy." 
Gideon hummed in approval. He loved when she called him daddy. It was strange at first, but when he understood that was her sign of the need to be dominated, he approved. 
His length moved between her but cheeks, spreading them slightly and reminding her of how much he wanted her. 
"Now spread for me, and don't worry about the event because it ended without incidents. If that boy can't handle a few Elders, he wouldn't be an Alpha. And if he can't protect his mate, he wouldn't deserve her as his Luna." 
Mindy bit her lower lip and spread her legs, allowing him to settle there. 
Mindy was happy to hear how the event ended well. She was not sure how Gideon knew that, but as a Shaman, Gideon definitely had his ways. He managed to put her mind at ease, and it proved that he cares about her. 
After one nudge from him, Mindy lifted her hips a bit, so he gets better access. 
"Mmm…", Gideon mumbled. "Good girl." And then he buried himself deep inside her in one powerful thrust and Mindy gasped while clutching the bedsheets as another wild ride began. 
Back to the present… 
Gideon lifted his head and frowned. 
"What's going on?", Mindy asked. 
His frown deepened. "We have visitors." 
"Now? Who?" 
"Now.", he responded and kissed her forehead before scooting out of bed. "As for who, we will find out in a minute." 
She watched him as he grabbed pants from the armoire, the muscles of his back rippling to create a hypnotic scene. 
When he descended the stairs and was out of sight, Mindy scampered out of the bed. She was staring at him and completely forgot that she should also go and see who is there. After all, now she was Gideon's mate. 
Problem. She didn't have anything to wear. Her clothes were still downstairs, since yesterday. 
Mindy went to the armoire and helped herself with one of his shirts. It looked like a baggy minidress, so it will do. Actually, if the person coming is a woman with interest in Gideon, Mindy's attire will send a clear message that he is taken. 
She raked her hair with her fingers to make it somewhat presentable and then dashed downstairs after Gideon. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 429 Visiting the Shaman (3)
Chapter 429 Visiting the Shaman (3)
As the group approached Gideon's home, they gathered in pairs with Damon and Talia in front, Maddox and Tatiana next, and Tony and Kalina in the back. 
"Don't fight. OK?", Talia said to Damon to what he looked at her questionably. 
She could feel how tense he was. He definitely didn't want to be here. 
Talia gave Damon's hand a squeeze and smiled. "Thank you for coming with me." 
His expression softened. "I will never leave your side, kitten." 
Damon's words warmed her heart. Talia knew he meant it and she hoped he will be able to make it come true because the only thing she wanted was for the two of them to be together. Always. 
They were a few steps away from the cabin when the door opened, and Gideon emerged. He stood at the door, shirtless, pushing his hair back with his hand and observing six young people with a questioning gaze. 
"Shaman Gideon", Talia greeted him first. "We hope we are not interrupting." 
He frowned. Of course, they were interrupting. Gideon didn't like Damon, as for the others, he didn't have much of an opinion. However, why did the big guy with a suitcase glare at him? 
Wait! A suitcase? 
"I'm not accepting people for a sleepover.", Gideon said dryly. 
Mindy's head popped from behind Gideon, and she smiled brightly when she saw six familiar faces. 
"Max is not here for a sleepover. He brought my stuff.", Mindy said and squeezed next to Gideon. She recognized her suitcase. "That's my brother.", she added in a hushed voice and leaned on Gideon when his arm circled around her waist possessively. 
Maddox frowned at the sight of a shirtless Gideon and Mindy who wore only a shirt, acting like they are a loving couple. He told himself that they ARE a loving couple, mates, but just yesterday his sister was bouncing all over the place and now she was stuck to an… older guy, and they definitely smelled like they had sex recently. Probably lots of it. He didn't want to think about it. Yes, they are werewolves, and it's normal, but Mindy is his baby sister, damnit! 
Maddox had to acknowledge that the cottage was nicely nestled among trees and bushes. It was not a cave, there were no tiny skulls lining the entrance, and it didn't smell funky, but still… he was not completely at ease. 
"Everyone!", Mindy exclaimed. "This is Gideon, the Shaman of the Dark Howlers pack. My mate." 
Gideon's eyes flashed and a trace of a smile appeared on his lips. He found it amusing that she introduced him like he was the new face. He lived here for decades! But the pride and happiness radiating from Mindy were tangible and it was contagious. 
"Congratulations, to both of you.", Talia said with a smile, and Kalina, Tatiana, and Tony echoed it. Damon nodded in a 'what-she-said' manner, and Maddox stood still like an angry statue. 
Mindy beamed at Gideon and waved while introducing people. "I guess you know Alpha Damon and Talia. The big guy with a suitcase is my brother, Alpha Maddox from the Blue River pack. The tall beauty by his side is Tatiana, his mate, and my sister-in-law. And those two are future Alpha Anthony from the Lightclaw pack and his mate Kalina." 
Tony nodded during his introduction and Kalina lifted her hand to wave. 
Tatiana stepped forward, with two matching palm-sized boxes in her hand that was extended toward Gideon and Mindy. "Please accept these. It's a small gift to celebrate your union." She glanced at Gideon. "I am Tatiana Wilkow." 
Before Gideon could say something, Mindy exclaimed, "You really shouldn't have!" 
"Nonsense. It's a human custom, and I grew up with them, so... Please accept it, sister-in-law." 
Mindy's smile nearly reached her ears. This was the first time that Tatiana called her sister-in-law, and Mindy didn't refuse when Tatiana stuffed boxes in her hands. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Waah! You are mated!", Kalina exploded, unable to control her excitement. She gave Mindy a big hug, ignoring Gideon who was forced to take a step back in order to give them space. 
When Kalina let go of Mindy, she started talking, "We should do some group activity. How about swimming? Tennis? Volleyball? Ping pong? We can team up in pairs. It would be fun to go hiking and spend the night outside camping." 
Tatiana waved to get Kalina to stop chattering. "Only a city girl would think about spending a night in the forest as fun. Why do all of your ideas include sweating and getting dirty? How about we go to a spa?" 
Kalina made a face. "And why do your activities include pampering? Aren't you a werewolf? It's normal to get sweaty and dirty." 
Mindy slipped from between two Wilkow sisters and approached Talia. "I am sorry, Lia. I know that we came here with a mission, and I failed. I saw him and..." 
"It's OK, Mindy. I know you couldn't help it. I am happy for you." 
Mindy pressed her lips into a line. The guilt was eating her up. "How did the event go?" 
Talia paused while thinking about how to respond to this. It was not really good, but it was not a total disaster either. "I believe we got an extension." 
"An extension?", Mindy asked, obviously needing more information. 
"It's a long story…" 
Mindy really wanted to hear that long story, but she realized that they were all standing outside. 
"Oh, how rude of me.", Mindy said and glanced at Gideon. "We can invite them inside, right?" He said that this was her home, but she needed time to adjust to the idea. 
Gideon wanted to decline. He didn't want Damon or that big hostile guy (aka Maddox) in his house. Damon was prone to breaking stuff, and Maddox didn't look better either. 
But when Gideon saw that the twinkle in Mindy's eyes diminished with every heartbeat he didn't respond, Gideon let out a long breath and nodded. 
Gideon stood at the door as Mindy entered the cottage first with Talia, Tatiana, and Kalina. 
Tony gave an apologetic smile to Gideon while passing the threshold, and then Gideon looked at Maddox who stopped one step away from him, holding Mindy's suitcase and staring Gideon down. 
Maddox was a full head taller than Gideon, and his shoulders were wider, but Gideon extruded wisdom and experience that can't be shaken. 
They eyed each other, engaged in a silent staring contest, neither of them willing to back off and look away. 
"Max!", Mindy called with the warning in her voice while making her way toward them. 
Mindy saw her girlfriends settling in the sitting area, and when only Tony came in, Mindy assumed that Damon and Maddox stopped to talk to Gideon about something important, but then she saw Maddox staring at Gideon, and she couldn't allow her silly brother to do something stupid. Mindy loves Maddox to pieces, but he is a hardheaded Alpha, and it wouldn't be the first time for Maddox to cause unnecessary trouble. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 430 Visiting the Shaman (4)
Chapter 430 Visiting the Shaman (4)
"Max", Mindy called in a low voice when she approached Gideon and Maddox who were standing at the entrance into the cottage and staring at each other. 
She stood next to Gideon and asked Maddox, "What are you doing?" 
"Why are you butting in?", Maddox asked grumpily, irritated that he looked away first. "If he crumbles because I'm scrutinizing him, he doesn't deserve to be your mate." 
"Let the youngster do his thing, princess.", Gideon responded calmly, his tone turning softer as he realized that Mindy was wearing his shirt. He was so focused on the intruders (aka guests) that he didn't pay attention to her clothes. She smelled of pumpkin and looked edible. "If a juvenile show of strength will make him happy, he can have it." 
Mindy was not pacified. No matter how awesome Gideon was, he didn't have the Alpha aura and if Maddox gets provoked he can suppress Gideon and that would put everyone in an awkward situation. "But…" 
"The Moon Goddess paired us for a reason.", Gideon interrupted Mindy's protest. "Do you think that your brother can go against that?" 
Mindy relaxed slightly and shook her head. "I don't, but he is my brother and I need to say something." 
Gideon's left shoulder rose, a gesture for Mindy to do what she wants. 
"Why are you doing this, Max? How would you feel if I was scrutinizing Tanya when you realized you are mates? Didn't you scold me for meddling in your relationship? Is this your way of getting back at me or are you going against your own words?" 
Maddox touched his nose. Damon told him that Shaman is a stubborn man, and Maddox wanted to make sure that Gideon knows Mindy has a backing. But now that Mindy reminded him of Tanya, he remembered how Mindy hugged them enthusiastically while welcoming Tanya into the family. Does that mean he needs to hug Gideon? Absolutely not. 
"I want to assure you are happy.", Maddox said after some time. "I hear him calling you a princess and I expect him to treat you as such. If he bullies you, remember that the Blue River pack is your home. No one will touch your room. Ever. You can come back anytime and there will be no questions asked." 
Mindy's smile reflected in her eyes. She was happy to hear that Maddox cared about her. She knew that he was a loving older brother, but it was rare for him to say such words. 
"You will see for yourself if you come inside and observe. Talk to us." Her expression pleaded him to agree. "Hostility will only bring more hostility. We don't know much about each other, but we are working on it and right now I'm happy. Don't spoil this for me, Max." 
Max grunted and walked inside. Mindy moved after him because she guessed that Damon was still standing there for a reason. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Gideon looked sourly toward the crowded seating area. He didn't remember when was the last time that he had so many people visiting. And it was noisy. 
He turned to see Damon and his sour mood worsened. "I assume this is not a social visit." 
"No." 
"Are you here because I didn't attend the event last night?" 
"Partially.", Damon responded. "Last night I announced to the Elders that Talia is my mate, and she will be my Luna." 
"I thought it went well.", Gideon said. "Why are you here?" 
"You heard what happened?" 
"The fact that I didn't hear anything tells me that it went well." 
Damon frowned while wondering what that means. Gideon didn't flinch when Damon said that Talia is his Luna, so he obviously knew something. Damon didn't want to delve into that issue; it will only distract him from the reason he was there and considering that interactions between him and Gideon don't end well, he needed to focus on the important parts and be done with it before things escalate. 
Damon glanced inside, and he met Talia's concerned gaze directed at him. She was watching them and silently pleading with Damon to not provoke Gideon. Damon knew that Talia had high expectations from this visit, so he gave her a reassuring nod before turning to Gideon. 
"They didn't really accept her." 
Gideon cocked an eyebrow. "You care about their opinion?" 
"I don't. But I don't want them to cause trouble for Talia." 
Gideon was pleased to hear that Damon cared about Talia. 
Gideon wondered if it's a good or a dangerous thing that Talia can affect a stubborn and prideful Alpha like Damon to the point of compromising. Probably both. 
"What does it mean that they didn't accept her, and how does that relate to me?" 
"They want us to lead the pack run on the next full moon, and the younger generation to decide if Talia is a good Luna. I am here to notify you that your services will be needed for the ceremony before the run." 
"You are notifying me? Should I be honored that Alpha came here personally?" 
Damon didn't miss the sarcasm in Gideon's tone. He pushed down his temper and responded calmly, "I came here with Talia. She wants to talk to you. As for the ceremony, it's for the pack. I won't force you to conduct the ceremony, but I hope you will think about it and consider what it will mean if you don't do it. People will gather and they will expect…" 
"I know.", Gideon cut him off. "Is that all?" 
"From me, yes.", Damon said. 
After a few stifling seconds of silence, Gideon spoke, "Congratulations on acknowledging your Luna." 
Damon was surprised by Gideon's choice of words. "You knew Talia was my mate?" 
"Why else would you barge into my house and break the door to drag her away like I wanted to eat the girl?" 
Damon glanced at the door that was visibly newer compared to the rest of the dwelling. 
"Are you going to break this one also?" 
"Only if you give me a reason to.", Damon responded stiffly. 
Gideon wanted to say that there was never a reason for Damon to break down his house, but he knew that Alphas get overly protective about their mates, and since Talia's status was not known, Damon would be easily agitated, as for the rest… 
"If it makes any difference, I still grieve the loss of Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet." 
Damon opened his mouth to say something and then closed it. This was not the time to bicker. "So do I." 
With that, Gideon moved on the side, opening the path for Damon to walk inside. 
Gideon paused while thinking if he should close the door. He decided to leave it open. If he closes the door, it might be a signal for intruders (aka guests) to stick around and he wanted them gone as soon as possible so that he can enjoy solitude with his pumpkin-infused mate. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 431 Visiting the Shaman (5) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 431 Visiting the Shaman (5) [Bonus chapter]
There wasn't enough seating for eight people in Gideon's sitting area as he never hosted gatherings. If more than three-four people stopped by, Gideon would meet with them outside, and this was definitely crowded. 
However, Talia sat on Damon's lap, and Kalina on Tony's, so they managed. 
Seeing that Gideon was standing at the side, Mindy moved close to him. 
"Should we offer them some refreshments?", Mindy asked Gideon in a whisper. 
His instinct was to say no, but Mindy's scent of sweet pumpkin reached him, and her eager expression made him unable to say anything other than, "OK. We can make tea." But no snacks! 
Mindy's eyes flashed in delight. He said, WE! 
"Give us a few minutes to prepare tea!", Mindy exclaimed toward their guests, grabbed Gideon's hand, and tugged him toward the kitchen. "Come. Show me where things are, and we can do it together." She was embarrassed that the only areas of the cabin she knew were the bedroom and bathroom upstairs. 
The cabin was deep in the woods and didn't have commodities like running water and electricity, but Mindy didn't mind. She remembered him fetching water from a pail to pour on her when they washed last night, and she thought how all that was romantic. Mindy took a mental note to ask him later about how he gets water and does laundry and such. 
Gideon started the fire on a two-burner stove that was attached to a propane tank tucked under the work surface, and Mindy put a pot of water to boil. 
Seeing Mindy eyeing the little stove, Gideon thought that maybe it was time for an upgrade. It was fine while he was alone, but a young woman like Mindy is probably used to commodities a town can provide. He left those thoughts for later. 
Gideon moved on the side where containers with various herbs were, and Mindy followed. 
She observed him with curiosity, and he started explaining, "This is chamomile, good for calming the mind and easing into sleep… Sage will keep you alert and your mind sharp… Lemon leaves rejuvenate the body, skin, in particular, to give a clean youthful look… Mint will aid in digestion and relieve congestion… Ginger will boost immunity, help fight inflammations and nausea…" He paused when he noticed that she eyed the containers suspiciously. "What?" 
"Dried herbs look more-less the same. Why didn't you label the containers? How do I know which is which?" What if he asks her for tea to stay alert and she ends up accidentally putting herb that eases people to sleep? She forgot which herb that was because he said many things. 
Gideon glanced at the unlabeled containers and realized she was right, but… "They smell differently." 
Mindy shook her head in disagreement. "Everything smells like lavender." She looked up to see him smiling at her and she smiled as well when she realized that everything smelled like Gideon. 
They stared into each other's eyes, and the invisible pull worked its magic, and they ended up locked in a kiss that quickly turned hungry. 
Mindy's fingers moved to explore his broad back, and she loved how his muscles tensed under her touch that was charged with the electric sparks of their bond. 
Gideon gave Mindy's waist a squeeze while pulling her closer to feel his erection pressing on her lower abdomen, and her whimper made him pay attention to other sounds which reminded him that they were not alone. 
He broke the kiss and released a frustrated breath. The scent of her arousal was driving him crazy. 
"How long are they staying here?" 
Mindy blinked herself into reality and glanced over Gideon's shoulder to see a group of six. They obviously knew that Mindy and Gideon were almost going at it right there in the kitchen, but they all pretended not to notice. Mindy was grateful for it, especially for Max not blowing a fuse. 
"Talia wants to talk to you.", Mindy said. She didn't know the details, but Talia told her that they came to bring Mindy's stuff and for Talia to talk to Gideon. Seeing that Gideon's brows came together, Mindy put her arms around his neck. "They came to bring my stuff and for Talia to seek your guidance. Can you talk to her?" 
"Are you telling me what to do?", he grumbled. 
"No. I am asking you to listen to what she wants. Talia won't ask for help easily, and the fact that she is here even though she knows that we crave privacy means it's important. Just hear her out, and anything beyond that is up to you. Can you do that?" 
He glanced at the pot of water that started releasing steam. "Can you prepare tea while I talk to Talia?" 
Mindy's smile was blinding. "Just show me where are mugs and what herbs I should put inside once the water boils..." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Gideon left Mindy in the kitchen and made his way toward Talia who was sitting on Damon's lap. 
"I hear that you want to talk to me in private. We can take a walk through the garden while Mindy finishes the tea." 
"I will help her!", Kalina volunteered and went to the kitchen. Kalina was burning from inside with curiosity to find out how Mindy's night went. And she still didn't see the mark on Mindy's neck! 
Talia stood up in response to Gideon's words, and Damon was quick to stand as well. 
Gideon frowned at Damon. "I thought this will be a private talk between me and Talia." 
Damon's frown was deeper than Gideon's. "It will be after you cover up." 
Gideon glanced at himself and realized that he was wearing only pants. Why the hell would he cover up his top half? He was NOT a female! But he knew that the Alpha in front of him was possessive and unreasonable, and the sooner they finish, the sooner these people will leave, so Gideon went on the side and reached for the shirt that was there since Mindy undressed him on the previous day. 
… 
Talia walked side-by-side with Gideon through his garden. It still reminded her of a meadow full of wildflowers, but now that she knew it was a garden, she could see hints of some organization among the colorful blooms. She was careful not to step on anything more than just plain grass. 
At some point, Gideon stopped walking and turned to Talia. 
"As my future Luna, you don't need to hold back.", Gideon said. "Speak with confidence." 
Talia was surprised that he called her Luna. She should probably get used to it. 
"I am not a Luna, yet." 
"But you hope to be." 
"I am Damon's mate. It would be unfair to ask him to give up his pack for me, so I will be his Luna. But in order to reach there, I need your help." 
Gideon observed Talia while thinking how she was younger than Damon, yet so mature. She selflessly put Damon's need in front of hers, like a true Luna. His opinion of Talia rose by a notch. 
Gideon gestured to Talia to keep on talking. 
"On the next full Moon, there will be a pack run, and I am supposed to lead it with Damon. I don't want to disappoint him or the pack, but the thing is that I never shifted in my wolf…" 
"Never?" 
Gideon's question interrupted her next words and Talia shook her head. 
"How is that possible?", Gideon asked. 
"No one told me how." 
Gideon cocked an eyebrow at her. "Shifting into the wolf form is not taught. It comes naturally. Youngsters will do it when their temper flares and their wolf takes over. That is stronger under the influence of the full Moon, but in time you learn to control it." 
Talia was stuck on the words, 'wolf takes over'. She pressed her lips into a line while wondering how much she should reveal. She can't tell him everything, but if she doesn't say something, he won't be able to help her. Assuming that he will want to help. 
"Before coming here, I was weak. Doctor Travis told me that my wolf took the burn off my weak body so I can survive. I don't feel my wolf and I fear that she is not there." 
Gideon inched closer and sniffed the air around Talia and then he looked into her eyes with such intensity that she felt a headache coming, but she held his gaze without flinching. 
After an unknown measure of time, Gideon straightened his posture and spoke with certainty, "There is nothing wrong with your wolf, Talia." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 432 Visiting the Shaman (6)
Chapter 432 Visiting the Shaman (6)
Talia stared at Gideon like he was growing a second head. Did he say that there was nothing wrong with her wolf? And why did he sound so certain about it? 
"If my wolf is fine, why can't I sense her?" 
Gideon looked at Talia with a complicated gaze. It seemed that she didn't know much about her wolf side. "There are cases where the wolf part will sacrifice itself in order for the human body to survive, and I don't know what happened to you, but I can tell you that your wolf right now is fine. Wolves are spirits that live inside us and bless us with longevity and what humans would call supernatural powers. Think of them like a flame; assuming that your wolf gave her strength so that you get better, it doesn't mean her flame was completely extinguished. That happens every time we heal or perform beyond limits of what our bodies normally could if we were humans." He paused because Talia's confusion was obvious. 
Gideon decided to simplify it. "Wolves are more than just part of us; they have their own will. If your wolf doesn't want to be disturbed, she will retract at the back of her mind. There is also a possibility of someone with a stronger presence influencing your wolf, but it's just the two of us here, so that's not the case. Didn't Damon tell you that?" 
"He did, but…" Talia paused. 
"But?" Gideon urged her to continue. 
"Damon said that he can't sense my wolf." And Talia couldn't sense her either. 
"The strong ones can avoid detection by the weak ones.", Gideon said mysteriously. 
Talia blinked while processing Gideon's words. Did that mean her wolf was stronger than Damon's? And also... "Are you saying that your wolf is stronger than Damon's?" 
"No.", Gideon said right away. "But I have my ways that don't rely on strength." 
Talia was still not convinced. "If my wolf is fine, why am I weak?" 
"How would you define weak?" 
"I am not as strong or fast as others." 
"Let me guess, you are comparing yourself with Damon." Gideon waved his hand, indicating that she shouldn't answer that. He knew what she was about to say. Why would a she-wolf whose body seems fragile compare herself with one of the strongest Alphas? He really didn't know how youngsters think these days. 
"Every wolf is different, Talia. Sure, there are standard ranges that accommodate most of the werewolves, but there are always exceptions. Your strength is not only in how quickly you move or how high you can jump." 
Who cared about speed and jumping? Talia really wanted to ask him about abilities like glowing, healing people, stopping water currents, and swatting people away without touching them. But she feared that such questions will reveal more than they should. 
Can she trust the Shaman? Damon told her not to trust anyone, and she trusted Damon. Wasn't that contradictory? 
She shook her head while thinking that her being Damon's mate didn't make sense, yet here she was, trying to get answers so that she can be by his side. 
Gideon saw that Talia was thinking about something intently, and he offered her another piece of his wisdom. "We live in a society where power rules. However, one's worth is not limited to strength and speed. Regardless of what you can do, keep in your mind that it was given to you by the Moon Goddess. Treat it as a gift. It's up to you how you will use it." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
When Talia and Gideon returned, the tea was served and Kalina, Tatiana, and Mindy were discussing events from last night. 
Mindy was eyeing Damon cautiously while wondering if his fierce reputation matched someone who would give so much freedom to Elders or anyone else. How much she understood, they definitely undermined his authority. Isn't that rebellion? But she didn't want to ask about it. He had his reasons. Maybe. 
The talk moved to the pack run. 
"I never participated in a pack run. Sounds exciting.", Kalina said and glanced at Tony. "Will we stay long enough to join? Lia could use our support." 
Before Tony could respond, Mindy said, "You can't." 
Kalina was confused. "What? Why?" 
"It's a pack run, only for pack members to establish new or reinforce existing hierarchy.", Mindy explained. She knew this because they have pack runs in the Blue River pack. 
Seeing Kalina's confused expression, Mindy continued, "Alpha and Luna lead the pack run with Betas flanking them and others move behind them based on hierarchy. If someone moves ahead of their place, it represents a challenge, and they can fight it out if the other one doesn't yield. There will be hunting also, so members can gain acknowledgment by competing to see who caught more. Outsiders can be there for the ceremony, but they can't participate in the run." 
"Oh...", a sound escaped Kalina's lips. She didn't grow up in a pack, so she didn't know this. 
Kalina glanced at Talia. "Who will support Lia then?" 
Mindy puffed her chest. "I will be there." With Gideon being her mate, it was just a formality for Mindy to join the Dark Howlers pack officially. 
Kalina looked at Mindy with concern. "You are not a warrior. Lia will need all the support she can get. You saw those people last night. They were eager to see Talia mess up. I'm sure they will plot against her..." 
Talia was sitting on Damon's lap, and she sank into his embrace while trying to tune out the noise. 
Her biggest problem was how to shift into her wolf form. If she can't accomplish that, Elders and others with bad intentions will definitely use it against her and Damon. She won't be able to take part in the pack run without shifting, so her priorities were set to getting in touch with her wolf. 
Gideon said many things that made sense, yet she needed to figure out how they apply to her. Or do they apply to her? 
Was it possible that her wolf was simply not interested in whatever was going on and was snoozing while Talia scrambled to deal with Elders and Marcy and who-knows-who? Or was her wolf concealing her presence with some other purpose? 
Talia remembered that her aura came to her aid more than once in the time of need, and that was something that originated from her wolf. At that time, Talia was confident how it was a sign of her wolf getting stronger and allowing Talia to tap into those abilities, but now Talia suspected that her wolf was actually there, listening, watching, and it was her wolf doing things when needed, without exposing she was awake. 
When did her wolf wake up? Or what if she was always awake? 
Talia was uncomfortable at the thought that her wolf knew Damon was Talia's mate and kept quiet about it. And all the bullying in the Red Moon pack. Was her wolf watching that also? 
Talia was not sure what to think about that. 
The only thing preventing her from crumbling was Damon's solid hold on her, which told her he was there for her. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 433 A bright future (1)
Chapter 433 A bright future (1)
The group of six didn't linger, and they moved to leave after they finished their tea. 
Kalina, Talia, and Tatiana repeated many times that Mindy should stay in touch, and wished the newly-mated couple all well, and Maddox moved slowly to stay last. 
Their visit was too short for Maddox to observe Gideon carefully, but he could see that Mindy was happy, so he kept his thoughts to himself. 
"Give me a heads up before you visit home, so I'm there.", Maddox said while wrapping Mindy in a goodbye hug. "I'm sure that mother and father would like to meet your mate." 
Mindy smiled. At first, she was not sure where Maddox was going with mentioning their home, but then she understood that it applied to both her and Gideon. 
That reminded her, "Do mom and dad know?" 
Maddox shook his head. "I didn't tell them." He glanced at Tatiana. "I didn't tell them that I found my mate either. After last night, they definitely know, and will be upset when I call." 
"Don't call.", Mindy said. "Go in person with Tanya. They won't dare scold you in front of her." 
"You think so?", Maddox asked and shook his head. 
"When you tell them about me...", Mindy paused. "Tell them that Gideon is a good man." 
Maddox responded with a stiff smile. Can he say that and sound sincere? He just met the guy! "I'm sure mom and dad will be in shock to find out that both of us found mates only days apart." 
"I heard the theory that putting mates together is Talia's power.", Mindy said. 
Maddox stifled a chuckle. He wanted to say how Kalina is full of nonsense and Maya is encouraging those crazy ideas, but he realized that it was time to go. "Don't forget that you have a family, Min." 
Mindy was speechless. Why did Maddox look so emotional? But his concern was genuine, and she comforted him, "Max, you know where I am. Feel free to come anytime. In addition to that, you can text and call. I have my cell phone and it has a signal." 
Maddox looked around. "Do you have a place to charge it?" 
Mindy was not sure how to respond to it. It should be a no, but then Gideon spoke, "We have a generator and there is a power bank she can use. I don't live in Middle Ages." 
Maddox nodded in approval and after another hug with Mindy and a handshake with Gideon, he walked out to join the other five. 
Maddox was happy for his sister, but his heart was heavy. Tatiana's arm around his waist and her leaning on him made it a bit better. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Mindy and Gideon stood in front of the cabin, and they didn't move until their six guests were out of sight. 
"My brother means well.", Mindy said to Gideon, hoping to explain Maddox's overprotective behavior. 
She wanted Gideon to get along with her family because they were an Alpha family who was close and if Gideon and Maddox start on a bad note, it can lead to Mindy needing to pick between the two. The mate bond was urging her to stick to Gideon, but her memory and experiences were drawing her toward her family and Mindy hoped that she won't need to abandon one for the other. 
"In the Blue River pack, we have a shelter for the ones who need it. There are children, elderly, but most of the people who come seeking our protection are women who suffered years of abuse because they thought that no one will help them. Both me and Max are involved in helping those people get back on their feet and start a new life. No matter how much we see, it's always heartbreaking when another woman finds her way into our shelter while believing that she is not worthy of people being nice to her." 
Gideon cocked an eyebrow at her as it dawned on him. "Is he worried that I will abuse you?" 
Mindy's brows came together. Yes, Maddox was worried, but even Mindy didn't know what the future holds. Things went well so far, and she was happy, but… "I guess we all need to see how this will unfold." 
Gideon's expression turned solemn. 
"Mindy.", he called. "That is not how the mate bond works. Fated mates can't hurt each other, it goes against our nature. I waited for you to walk through that door from before you were born. I have no intention of mistreating you, but I am used to living on my own. If something is bothering you, I need you to tell me. I don't guarantee I will agree to your requests, but I promise to listen and do my best to accommodate your needs." 
While on the topic of accommodating her needs, Mindy thought of asking, "Will you be OK with me continuing to work on the shelter and charities involved with it?" 
"I want to hear more about the work you did." 
Mindy looked at him apprehensively. Why did he talk about it in the past tense? 
Gideon's brows furrowed as he continued, "Going there to work will require a lot of travel, but I'm sure we can make it work." 
Mindy's lips stretched into a smile, and she relaxed at the thought that he was supportive. 
"I don't need to be there in person.", Mindy said. "We can visit occasionally, just to see how things are going, but even that can be done with a video call. My work was mostly focusing on securing donations so that shelter can run, and also for various charities that are focusing on specific areas, such as sponsoring education, healthcare, or attending mental therapy for the ones who need it." 
"Sounds like a lot of work. How much time do you spend on visiting the donors?" 
"Alpha Damon is our biggest donor and by being here I'm already doing most of the work.", Mindy responded brightly. She had other people who could do that work, but her identity of Mindy River came with connections to the Alpha family, and that was the biggest incentive for people to give donations. "I can do almost everything with phone calls, emails, and we can attend a few parties a year." 
"Parties.", he said sourly. "With me?" 
"Will you let me go on my own?" 
Gideon exhaled helplessly. He hated parties, but he hated the idea of Mindy being surrounded by some random men more. Didn't she know how beautiful she was? 
"As long as you don't expect me to dance, it will be fine." 
Mindy giggled and nodded, her eyes flashing in approval. 
Now that she thought about it, her work with charities didn't require her to be in other places a lot. There was also the point of Mindy finishing her education, but she can do most of it online, so being mated to Gideon didn't seem to hinder anything she did so far. 
Why did she think that finding a mate will be a problem? She didn't need to give up on anything, yet she got a handsome mate who was a beast in bed. Beast, in a good way. 
Mindy leaned into Gideon's embrace, happy that the future looked brighter the more she thought about it. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 434 A bright future (2)
Chapter 434 A bright future (2)
The guests left a while ago, yet Mindy and Gideon stood in front of their cottage, embracing each other in silence, each lost in their thoughts and the comfort of just being together. 
A long time ago, Gideon closed off his heart that was reserved for his mate. He was not inexperienced in pleasures of the flesh, but every woman who passed through his hands left him empty. He thought that the Moon Goddess denied him fated mate, for reasons unknown, and he gave up on finding his other half, yet with Mindy's appearance all the walls he built over decades collapsed, and here she was… bright and welcoming, and for the first time in his life Gideon felt like he can breathe with full lungs, each breath filling him with the addictive scent of pumpkin. His pumpkin. Mindy. 
Mindy enjoyed Gideon's warmth and his solid embrace that came with the irresistible scent of lavender, but her thoughts were focused on the things that are coming. 
She lifted her head to look at him. "Do I need to prepare an outfit?" 
He didn't get it. What outfit? "For?" 
"For the ceremony before the pack run." Mindy smiled proudly. "As Shaman's mate, I will be by your side, right? I attended ceremonies in the Blue River pack ever since I was a little girl. Shaman's mate would pass him things, so I have a general idea what I should do, but every pack has a different outfit, so…" Her voice trailed and she looked at him expectantly. 
Gideon's eyebrow twitched. "I didn't agree to perform the ceremony." 
Mindy couldn't believe this. "You are kidding, right? The pack run will happen with or without the ceremony. I can see the friction between you and Alpha Damon, and I won't tell you to pretend that things are fine. However, you are a Shaman. The pack needs you. If the ceremony doesn't happen, people will believe that you abandoned them." 
Gideon was speechless. He knew Mindy was right, but she was still talking, and for some reason, she was also stroking his chest with the tips of her fingers in ways that muddled with his reasoning. 
"I want us to participate in the pack run. It will be my first one since finding my mate and…" 
"I will prepare clothes for you.", Gideon grumbled. 
"Our wolves didn't greet each other.", Mindy said. "Do you think we can save that for the pack run? It's only a few days away and it will make it more special." 
Gideon swallowed hard. The idea of his wolf chasing Mindy's until he catches her and they mate, was leaving him breathless. Werewolves are promiscuous, but mating in wolf form is reserved for mates because their wolves won't touch another. 
Gideon saw wolves mating many times, but… he never... until now. 
"Alright.", he rasped. 
Mindy beamed. She was really looking forward to this. After all, Mindy has Alpha blood in her veins, and being Shaman's mate was not putting her at the top of the hierarchy, but she was not low either. Actually, it was perfect to give her some authority without putting her into the spotlight that came with duties. 
Gideon was now thinking about going into town with Mindy to visit the tailor. She will need a traditional leather outfit, and they should probably hurry because the last pack run was a decade ago, and once the news spread, youngsters who came of age in the last ten years will hurry to get their clothes ready. For the ceremony, it was not important, but for the ones participating in the pack run, the leather outfit that is not constricting and can easily be removed was a must-have. And with Mindy standing by his side, as his mate, a lot of eyes will be on her. He wanted to get her the best outfit so she can shine. 
Ah, but the town was far away and if they go now, it will cut into their alone time as a newly-mated couple. 
While thinking about the distance to the town, Gideon asked, "Do you want us to move to the town? Or somewhere else? There are single-family homes available for mated couples." 
"What about your garden?", Mindy asked. 
Gideon shrugged. "I can always plant a new one." 
Mindy was genuinely moved. She was sure that Gideon spent years arranging this place to fit his needs, yet he was willing to leave it all and start anew with her. 
Well, she was leaving her life behind also, but it was common for werewolves that female makes adjustments for her mate. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Mindy wrapped her arms around Gideon's neck. "Hold onto the thought about planting a new garden for later. Right now, this place is fine. If we find that it's not working, we can discuss a move. It's not something we should rush into." 
"It seems you have things figured out." 
"Mhm…", Mindy hummed in confirmation. "Both of us will come up with a list of things we expect from our new place and find one that's perfect. If that kind of a place doesn't exist, I will take care of that." She winked playfully. "I am close to the Luna and can pull some strings. We will get our dream home in a perfect location, and neither of us will have regrets." 
Gideon chuckled and tightened his hold on her. Mindy's cheerfulness and easygoing way of talking were refreshing. But the best part was that he could feel her emotions and he knew that she really felt that way. She wanted them to be happy… both of them. And he wanted that as well. 
Mindy took a deep lavender-infused breath while imagining their future house. 
A big house won't do because she didn't like to clean, and she didn't want to get Omegas to serve them either. Privacy was the top priority, and they can't have that with others snooping around. 
Two bedrooms, one for them and one that can be used when they have guests. A library for his books, a spacious backyard that can accommodate all his herbs, and a shed that would serve as his workshop for drying herbs and whatever else Shamans do. A small patio where two of them could sit and have a snack with his aromatic teas while enjoying the view of the garden. 
As for the location… Closer to the town than this, but not too close to the noise and crowd. 
Just the two of them would be perfect. The two of them, and… kids… maybe? The thought of the baby-making process made her heart race. 
Gideon's nostrils flared when he picked up the scent of her arousal. 
"What are you thinking about, princess?", he asked huskily. 
She looked at him and waggled her eyebrows playfully. "I'm thinking about us continuing to get to know each other. On a deeper level." 
A hearty chuckle escaped Gideon's chest and he scooped Mindy in his arms and carried her into the cabin. 
He closed the door with his leg and continued walking upstairs, loving the way her soft body clung to him. 
His adorable mate wanted them to get intimate, and he had no intention of denying her that. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 435 Restless thoughts
Chapter 435 Restless thoughts
When they returned to the packhouse, Damon went with Caden to handle some pack-related business as Maya was swamped. 
Maddox was restless after leaving Mindy with Gideon, and there was also the point of telling his parents that he and Mindy both found their mate. But the matter that weighed on him the most was the upcoming talk to Tatiana. Will she accompany him to the Blue River pack? 
Maddox and Tatiana touched on the topic of their future, but Tatiana was talking about her company and upcoming fashion shows, and there was no mention of the Blue River pack and her being a Luna and Maddox's mate. 
Maddox was nervous. Will she leave him? 
In order to release some of his tension, Maddox decided to join Tony when he headed to the training grounds. 
That left Tatiana, Kalina, and Talia in the living room. 
Talia decided to give attention to her two friends. 
Until then, she was thinking about Gideon's words, and about the incident in the study when her wolf took over for a few endless minutes, and about every time her aura came forth and… nothing. Other than her getting a hint of a headache, there was nothing. 
Talia needed a mental break, and there were many other things to think about. Like the possibility of an upcoming war. 
"Did you guys decide how long you will stay here?", Talia asked Tatiana and Kalina. "I'm not chasing you away, just asking." 
Kalina nodded in understanding. "I guess you don't want us to be implicated if Alpha Edward makes his move." 
Talia gave Kalina a grateful smile. She was glad that her friend understood. "I know that Tony and Max believe how your presence will deter him from acting, but I think that the man is power-hungry to the point of not caring of who is watching. I don't want you to get hurt just because you are here." 
Kalina reached to hold Talia's hand and gave her a reassuring squeeze. "We can help." 
"I know.", Talia responded. "But I believe you will be of more help if you are out there. Talk to people who are willing to listen until they understand that Alpha Edward is unreasonable. They don't need to provide reinforcements to the Dark Howlers pack, but if they can decline assistance to Alpha Edward, that will already be a lot of help." 
Tatiana slumped back in her chair and let out a long breath. "To be honest, I like it here." 
Kalina cocked an eyebrow. "You are just shagging your mate. What is there not to like?" 
Tatiana stifled a laugh. "That's not what I meant. I was talking about being myself." 
"You sound like you were holding back so far. I don't remember that you lived a life of solitude.", Kalina said teasingly. 
"No. I mean…" Tatiana paused while thinking about how to explain. "I spent a lot of time among humans, always watching that I don't move too fast or squeeze too hard during a handshake. Humans look like us, but they are not. I felt caged while suppressing things that come to me naturally, and here I don't need to do that." 
Kalina pursed her lips. She grew up around humans also, but she didn't see it as caged. "I always thought about that like practice in control." 
Tatiana leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees. "That's exactly it. Control. With humans, we need that. Here, I can do what I want, how I want it, and people won't look at me like I'm a freak. I remember attending one of my first parties and when I took the champagne flute, the delicate thing shattered in my hand. My date looked at me strangely, and after the third one I broke, the waiter said how the glasses must be flawed because there was no way a refined lady like myself would end up breaking them on purpose. Ah, I still remember going home thirsty because I didn't dare touch those anymore, and everything was fragile crystal…" 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia's chest tightened when Tatiana's story reminded her of herself. Damon was warning her to be careful but why did she need to control her powers? Will people think of her as a freak if they find out what she did? What about her friends? 
Will Tatiana be grateful that Talia stopped water currents so that Maddox can save her, or will Tatiana fear her? 
Gideon said that whatever she can do is a gift from the Moon Goddess, but what's the point of a gift if she can't use it because people might look at her like she is a monster? 
Was there a place for Talia where she can be herself and break stuff without people looking at her strangely? 
Somehow, Talia remembered Axel. He said that she was welcome in the Midnight Guardians pack. Based on the scene of Meg glowing in the car and Kai's silvery eyes, it appeared that people in the Midnight Guardians pack have such powers. Was that the place where Talia could be herself? But they won't accept Damon because he was not one of them. Was she one of them? How can she know if she belongs to a place she never visited? 
Talia nearly jumped out of her skin when a pair of strong arms circled her from behind. 
"What's weighing on your mind, kitten?", Damon murmured close to her ear, and she took a deep breath of the forest and the dark chocolate that had the power to ease her nerves. 
That's right. Damon was her home. With him, she could be herself and he won't judge her or think of her badly no matter what she did. 
"Just… stuff.", she said. Was she actually thinking of going with Axel? No, that's not happening. No matter what, she won't leave Damon. 
She looked up at Damon to meet his icy-blue eyes full of concern. 
"I am fine. Really.", Talia did her best to assure him. They already had so many things to juggle and adding more to it won't help. 
Acting like things were normal was one of the things that helped her from running away. Where would she run? She didn't know. Maybe into the mountains, or out of the country; wherever she ran, it would be fine as long as Damon was with her, but… would he want to leave all this behind? She shook useless thoughts away. 
This place, this pack… it was important to Damon, and he was her most important person and she didn't want to put him in a position to choose. She will be with him in this, for better or for worse. Together. Isn't that what mates do? 
Before any of them said anything else, James entered the living room. 
Talia felt anxiety bubbling inside her. Wasn't James supposed to spend the day having fun with Petra, Erik, and Zack? And why was James' expression not good? 
Talia swallowed hard. If James was back early, it could mean only one thing. 
"Is it time?", Talia asked Damon, her voice barely above a whisper. 
Damon gave her a small nod and said words that made her chest tighten. 
"Marcy is awake." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 436 A three days-long deceit (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 436 A three days-long deceit (1) [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, BFD_80, for the Magic Castle gifted on March 19, 2022! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
In the house where Marcy was... 
Talia, James, Dawn, and George were in the kitchen, all seated on chairs and staring at the screen of a laptop that showed the live feed from Marcy's room. 
Marcy was on the bed, and Doctor Travis was checking her vitals and taking notes on his tablet. 
Dawn was nervously squeezing George's hand and he gently caressed her knuckles, silently assuring her that Marcy had no effect on him. And she didn't. The truth was that George didn't want to be there, but as Commander George, he needed to be present. 
James observed with a boorish expression, and Talia was tense because she knew that Damon will enter the scene. 
Upstairs, Damon stared at the door like it was his mortal enemy while silently chanting James' last instruction, "it needs to be convincing". 
Damon hoped that just words will be enough and Talia won't blow a fuse. He could feel her anxiousness spilling into him and he took a deep breath to stabilize his emotions. If Marcy sees through him, all this will become a fantastic shitshow. 
They needed Marcy to cooperate and only Damon could do this. 
James said it will work, and Damon hoped that youngster's confidence was not just for show. 
After a short knock, Damon pushed the door open. 
Travis was sitting on a chair next to Marcy's bed and he bolted to his feet. "Alpha!", he greeted with his head lowered. 
"Continue…", Damon said and leaned on the doorframe with his arms crossed over his chest. 
Marcy opened her mouth for Travis to put a thermometer, and her eyes drifted toward Damon. His intense gaze was trained on her and she held her breath, unable to look away. He was super-handsome without trying and his appeal was enhanced by the sharp aura coming from him. Dangerous. Powerful. Dominating. A true Alpha. 
She bit her lower lip. How much did Damon know? 
She woke up some time ago, and this doctor entered her room a few seconds later, introducing himself as Travis, the doctor assigned by Alpha Damon to take care of her. 
Travis told her that he was watching her since yesterday, her condition was serious, but improving, and that Alpha Damon was on his way. 
Travis didn't mention breaking of the mate bond and she wondered if he didn't know about it or if he was not allowed to talk about it. In either case, Marcy decided to keep quiet and see how things went. 
Marcy used this time to assess Damon's attitude. Surely, if Damon knew that George was Marcy's mate and that they broke off the bond, his Alpha pride would kick in and he would send her packing. Or maybe to the dungeon. Or worse. 
The fact that Damon provided her medical aid in a house, outside prying eyes, told her that Damon either didn't know about what happened or was trying to conceal it. Was it possible that Damon was fearing her father and was willing to overlook her error of coming here to be his Luna while having a mate? 
But George accepted the rejection, so there was no evidence, and no obstacles for Damon to mark her. 
If George didn't spill the beans, they might think that she only passed out from unknown causes. And if George said the truth, he would be in danger also, and George was not stupid or suicidal, so... there was a chance that Marcy can come out of this scot-free. 
Travis removed the stethoscope from around his neck and turned to Damon. "Done." 
"How is she?", Damon asked. 
"Her vitals are steady but somewhat weak. I expect that in two-to-three days we will see a full recovery." 
"Thank you, Travis.", Damon said and moved while gesturing toward the open door. "I would like privacy with Miss Marcy. Please wait downstairs. I will have some instructions for you." 
Travis bowed his head and took his medical bag before making his way out of the room and closing the door behind him. 
Marcy's heart thundered against her chest. This is it, the moment when she will find out what will happen. 
Damon knew that this was not fair but facing a choice between the safety of Talia and his pack vs Marcy's, the choice was obvious. He also reminded himself that Marcy came here with her mate while hoping to become his Luna, so deceiving her won't be a big offense. She was doing the same. 
'It needs to be convincing!', James' voice echoed in Damon's head, reminding him that this was not the time for doubting priorities and weighing who is right. 
"How are you feeling?", Damon asked while taking a seat on the chair that Travis vacated, next to Marcy's bed. 
Marcy's eyes widened. Was that question full of concern directed at her? 
"F-fine.", she stuttered before adding, "A bit weak, but fine." She repeated what Doctor Travis said. If she says that she is completely fine, Damon might kick her out. 
Damon ran his hand through his hair. "You got me worried." 
Marcy was not sure what to think about this. Did he say he was worried? "Thank you for your concern, Alpha Damon." 
She blinked a few times before deciding to ask, "It seems I missed the event." 
"Yes, you did." 
"How did it go?" 
"It was nearly a disaster. Everyone expected you to show up and I announce that you will be my Luna, and when you didn't come, I had to improvise." Well, that was almost-truth. 
Now the acting came. Damon's role was to convince Marcy that he was clueless about the rejection. 
"I'm sorry, Marcy." 
Marcy's stomach dropped. Was this the part where he tells her to pack and leave? Or will he send her into a dungeon? "About?" 
"My doctor believes that you were poisoned. Considering the condition of your wolf, he thinks it was wolfsbane.", Damon said with a pitiful expression. 
Marcy wondered if her ears malfunctioned. She was poisoned? "What?" 
"I hope you can forgive me the negligence. I have no idea how an enemy sneaked into my packhouse, but my people are working on it. By the time I found out that someone is targeting my future Luna, it was too late and when I arrived, you were already on the floor. I brought you here and got my best doctor to take care of you. I couldn't risk taking you to the pack hospital because I didn't know who was behind the attempt on your life." 
Marcy blinked while staring at him stupidly. Poisoned? He was sorry? She couldn't decide if he was serious or maybe baiting her into something, but there was no way she will admit to anything. 
"You think that someone poisoned me?" She had to make sure about this. 
Damon nodded solemnly. "Your bloodwork was clean, so it must have been a mixture that is difficult to detect. But only wolfsbane will weaken your wolf in such a way. The good news is that given enough time, you should make full recovery." 
Marcy couldn't believe her luck. Her wolf was weakened from her rejection, and she took another blow when George accepted the rejection, but Damon thought it was wolfsbane. This was fantastic!
###Chapter 437 A three days-long deceit (2)
Chapter 437 A three days-long deceit (2)
Marcy reminded herself not to smile about her stroke of luck. Instead of being scolded for coming to the Dark Howlers pack to be Damon's Luna despite having a mate, Damon thought that she was poisoned and he felt guilty about it! She can definitely use that to her advantage. But first, she needed to understand the whole situation. 
Marcy made a troubled expression. "You said you improvised at the event. How did you explain my absence?" 
"I told everyone at the event that Talia will be my Luna." 
Marcy's head was spinning. Did they think she will die and that wretched mistress took her place? Marcy still remembered how Talia pinned her down while showing her the racy video, and then George lost his temper and accepted Marcy's rejection, snapping the bond completely and causing her unimaginable pain. 
It was Talia's fault that Marcy ended up in this sorry state, and now Talia took her spot! Marcy wanted to give Talia a good beating. 
Marcy thought that Damon came to comfort her, yet it seemed that he replaced her already. It didn't make sense. "You… what?" 
"I had to announce Talia as my mate.", Damon said. "You see, like this, my enemies don't know if they were successful in poisoning you, and whoever is targeting my Luna, will shift their focus on Talia. Only like that, I can assure your safety. My men already have a solid trail and once we find the culprits, I will call the press and remove any doubts about who will be my Luna.", Damon said this in one breath and hoped that Marcy will fall for it. 
James said it will work as Marcy mostly thinks about her survival. Damon admired this scenario that covers the truth with a veil of deceit perfectly. Marcy will buy it. 
The way Marcy's eyes moved told Damon that she was processing this information, and this was the right time for the next step: making Marcy feel important. It will boost her confidence to the point of neglecting the warning signs. At least that's what James said. 
Before Marcy could react, Damon moved swiftly to sit on the edge of her bed and hold her hand. 
"Marcy…", Damon called huskily. "I need your help." 
Marcy stared at their connected hands. His hand was big and warm and… she liked it. 
Damon's free hand moved to touch her chin and lift her head so that he can meet her eyes. "You said that you want to be my Luna. I expect my Luna to watch my back. Will you help me?" 
Marcy blinked. He was close. Too close. "Help you? How?" 
"I need you to handle your father. He doesn't know what happened and thinks that I discarded you." 
Her eyes darted to his lips. "How can I help?" 
"Tell him the truth.", Damon said without missing a beat. "Actually, if you can skip the poisoning part that would be for the best." Damon waited until Marcy nodded, and then continued, "Tell him that someone is targeting you and what happened at the last night's event is only to flush out my enemies. We need him to be patient for three days, and then everything will be clarified." 
"What will happen in three days?", Marcy asked breathily because her heart was racing. Damon was awfully close, but she wanted him to get closer. 
"Doctor Travis said that by then you will be fully recovered. Also, I'm confident that within three days the culprits will be caught, and then we can make your position official. I don't want my Luna to be in danger before she can take on her role." 
Damon had no problems saying that because most of it was mostly the truth. Mostly. He will announce that Talia is his Luna, and everyone will know that Marcy is not. Three days. By then, Talia will wear his mark. This thought made him smile a little. 
Marcy nodded robotically. "OK." 
Damon stared at her intently, and Marcy thought he will kiss her, but he stood up and stepped away. 
He took a phone from his back pocket and gave it to Marcy. Marcy flipped the phone to see that it was hers, powered off, and her attention went back to Damon who was giving her additional instructions. 
"Call your father. He is probably going crazy thinking that I mistreated you. Tell him that things between us are going well, and ask him to be patient for three days until we clarify everything..." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Marcy called Alpha Edward to tell him what Damon instructed her to say. 
The short version was that someone was targeting Marcy, and the announcement how Talia is Damon's Luna was a decoy to keep Marcy safe. Marcy was in a safe location, near the packhouse, until Damon finds the culprits. Marcy said that Damon was visiting her when the circumstances allow and that things between them are great. 
Alpha Edward was at first confused and then pacified. The call ended with Alpha Edward's, "I look forward to hearing good news in three days!" 
Damon knew that Alpha Edward will continue sending his spies to confirm what was really going on, but after his talk to Marcy, he will dismiss stories that place Damon and Talia together either as Talia being Damon's assistant, or Talia being a decoy to protect Marcy. 
After ending her call, Marcy powered off her phone and returned it to Damon. He said that his enemies might use GPS to track her phone, and she believed him. 
"Is there anything I can do to make your stay here more comfortable?", Damon asked. 
"Here?", Marcy asked while eyeing the room. "I won't stay in the packhouse?" 
"No. There are too many people there, and we need to stick to the scenario. It's temporary.", Damon assured her. "Don't leave this house until I come and say that it's safe. I have my trustworthy warriors guarding you. Even if you don't see them, they are there. Rest as much as you can in order to recover your strength. Handpicked people will come here to bring you food and anything you ask for. You might hear from them that I'm with Talia. Don't overthink it. She is just a decoy until I find the culprits. Only a few of us know how important you are...", he picked his words carefully, but he still felt sick to his stomach when he saw Marcy smiling brightly at him. 
Marcy's smile faded as she thought about the next few days. "Are you expecting me just to sit here and do nothing?" 
"It's for the best that you stay off the grid. You can watch the television, but no internet and no cellphones. Be patient until the coast is clear." 
Marcy let out a long breath and nodded in agreement. A few days. Three, at most. She can do that. 
"I won't visit you before I'm sure the culprits are caught.", Damon said. "I am probably being watched and I don't want to risk leading my enemies to you. At this point, you are precious and vulnerable." 
Marcy's smile was back. He said that she was precious. 
Marcy asked about James, George, and Nora, and Damon told her that James and George are attending training as scheduled, to which Marcy frowned. How can George train like nothing happened while she was unconscious for a full day? But then, George was a Commander with a trained body and spirit, so maybe that was the difference between their endurance. 
She decided not to think about George because Alpha Damon was right there, and he was telling her updates related to Nora. Marcy was not surprised that Nora made her move on Damon, and she was visibly pleased with the news that Nora was in the dungeon. 
Marcy asked for books and magazines to keep busy in the next three days because she was not interested in watching television, and Damon said that he will take care of it with a reminder that the internet and cell phone are prohibited, for her protection. And she believed him. 
Everything went just as James predicted. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 438 A three days-long deceit (3)
Chapter 438 A three days-long deceit (3)
Damon left Marcy's room feeling victorious, but also apprehensive about meeting Talia's eyes. 
While he was in that room with Marcy, Damon felt Talia's unsteady emotions bouncing on him, and he was on the verge of dropping everything and just going to hold her. She needed comforting, and he needed assurance that she won't leave. He was never so insecure. Maybe because he never truly cared about someone before. 
Damon hoped that Talia knew he held Marcy's hand only for the show, and all the nice things he said were only to get Marcy to cooperate. 
He tried to focus on the positives. 
With this, level of alertness in the territory of the Dark Howlers pack can be lowered. No matter what Alpha Edward hears after his conversation with Marcy, he will think that it's information from people who don't know what's really going on. 
In the meantime, Marcy will send to her father a few updates that James prepared already. Damon couldn't believe that everything played out how the teen predicted. 
Damon really admired James' mind. The boy is a genius! 
Damon was thinking about how to recruit the teen, but James was right… his father won't let him go because Alpha Edward doesn't see James as a smart kid, he sees James as his successor. 
However, in two years, James will have his eighteenth birthday and his cover will crumble when his aura doesn't awaken. Damon took a mental note to poach the boy at that time. If he can have James as a strategist, Damon was ready to make him his Gamma. 
This three days-long delay will be enough for Damon to mark Talia and they enjoy being lovey-dovey in the cabin, away from it all. Even if the sky was falling, Damon would prioritize solidifying his bond with Talia. No more waiting. With dangers pressing on them from all sides, he needed to know that she was his, or he would lose his mind. And once she wears his mark, and they step out as Alpha and Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, everything else will be settled… somehow. 
This three days-long break will give James more time to play, and George and Dawn will indulge in the activities as newly found mates. 
Everyone wins! 
Well, not everyone. Someone needs to work. 
Caden and Maya have tasks to monitor the situation and catch any people who attempt to get in touch with Alpha Edward. 
Damon didn't get a chance to talk to Maddox and Tony about their plans, but they can either continue what they were doing, or go home. At this point, they can't contribute, and they were not in the way either. 
Once three days are up, Talia and Damon will return, and they will move on to the next stage of James' plan. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
When Damon reached the kitchen, he found Dawn, George, James, Travis, and Talia. They were looking at the screen that showed Marcy on the bed rolling and giggling. She was obviously pleased with this outcome, and totally oblivious to the camera in her room or that her happiness will collapse in three days. 
Damon pressed his lips into a line while wondering how Marcy will behave when the truth slaps her on the face. Telling her a pretty lie in order to manipulate her was wrong, but Damon knew that he couldn't tell her the truth in advance. 
James said that Marcy is a bad liar, and even if she wanted to collaborate with them, Alpha Edward would see through the deception. Marcy might be willing to lie, but she won't be brave enough to go through it. 
Based on James' assessment. It was crucial for Marcy to believe the lie because only like that she could make Alpha Edward believe it. 
Well, she will enjoy her bliss for three more days before they tell her what's really going on. 
Damon didn't like this. He was a warrior, and not a schemer. This lying made him feel icky all over. But he reminded himself that Marcy wanted to be his Luna with a mate by her side, and she beat Talia, twice. Marcy did a lot of selfish things without considering who gets trampled. With that in mind, Damon felt less guilty. 
"Travis…", Damon called. "The fact that Marcy is here is no longer a secret, but we don't want to publicize it. Marcy is not allowed to leave the house. Pick a few trustworthy nurses to come and check on Marcy once or twice a day, just to make sure her condition doesn't worsen. Tell Caden and Maya who are nurses you picked, so they notify the guards. Zina can coordinate with them to bring Marcy her meals." 
George stood up and pulled Dawn with him. "We are leaving.", George said. 
Damon nodded in acknowledgment. "You have three days. After that we move onto the next stage." 
George's eyes darted toward James. "Will Marcy cooperate after finding out the truth?" 
James smiled smugly. "By then she will be too deep to back off. Don't worry. I got it all figured out." He glanced at Damon. "Anything else, or can I go?" 
Damon knew that James was irritated because he had to stop his fun to attend this. "If you want to join your friends, I will arrange for a warrior to take you there. And if you don't, there is the latest PlayStation console in your room with a few games that should keep you busy for a while." 
James' eyes lit up. "I will check out the game console." James walked out of the kitchen in hurried steps. PlayStation! 
With that, Damon looked at Talia who had a small frown on her beautiful face. He could feel that she was troubled. It's not that he was holding a woman's hand, but this was Marcy. She wanted to be his Luna. She already experienced his touch and Talia ended up watching the video recording. 
Damon knew, if roles were reversed, he would blow a fuse just by seeing Talia in the same room with a guy who put his hands on her. 
"Give me a moment, kitten.", Damon said and moved toward the sink. 
He used the dishwashing liquid to soap his hands and he washed them thoroughly before patting them dry with a towel and turning to Talia who was now smiling a little. 
She knew that he washed hands because of her, and she appreciated the gesture. She didn't want to think about Marcy or anyone other than Damon. 
"Can we go now to the cabin?", she asked. 
Damon's heart flipped in his chest, and he licked his lips nervously. It was happening! But first, a few more things. 
"I will ask Steph to pack us some food for the road and in the meantime, we can pick a few changes of clothes to take." 
Damon extended his hand toward Talia, palm up, and her delicate hand slid into his big one, their fingers interlaced, and Damon was glad that Talia was not upset. 
They were getting ready to leave for the cabin, and he will mark her, and she will be his completely. Finally. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 439 On their way to the cabin [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 439 On their way to the cabin [Bonus chapter]
About ten minutes after they passed Darkbourne, the black armored Lexus SUV took a right turn, and Damon skillfully navigated a gravel road that snaked between massive sequoias and pine trees that were blocking the afternoon, allowing only occasional thin bright rays to spear through the air and speckle the ground with white dots. 
As the drive progressed, gravel became sparser, revealing the hard soil beneath it. Bushes and ferns stretched toward the road, indicating that this road was not frequently used. 
Other than the moving car, everything appeared to be still. 
Talia opened the window and warm sticky air caressed her cheeks. The humidity was so high that there were puddles on the side of the road even though it didn't rain in days. But she loved it. Wherever she looked, she could see the green untouched nature. 
And the best part was her left hand was in Damon's right, their fingers interlaced. 
Talia knew that they were heading for his cabin, and she didn't ask where exactly that was. As long as she was with Damon, she would go willingly even if it's inside a volcano. 
Over the steady hum of the car engine, Talia listened to the sounds of the forest. She could hear birds chirping and there was faint clamor of water that sounded like a stream hidden in the dense foliage, but not a single animal was in sight no matter how much she looked. 
"Are you searching for something in particular?", Damon asked her. 
"I was wondering if I could see a bear or a fox." Or anything. They were away from the town, and she was sure that this dense forest will be a home to many creatures. 
Damon chuckled. "Animals have strong instincts to avoid danger. They won't get close to us." 
Talia paused and it took her a few long moments to realize that the danger he spoke of was him. 
She smiled while thinking how Damon is so sweet with her that she forgot he is an efficient killing machine. An Alpha. Predator. 
There was a time when she was afraid of him, but in time he showed her that he can be caring, gentle, passionate. Hers. 
Maya told her that Damon's behavior changed since he returned from the Red Moon pack with Talia. He was less aggressive, not so impulsive, thinking more (and sometimes overthinking), but overall, happier. Maya also said that Damon would spend a lot of time training with warriors or engaged in a fight. That was not the behavior Talia observed and she hoped the change in Damon was for good and that people won't think less of him. 
Talia unbuckled her seatbelt and scooted closer to lean her head on Damon's shoulder. It didn't matter how other people (and animals) looked at him, to her, he was Damon. Just Damon. Her mate. 
The drive was steady, and the exhaustion caused by stress of the last few days caught up to her, and Talia drifted off to sleep. 
Damon glanced at the sleeping woman by his side, and he made sure to avoid bumps on the road, so she can rest. 
Both of them needed a break, from everything. 
Damon really wished that they can take a whole week, or a month, or forever, just for the two of them. But he knew that was impossible. He couldn't leave the pack. It was his duty to keep everyone safe and provide for them, and now that he found his Luna, he needed to introduce her to his people. Their people. 
Last few days were a constant reminder that he screwed up. Maddox and Tatiana, Kai and Meg, Gideon and Mindy. Even George and Dawn were clinging onto each other from the moment they realized they were mates, and Damon… didn't. 
Damon was supposed to announce Talia as his mate on the same day she arrived at the Dark Howlers pack. Actually, even at the Red Moon pack, instead of sneaking Talia in the trunk of a car, Damon should have claimed her as his mate in front of everyone and walk her out through the main door with a warning that Alpha Edward will suffer for mistreating her. Surely, a fallout after that couldn't be messier than what they were facing at this point. 
Damon squeezed the steering wheel while releasing a frustrated breath. He was unable to change the past, and he decided to treat this as a new beginning. This time, he will do things right. 
His plan was solid. The two of them will enjoy the next three days; he will mark Talia and assure her that he will keep her safe and support her to the best of his abilities, swearing loyalty and commitment while they make sweet love and savor each other until exhaustion. And when these three days pass, Damon will bring Talia back to the Dark Howlers pack as his Luna, ready for the pack run and to deal with Alpha Edward and anyone else who dares to endanger what they have. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia opened her eyes when the movement of the car changed. 
"Sleep, kitten…", Damon murmured as she blinked herself awake. 
"No, it's fine.", she said and rubbed her eyes. "I didn't mean to sleep." 
Talia felt guilty. Damon was working more compared to her, yet she ended up dozing off while he was driving. 
She observed that the road became bumpier, and it was actually just two faint strips in the grass. If not for those, the only indication that it's a path would be that there were no bushes that way. 
The amount of light diminished, indicating that the sun was setting. How long was she sleeping? 
"We will be there in a few minutes.", Damon said, and she hummed in response while looking out the window that was closed now. 
With every passing second, Talia was becoming more aware that she was alone with Damon. They were going to spend some time in a cabin and… have sex. Her cheeks heated. They did it many times before, but now they were going with an intention to do it, and she was getting flustered. 
Damon threw her a side-glance. "What are you thinking, kitten?" 
There was no way she will admit her thoughts. "I was wondering how the cabin looks like. You said that there is a lake nearby. I would like to see it." 
"Mhm…", Damon hummed in response. "Do you think it's a sexy lake?" 
Talia blinked. "What?" 
He chuckled. "I can smell your arousal. So, either you were hoping that the lake is sexy, or it was something else. Were you thinking what are we going to do in the lake? Now that is something I want to hear about, so I can make it come true." 
Talia cleared her throat awkwardly and swiftly pushed the button to open the window. She forgot about the scent! 
Damon's hand was squeezing and caressing her knee now, but she decided to ignore him and think about something else because if she acknowledges her naughty thoughts, it will only spur him to tease her more, or maybe stop the car so they can go at it right there, and it's not that she didn't want it but she wanted to reach the cabin before nightfall. 
She couldn't believe that they were about to spend three days off the grid considering what was happening at home. 
But she knew that these three days were calm before the storm and even though everyone seemed to be happy to get this break, they were anxious about what's coming. 
Other than Maya and Caden, no one else knew that they left. They agreed that Maya will say how she will tell everyone that Damon and Talia went to handle some pack business and it might take a few days. 
Talia didn't want to conceal this from her friends, but she knew that the fewer people were aware that Alpha Damon was set on marking her, the bigger were chances that no one disturbs them. After all, when Damon marks her, their bond as mates will be sealed, and even if someone doesn't approve, only by killing one of them that can be broken. Talia tried not to think about it. She hoped that people will approve, or at least not meddle. One can wish. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 440 In the Cabin (1)
Chapter 440 In the Cabin (1)
Talia tried not to think about Marcy's situation because the mental image of that woman made her insides tighten in a bad way. However, no matter how much Talia disliked Marcy, giving her hope only to let her crash later was cruel. 
Talia cringed when she realized how one tiny part of her agrees that Marcy deserved everything that was happening. 
Marcy rejected her mate while coveting another man, and Talia's body tensed at the memory of Marcy's beatings and words full of spite, talking to Talia like she was dirty and unworthy to be in princess Marcy's presence. 
"Ah!", Talia let out a surprised cry when Damon squeezed her knee with some force. 
"Why did you do that?", she asked. 
"Didn't we agree that this is our chance to disconnect and recharge? For the next three days, you can either relax or think about me." 
She realized he was right. Somehow, she ended up thinking about Marcy and her mood dropped, and he could feel her. "Sorry. My thoughts drifted that way on their own." 
Damon clicked his tongue, and he was about to say something, but then his lips stretched into a smile. "We are here…" 
It was a simple cabin made out of dark wood that appeared black where shadows blanketed it. Tall bushes started on each side and massive trees towered above. The grass in front of the cabin was cleared of other foliage, but there was no path to the front door. It seemed like the structure was completely part of the forest. 
Damon went to the back of the car to get the bag with their things, and then he opened the door for Talia and offered her his hand. 
"Welcome to the first three days of our forever as mates.", Damon said with a smile that reflected in his eyes, and Talia's heart skip a beat. 
Forever as mates. She liked that. She liked it a lot. 
Damon was quick to give Talia a tour, eager to be done with formalities and move onto the important parts. 
The kitchen extended into the dining area that had a small square table with four chairs. 
The sitting area had a three-seater sofa and a rocking chair. Talia could imagine snuggling with Damon on the fur-rug with a cup of hot cocoa in front of the fireplace where a fire will dance later that evening. 
One small room on the left doubled as pantry and miscellaneous storage, and the door next to it was for the bathroom. 
The back half of the cabin was a bedroom with a king-size bed and the armoire that had a few dark gray t-shirts and sweatpants, to add to the clothes they brought with them. 
Everything was clean and smelled fresh. 
Talia approached the window and smiled when she realized that the small flashes of light were reflections of the sunset in the lake that could be seen between thick trunks of trees. Damon said that there is a lake close to the cabin, but this was closer than she thought it will be. Will they go swimming? Maybe tomorrow. 
"What do you think?", Damon asked. "Is this fine?" 
"This is perfect.", Talia said honestly. 
Damon released a nervous breath. "I'm glad you like it." 
He was torn between something grand and romantic (based on the information he found on the internet), and this solitude that is more werewolf-style. 
Damon knew that Talia grew without the influence of her werewolf heritage, and what she saw in the Red Moon pack was just wrong. He grew up hearing stories about battles for territory, people living in caves and gathering under the Full Moon to worship the Moon Goddess, Alphas taking care of their people, and that forever-bond with a fated mate that was the most sacred of them all. 
Damon didn't care about the bond before, he didn't want it. But as Talia entered his life, he realized that he can't escape it, and the more he found out about the delicate girl he took away from the attic, the less he wanted to resist the pull. He was absolutely under her spell. 
After all they've been through, Damon was determined to show her how things should be. 
Talia looked at Damon who was staring at her intently, yet he also seemed to be a bit distracted. 
"Damon?", she called. 
He blinked and then his lips lifted into a smile that stirred butterflies in her stomach. 
She leaned into his warmth as he cupped her cheeks with his palms and the softness of his lips against hers made her crave for more. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"I will be back in a bit…", he murmured before giving her another light kiss. 
Talia wondered if she heard him right. "What?" 
"I need to do something." 
Talia's eyes widened as she processed his previous statement. He was leaving her! And if he was just going to the kitchen, he wouldn't announce it. "Where are you going?" 
"Out. I will be back before you know it.", he assured her and he gave her another kiss because he could feel her uneasiness swelling. "Trust me." 
Did she trust him? Yes! 
Did she like him leaving? Absolutely not! 
But she didn't want to whine, not now when they were away from troubles. 
"Uhm… fine? I guess I will unpack.", Talia said, unsure where this was going. "When can I expect you back?" 
Damon smiled a little, enjoying her need for him that he could clearly feel through their mate bond. "How about you freshen up? By the time you shower, I will be back." 
"I can take a quick shower. Under five minutes.", she warned him. The thought of him leaving her there made the cozy cabin not so cozy anymore. "Will you be back so quickly?" 
Damon chuckled. "Come here." 
He took her hand in his and led the way into the bathroom. 
When Damon gave her a tour, the bathroom door was cracked open and she didn't care much about what was inside, but now she noticed that there was no bathtub, only a shower, a toilet, and a sink. The sink had on it two toothbrushes, still in their original packaging, and a toothpaste. A basket on the ground held neatly rolled towels that smelled fresh. 
She moved to peer into the shower area that was half-blocked by the shower curtain and observed that the boards below the shower had gaps and she could see pebbles that were a few inches below it. The thing drained into the ground. 
The shelf on the wall had a shampoo and a soap, so Talia had everything she needed to freshen up, but soon she realized one problem. There were no knobs, buttons, or anything on the wall she could press or twist to start the shower. 
"How does the shower work?", Talia asked while standing under the showerhead which looked like a straight wide pipe that ended abruptly with a closure that had tiny holes in it. 
Damon pointed at the simple chains that hung from the ceiling. "There is a water reservoir on the roof that's collecting rainwater. The reservoir is full and considering the weather we had recently, the water will be warm. The right chain will start the water, and the left one will stop it." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 441 In the Cabin (2)
Chapter 441 In the Cabin (2)
Talia observed the strange mechanism of the shower and noticed that there was one more chain. "What about the one in the back?" 
"That one will drain the reservoir. We will drain it before we leave so that it stays dry until the next rain." 
Damon hugged Talia from behind. "Shower and wear something comfortable. I will be back in no time and then we will work on the dinner." 
Talia wanted him to stay, or at least to take her with him, but his choice of words made it obvious that he wanted her to wait for him. Well, the day was long, and the humidity made her sweat. She would need to shower anyway. 
"Be back soon.", she said softly. "Go, before I change my mind." 
Damon chuckled and kissed the back of her head. 
Talia closed her eyes when his arms loosened around her and she released a slow breath, missing him from the moment his warmth started disappearing. 
Maya told her that after marking their connection will intensify, and the absence will hit them harder. Talia didn't want to think about anything harder than what she was experiencing right now. 
… 
Talia entered the bathroom with a towel around herself while clutching her change of clothes. 
Damon's absence was unsettling, and she decided to shower quickly. He said that he will be back by the time she was done, so if he breaks his word, she will give him a hard time. But she really hoped that he will be back sooner, and maybe join her in the shower. 
Talia observed the showerhead that was actually a wide pipe coming straight from the ceiling, and Talia guessed that the other side was attached to the water reservoir on the roof. 
After keeping her things on the side, Talia stood under the showerhead, tugged on one chain, and… nothing. She tried the other one, gradually increasing the pull, and after a small screech that sounded like a groan, the water started dripping. It was warm. She gave the chain a stronger tug and the water flowed. 
"Ahh…", a long sigh escaped Talia's lips when warm water hit her head and glided down her body, soaking in the tension she built up during the last few days, and washing it away until it disappeared in the pebbles that could be seen through the planks on the floor. 
Talia reminded herself that there was a limited water supply, so she tugged the chain to stop the water in order to soap herself. After a strained creak, the water stopped, and Talia reached for the shampoo. 
She was distracted. 
What was Damon up to? Why did he leave like there was an important mission? 
She was nervous. 
Talia told him that he can mark her, and she knew that's why they came here, and that was already nerve-wracking, but then he left. She needed his proximity and assurance that things will be alright. 
What if her wolf comes out and s or… worse? 
And how could Gideon say that her wolf was fine? How can it be fine if she is not responding when Talia calls for her? Or is her wolf ignoring her on purpose? Aren't wolves and humans supposed to work together? 
"Crap!", Talia cursed under her breath when shampoo entered her eyes, fierce sting blinded her. 
Now what!? 
Talia frantically waved to reached for the chains. She tugged one, nothing happened. She reached for the other one and nothing. 
How can both of those be nothing? She pulled with a lot of force this time. 
Is the system broken? 
She grabbed the other chain and put her weight behind it. The pipe above her head creaked and then… 
'SPLAAAAAAASH!' 
Talia lost footing under the force of water that hit her suddenly, and she fell on her butt, blinking rapidly as the water slammed into the floor planks and splattered everywhere. 
Talia pushed her hair back to see that the pipe above her head was completely open, water pouring out, and she had no idea how to stop it. After a moment of hesitation, Talia she quickly stuck her head under the stream to wash away the remaining shampoo because she had a feeling that water will run out within seconds. 
The water stopped and Talia dejectedly looked up, wondering if she broke it. But then she understood that she probably pulled the third chain, the one that drained the reservoir. 
Will Damon be mad at her? 
Well, at least the lake was close. They can go swimming and laugh about this shower incident. Maybe. 
She heard about rain-summoning rituals. Should she try to perform it? If it rains heavily, Damon won't notice that she used the whole reservoir for one shower. Will he believe it was an accident? 
Talia exhaled helplessly. What was done was done. 
She walked out of the shower to grab a towel and she looked in the mirror dejectedly. 
This three days-long vacation didn't start well. Actually, the last few days were kind of horrible, and it felt like a dam was about to break, yet they were patching it up with bandages. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia exited the bathroom while rubbing her hair with a towel and she froze when she heard noise from the kitchen. 
Slowly, very slowly, she turned toward the source of the noise and released the breath she was holding when she realized it was Damon. 
Relief replaced her anxiety with every inhale that brought her his addictive scent. 
He was rummaging through the kitchen and Talia paused at the sight of his muscular back as he stretched his arm to reach something from the top shelf. Damon was wearing only a pair of black shorts and his form was mesmerizing. 
"Done with shower?", he asked before turning to meet her gaze. "I told you I won't take long." 
Talia was about to respond, but she ended up frowning when she saw that his cheek was red. 
She swiftly moved toward him and reached for his face. "You are hurt." 
Damon shook his head. "I'm fine." 
"That's blood." 
"Not mine." 
Talia followed his eyes that moved to the side and her brows furrowed at the sight of two dead rabbits that were in a metallic bowl on the kitchen counter. 
She blinked while wondering if he bit them to death. Or did he shift in his wolf form? That would explain where his pants and shirt went. 
Damon picked up a few spices and a knife, put them in the bowl next to the rabbits, and tilted his head toward the main door. 
"Come with me." 
Talia had no idea what to expect, but she followed him gingerly. 
She paused at the sight of the campfire that was burning not far from the cabin. It was in a small clearing that was obviously made for such activities because there was no grass growing there, and three logs that formed a triangle were perfect for sitting around the campfire. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 442 Offerings to a mate (1)
Chapter 442 Offerings to a mate (1)
Talia sat on a log and observed Damon squatting a few steps away from the campfire as he expertly removed the fur and intestines from two critters. 
There was something hypnotic in the way he focused on his task as he wielded the knife, always finding the right place to slide the blade. 
His features were enhanced by the light of the campfire that danced over the exquisite landscape of his body, accentuating it with lights and shadows. With part of his body completely veiled in darkness, Damon looked mysterious, dangerous, definitely irresistible. 
Talia had no idea how long it lasted, but she wished that it was longer because she wanted to be lost in the sight of Damon forever. 
Once the two critters were cleaned, Damon sprinkled some spices on the meat and then speared them with long finger-thick sticks he prepared earlier. 
When he stuck the end of sticks in the ground angled so that the rabbits end up over the campfire, Talia had to ask, "What are you doing?" 
"Making dinner.", he responded like she asked something that was obvious. 
And it was obvious, but she had a point. 
"Why are you going through this trouble? I mean… Don't we have a full fridge and plenty of food in the pantry?" 
Damon wiped his hands on his shorts and stalked toward Talia. 
He squatted by her side and looked at her intently while resting his palms on her knees. 
"Kitten…", he paused and licked his lips before continuing, "We met in unusual circumstances, and it all started wrongly. I found my mate, and instead of making it glorious, I screwed up. For the first time since taking my position as the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, I was confused, I feared that I will fail, and I lost my way." 
Talia glanced at two critters that were roasting over the fire. "How is that related to you catching dinner when we have plenty of food ready?" 
"Not catching. Hunting.", he corrected her with all the seriousness in the world. "If I had more time, I would go for something bigger, but you told me to come back soon, so I went with this." He exhaled sharply and shook his head. Why was he getting distracted like this? 
The truth was that Damon was a bundle of nerves, unsure if Talia will approve of what he was doing. Will she understand that this was his way of showing sincerity? He messed up so many times that he didn't trust himself anymore. He was blindsided and hesitated, and that created openings for lies and schemes, and it put her in danger, and he was determined that it won't happen again. 
Talia reached to touch Damon's face, but he grabbed her wrists to kiss the inside of each palm before pulling her hands down. 
"Please, give me a moment.", he said. "You've seen me as an Alpha. You saw the packhouse, the pack, and you have an idea about the resources I have available. And this…" He pointed with his chin toward the rabbits. "Those are my offerings to you from me, as your mate. I want you to know that I will take care of you, Talia. I might lose my position, my pack, and everything I have, but I will never give up on you. As long as there is breath in me, I will seek you and take care of you. I will hunt for you and provide you with shelter and safety. You won't go hungry or cold…" His voice trailed when he saw that her face fell. Why was she sad? "Did I say something wrong?" 
"No…", she said in a shaky voice, realizing that he was doing this in order to reassure her before he marks her. She was not sad, but she was emotional. 
"You said everything right, Damon. It's romantic." And it was. 
It was her dream to be with Damon, just the two of them; a simple life, away from dangers and responsibilities that kept them apart, and even though it will be only for a few days, it was happening, and she couldn't be happier. 
"I feel blessed to have you as my mate. It means a lot that you are showing your sincerity in taking care of me." Especially the food part because no matter how much she ate, Talia always had a lingering fear that she will go hungry again. And she wanted to take care of him in return. 
Damon was about to say something, but then Talia kissed him, and he was quick to move closer, wrap his arms around her, and deepen the kiss. 
He had more to say, but that can wait for after the food was ready. 
Actually, Damon was never a guy who spoke much. He let his actions speak for him, and he wanted to show Talia that she was his number one priority, and he would do anything to make her happy. No more hiding, no more schemes, and lies. They will finish this business with Marcy and Alpha Edward per James' plan, and after that, the two of them will stand proudly and face together whatever was coming. 
He was determined to return with Talia by his side as his Luna, and if people disapprove then… to hell with them. The only disapproval that would hit him hard would be from the members of the Dark Howlers pack. Damon was born to lead them, and his whole life was focused on the pack, but if those same pack members won't accept his fated mate as their Luna, they can leave. He won't stop them, but he won't allow anyone to stir trouble for Talia either. 
Damon wanted to kiss her forever and to do much more than kissing, but rabbits were above open fire, and he needed to ensure that his offerings to Talia don't turn into charcoal. 
As werewolves, they could eat them raw, but he wanted to do this properly in steps: catch food, prepare food, eat food, eat mate, and mark mate. Yup, it sounded about right. 
Damon went back to rabbits and was checking the progress while rotating them so that the other side gets kissed by the flames, when Talia asked, "When will I meet your wolf?" 
For a brief moment, his movements paused, and he was confused that his wolf didn't stir at this. Wasn't his wolf super-excited about meeting mate? 
Damon shook the uneasiness away, and responded, "After food." 
He didn't want to risk giving control to his wolf who might snap under the intensity of his instincts and pounce either on their dinner or on Talia. Probably on both. 
Talia didn't think much of it. 
On every few minutes, Damon would give his attention to their dinner so that it roasts evenly, and in-between those he would get close to Talia and shower her with kisses that were soft and playful. He didn't want to heat up the situation, not yet. 
At some point, after carefully inspecting their dinner, Damon announced, "Dinner is ready, kitten." 
She licked her lips because the roasted rabbits looked good, and they smelled even better. 
She was eyeing the meat and she wondered why he delayed in bringing it to her. 
Talia's eyes went wide when Damon removed his shorts, leaving his impressive body completely bare. Damon looked super-sexy with that dancing campfire between them, and Talia was suddenly hungry for more than just meat. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 443 Offerings to a mate (2)
Chapter 443 Offerings to a mate (2)
Talia was not sure what to think about this sudden treat for her eyes. 
Damon's naked form made her throat go dry. She saw every part of him more than once, but this was in the open, just the two of them, privacy. 
Weren't they going to have food now? But… why did he remove his shorts? Their dinner will go cold and it won't be so good. 
Talia peeled her eyes from his mid-section where his precious parts were hanging, and her gaze traveled over his firm abs and pecs... she saw his Adam's apple bobbing when he swallowed, and instead of his cocky expression, she met his eyes that looked at her with depth that made her realize this was important. 
Damon took two sticks with roasted meat on them and approached her slowly, circling the campfire, and dropping on his knees when he was one step away from her. 
"Talia", he called in a solemn tone. "Will you accept my offering?" 
Her heart thundered in her ears. "Why are you so official?" 
"I want to know if you will accept me as your mate.", Damon responded. When he saw her frowning in confusion, he explained, "You see, the Moon Goddess decides who will be fated to each other, but we have an option to reject it." 
Talia nodded at his words. Rejection comes at a cost, but it's still possible. She saw that happening between Marcy and George. 
Damon licked his lips before saying, "I am offering you this food as a gesture that I will provide for you. And I am offering you myself because I am completely yours, and yours only. My mission in life will be to provide for you and make you happy. If you accept me, we will face challenges together and I will be your weapon and your shield. No other woman will ever have my heart or my body. Nothing and no one will be more important than you are. Tell me, Talia… Do you accept me as your mate willingly?" 
Talia sucked in a breath when she realized that this was more than just a romantic gesture. He was kneeling in front of her, baring himself completely, and giving her a choice to step back. He spoke of challenges because being his mate won't be easy, and he said that he will always put her first. Wasn't he the sweetest man alive? 
Talia didn't want him to be the only one who will show his sincerity. 
Talia stood up and took a moment to shake off her nerves which made her insides tremble. 
Damon's anxiety was building up. Why was she not answering? Was she remembering all the trouble he caused and fears it will happen again? Is that why she stood up and stepped away? Was she about to reject him? 
Damon held his breath while waiting for Talia to say something, or at least to smile a little, but he could feel that she was nervous and that only made him more nervous in return. 
And then he watched her as she started removing her clothes and he was not sure if the whole world slowed down, or just his brain. 
Talia kicked her shorts on the side and felt the breeze caress her most intimate parts. She was never this exposed, but it was exactly what she wanted. She wanted to be vulnerable and exposed in front of him. 
She got down on her knees to face him on the same level. 
"Damon…", she called softly but with determination. "I don't have much to offer, except for my support. I am overjoyed that you want to be my mate and that you are giving me a choice… a choice I don't need because even before you claimed my body as yours, you had my mind and my heart. It's yours. All yours. I am yours, and I accept you. Willingly." 
Talia could feel his emotions swelling together with his arousal, an obvious approval of her words. She thought that he will reach out to her, and they will go at it right there on the dirt next to the bonfire, all thoughts about eating roasted rabbits were now forgotten. But Damon just smiled with a genuine smile that reached his eyes and then he extended his left hand toward her. 
"Let's eat." 
Talia gingerly took the stick with the roasted rabbit that he offered, and she scooted to sit on the log. 
The rough surface of the tree was not noticeable over her shorts, but with her bare skin on it, she could feel the grooves and it took her some time to get used to it. 
Damon sat next to Talia, close enough for their thighs to touch. He needed that contact as assurance that she was there, and this was happening. 
He watched her as she eyed the meat in front of her, silently deciding from where to start eating. 
Damon enjoyed the fact that both of them were completely naked and other than slight anxiousness, he didn't pick up anything negative from Talia. 
Since he was a teen who could shift into his wolf form, and even before that, Damon spent time nude among other werewolves and it was not a big deal, it was normal for werewolves to move about naked. However, he knew that Talia grew up differently and she was now like this only because she trusted him. In a way, he liked it because her naked perfection was only for his eyes. 
"Talia…", he called, and she turned to see him holding a piece of meat that he broke with his hand, silently urging her with his eyes to take it. 
She let out a guilty breath. He was giving her his first bite, conveying that he will put her first, yet she almost sank her teeth into the meat she was holding. 
Talia opened her mouth and he put the meat in there. 
His breath hitched when her tongue grazed his finger, reminding him of all the ways that tongue can play with his body and mind. Seductress! 
"Mmm…", Talia hummed in pleasure with her eyes closed as the tender flesh stimulated her taste buds. 
"Do you like it?" 
"It's delicious.", she said with glee, her lips glistening from the juices that the meat released. "It's soft and sweet and…" Talia paused and gave him a big smile. "Thank you, Damon." 
His smile reflected in his eyes. "You are welcome." 
Feeling that she should do the same, Talia took a bite-sized chunk of meat and offered it to Damon. 
"Please…", she said when his brows came together in disapproval. "We share everything, food included." 
Damon's expression relaxed and he opened his mouth. 
His lips closed around her fingers that held meat for him to take. Of course, he remembered the tease Talia gave him. Damon's tongue twirled around her index finger, and he sucked on it slightly, enjoying hearing her heart rate picking up. 
He loved how her body responded to him. He loved everything about Talia. He loved Talia. 
Damon and Talia fed each other in silence, every bite silently conveying their thoughts and emotions about their future together. 
Their hearts thrummed in the same beat, and this ritual seemed like the most intimate thing they did so far. 
Both of them could feel the air around them changing, something between them strengthening, becoming more solid, almost tangible. It was surreal. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 444 Meet the wolf (1)
Chapter 444 Meet the wolf (1)
Talia didn't notice at what point she and Damon finished the delicious meal he prepared for them, but she knew that small bones were scattered on the ground, and they were sitting completely naked on a log, facing each other, with a dimming campfire warming their sides as they exchanged light kisses that Damon controlled from turning hungry. 
"Mmm… I could do this for the rest of my life.", he said in a husky voice between kisses. 
Talia loved the idea of kissing him forever, but she wanted to feel him everywhere and not only on her lips. 
Damon cupped her cheeks, and his fingertips ran over her arms creating delicious goosebumps as the sparks of their bond flared, but he didn't pull her closer, and when she tried inching to close the gaps between them, he asked her to be patient. 
She glanced down at his erection and cocked an eyebrow at him. "Don't you want to do more than this?" 
"Oh, I do.", he said earnestly. "I want to worship every inch of your body, kitten. But first, I want to freshen up. After chasing rabbits through bushes, I need a shower. Do you want to join me?" 
Talia's smile matched his. Did she want to join him in the shower? Absolutely! 
She showered already, but she could go again, with Damon. 
Her smile fell when she remembered… "I forgot to tell you something. When I took a shower, soap got in my eyes, and it was stinging, and… I ended up pulling the wrong chain." Seeing that he was just looking at her blankly, Talia cleared her throat while embarrassment swelled within her. "I'm sorry, Damon. I think I accidentally drained the reservoir." 
Damon's expression changed a few times and he wanted to ask her how could she accidentally pull a chain that was so much further than the others, but he didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable because the lack of water in the cabin was no more than a slight inconvenience. The only thing that rubbed him the wrong way was that he was not there to see the scene of Talia soaped up and yanking the wrong chain. 
"It's OK. The lake is right here." 
"You are not angry?", Talia asked apprehensively. 
"Angry?" His lips lifted into a wicked smile. "Would you like me to punish you?" 
"No, but maybe to get me to fix it somehow." 
A mental image of Talia bringing water from the lake in a bucket popped in his mind, but that would take forever. Surely, she was not thinking about it, right? He had to ask... "And how would you fix it?" 
"I heard about rain summoning dance.", Talia responded seriously. 
"Hmm…", Damon hummed while making a thoughtful expression. "I would love to dance with you in the rain, and before the rain, and after it. I want to do many things with you, kitten, and right now I want you to stop thinking about the reservoir because it's not important. I will go for a swim in the lake. Will you join me?" 
Talia smiled dreamily while imagining them slowly dancing in the rain. "I will follow you everywhere…" 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
After a hot summer day, the water in the lake was pleasantly warm. 
Talia tried to cling to Damon, but he was careful that they don't get too close, keeping their contact points on hands and lips, because his control was close to snapping, and he didn't want to take her in the lake. Not now when she gave him permission to mark her, and not now when she accepted him as her mate… it needed to be perfect, something that will make her heart rate speed up whenever she remembers it, something that will make her blush and smile fifty years in the future. 
After a short swim in the lake, Damon and Talia laid on the grass and stared at the dark sky that was speckled with numerous stars and framed by the rich tree canopies that appeared black. 
They held hands with their fingers interlaced and didn't speak. Both of them were brimming with anticipation of what was coming. 
Damon was remembering his every interaction with Talia, acknowledging that he was stupid at the beginning, but he was learning and improving, and... here they were... completely naked under the night sky with the forest surrounding them, holding hands, and enjoying each other's presence. It was peaceful and it was perfect. 
Talia's chest was full of warm and fuzzy feelings, and there was also slight anxiety while wondering if anything will go wrong to prevent this marking from happening. She didn't want to jinx it and invite trouble, but nothing with Damon was easy, even though they made it eventually. 
Talia turned to look at him, only to meet his deep blue eyes directed at her. 
The darkness didn't prevent her from seeing every curve of his chiseled face and the way her stomach flipped at his smile left her in awe. Was it truly possible that she had something special with such an exquisite specimen? Damon was beyond handsome with hard muscles all over his tall body, and his face was absolutely beautiful. And Damon was much more than just an enchanting visual. He was strong and fast and smart and caring, and he looked at her like she was the only woman in the world. And he smelled of the forest and the dark chocolate. Talia's favorites. 
"Damon?", she called breathily. 
"Yes, kitten?" His voice was a rumble that started from his chest. 
"Your wolf… when can I meet him?" That was the last thing on her list before he can mark her. 
"I guess there is no better time than now." 
He pushed himself into a seated position and turned to face her. 
Talia sat as well, and he said, "Remember that my wolf is eager to meet you and mark you, but he won't harm you. And he won't do anything without your consent." Hopefully. 
"Do you think he will do something... unexpected?" 
Damon shrugged. "I really don't know what he will do. My wolf mostly just talks to me in my head. He comes in front when I'm in my wolf form, but he prefers to stay in the back of my mind. You are the first woman he wants to interact with." 
Talia's eyes lit up. "Really? I mean... He didn't want to talk to anyone else?" 
Damon reached to push a lock of hair behind Talia's ear. "There is no other, kitten. Just you. For me and for him." 
"OK.", she said and bit her lower lip nervously. "I am ready." 
"Don't be tense. I will still be here, but he will do the talking." 
Talia relaxed at Damon's words, remembering that when her wolf took over to scold Damon, Talia was there listening. 
She didn't know what to expect, but Damon's wolf was part of him, and he can talk, and she thought of him as Damon's roommate that can't be evicted. It wouldn't be proper if they seal the mate bond that will last a lifetime without her talking with the guy. 
Damon's face changed as he called to his wolf, and it didn't take more than a few seconds for Talia to realize that something was wrong. 
"Damon?", she called carefully. 
"Uhm… he is not responding." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 445 Meet the wolf (2)
Chapter 445 Meet the wolf (2)
Talia was not sure what to think about Damon's wolf not coming out. 
She wanted to ask Damon if he was joking, but she kept that to herself because this was not the time for jokes and Damon wouldn't do that. "Is he hurt?" 
Damon shook his head. "He was fine when we were hunting dinner. I did that in my wolf form." 
Well, if he was not hurt, then… "Did he change his mind about meeting me?" 
Damon rejected that possibility immediately. "That shouldn't be the case. He was excited to meet you and now… nothing." 
"Does this happen often?" 
"It happens after I get hurt and he heals me, or if he wants to be left alone.", Damon said helplessly. "But I am not hurt and…" Damon was getting worried. Will this impact the mating? 
Talia put her hand on Damon's and gave him a squeeze. "It's OK. Just relax." She could feel that he was tense. Was it a bad idea to ask to meet his wolf? 
But then… Damon said that his wolf was eager to meet with her, and she believed him. 
It was obvious that Damon was troubled by this, and Talia wanted to help him somehow. 
Talia scrambled her brain for a solution. If Damon's wolf choose not to meet with her, it would be fine, but it seemed that was not the case. 
Why would his wolf not respond? 
Talia remembered what Gideon said, how wolves can be unreachable when they choose, when they deplete their energy and need to rest, and… he also mentioned that the strong ones can impact the weaker ones. 
Damon told her that he can use his Alpha aura to make others submit and tell the truth without touching them, but she didn't think much about it, until now. 
Talia's mind was working a million thoughts a second as fragments of conversations with Gideon and Damon and many others came together, and questions started sprouting. 
What if…? 
Was it possible…? 
Talia could see only one explanation. 
"I know you are listening.", Talia said, and Damon looked at her in confusion. 
He whipped his head around, searching for an intruder, but his senses didn't pick up anything in the wide area other than forest critters. 
Damon opened his mouth to ask what was going on, but she continued talking. 
"Come on, I know you are there. Why are you not responding? Are you suppressing Damon's wolf? Why would you do that? Are you afraid that he will tell me something you don't want me to know?" 
Talia gasped when intense fury bubbled in the pit of her stomach. 
'WHO IS AFRAID!?', a voice boomed in her head. 
Part of Talia was delighted to hear her wolf, and part of her was scared because she hit a nerve by provoking her (not on purpose). Talia was also confused, why would her wolf conceal her presence? 
"It is you, isn't it?", Talia asked. 
'You don't need to use words. I can hear your thoughts.', her wolf snorted. 
"Kitten?", Damon called anxiously. He guessed that it was her wolf, and he was not sure if that was a good thing or a catastrophe emerging. Did her wolf come up with another crazy condition before he can mark Talia? Actually, even the first one (chasing away Marcy without revealing that Talia was his mate) was not completed successfully. Damn it! 
He held Talia's hand and gave her a squeeze, but he didn't want to interrupt whatever conversation was going on in Talia's head, knowing that his kitten was getting answers and that she will fight for them no matter what her grumpy wolf comes up with. 
Talia was not sure what to ask first. 
'Since when are you sitting there and watching? Why would you hide your presence from me?' 
Talia spent many lonely days in the Red Moon pack yearning to hear her wolf again. Since Talia got hope that her wolf might come back, she was eager for that to happen, eating, training, carefully listening, and she never imagined that her wolf would come back and pretend that it was not there. Was her wolf gone at all? How much did she see? 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The more Talia thought about this, the more she felt betrayed, spied on, and uneasiness swelled within her. 
'Don't' go there', her wolf grumbled. 'Whenever you were getting close to that lecherous boy, I stopped watching. I'm not a pervert.' 
'But you are awake for a while. Right?' 
'It was on and off.', her wolf admitted. 
'You saved us when the rogues attacked.' 
Her wolf snorted. 'If not for me, both you and that boy wouldn't be breathing.' 
Talia's mood improved. 'You healed Damon in the hospital.' If her wolf healed Damon, that means she didn't really dislike him. 
'Oh, I didn't. That was you.' 
A gentle squeeze on Talia's hand reminded her that Damon was right there, and she decided to focus on the pressing topic. 
'Why are you suppressing his wolf?' 
'What makes you think…?' 
'Stop pretending.', Talia interrupted another question that wouldn't give her an answer. 'No games. Just tell me.' 
'Why would I tell you anything? So that you can find a way around it? Does he deserve to have his wolf?' 
Talia cursed silently. Why were her thoughts exposed while her wolf kept everything to herself? 
'You need to learn to conceal your thoughts, Talia.', her wolf said patronizingly. 'If I'm not shutting down your mind-link forcibly, many people would get unobstructed access to your thoughts, and you wouldn't want that, right?' 
Talia was shocked. She had a mind-link? Damon said that when her wolf awakens he can help her identify her mind-link if she had one, but now it seemed that her wolf prevented many things from happening. 
And why would her wolf meddle with Damon's wolf? Unless… 
'This is not about Damon. This is about his wolf.' When her wolf didn't answer, Talia continued pressing, 'Why don't you tell me what's the problem? I'm sure we can clarify it and you will see that it's a misunderstanding.' 
Talia's wolf snorted. 'Misunderstanding?' 
'Yes. Damon's wolf is supportive, and he saved me many times. You know he can talk, right? He wants to meet me. Why are you preventing that from happening? Don't you want to talk to him?' 
'There is nothing to be said between us.' 
A wave of emotions washed over Talia. Grief. Yearning. Anger. 
Talia's mouth fell slack open. 'You know him!' And not just know him but know-know him. 'How do you know him?' 
'It's none of your business!' 
'But it is my business.', Talia argued back. 'You are my wolf. We share a body. Damon is my mate. If you have a problem with his wolf, I need to know about it. Or are you going to prevent me from completing mating with Damon because you have a grudge with his wolf?' 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 446 Liseli and Sapa [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 446 Liseli and Sapa [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, Peaches1, for the Magic Castle gifted on March 23, 2022! 
Your generous gift prompted me to release this bonus chapter! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
'Stay out of this, Talia…', her wolf growled. 'This doesn't concern you.' 
Talia couldn't believe this. 'How can you say that this doesn't concern me?' 
Talia came here with Damon so they can relax, enjoy time together, and seal their bond with marking, yet her wolf came in the middle, suppressed Damon's wolf, and is threatening not only to kill the lovey-dovey mood but also to stand in the way of Damon marking her. 
Talia had a feeling that something might go wrong. She feared that Damon might see Talia as unworthy and change his mind, or rogues might attack them, or another delusional Damon's ex pops out of a bush and jumps on Talia to scratch her face, a swarm of locusts or a forest fire, anything was possible! But Talia never imagined that this evening will be ruined by her own wolf. Shouldn't wolves support the mate bond? 
'What did I do to deserve this?', Talia asked dejectedly. 'I don't care when you woke up and I don't care why you didn't help me when I needed you, but… didn't I suffer enough? You are my wolf so you should know that Damon is my mate. I love him with all my heart, and he loves me back. Maybe he didn't complete your stupid condition to chase away Marcy without announcing that I'm his mate, but I don't care because he proved that he was willing to learn and make me happy, and I believe him. Why are you doing this?' 
'You don't understand…' 
'THEN HELP ME UNDERSTAND!', Talia shouted in her head. 
Talia didn't want to yell at her wolf, but she felt betrayed on so many levels. Everyone either bullied her or ignored her, and then there was Damon, a handsome Alpha who looked at her like she was the only woman in the world. Sure, Damon made mistakes, but Talia took a few wrong turns also and Damon always came after her and soothed her into staying with him until she recognized who he was, her other half. 
Over the years, Talia really wished for her wolf to come back. She was weak and insecure among werewolves, believing that her wolf was the part she needed so that she can be complete, yet now Talia suspected that her wolf was one of the people who left her to fend for herself, and it's not that her wolf was not helping, but it was standing in the way of Talia being with the only man who treated her as important. 
Talia was sick of fighting against people who believed she was not worthy, and women who wanted to put their hands on Damon, and now even her wolf was an obstacle. 
After a painfully long pause, Talia's wolf spoke in her head. 'Can I come in front? I can talk to Sapa, and you… listen.' 
Talia was not sure why her wolf asked her that. And who the heck was Sapa? Was that how her wolf addressed Damon or was that the name of Damon's wolf? But most importantly… 'Do you need my permission to come in front?' 
'Not really, but…' 
'It takes a lot of energy to fight me. Doesn't it?', Talia asked as she remembered when she was trying to yank her wolf back the last time. And Damon told her that he tires easily when he takes control in wolf form and that the same is for his wolf when in human form. 
'We are spirits, and the most taxing is when we fight against our hosts who are strong.' 
Talia snorted. 'Me? Strong?' 
'Your spirit is strong, Talia, one of the strongest. There is a reason why you survived all those years in the Red Moon pack. Now, do you want to know what this is about or not?' 
'Yes, but... If you reject him, I will never forgive you.' 
'I won't reject your mate, Talia.', her wolf said, and Talia had a feeling there was a second part that her wolf kept to herself. 'I wouldn't be here if you didn't insist.' 
'But you suppressed Damon's wolf.' 
'And if you let me in front, you will find out why. I know you have many questions, and there will be plenty of time for us to talk, but for now, can you just listen?' 
Damon looked at Talia and anxiety swelled inside him when Talia's eyes started glowing silvery and her expression turned solemn. 
Damon wanted to greet Talia's wolf, but he felt his own wolf stirring and fighting to come in front. 
'Let me talk to her!' 
Damon had no idea what his wolf wanted, but considering his previous interaction with Talia's wolf, Damon was happy to let his wolf handle this but, 'Don't mess up this for me, old guy. Talia is important.' 
His wolf snorted before he took over control of Damon's body. 
"Liseli, is that you? Does this mean that Selena saw my sincerity, and we can…" 
Talia's wolf jerked her hands out of Damon's grasp. 
"You remember me?" 
"How could I forget? You are the only one on my mind since… we parted." 
"Lies!", Talia's wolf hissed. 
"Why would you say that?" 
"You didn't know it was me, yet you wanted to mate this girl." 
Damon's head shook. "No. I had a feeling it was you, but I wouldn't mate her. Not without confirming…" 
"LIES!" 
"Liseli…", he called with a voice full of grief. "You have no idea what I went through…" 
"Why don't you enlighten me?" 
"I lived a thousand of lives in the hope to find you. Selena took you away, but she left me here, and just when I thought that my death will save me from loneliness, I realized that I was unable to die, but without a body, my soul ended up attracted to the strong ones. I ended up transmigrating every time my host would perish. Some lasted a few months, and some a few decades, but no matter who my host was, I didn't mate any other." 
"Then, what's this?" 
"I can't leave them mateless, Liseli. I help them find their mate, and then I step back. None of my hosts mated in their wolf form, and I'm sure Selena will confirm that if you ask her. Don't you see? This was my punishment… to see others mated and happy. Every time my host found his mate, a part of me died because I didn't know if I will ever see you again. I was lonely but I persevered. That's probably why she let you come here, in that body, as Damon's mate. Can I show you?" 
Talia could sense that her wolf's attitude softened, and she gave a stiff nod. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 447 Images from the past (1)
Chapter 447 Images from the past (1)
Talia observed Damon, and she could see him clearly, but the whole view appeared like she was sitting in the back seat of a car and looking in front. 
She could see things, smell Damon's addictive scent, hear the noise that was made by the critters in the bushes around them, and feel the light breeze caressing her skin. It was a strange feeling of knowing she was right there and that was her body, yet she didn't have control over it. The last time her wolf took over, it happened too quickly for her to process it, but now Talia realized she was the spectator and the whole experience left her unsettled. 
'You get used to it', Talia's wolf spoke. 
Talia was not sure she wanted to get used to this. 
Damon's hands reached for Talia's and both of their wolves jolted at the contact that was charged with the sparks of their bond. 
Talia's wolf was overwhelmed at the sensation of touching her mate after many centuries. But this touch was different than before, after all, when they saw each other last time, they were wolves, and these human forms were… different. 
'My senses are dulled...', Talia's wolf said and Talia felt the opposite like everything got an upgrade. 
"Relax, Liseli. Open your mind and let me show you.", Damon's wolf said. 
Talia gasped when unknown images started flashing in front of her eyes, and she remembered Maya's explanation on how mates communicate, as their minds and souls were connected. At that time, Talia didn't get it, but now she understood. 
Numerous faces, smiles, tears, hugs, and goodbyes.... wars and challenges from times that were far in the past. There were flashes of familiarity, but never belonging. 
Those were mental images from Damon's wolf, memories of thousand lives he lived without his mate. But it was more than just images. It included scents and emotions, and Talia was overwhelmed by immense loneliness and despair that threatened to break her heart into pieces. And her wolf felt that also. 
Damon observed all this from the back seat of his mind, and to say that he was shocked was an understatement. Before Damon's parents died, his wolf was a spirit that communicated through instincts, urges, and shared emotions. When the ancient creature spoke into his mind for the first time, Damon thought of him as an upgrade, and now he understood that he was wrong. His wolf told him that he used to be Alpha Jacob's wolf, and many others before that, but Damon never suspected that it would go this deep. 
Damon was wrapping his head around the information the two wolves spoke about. Selena, the Moon Goddess? Selena took away Talia's wolf and left his wolf to roam the earth and move from one body to another while hoping to find his lover? They were punished? Did they break some ancient tradition? 
'No, not tradition.', Damon's wolf spoke. And then the mental images changed, showing a lush meadow in the forest, and Damon's breath caught in his throat at the sight of a beautiful light gray wolf that shimmered in silver under the moonlight. 
'This was the first time I saw Liseli. I knew right away that she was my mate. My only one. Beautiful, isn't she?' 
'Yes.', Damon responded, feeling slightly drunk under the influence of his wolf's emotions. He really loved her. Damon wondered how his feelings for Talia compare to that. 
'Don't overthink it. You will see the changes after you seal the bond.', Damon's wolf said. 
The images changed, showing two wolves rubbing their heads on each other, running through the forest, sunsets, sunrises, a tall rock that showed magnificent views of valleys... Images changed, but what was constant was that Liseli and Sapa always moved. They never stayed in one place for too long, and even though they were happy, there was a sense of uneasiness, like someone was always watching. 
Damon's wolf spoke to Damon, 'Liseli was Selena's favorite student. She was supposed to remain pure, yet we fell in love. Selena warned us to stay apart, deeming me not worthy, but how does one stay away from his mate? I would sneak in there whenever I could, and Liseli would join me gladly and we would run as far as we could, but Liseli knew that she had to return or face Selena's wrath. Eventually, we were caught. Selena punished us by taking her away and leaving me behind. For centuries, I didn't know what happened to her. The bond was still there, so I knew she was alive, but I feared that Selena punished her harshly or… that she forgot about me.' 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon could feel his wolf's emotions and he believed him. But what he couldn't believe was that this wolf was with him for a full decade, yet this was the first time Damon heard about it. 
'Did you know from the start that Talia's wolf is your mate?', Damon asked. 
'No, not from the start. But I knew that Talia was your mate and that if I didn't help you be with the one that's meant for you, it would be a mistake. I would do the same I did for your father, help you get to your mate, and then shut down whenever you were together, but the more Talia's spirit recuperated, the more I found her familiar. When Liseli came out on that day in the study, I wanted to talk to her and confirm it was really her, but I was suppressed. At that time, I was almost certain it was Liseli, but maybe it was one of her sisters who holds a grudge, so I didn't dare say anything until I confirmed.' 
'She can suppress you?' Damon was not sure if he should be amused or terrified by this. No one ever suppressed his wolf before. 
'Liseli is the only one who can.', his wolf responded dreamily. 
Damon was uneasy about this. It's not that Damon didn't approve of Talia's strength, but her wolf was a different thing. The old creature was moody and threatening to deny him marking his mate. How can Damon be OK with that? 
'Now what?', Damon asked. 
'I don't know what Selena or her sisters told her, but she is here, and she saw how I lived without her. I'm sure Liseli will come around.' 
Damon snorted. 'She better.' They were having a moment, and Talia's wolf spoiled it! Damn it! 
'You probably shouldn't say that aloud', Damon's wolf warned him. 
"Liseli?", Damon's wolf called carefully while observing silvery eyes that were full of tears. 
"Is that real?" 
"Why would you doubt me?" 
'Answer him', Talia urged Liseli. She didn't understand why her wolf was reluctant to respond, but she could feel that Liseli was considering to shut down again, and Talia knew that staying quiet won't solve anything. 'I can feel your yearning for him. You want to believe him, but you need to have an open conversation.' 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 448 Images from the past (2)
Chapter 448 Images from the past (2)
Talia's wolf hesitated. 
Images that Sapa showed her felt real, almost like they were her own memories, yet they were so different from what she believed in many centuries they were apart. 
She looked in those endlessly blue eyes directed at her, and even though that was not the face she recognized, she knew that the pleading gaze came from Sapa. Maybe the images he showed her were not true, but his desire for her to believe him was. 
Liseli needed to share her side of the story. She owed him that much. She owed that to herself. 
"Can I show you?", Liseli asked. 
"Please.", Sapa responded right away. 
And then another set of images started flashing in their minds. 
It showed Liseli covering her ears with her paws in order to ignore words how Sapa moved on, found another, many others… The next scene was a small pool that acted like a television of some sort, and there Liseli saw a big black wolf running and her heart cracked when one chocolate-brown she-wolf rubbed on him, and he didn't snap at her. 
There was a scene after scene of Sapa close to other wolves, hunting, running, and showing affection, and Liseli spoke with her voice cracking, "I mourned your death, believing that the passage of time got you while I stayed in the realm where the time was frozen. But then I heard that Selena gave you immortality and some of my sisters advised me to stay strong because as long as I live, we can reunite. But then I saw these. Tell me, Sapa, what's the point of me living if you forgot about me? You are my other half, and only with you I can be happy, but how can I be happy when you moved on?" 
"I didn't forget about you, Liseli. I didn't move on. You should know that what you showed me was not true." 
"Are you saying that I'm making things up?" 
"No. But I believe that Selena would test you. Test your resolve. Just how she tested mine." 
"I want to believe you, Sapa, I really do…", her voice trailed. For centuries, she heard all kinds of stories and even saw images. Were all those really lies? 
Yes, Selena separated her from Sapa, but she was a teacher, a mother, not someone who would lie. At least that's what Liseli thought. If Selena thought that Sapa was bad for Liseli, Selena might keep them apart but to break Liseli's heart with deception only to get her way was too cruel. Would a mother do that to her daughter? 
Liseli flinched when Sapa touched her cheek with the tips of his fingers. 
"Take as much time as you need, Liseli. I waited for so long, and some more won't make a difference. Now that I know you are here, my heart sings with joy." He glanced up to see the moon emerging from behind tree canopies. "While you are sorting out your thoughts, keep in mind that Selena always cherished you and she wouldn't allow you to meet me like this if she didn't think I'm worthy. I hope you know my feelings for you didn't diminish and… I missed you." 
Those words were loaded with heavy emotions that made Talia's stomach sink. She really wanted to comfort him, yet she knew that only Liseli could do that. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia felt her consciousness shift, and she was back in the driver's seat, blinking at Damon who smiled at her. 
"Hi, kitten", he murmured. After the bomb how his wolf and Talia's have history, Damon was shaken. But he was also relieved to see that her eyes stopped glowing. His kitten was back. 
"Hi", she responded absentmindedly, still processing what happened in the last few minutes. Or was it the last few hours? She was not sure. 
"Are you alright?", Damon asked with concern obvious in his voice. 
She wanted to say that she was fine, but she couldn't lie. Even without the overload of information, there was a whole new set of emotions running through her. It made her feel like her senses got an upgrade to the next level, and she was more aware of everything. Was that the effect of her wolf being present? 
"I'm not sure. How are you doing?", she asked in return. 
"It's a lot to take in." For all of them. "How is Liseli?" 
"She is confused, relieved, angry, hopeful. I think she will be alright.", Talia responded. "How about Sapa?" 
"This is the first time my wolf gave me anything other than patronizing or angry. He is happy." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. Happy? Of course, he would be happy. Damon's wolf lived forever without his mate, without knowing how she was doing or if they will ever meet again, and now that wait was over. 
She tried to imagine how she would react if that were her and Damon; if someone separated them right now and kept them apart; if she heard stories about how he moved on and found someone else. Talia was confident that her love for Damon wouldn't waver, but what about her trust in him? She was not sure, and it was eating her alive. 
Talia wanted to believe Damon's words that she was his only one, she wanted to believe that nothing would ever change that because she was confident that Damon was the only man for her, and ever will be. However, she already doubted him more than once, and if she needs to withstand the trial of time… 
"Hey, hey…", Damon said while scooping Talia into his arms and lifting her to sit on his lap. 
"What are you thinking about?", he asked while tightening his hold on her. Her body was not cold, yet she was shivering and pressing herself into him, seeking his warmth and protection. 
Talia gripped his back while taking deep breaths of his addictive scent, enjoying the safety of his firm embrace, and hoping that they will never be apart. She didn't want to tell him that her insecurities were resurfacing. "I'm just sad. The story of Liseli and Sapa is so…" 
"I know.", Damon murmured against her temple and then he kissed her there. "But they are together now, and that's what counts." 
Talia nodded and buried her face into his neck, seeking comfort because her nerves were still strung tightly. 
She let out a shaky breath. "Damon?" 
"Hmm?" 
"What would you do if we can't be together?" 
"I would flip the heaven and earth to find you, and I wouldn't stop until I do." 
Talia knew he meant it. She was confident that she was the luckiest girl in the world as their mate bond allowed her to feel how much he adored her. She blinked her tears away. This was not the time for crying, even though those would be tears of joy. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 449 Lovers from the beginning of time (1)
Chapter 449 Lovers from the beginning of time (1)
After Sapa and Liseli retracted at the back of their minds, it was just Damon and Talia on that clearing next to the lake with their thoughts. 
Talia was sitting on Damon's lap and leaning into his embrace. Both were completely naked, and both distracted enough to not pay attention to it. 
The information that their wolves have a history together was shocking, and the effect of experiencing centuries of memories squeezed into a few minutes left them with a myriad of emotions that could fill an eternity. 
Everything was so vivid, and Damon and Talia knew that it came from their wolves, yet it still felt like they were right there… loving, yearning, aching for each other… for centuries. 
The feeling of being separated was like a fresh wound that can be mended only if they cling onto each other, and they did. 
Damon was first to snap into reality. His eyes moved over the calm surface of the lake that shimmered under the moonlight, and then he scanned the trees and bushes that surrounded the small clearing where he and Talia were. It was quiet and peaceful, and he reminded himself that this was real and that images which shook his heart were in the past, and not even his. Or were they? It was difficult to discern as Damon and his wolf reached another level of connection like their consciousness was merging into one. 
Damon's attention moved to the little woman whose bare form rested on him like it was a totally normal thing and he loved it. 
Damon pushed a lock of hair behind Talia's ear, and she blinked while lifting her gaze to meet his. 
"I feel like I loved you from the beginning of time.", Talia said, catching Damon by surprise. 
"I feel the same.", he said while staring into her honeyed eyes that glistened with unshed tears under the moonlight. She was beautiful, strong and fragile at the same time. His. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The mate bond allowed Damon to feel Talia's love and devotion, and he knew that was real. She wanted to be with him, and she would never leave his side willingly, but the fear of losing him was also real, just how Sapa lost Liseli. 
Damon wanted to comfort her, to give her assurance that nothing and no one will stand between them. And he needed that assurance as well. 
"Is your wolf OK with…", Damon's voice trailed, and his fingers brushed the base of Talia's neck, hoping that she will understand. 
"Marking? She is fine." Well, Liseli didn't say that explicitly, but she didn't to it either, which Talia took as an agreement. 
A huge burden fell off Damon's chest, but in the next moment, he got nervous. It's happening! Well, almost. 
She observed his expression changing, and then it hit her. They came to the cabin to have three days just for themselves so that they can relax and… Damon to mark her. She was distracted by the revelation of their wolves, but now she was back into the present. 
Talia's heart rate picked up and she swallowed hard. 
They were in the open, completely naked. The intimacy of the moment stretched beyond the flesh. The night, the lake, the forest, Damon, it was all perfect and she loved it. 
Talia could feel his anxiousness, and her chest swelled with warm and fuzzy emotions. Alpha Damon… the outrageously handsome, powerful, dangerous, cheeky, caring, and sometimes overbearing Alpha was holding her in his arms like she was the most important thing in the world, and he was nervous. Because of her. 
"Damon?", Talia called to get his full attention. "I want you to know that there is no other man I would do this with." 
Damon blinked. How was it possible that she ended up comforting him? He lifted her hand to his lips and kissed the inside of her palm. "I know." He kissed the inside of her wrist. "And there is no other woman I would want as mine. It's only you, kitten." 
He arranged kisses on her arm all the way to her shoulder, going down to collarbones as his nose grazed her neck, and Talia's insides melted at the sensation of Damon's lips traveling over her skin, delivering a delicious dose of addictive sparks every time. 
Her breathing picked up as she became aware that he is going to mark her. Tonight. 
Talia gripped his shoulders and pressed into him, trying to maximize the surface of their bodies touching. 
"How about we go inside the cabin?" Damon's hot breath slipped into her ear, making her hairs stand on the ends. 
"What's wrong with here?" 
His head snapped so that he can see her and then his eyes moved to scan their surroundings. Was she really OK with them going at it here in the open? But he remembered that Talia spent many years hiding in the attic and that she loved the forest. There was soft grass below them and the night sky above, and he realized that this place was actually perfect. 
"There is nothing wrong with this, kitten." 
Damon pecked and nibbled Talia's neck gently with just a bit of teeth, and his damp hair tickled her cheek as he moved. With every passing moment they were holding each other tighter, pulling closer, their movements turning impatient. 
Damon sucked in a breath when she stood up from his lap. Did she change her mind? But he loosened his hold on her. He didn't want to force her if she was not willing. 
He smiled when she spread her legs to straddle him. Oh, yeah. They will go at it. Right there. 
Damon took advantage of this position to kiss her thoroughly, and he groaned when her soft flesh pressed against his erection. Why did it feel like he didn't delve into her depths for months? 
He grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled her head backward. The way her body arched pushed her breasts up for him to feast on. And he did. 
Talia gasped when he sucked on her nipple, his tongue doing magic circles that turned her body into clay for him to mold. 
"Damon, Damon…", she chanted his name like a prayer while getting lost in arousal that was building at an alarming rate and she had no intention to resist it. 
She gripped his shoulders and rocked against him. The movement of her hips spoke of urgency, and her breathing was getting ragged, but Damon didn't want to rush. Not now. This was important. 
His palms were flat on her back as he got up on his knees, and he put her to lay on the soft grass. 
Talia blinked while looking at Damon who was looming above her, close enough for her to feel the heat of his body yet denying her that skin-to-skin contact. 
The moon behind Damon veiled his handsome features in deep shadows while outlining his silhouette with an otherworldly glow. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 450 Lovers from the beginning of time (2)
Chapter 450 Lovers from the beginning of time (2)
Damon lifted himself on his arms to increase the gap between him and Talia and the moonlight hit her naked body, making her skin appear milky-white, nearly glowing. 
His breath hitched. She looked like a Goddess with her hair spread on the grass like a crown, and her gaze full of lust and love directed at him. 
"You are beautiful, Talia…", he spoke in a husky voice. "I can't believe you are mine." 
Talia smiled dreamily. Silly man. He was the beautiful one. 
She reached to touch his cheek, and her hand slid over his ear to caress his hair. 
"I am yours. You are lucky.", she said cheekily, and he chuckled. 
"That's one way to put it." He leaned lower and touched her nose with his before murmuring, "Do you really think that the two of us together was luck or a coincidence? After revealing the history of our wolves, I believe that we were always meant to find each other. Maybe not in the attic, and maybe not in the Red Moon pack, but I would definitely find you, kitten." 
"Not if I found you first." 
Damon hummed in agreement with her words, and he enjoyed the way her eyelids became heavy when his hands started exploring her body. 
His fingers traced the edge of her breast and slid down to her waist, squeezing and applying pressure just enough to get her stirring. And then he went back up to tease her without touching any sensitive spots, leaving a fiery trail and making her ache for him. 
Damon enjoyed the way her body coiled under his ministrations. She responded to him perfectly. Everything about Talia was perfect. For him. 
Talia gripped the back of Damon's neck and tried to pull him down. She really wanted to feel his weight on her and to devour his lips. 
It took her a few seconds to confirm he was not budging. She groaned. "Damon, please…" 
"What's the rush?" 
He wanted to take this slow. Sure, he could pick up her arousal, but he wanted her to writhe in need, and when she reached the point of nearly losing her mind, he would take her. Well, that was the plan, but then he saw that her eyes were glistening with unshed tears, and he panicked. Did he do something wrong? 
"Hey, hey", he asked quickly. "What's going on? Are you having second thoughts? If you are, we don't need to go through marking now. We can just relax and enjoy and…" 
"No. No!", she said with panic in her voice. What did he mean by, they don't need to do it now? 
"Then, what is it?" 
Talia released a long breath. "I just want to be done with this." 
Damon was not sure if he heard her right. "What?" 
"I'm tired of people and wolves interrupting or trying to stop us from being together. Mark me, Damon. Only like that, we will tell the world that we are one and no one will be able to stand between us. I don't want to be apart from you, ever. The possibility of someone separating us was scary, but now that I felt the anguish of our wolves, I really don't want to risk it. Mark me. Please." She inhaled a shaky breath and added in a small voice, "Like that, even if we are not together, part of you will always be with me." 
Damon released a slow breath, relieved to hear that she didn't get cold feet. 
"I feel the same, kitten. You know that I'm always eager to plunder your sweet pussy and make you scream my name in ecstasy." 
He paused to enjoy her shocked expression. He adored the way her cheeks blush when she was flustered, and he hoped that part of her will never change. 
"However, this is not the time to rush, kitten. Don't allow others to impact you to the point of spoiling the good moments. And this is a good moment." He lowered himself until his firm chest pressed on her soft breasts, and he gave her a long kiss that took her breath away. 
"I waited for you to recognize me as your mate.", he spoke against her lips. "I wanted to hear your confirmation that you accept me. Me marking you depended on you, kitten. Only you. Now that I know you are willing, nothing and no one will prevent me from claiming you as mine." 
His emotions washed over Talia, and she knew he meant it. But what really struck her was that her acceptance was important to him. This willful Alpha who would boss around people and take what he wanted without apologizing, needed her acceptance. It was surreal. 
"I love you, Damon…", Talia breathed. 
His lips lifted into a wicked grin. "I know." 
She slapped his shoulder playfully. "It was a romantic moment, and you ruined it." 
"Ruined? Let me fix that quickly.", he chuckled and then he kissed the base of her neck once, twice, and his lips latched on the spot where his mark will come, and Talia gripped his shoulders to steady herself because the whole world was spinning. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
In less than ten heartbeats, Talia was breathing heavily, clawing at his back in an attempt to pull him closer. 
"I love you, kitten…", Damon spoke close to her ear. "Don't ever doubt that." 
Her lips lifted into a smile that lasted only a second before her jaw fell slack as she moaned when he twisted her nipple with his index finger and thumb, sending electric shocks straight to her core. Before she could recover, Damon started grinding himself at the cradle of her thighs, every rock of his hips making her gasp and tremble. 
Damon said that they shouldn't rush it, but the truth was that he was also impatient. He wanted to feel her, and he was eager to mark her. At the same time, he wanted it to be good for her, something she will remember gladly, and not just a procedure they need to go through because of external pressure. 
He rocked against her, her slick juices coated his cock that was hard and ready, her hips moved to meet his, and she arched toward him while pulling him lower. 
"Ahh…", a shaky breath escaped her lips when she felt the pressure at her entrance and her body came alive, her hips twisted to take him deeper and faster because his movements were torturously slow. 
"This might hurt…", Damon said while kissing the spot on her neck where his mark will come. "My wolf said that it will be fine as long as we allow our instincts to guide us." 
Talia nodded choppily. 
His slow thrusts created friction that made their minds hazy in need of more. 
"Harder, Damon.", she breathed. "Give me all you've got." 
"Fuck!", he cursed under his breath. He was trying to take this slow so that it lasts longer, but she was not making it easier. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 451 Lovers from the beginning of time (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 451 Lovers from the beginning of time (3) [Bonus chapter]
Talia writhed under Damon, trying to get him to move faster, but he just murmured close to her ear how much he loves her and continued his torturously slow ministrations. 
It was wonderful, it really was. She could feel his sincerity and his intention to make her feel good but slow and gentle was not what she needed at that moment. 
She wanted to feel his power and passion. 
She wanted Damon who was unrestrained and outrageous. 
She wanted him to plunder her insides. 
And she was determined to get it. 
Frantic for more, Talia's hands glided lower on his back, and she dug her nails into his firm ass, pulling him closer and rocking her hips against him. 
"Gods! Woman!", he squeezed through his teeth. 
"Your woman.", Talia said. "Please, don't make me wait. Don't make it slow. And don't make it gentle. Not now. I need… Ah… Mmm…" 
Her words were lost in moans when Damon's hips picked up the pace. 
At the feeling of Talia pulling him in desperately, Damon's weak control snapped, and he gave in to his urges. After all, she was eager and he was also, and they can take it slowly later. They had three days. 
Damon lifted himself to sit with his legs crossed in the lotus position, and Talia gripped his back to follow him without them disconnecting. 
She straddled him and hugged his neck firmly, unwilling to let go, ever. 
"Fuck!", he cursed when she moved, her pace not much slower than his, yet the small rotation of her hips threatened to push him over the edge too fast. Damn, she was perfect. 
He pushed her damp hair to her right side, to remove the obstacles from the spot where he will mark her. His urge to put his lips there was driving him to the edge of insanity. 
"Ah, Damon…", she moaned close to his ear, the words spiraled from his brain straight into his groin area, and he couldn't believe that his arousal swelled. Seductress! 
Talia's legs started shaking and slowing down her movements, so he gripped her hips with his right hand to pull her to him, and his other hand landed on the ground behind him as support while he thrusted into her vigorously. 
Her body arched backward, and outrageous sounds ripped from her throat, Damon's name mixed in with a string of vowels and curses, and Damon was sure that he never heard anything so beautiful in his life. 
The visual of her bouncing on him nearly made him come. Her head was thrown back and her jaw slack, her breasts jiggling, the sheen of sweat sparkling under the moonlight… it was the sexiest image he saw in his life. 
Damon could feel the pressure building in both him and Talia, and something told him that his mouth should be closer to her neck. It was the instinct he pushed away many times before, but not tonight. 
Talia gasped at the speed Damon pushed her to lay on the grass, yet her back landed softly as he controlled his speed and force expertly, confirming that he won't hurt her even when he was lost in passion. 
He was quick to continue thrusting into her, and Talia's face flashed into his view, full of lust and love, and he was not sure if he saw silvery sparks in her eyes, but this was not the time for technicalities. 
Talia's fingers dug into his back, her arms coiling firmly just under his armpits, and her face was buried in his neck, frantic breaths splashing on him and making his hair stand on ends. 
When merging with Damon, Talia would always lose herself in pleasure, her whole world zeroing on the sensation of his hard length sliding in and out of her, and Damon all around her, pushing her toward the rapture with every thrust, but this time, it was different. This time, Talia was not lost. Actually, it felt like she found a part of herself, something she forgot a long time ago. Possession. Belonging. 
She wanted to give herself to Damon in body and spirit, and she also wanted everyone to know that he was hers. Completely. 
His tongue moved flat over her neck, making her skin ripple in goosebumps, and she felt the urge to do the same. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The sensation of their bodies moving together was thrilling, and the fact that they were in the open, made them feel like they were sharing their love with the rest of the world. 
Damon was focusing on Talia's neck, nibbling and kissing, in order to prolong his pleasure and not come first. They needed to do this together. 
Every fiber of Damon's being was trembling, telling him that the time was nearly there, and his fangs elongated without him even trying. 
Emotions swelled within Damon and an otherworldly growl bubbled in his chest and burst from his throat, and his heart soared when Talia did the same, like she was responding to his call. He never made such a sound, yet he knew that it was a sign of claiming and belonging. 
Talia muffled her frantic moans into his neck as she gripped him tightly, her rapid breaths fanned the left side of his neck, and he knew that she was on the brink of an orgasm. 
"Don't hold it in, kitten...", he rasped. "Let it out. Let me hear you..." 
And then he started the countdown. 3… 2… 
Damon groaned when a piercing pain assaulted his neck, making him feel like he was being burned alive. 
What the hell!? 
Before he could process what happened, his head dipped and his fangs sank in Talia's flesh, releasing his venom and embedding parts of him as her new normal, yet he felt that he was also undergoing some changes as fiery liquid traveled through his veins. 
Damon growled when her insides coiled around his throbbing cock, and both he and Talia shivered in their orgasm that was amplified by the scorching sensation that flowed into their bodies from the neck down. 
Damon unlatched himself and he laughed weakly when he realized that Talia was releasing low growls while licking his neck, the spot where she marked him. It was painful, tingly, and super-sensitive to the point of making him aroused like he didn't come just a few seconds ago. 
He was not sure what to think about Talia marking him because his consciousness was fading, but he knew that the circle was closed as their bond strengthened and was growing into something mysterious and wonderful. 
Damon focused on licking those few drops of blood that trickled from Talia's neck. He needed to help her heal before his strength leaves him completely. 
The sensation of her tongue on his neck sent shudders through his body, and he was pleased to know that he will wear her mark, and she will wear his. 
He couldn't wait to see how they turn out. 
Damon didn't realize at what point he slumped over Talia, but he managed to push himself on the side so that he doesn't crush her with the weight of his body. He felt her arms wrapping around him, holding him close, like she will never let go, and he hoped she never does. 
The last spec of energy seeped out of his body as he pulled her into him, and then darkness descended on his senses. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 452 Call for help (1)
Chapter 452 Call for help (1)
The cloudless sky was colored in oranges and purples, looking magnificent as the sunrise was announcing another hot summer day. Everything was completely still, the only sounds coming from two bodies as they breathed while lying on the grass. 
Talia's eyes fluttered open, shaking the morning dew that gathered on her lashes. 
It took her a moment to realize that she was lying on the grass, with Damon next to her. 
She stuck to Damon's firm body, seeking his warmth. Why the hell were they out in the open, completely naked? 
Mental images flashed: their wolves, the sad story and reunion, Damon's gentle gaze, fiery touches, and powerful thrusts, and there was a bite. Two bites. 
Her head whipped to see Damon's left side of his neck, and she couldn't see anything other than his perfect skin. He was slightly pale but no less handsome. 
Talia was confused. Did she imagine biting him? Sure, Damon heals fast, but there should be a mark, right? 
Talia reached to touch the left side of her neck. It was tender, but there were no bumps that would indicate a wound. 
If she imagined events from last night, why were they naked here? 
Talia closed her eyes to feel for any changes. There was nothing in particular, yet her senses were heightened. It was almost like she connected with nature to feel each plant and animal in the area, caressing them with her mind. Unbelievable. 
Talia looked at Damon's handsome features and her brows came together when she realized that he was still sleeping. Damon would always be the first one to wake up, and now she even moved, yet he didn't twitch. 
She wondered if she should let him rest more or wake him up, but then… werewolves or not, they should go to the cabin. 
"Damon?", she called softly. 
Nothing. 
"Damon?" This time it was louder. 
Still nothing. 
She gave him a small nudge and when he didn't move, she pushed herself to sit on her knees. 
Talia gaped at his form that glowed in silvery light all over. She didn't notice it up close, but now that she stepped back, it was clearly visible. 
Reluctantly, she put her palm on his chest and shook him a bit. 
Why was he not reacting? This was not like Damon. Was something wrong? 
With every passing heartbeat, her worry was increasing and gnawing on her insides. 
Why was this happening in the middle of nowhere? How can she call for help? And who can help anyway? 
It took her a few endless moments to realize that she was not alone. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
'Liseli?', Talia called in her mind, hoping that her wolf will respond. 
'Yes?' 
Talia released a breath of relief. 
'What's wrong with Damon?' 
'Nothing. He is adjusting to the powers he received through our mark.' 
Talia took another look at his neck. It was clean. 
'Why is the mark not showing?' 
'Our mark is more than flesh deep. It connects the souls.' 
Talia's breath hitched. 'Our souls are connected?' 
'Almost.', Talia's wolf responded. 'The connection will be complete if Sapa and I do the mating ceremony.' 
Talia noticed the IF part, and she knew Liseli was still struggling to accept that she was fed lies by her mother and sisters. 
'Will you bite Sapa?' 
Liseli snorted. 'We are not barbaric like humans. Our mating is more spiritual. We open our minds and hearts and accept each other completely. No secrets.' 
Talia understood that the mating for wolves is something along the lines of how Sapa and Liseli shared their memories. 
'I think that's wonderful, Liseli.' Only by fully opening up to the other, she could enjoy the feeling of being accepted unconditionally. 'I wish that Damon and I can do the same.' 
'You can', her wolf said. 'We are the same but if you need distinction, you can think of it as you and Damon will connect by the flesh, while Sapa and I bond our souls.' 
Talia wanted to ask for details, but Damon released a slow groan, drawing Talia's attention back to him, and her anxiousness was swelling again. Yes, her wolf said that this was part of the process, but Talia was uneasy. 
She touched his forehead and felt his warmth. Talia paused when she realized that Damon was burning. 
'Why does he have a fever? Is this normal?' 
'I'm not sure', her wolf admitted. 'It's not like I've seen marking like this one. I can tell you that with your bite, he received a part of your power, and his body is adjusting to it. But anything beyond that is just a guess.' 
Damon groaned again, and Talia was now panicking. 
Was his temperature rising, or was her anxiousness muddling her senses? 
One way or another, she didn't want to leave him on this grass. 
Talia tried lifting him, but he was too heavy. Damn it, why did he weigh a ton? 
And the fact that she was tugging on him, and he didn't react, only scared her more. 
She remembered one thing. 'Liseli, can you help him?' 
'What do you have on your mind?' 
'When Meg was in the car after Kai marked her, I helped her channel that energy out and she was better. Somehow, I knew what to do. It was you guiding me, right? Do it again.' 
Liseli hesitated. 'This is a natural process. If we interfere recklessly, it can have negative consequences.' 
Talia bit her lower lip nervously. Damon didn't look good. Was she really supposed to just sit and wait? 'Can we help him just a little bit?' 
'OK. Touch him.' 
In the next moment, Talia's palms were on Damon's pecks. 
Talia looked at Damon's handsome face in anticipation of something happening. Unfortunately, there was nothing. 
'Liseli?' 
'I'm trying!', Liseli responded in a strained voice, and then she snorted. 'It's not working.' 
'Why?' 
'Because Sapa is strong. That friend of yours had a weak wolf. Well, weak by our standards. Sapa is different. He is the strongest wolf I know.', Liseli's last words were full of pride and love. 
'Aren't you stronger than Sapa?' 
'Not really. Our strengths are different. If we need to fight it out, without regard of hurting the other, the outcome would be uncertain.' 
Talia exhaled dejectedly. 'So, now what? We just wait and hope for the best?' 
'Yes, unless you know of a powerful witch that can help channel the powers of the Moon.' 
Talia made a face. Yeah, right. How on earth was she supposed to know a witch? The closest to that was the oracle that Axel mentioned. 
Talia's expression lit up when she remembered… Axel! 
They were leaving the Dark Howlers pack because they wanted to help Meg, but for that, they needed to go to the Midnight Guardians pack. 
She dashed into the cabin to get her phone. Damon told her that she can leave her phone in the packhouse, but she still sneaked it into the bag. She kept it off because she had no intention of using it, but now it will come in handy. 
Talia truly hoped that Axel will know how to help Damon. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 453 Call for help (2)
Chapter 453 Call for help (2)
~ The Midnight Guardians pack ~ 
Axel groaned when his phone woke him up and it took him a moment to realize from where the noise was coming. 
He sprang into a seated position when he realized that something important was happening. 
If anyone from the Midnight Guardians pack wanted to contact him, they would use mind-link. And if it was an outsider, only a handful of them had his number. 
Axel scrambled to get his phone and his eyes flashed when he saw the name flashing, "Talia". 
He reached into the drawer of his bedside table to grab a handful of purple crystals and scattered them around him. The time in the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack flowed differently compared to the outside world, and these crystals created a temporary dimension-tunnel for the cell phone signals to travel. 
Axel took a deep breath to compose himself before answering, "Hello?" 
"Hi… Axel…", Talia's voice came out choppy. "I need your help. I…", she hesitated. 
"Tell me.", he urged her. 
"It's Damon." 
Axel frowned, and his eyebrows shot up when Talia continued, "He has similar symptoms like Meg when you took her from…" 
"He what?", Axel interrupted her. 
"He is unconscious and glowing. You know what I mean." 
"No, I don't. Why would he…" 
It was Talia's turn to interrupt Axel. "Because I marked him." 
Axel stared at his phone and then rubbed his eyes as if to confirm that he heard what he heard. 
Sure, he knew Talia had powers that would link her to the Midnight Guardians pack, but how on Earth did she mark Damon? Damon was the most powerful Alpha of their generation, and if she marked him, doesn't that mean he submitted to her? Delicate Talia made Damon submit? He saw her swimming very fast, but he never imagined that she would be stronger than Damon. This was difficult to process. 
But if it was true, it confirmed Talia had Alpha blood, and there was only one Alpha family in the Midnight Guardians pack. Sure, there was always a chance that Alpha from another pack mated with someone from the Midnight Guardians pack, but still… he pushed those thoughts for later. 
"Are you sure?", Axel asked, wondering if this was some strange joke. 
Talia exhaled in frustration. She didn't think that he will doubt her. "Why would I lie, Axel? Last night, we came to this cabin, and we had dinner and then…" She really didn't want to talk more, but it was obvious that Axel needed more details. "One thing lead to another, and he said that we should give in to our instincts, and I marked him. I woke up this morning to see him unresponsive and glowing. Can you help us? Please? He is burning up and groaning. I think he is in pain and… Tell me what to do." 
Axel pursed his lips while thinking. Of course, he could help her. But the question was if he will be allowed to. "Don't try to wake him up forcibly. There are things…" He paused. "Give me a bit to figure out something. I will call you back." 
Axel ended the call without waiting for Talia to respond. 
His brain scrambled for options on how to deal with this situation. 
He asked Cassandra to come and verify if Talia was the child from the prophecy, and Cassandra was considering it, but his parents ed, saying how they can't risk Cassandra leaving and getting in danger. She knew too much and was too precious for the whole pack. 
His parents were adamant about Axel staying away from Talia, saying how they need to focus on their pack, and not on outsiders, but… now that Damon is awakening his powers, he is not really an outsider. 
Axel didn't tell his parents that Talia and Damon are fated mates, but if he tells them about the situation, they were bound to find out. 
He scooted out of the bed and decided to deal with this head-on. After all, his options were to ignore Talia's request for help or to involve his parents. No one gets in or out of their territory without approval from Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia was sitting by Damon's side, holding his hand, and stroking his hair. 
She dressed up and struggled to pull a pair of shorts on Damon before covering him with a blanket. 
His temperature was going up and down in waves, and he would groan occasionally, but he didn't open his eyes, and that scared her. 
Axel called to tell her he was coming, and to keep her phone powered on, saying that they will find her based on the GPS coordinates, but he didn't say who was coming or when. They took hours to reach here from the packhouse, what if Axel can't reach today? 
A helpless sob escaped her lips, and she leaned her forehead on Damon's chest. 
"I'm sorry, Damon. I screwed up again. If I knew, I wouldn't give in to my urge… I wouldn't… Please, come back to me…", she spoke in whispers and hoped that he will hear her and wake up. 
"Talia?", Axel's voice came from the side, and she whipped her head that way to see Axel and another man coming out of the bushes. The road was another way. How did they get there so quickly? 
The unknown man was an older version of Axel, and he looked at her like he hoped to see what was under her flesh. 
"Axel…", Talia said while turning to face them without standing up. She didn't want to increase the distance between her and Damon. "I assume that's Alpha Isaac." 
The older man nodded stiffly, and his eyes moved to look at Damon. 
"Thank you for coming.", Talia said. "Damon is like this for at least two hours, probably longer. Can you help him?" 
"We will need to take him with us.", Alpha Isaac said with finality. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. She was hoping that they will give him medicine, or maybe perform a ritual, and Damon will be fine. But now it seemed it was not that simple. 
"Can you tell me what's going on and how you will help?", Talia asked. 
Axel stepped forward and observed Damon. "We can't be sure until we examine him thoroughly, but it seems that his powers are awakening. We have ways to make this process smoother, but we can't do it here." 
"Is that why you took Meg with you?" 
Axel confirmed. "She is doing well and looks forward to seeing you." 
Talia was alerted. She had no intention of leaving Damon's side, but what if this was a plot to get her into the Midnight Guardians pack? 
A sense of crisis descended on her. Those were two Alphas. If they want to take her away forcibly or harm Damon, how can she fight back? 
Can she trust them? 
What were her options? 
Talia looked into Axel's golden-honeyed eyes and wondered if she made a mistake by calling him. 
'He looks sincere', Talia's wolf spoke in her head. 
'Are you sure?' 
'Nothing is certain, but he has no ill intentions toward you.' 
'What about toward Damon?' 
'I don't know.', Liseli admitted. 'But if he doesn't want to hurt you, he won't harm Damon either.' 
Under those brave words, Talia could clearly feel Liseli's uncertainty. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 454 Call for help (3)
Chapter 454 Call for help (3)
Talia stared at two men who stood above her and Damon. 
Liseli told her that Axel won't harm her, but what about Alpha Isaac? 
The man's gaze made Talia uncomfortable at first, but then he was completely focused on Damon, his brows slightly pinched and Talia would give anything for a mind-reading ability. 
She was painfully aware that Axel and Alpha Isaac they were here, in the middle of a forest… no witnesses. If they wanted to harm her or Damon, Talia couldn't stop them. It was too late to backtrack out of this, so she decided to roll with it. 
"How do we do this?", she asked. 
Alpha Isaac moved closer and squatted next to Damon. 
Talia tensed but didn't interfere because the man was visually inspecting Damon's face without reaching to touch him. 
She reminded herself that they came to help. 
"Axel tells me you have powers.", Alpha Isaac said without looking at Talia. "What are they?" 
Alarm bells rang in Talia's head, and she glanced at Axel who looked at her with curiosity. She concluded that Kai was true to his words and didn't tell him what happened in the car. But then… maybe he did, and Axel knew, and Alpha Isaac knew as well, and this was just a test. 
How can she respond to the question about her powers when she was not aware of what she can do? Should she tell them that she was still figuring out that part, but so far she managed to swat away people without touching them, stop the water currents, energize Marcy's spirit to the point of bringing her out of the coma, and heal Damon and herself? 
'Don't reveal more than necessary', Liseli spoke into Talia's mind. 'Little steps. Don't trust them until you know their motives.' 
Talia was glad that Liseli was there to give her this advice. It made sense. 
"Healing.", Talia responded. It sounded safest. She didn't want to appear as a threat. 
Alpha Isaac's brows came together in a frown, and he turned his head to look at her. 
Talia couldn't read his expression. Did he just confirm that she lied? Her heart thundered against her chest, and she hoped that he can't hear it. 
"Healing…", he repeated and gestured at Damon. "Why didn't you heal him?" 
"I can heal wounds of the flesh. I tried with Damon before calling Axel, it didn't work.", Talia responded, relieved that her voice stayed steady. 
Alpha Isaac regarded her for a long second and then he lifted his arm to his face. 
Talia's eyes widened when he bit his forearm harshly. 
"Show me.", he said, and Talia stared at his bloodied forearm. What the hell? 
She couldn't believe this. Did he bite off part of his flesh? What if she was lying? Even with his werewolf-enhanced healing, it was extreme. 
But Talia understood that this was a test. 
'Liseli, I will need your help with this. Just enough power to heal him, but not too much', Talia thought and put her palm to hover an inch above Alpha Isaac's wound. 
Talia's palm radiated with heat, and then it cooled as the silvery light spread downwards and Alpha Isaac's wound healed at the speed visible to the naked eye. 
Alpha Isaac's attention moved from his wound to Talia and his lips pressed into a line as he saw her eyes flickering in silvery light. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Axel observed all this without a word and when Talia retracted her hand from Alpha Isaac's arm that had no remnants of the wound, she glanced at Axel to see him smiling at her. 
She didn't know why, but Axel's expression warmed her heart. It was like he was silently telling her that she did good, encouraging her to keep going. 
But she couldn't be happy. Not with Damon lying on the ground, and Alpha Isaac testing her like he didn't trust her motives. 
"Is that enough, or do I need to pass another test?", Talia asked Alpha Isaac and before he responded, she turned to Axel, "Damon is not well, and that's why I called you here. Can you help him? Will you help him? If it's a no, then please help me carry him into the cabin, and you can leave. I will figure out something." 
Alpha Isaac looked at her with a scowl. "And what will you do?" 
Talia was not sure what she could do. "I would call Damon's Betas and the pack doctor, and…" 
"No!" 
Alpha Isaac snapped before Talia could say that she would call Gideon also. 
"No one should know about this.", he squeezed through his teeth with eyes flashing in a warning. 
Talia's expression steeled with resolve. "Then you better help me. Or leave. At this rate, you are not helping." 
Alpha Isaac narrowed his eyes at her. "You obviously don't understand the dangers if people see him like this." 
"I do. I heard it all before.", Talia barked back. She was irked that he would think about hiding the magic-wielding secret like it was more important than helping Damon. Was his life in danger? Talia prayed silently that it was not, but he was not fairing well either. 
Alpha Isaac and Talia were engaged in a silent staring contest, neither willing to back down, and Talia felt the air changing. Was he using his Alpha aura to surpass her? She had no intention of shrinking. 
"M-hm…", Axel cleared his throat. "We came here to help, Talia." 
"But?", Talia asked stiffly without looking away from Alpha Isaac. 
"As you heard, we need to take him with us." 
Talia turned to look at Axel. "Then, why are we still here and your father is inspecting me like I'm an impostor?" 
Axel shot a glare at his father, but then he responded to Talia. "I told you before. Not everyone is welcome to our territory. He was just making sure that you are one of us." 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air when she remembered that conversation. Axel also told her that once one is in the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack, he can't leave. Was she going willingly to a place where they will imprison them? 
Damon groaned and Talia's heart leaped in hope that he was waking up, but then it cracked when she saw beads of sweat forming on his forehead. He was not getting better. 
Talia put her hand on his cheek and prayed silently that she was not making a mistake. 
"Will I be able to stay with him?", she asked in a whisper. 
"Of course.", Axel responded. "We will never keep you away from your mate." 
Talia's head whipped to look at Axel. "Never?" 
"We respect the mate bond above everything else.", Axel said solemnly. 
She wanted to ask how does the respect of the mate bond stack against them keeping their secret about magical powers, but this was not the time to stir that topic. 
Talia gave a small nod and turned to look at Damon. He needed help, and as long as the two of them can stay together… they will figure out the rest. Somehow. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 455 In the Midnight Guardians pack (1)
Chapter 455 In the Midnight Guardians pack (1)
Talia opened her eyes and looked around the unknown room that had pastel green walls and the window allowed for the light from outside to seep in, but it was somewhat dimmed, and Talia guessed that it was either cloudy or maybe it was getting dark. 
Her movements were somewhat sluggish but other than that she felt fine. 
How did she find herself here? 
"Talia?", a female voice came from the side and Talia blinked to get into focus Meg's welcoming expression. 
Meg's presence confirmed that Talia reached her destination, the Midnight Guardians pack. Well, at least she was greeted by a familiar face. 
"Meg? Where am I?", Talia croaked while pushing herself up on the elbows. She was lying on the bed. 
"Easy…", Meg said while helping Talia get into a seated position. "Here drink this." She passed her a glass with transparent liquid and Talia gave it a sniff. 
"It's water.", Meg said with amusement in her voice, and when Talia started drinking, Meg answered Talia's original question. "You are in the Midnight Guardians pack. This is the center for people who need help with their powers. I know you are confused but give it a minute. It's a standard procedure for newcomers to be unconscious while passing the portal. It's for everyone's safety." 
Talia cursed internally. Axel told her that they will need to blindfold her, and she agreed as long as she gets to hold onto Damon, yet they did something to knock her out. How long was she unconscious? 
Talia jerked glass away from her lips. "Damon…" 
"He is fine.", Meg said with haste and then added, "I mean… maybe." 
"What do you mean, maybe? I want to see him.", Talia demanded. She kept the glass back on the bedside table and started scooting off the bed. She was eager to reunite with Damon. Why did they separate them? 
"He is with healers.", Meg said. "Cassandra is personally looking after him." 
"The oracle.", Talia said, and Meg nodded in confirmation. 
"Don't you have other people who could help Damon?" 
"We do, but it's not every day that Alpha is awakening his powers. Cassandra wanted to make sure nothing goes wrong. She is the best. She took care of me when I arrived. It's an honor.", Meg said. "I am so excited that you finally went through with the marking, but I must say that I'm surprised that you marked him." 
Talia looked at Meg while wondering how much sincerity was behind that smile. Sure, Talia knew Meg from before, and she had a good opinion of her, but the truth was that they spent one shopping trip together, and then Meg recognized Kai as her mate and... that was not much to establish a trustworthy relationship. 
"You know I marked him?", Talia asked. 
Meg nodded. "Axel told me when he said you and Damon are coming." 
Talia was not sure what to believe anymore. It all made sense, maybe too much. 
She wanted to call to her wolf, but somehow she got a feeling that she shouldn't, and she remembered Liseli's words to not reveal more than necessary. Who knows, maybe these magical people have a way of detecting that her wolf is special. 
Little steps, Talia told herself. She will be careful, but if she treats everyone like they are enemies, she won't accomplish anything. 
"How long are we here?" 
"Two, maybe three hours.", Meg responded. 
"Can I see Damon?" 
"Of course. But maybe you should wait a bit. It takes a few minutes for the drowsiness to clear up." 
One word stood out for Talia, drowsiness. Did they drug her? What the hell!? 
"I'm fine.", Talia said. She was not fine. Her arms and legs were heavy and stiff, and her stomach was churning, but she needed to see Damon. 
Meg looked at Talia skeptically, but she understood Talia's urgency. "Let me take you to him." 
Talia followed Meg through the narrow hallway, and Meg chattered happily, yet Talia didn't hear a word of what Meg said. It was difficult to focus. She was anxious about this whole situation, they separated her from Damon, and her mind was still cloudy. 
They took a flight of stairs down and then Meg stopped in front of one door. 
"Talia…", Meg called to get her attention. "It might be difficult to see what's in this room. But remember, people here are trying to help Damon, and please… don't touch anything." 
Talia gave a stiff nod. Did Meg think that those words will calm her down? 
The door opened and Talia held her breath. 
"Follow me", Meg said and stepped into the room. 
They found themselves in a small hallway that had a big glass window on the right, looking into a room. 
Talia's eyes fell on Damon who was lying on the platform that was made out of one big flat rock, and it had mysterious patterns etched into it. The patterns pulsated in silvery light making it look like they are taking energy from Damon and carrying it into the ground. 
The shimmer around his body was much fainter than it was on the meadow, but it was still there. 
Talia put her palms on the glass, wishing to pass through it. 
"You can come inside…" 
Meg's voice got Talia's attention and Meg gestured toward the door on the side that will take them to the room where Damon was. 
Talia's eyes went back to Damon as she moved toward the door, and then into the room that was filled with various herbal scents which seeped from incense burners that were placed in each corner. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia didn't stop until she was next to the platform where Damon was. She reached for his hand. 
"Don't!", Meg exclaimed, but Talia was already holding Damon's hand, and lifted it up to lean her cheek at the back of his palm. 
"You shouldn't touch him.", Meg spoke from behind Talia. 
"It's fine, Meg…", a deep female voice sounded in the room. "You must be Talia." 
Talia blinked and turned to face an older woman with waist-long black hair who smiled at her. The woman wore a white sleeveless dress that had a wide red sash at the waist level, and numerous bracelets and necklaces made out of small rocks, shells, and bones. Her face didn't look older than fifty years old, but her dark eyes spoke of centuries-deep wisdom. 
"I am Cassandra. I heard a lot about you from Axel." 
Talia nodded faintly and squeezed Damon's hand firmly like she was afraid to let go. 
"I'm sorry oracle", Meg said with her head lowered. "Talia is a good person. She is just in shock." 
Talia realized that she was rude for not greeting the oracle with respect, but she didn't like that Meg was making excuses for her. 
Talia was not interested in shallow pleasantries when Damon was in trouble, and not when that woman made her wary. Everything about this place made Talia's hairs stand on the ends. They knocked her out without permission, she was in an unknown place, surrounded by strangers, and Damon was unconscious. How can she relax? 
And why would Talia bow to the woman when every fiber in her being told her that Cassandra should be the one showing respect? 
--- 
Cassandra's pic is in the comments. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 456 In the Midnight Guardians pack (2)
Chapter 456 In the Midnight Guardians pack (2)
Author's note: 
Thank you, Peaches1, for the Magic Castle gifted on March 27, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
"Don't worry about it, Meg. I understand.", Cassandra said with a smile when Talia didn't greet her respectfully, even after Meg's reminder. "Kai was also ignoring protocols when he brought you here. The mate bond makes us do things we can't control. You can get a chair for Talia." 
"Is it safe?", Meg asked. 
Cassandra confirmed. "He won't hurt her." 
"Why do you think Damon will hurt me?", Talia asked warily. 
Cassandra glanced at Damon and then spoke to Talia, "His powers are awakening, and we still don't know what they are. At this point, he is unstable and might harm others unintentionally. That's why he is here. But you are his mate, and as such, his abilities won't work on you." 
Talia was not sure if that made sense. If abilities don't work on mates, how was she able to heal him? But she didn't care about the details. Even if Damon was about to destroy everything in his reach, she had no intention of stepping away from him. 
"How is he?", Talia asked. 
"He is stable, but not responding to medications as expected.", Cassandra responded. "We are increasing the dose gradually. He is strong." 
Talia smiled a little as pride swelled within her. Yes, Damon is the strongest. 
Cassandra gestured to Meg to leave. "I'm sure that Talia will want some privacy." 
"I will come and get you for lunch. In about one hour.", Meg said to Talia and she left before Talia responded. 
Talia definitely wanted privacy, but Damon was unwell and she had many questions. "Cassandra, can you tell me what's happening?" 
Cassandra stopped in her tracks and turned to face Talia. 
"What do you want to know?" 
"Everything. Maybe all this...", she waved toward Damon and the glowing stone platform, "Is normal for you, but it's not for me. I want to understand the situation." 
Cassandra nodded in understanding and started explaining, "The powers that are awakening are unstable at first, and can flare at the slightest stimulation. The medication we gave him is helping him absorb the powers." 
"What about this platform?" 
"It's helping to drain excess.", Cassandra said. Seeing that Talia pressed her lips into a line, Cassandra added, "It is not taking what's inside him. Think of it like scooping foam from the top of boiling milk to prevent spilling over the edge." 
"How long will this take?" 
Cassandra shrugged, indicating that she is not sure. "It depends on his body and his ability." 
Talia was not happy with all these unknowns. It all sounded fine, but she had no way of confirming that it was true. But at the same time, what were her options? 
Since she came here, Talia didn't let go of Damon's hand. She could confirm that his temperature was stable and he was not groaning like before. He was definitely in better shape compared to what she saw in the meadow and that told her that Cassandra is helping him. 
"Thank you for explaining. I apologize for being rude. I am just worried about him.", Talia said. 
Cassandra gave her a reassuring smile and left the room. 
The door closed and Talia's eyes moved over the space. Chairs, cabinets with glass doors so she can see boxes inside. On the opposite wall was a table with various jars, containers, spoons, and a small weighing scale. Talia guessed those are for mixing the medicine. 
Talia had a feeling that someone was watching her, but no matter how much she looked around, she didn't see any cameras. However, that didn't mean they didn't have them. She remembered the latest cameras Damon installed in the packhouse. They were tiny and came in various colors to blend in with the surroundings. Unless one looked carefully and knew what to look for, it was nearly impossible to see them. 
Talia leaned over Damon and put her forehead on top of his. 
"Wake up, Damon…", she called, her voice barely above a whisper. "We are in the Midnight Guardians pack. I don't know if that was the right thing to do, but I believe they can help you. Please, wake up. I need you…" 
- - - 
When Meg returned to take Talia for lunch, Talia was not willing to leave Damon's side, but she knew that Meg was right. She needed to eat, and a walk would do her good. In addition to that, she needed to explore this place. Something told her that she should come up with exit strategies. 
"If anything changes, they will let us know.", Meg assured her. 
Talia was surprised that Meg led the way down another hallway, and Talia wondered if the Midnight Guardians pack was completely underground. Is that why no one knows where they are? 
Meg chatted about her life with Kai, and how she was training with him to be a Beta once Axel takes over as the Alpha. Meg was visibly excited. 
"What does your family say about it?", Talia asked. 
Meg's smile stiffened. "They still don't know. I mean, Axel told them that I'm mated to his future Beta and that I will be in touch when I can. I'm sure that my mother is happy to know that my mate is not from the Lightclaw pack, but still… she is probably worried." 
Talia wanted to ask Meg about her plans to visit her family, but by then they were in a big space with many tables and benches for people to sit. There was a line where people stood with trays in their hands, and the scent of various foods permeated the air, making the whole space look like a cafeteria. 
Windows were high on the walls, with the same dim lighting Talia saw in her room and in the room where Damon was, and she suspected that this is some artificial lightning. They were truly underground. 
"Come…", Meg tugged on Talia's arm. "Kai and the guys are already there." She gestured to the left, and Talia saw Axel, Kai, and Tyler sitting at a table and waving at them. 
Talia followed Meg's example and took a tray to stand in the line. 
Talia noticed many curious gazes on her, but she knew it was because she was a new face. 
The line moved slowly, and Talia thought of using this opportunity to get some information. 
"I see you can control your ability." 
"Yes.", Meg responded enthusiastically. "Actually, I'm still practicing to control my strength, but I am confident that I won't break stuff accidentally." 
"And you are not glowing anymore.", Talia stated the obvious. "How long did it take you to get the hang of that?" 
Meg puffed her cheeks. "At least a week for the energy to stop showing, and then two more weeks so that I don't blow up stuff accidentally." 
Talia gaped at Meg. "Did you say, three weeks?" 
Meg bobbed her head. "Give or take a day." 
"But… It's only been a few days since you left the Dark Howlers pack." 
Meg's mouth formed a big O when she realized, "No one told you. Time here passes differently."
###Chapter 457 In the Midnight Guardians pack (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 457 In the Midnight Guardians pack (3) [Bonus chapter]
Talia's ears perked up when Meg said that time passes here differently. "How differently?" 
"A day outside is about a month in the Midnight Guardians pack." 
Talia stared at Meg while processing this information. 
From Talia's perspective, Meg left two-three days ago, yet for Meg that was two-three months. No wonder Meg was so sad when she said how she didn't visit her family. She really missed them, yet they saw it only as a few days of separation. For them, she would still be in the Dark Howlers pack for training. 
Talia was relieved to think that Maya and Caden will not freak out about her and Damon's absence. They had three days, and since Talia and Damon were here, that would be three months. Why didn't they come here for their little escape? 
Talia's mood dropped when she reminded herself that Damon was unconscious, and it was uncertain if they will face trouble when they decide to leave this place. 
Meg mentioned a portal and there might be more things to consider. Talia took a mental note to slowly probe for information, without being too obvious about it. If she learned anything about the Midnight Guardians pack so far, that was how they were secretive. 
Meg and Talia reached the serving area, and Talia took salad, fried chicken, and corn on the cob. There were many options, and Talia was confident that Damon would take steak and cut it for her. She really missed him. 
"Make sure you take chocolate pudding…", Meg said while putting one cup on Talia's tray. "They are the best." 
Talia looked sadly at the pudding. She could smell the cocoa and it reminded her of Damon. 
"Are you alright?", Meg asked. 
"Yes, yes." Talia didn't want to explain. "Thank you." 
… 
"How are you feeling?", Axel asked Talia when she and Meg joined them at the table. 
Talia's expression stiffened when she remembered that Axel knocked her out with some drug. OK. Maybe it was Alpha Isaac, but Axel was right there, allowing it to happen, and he didn't even warn her. 
"Fine.", she responded curtly. 
Axel realized that Talia's fine was not fine. "I apologize…" 
"No need.", Talia cut him off. "Apology won't fix anything. If you are truly sorry about something, don't do it again." 
Talia choked on her words as they reminded her of Damon. It was like he was standing right behind her and saying those same words while enveloping her in his presence. Her heart ached, and she really wanted to go back by his side. But she knew that skipping meals won't do good to anyone, so she started eating quickly. 
"If it makes any difference…", Axel said carefully. "What we did was a standard protocol. It's for the protection of the pack and you. I promised that you won't be separated from Damon, and I made sure that doesn't happen." 
Talia picked up the hidden meaning behind Axel's words. "Someone wanted me to be apart from him?" 
"Only people who need help stay in the center.", Axel responded. "Think of it as a hospital. If you are healthy, you can't stay there." 
Talia felt a little guilty. Axel seemed sincere, and she was sure that he had his own share of challenges. 
"Thank you, Axel.", Talia said and resumed stuffing salad into her mouth. 
"What do you think about our pack, Talia?", Tyler asked. 
She swallowed before responding, "I don't have an opinion. I've seen the center where Damon is and this place." 
"That's not much.", Kai said. "After dinner, we will go for a run to stretch our paws. Join us." 
Talia understood that they will go outside and run in their wolf forms. She really wanted to get out from wherever she was, but then she remembered that she can't shift into her wolf form. "I will definitely join you for dinner. And after that, we will see." 
"You should…" 
"She was being polite.", Meg cut off Tyler. "I'm sure that Talia will rather be with her mate than anywhere else." 
Tyler cleared his throat awkwardly and focused on the food in front of him. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Later that evening, Axel came to see how Damon was doing. 
"Talia left?", Axel asked Cassandra. 
"About one hour ago. She fell asleep, and we carried her back to her room." 
Axel thought how that was odd. "Why did you carry her?" 
"The herbs in the room are like tranquilizers.", Cassandra said with a knowing smile. "I told her not to stay more than an hour at a time, but she insisted." 
Axel pursed his lips. He wanted to check on Damon, but he was also hoping to see Talia. She barely spoke during dinner, and he wanted to see if Talia will loosen up in private. But if she was asleep, he will need to wait for the morning. 
The door behind Axel opened, and he turned to see his parents. 
"Tell us.", Alpha Isaac said to Cassandra as soon as Alpha Sophia closed the door behind them. 
Cassandra glanced at Axel and Alpha Isaac waved at her to go ahead. "As the future Alpha, Axel should know that sometimes we make difficult decisions for the sake of the pack." 
Axel frowned at these words. What did that mean? 
Cassandra turned to look through the window at Damon. "His condition is the same. He is currently taking three times the maximum dose, yet his power is not diminishing. It's like a bottomless pit." 
"What do you suggest?", Alpha Isaac asked. 
"It depends on what you want to achieve.", Cassandra responded. 
Alpha Isaac's eyes glazed, and Axel was alerted. Why did they switch to a mind-link? 
"I want to know what's going on.", Axel demanded. 
Cassandra nodded and responded, "Medications won't work. We need to use black runes." 
Axel sucked in a sharp breath. They use those for prisoners, to suppress their magic abilities. "Alpha Damon is in the process of awakening his powers. Black runes might cripple him." 
"Use your head, Axel.", Alpha Isaac said sternly. "He is not responding to medications. That should tell you how powerful he will be if he gets ahold of the powers he is currently absorbing. Damon is already the strongest Alpha. Do you really want him to get into a position where he can single-handedly decide the fate of werewolves as a society?" 
"I understand, but…" 
"There are no buts, Axel.", Alpha Sophia said from the side. "Everyone knows that Alpha Damon is impulsive. What will you do if one day he decides to go after our pack? He already knows our secrets. Do you think he will leave us alone or make us do his bidding? Will you be willing to stay under his thumb? All-out war will only cause casualties. By acting now, we are preventing future catastrophe." 
Axel rubbed his forehead while struggling to accept this. He knew that the words of his parents made sense, but Talia called him for help, she trusted him, and... can he disappoint her again? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 458 In the Midnight Guardians pack (4)
Chapter 458 In the Midnight Guardians pack (4)
Anxiousness and guilt were swelling in Axel about the things that were yet to happen. He had to try something. Anything. 
"Wouldn't it be better if we try to build a good relationship with Alpha Damon? Didn't you tell me that he is trustworthy? As the most powerful Alpha, he can help hide our secret, or maybe we don't need to hide anymore under his protection." 
"Your idealism is admirable, Axel. But history teaches us that powerful ones seek more power.", Alpha Sophia said. "People easily get drunk on power and think they became gods." 
Axel couldn't deny that, but… "What about Talia? Did you forget that she might be the child from the prophecy? She won't approve of this. They are mates." 
"No one will know.", Cassandra said. "Talia is sleeping, and this will be done by morning. Even if she suspects that something is off, she won't know what's going on. When Alpha Damon awakens, we will say that we did all we could." 
"You mean, IF he awakens.", Axel hissed. 
"Mortality rate is very low. I believe he will survive.", Cassandra responded. 
"Don't argue with him.", Alpha Isaac said to Cassandra. "Start with preparations and let us handle Axel." 
Cassandra nodded and got busy with some things, and Alpha Isaac turned to Axel. "As an Alpha, you need to put your pack first." 
"I understand your point but that doesn't mean I agree with it." 
Alpha Isaac frowned. "Are you opposing us?" 
Axel exhaled in frustration. "Why is it always with you or against you? Why can't we explore other possibilities before doing something drastic?" 
Alpha Sophia took Axel's hand in hers and gave him a squeeze. "Being an Alpha is an honor and responsibility. You should know when it's time to think, and when you need to act decisively. Your father and I did many things we didn't like personally, but our pack is safe and that's what matters." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Talia… Talia…", Meg's urgent voice sounded, and Talia mumbled as she was shaken awake. "Snap out of it. We need you. Damon needs you." 
Talia coughed at the sour smell that invaded her senses. What was that? She blinked once, twice, and then her eyes sprang open. "What's going on with Damon?" 
It took her a moment to realize that Meg and Axel were in her room. How did she find herself here? Did she fall asleep on the chair next to Damon? 
Talia's mind was fuzzy ever since she arrived at that Dark Howlers pack and she wondered if they did something to her. She was trying to figure out their current situation, and find how to leave this place, but it was difficult to focus. 
Meg opened her mouth to speak, but Axel put his hand on Meg's shoulder, indicating that he will explain. 
'THUD!' 
Talia was shocked when Axel plopped on his knees. 
"Please, forgive me, Talia. I didn't think it will come to this." 
Talia didn't get it. "What happened? Is Damon alright?" 
"He is fine, but not for long.", Axel said. "They are afraid that he is too powerful, and they want to suppress him with a procedure that can cripple him. We need to hurry." 
Talia swallowed hard. Was this really happening? 
A strange sense of calm descended on her like she was watching all this and it didn't involve her. 
'We need to hurry!', Liseli spoke in Talia's mind, and Talia could feel panic swelling within her. 
'Wait. Wait. They lied and manipulated us from the beginning.' And it was all her fault. 'Acting without thinking will only get us in more trouble.' 
'But what if he is right?', Liseli asked. 
'I'm not saying Axel is lying. I just want to understand the situation first. The last thing we want is to break some rules and give them a reason to imprison us. We are strong, but we don't know how many of them are out there and what they can do.' 
Liseli agreed with this. 
"I assume you have a plan.", Talia said. 
"It's not much, but…", Axel swallowed hard. "Tyler will cut off the security feed. That should buy us a few minutes. Meg will blast that place open and make a mess, and you will take Damon out. Kai is waiting outside to lead you to a hiding place. You will need to stay low for some time while we leave trails as if you are going for the portal. Once the coast is clear, we will help you get out." 
"You want me to take Damon and hide? But he is unwell.", Talia said. 
"I will give you medicine we use to stabilize the newly awakened ones. I don't know if it will work and to what degree, but if we leave him where he is now, he will definitely be harmed." 
Talia looked at Axel skeptically. Other than wanting her to come to the Midnight Guardians pack, he didn't show willingness for anything else. Was this a plot to get her in trouble? Or to get Damon in trouble? And there was also... "Won't this get you in trouble?" 
"Not if we do this right.", Axel said. "The official version is that you went to see Damon and suspected that something is wrong, so you caused a commotion which triggered his ability and things exploded. My parents are set to keep this a secret, so only Cassandra is there, and you will inject her with this…" Axel showed a syringe in his hand. "This causes a short-term memory loss and the person becomes susceptible to suggestions, so Cassandra will confirm the story how it was only you and Damon, and that you are running to the portal." 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. "Your parents want to harm Damon?" 
Axel exhaled helplessly. "Please, understand. They believe that they are doing what's best for the pack." 
"And you?", Talia asked stiffly. "Why are you doing this?" 
"I won't be able to sleep peacefully knowing that a person was harmed when there was a chance for another way." 
Somehow, Talia could feel his sincerity and she knew he meant it. 
Talia smiled a little and cupped Axel's cheek with her palm. "You are going to be a good Alpha, Axel." 
"There is no need for formalities between us, Talia. I think of you as my sister.", he blurted out. 
"That's sweet.", Talia said honestly. "Family is not defined by blood connections. Family is made of people who stand by your side when you need it." 
Axel wanted to say how he believes that she really is his sister or at least half-sister, but before he could say anything, Talia jumped on her feet and asked, "How do we do this?" 
And just like that, Axel's opportunity to tell Talia his theory was gone. 
"We need to catch Cassandra by surprise. She has ways to prevent us from acting.", Meg said. She was nervous but also excited to do this. Meg was training for months (literally), and this will be the first chance for her to use her abilities for real. But she also didn't want to hurt Cassandra, at least not seriously, so she will need to control her power. "Tyler is waiting for us to give him a sign to shut down the security feed…" 
"Do you have security in the room?", Talia asked. 
Axel shook his head. "Not in the room. They don't want to leave records about what's going on in there. But there are cameras in the hallways. Tyler cut off the feed temporarily so that Meg and I can come here. I will go and distract my mother while you take Damon out." He glanced at Meg. "Remember to use mind-link only in emergencies and talk in code. My parents might be listening." 
"You will be with your parents?", Talia didn't like this. "Wouldn't it be better if you come with us and help us carry Damon?" 
Axel shook his head. "My mother has the ability to see things. That's why even though there are no cameras, she knows what's going on in restricted areas. She is watching." 
Talia shuddered at this. She had a feeling of eyes on her, but she didn't see anything. 
Axel was still explaining, "My mother's ability requires full focus, and she needs to know where to look. I will be with her and distract her until Meg and Tyler confirm that you made a safe distance from here. Stay in the hideout. Don't come out until one of us tells you it's safe. You will have water, food, and blankets there…" 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 459 In the Midnight Guardians pack (5)
Chapter 459 In the Midnight Guardians pack (5)
Talia and Meg were in Talia's room, both looking at each other in silence and waiting for a sign they can move. 
"Talia?", Meg called in a whisper, like she was afraid that someone will overhear her. "I didn't thank you for your help back there. Kai told me what you did when we left the Dark Howlers pack." 
"Don't mention it.", Talia responded, tense nerves made her voice choppy. Thinking that Damon was in danger, yet they were just sitting there was driving her nuts. "Do you know how long until we can move?" 
Meg shrugged. "Axel needs to distract his mother and make it look natural." 
Talia nodded in understanding. The silence was pressing on her ears, and she needed a distraction. "Are all buildings here underground?" 
"Most of them.", Meg said. "At first, I thought it was strange, werewolves love free outdoors. But then Kai told me how that's their way of not disturbing nature. We can go out anytime so it's not a big deal." 
"Tell me about this place. Talk to me about your training. Just talk…", Talia demanded, and Meg obeyed. 
They both knew that the longer they delay, the further Cassandra was with whatever she was doing, but rushing recklessly will only get them caught and not help Damon. 
… 
Cassandra finalized the last rune on the floor with black chalk, completing the mysterious circle that she had drawn around the stone platform where Damon was surrounded by unlit candles. 
She raised her arms up looking at the ceiling that had a skylight revealing dark purple sky above. The Moon was getting into the position to be fully visible through that long, narrow opening. 
"Bless me, oh, Moon Goddess…", Cassandra spoke with a fervent expression of worshiping and pain. "One shouldn't have too much power. I am doing your bidding to save your children who turn to darkness when they have too much power, preventing a big disaster from happening…" 
With one sway of her hand, numerous candles that were around Damon lit up and the stone platform hummed. In the next moment, the silvery light started flowing toward black runes much faster than compared to when it went straight into the ground. 
Damon's head tilted backward, and veins popped on his neck as suppressed growl formed in his throat. 
Cassandra swayed her arms up in the air and hummed unintelligible chants, her eyes rolled at the back of her head as she fell into a trance. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Meg opened the door and after a quick glance, she confirmed that Cassandra was not in the small hallway. 
"Crap!", Meg exclaimed angrily when she saw that Cassandra was doing the ritual. "I hope we are not too late…" 
Meg was surprised when she saw Talia moving faster than she could follow with her eyes. 
Cassandra was chanting and her mouth opened in shock when someone gripped her neck. 
"Stop this!", Talia hissed while lifting Cassandra off the ground with one hand. 
Cassandra wiggled her legs and tried to break free from Talia's hold. She didn't understand how can such a skinny girl be so strong. 
"You can't stop this.", Cassandra struggled to talk. "This is the will of the Moon Goddess. He stepped on the path of darkness and needs to be purified." 
Talia turned to see Meg sheepishly observe the stone platform where Damon was lying. 
"I read about these.", Meg said while gesturing toward black runes drawn on the ground. "Whoever gets into the circle will be impacted. This is the first time I see such a complex pattern. Normally, they are used to suppress powers, but I think that this is much stronger than that." 
Talia's heart clenched when she realized that some of those runes were flickering over Damon's body and he was frowning. Was he in pain? 
Talia looked at Cassandra whose face was turning purple now. She flicked her hand and Cassandra plopped on the ground, gasping for air. 
"Stop this!", Talia demanded. 
"I can't. No one can until it's done. It's the Moon Goddess…" 
"LIES!", Talia screamed and her whole body glowed in silver, making Cassandra and Meg squint. 
Cassandra groaned under the pressure that Talia released, feeling like her insides were being squeezed to the point of nearly bursting. 
Talia looked up at the skylight that was now showing the Moon fully, the moonlight giving her a power boost. "Do you think that the Moon Goddess will allow for something like this to happen?" 
Cassandra stared at Talia like she was growing a second head. 
Talia's whole body was illuminated, and even her hair sparkled silvery while flowing behind her without any wind. She looked like a Goddess that descended to Earth. 
Talia turned to Damon and started walking while Liseli urged her to hurry. With one thought, all candles around Damon were extinguished. As Talia stepped on a black rune, it disappeared from there with a sizzle. 
"Be careful…", Meg said pleadingly. If Talia ended up sucked up in that cruel ritual, they would be doomed. With Talia breaking the circle of black runes, the light stopped flowing toward the black runes and was steadily pulsating toward the ground, but one can't be too careful. 
Meg released the breath she was holding when she confirmed that Talia was not affected. 
"Come, Damon. It's time to go home…", Talia said while putting her hands under his armpits and lifting him into a seated position. 
She remembered how much she struggled to put those shorts on him, yet how she lifted him with ease like he was a child. She wondered if this was the effect of his mark on her. It was invisible, but Talia could feel that it was there. 
Talia beckoned Meg to come and give her a hand. Damon was big for her but then... Meg was only slightly taller than Talia. This obviously required team effort. 
Meg gingerly approached and took Damon's arm to wrap around her shoulders and they pulled him away from that platform. 
Talia held half of Damon's weight on her shoulder, and she turned to Cassandra. 
"You speak of the Moon Goddess, yet you don't know her." 
Cassandra's chin trembled. Silver strands of light danced around Talia's form, like electricity that could discharge with deadly sparks at any moment. 
"The Moon Goddess loves when her children grow strong. Who are you to take that away?" 
Cassandra scrambled backward until her back hit the wall. "It was an order from the Alpha." 
"Keep telling that to yourself." 
"Talia? We should go. Inject her with that stuff.", Meg reminded Talia that they were in a hurry. 
"No. I want her to remember.", Talia said sternly and leaned to stare into Cassandra's petrified eyes. "Remember that even when one turns to darkness, there will always be light to lead him to the right path. But if you give in to the darkness and refuse to see the light, no one will save you. No one." 
Talia extended her hand and pointed her index finger at Cassandra's forehead. 
Cassandra's body flashed in silver for a moment, and then the woman slumped on the ground. 
"What did you do?", Cassandra asked Talia shakily. 
"I took away your power." 
"What? No!" She was waving frantically, but nothing happened. She groaned in frustration and desperation. "Please. I need my power." 
Talia smirked. "It will come back if the Moon Goddess finds you worthy. If you tell anyone what you saw here, your powers will never come back." She pointed at the skylight. "The Moon Goddess is watching. Start praying." 
Cassandra pushed herself to sit and she prostrated herself while mumbling prayers that only she understood. And maybe the Moon Goddess. 
She didn't react when Talia and Meg left the room with Damon in hurry. 
"Can you turn off the glowing?", Meg asked Talia in a hushed voice. "Someone will see us from a mile away..." 
Talia smiled and rubbed her cheek on Damon's shoulder. She had no idea what awaits them at the end of that hallway, but she was glad that Damon was with her. Talia made a silent vow to never let go of him, no matter what. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 460 Hideout (1)
Chapter 460 Hideout (1)
Meg lead Talia through numerous twists and turns before the last tunnel narrowed and curved to become an opening between two rocks. 
Once Meg and Talia stepped out with Damon between them, they found themselves in the dark lush forest. 
"Good that you are out…", Kai called in an urgent whisper while making his way toward them. "Stay low. We don't want to risk being seen." 
After giving Meg a quick kiss, Kai got on his knee, and they hoisted Damon for Kai to carry piggyback style. 
Talia turned to see from where they emerged. The opening between two rocks looked natural, and if she didn't know that was the entrance to a network of underground tunnels and dwellings, she would just walk by it without noticing it. 
She wondered how many such entry points exist. Many, probably. 
Talia walked behind Kai and her eyes were trained on Damon's listless body. Her brows came together whenever she saw a black pattern slithering over his skin and she hoped that it was not permanent. 
Liseli was growing restless, they had no idea what those runes were doing to Damon, but they could guess it was nothing good. However, this was not the time to act rashly. 
'We need to pay attention and not get caught. Everything else will come later. Damon and Sapa are strong. Believe in them…', Talia coxed her wolf. 
Everyone was tense. This was not a game. 
Talia looked up to see tall trees with canopies connecting to block the sky completely, deepening the darkness that clung stubbornly as the dawn cracked in the face of the sunrise. Luckily, neither of them had issues with seeing where they were going. 
The thick tree trunks were surrounded by bushes with occasional patches of grass and wildflowers that filled the air with a sweet fragrance. Talia spotted numerous rare plants she read about in books that Travis gave her, and it was beautiful, but Talia was not in a mood to appreciate any of that. 
Part of Talia feared that this might be another trap. At the same time, she hoped that her instincts were right, that Meg and Kai were trustworthy, that Tyler did his part as expected, and that Axel was not watching all this with his parents like it's a twisted survival show. 
On a few occasions, they stopped and listened, and then they would take a sudden turn like they were avoiding something. 
Talia lost track of time as they navigated through the dense foliage. 
Her anxiety was increasing because Damon was not showing signs of waking up, and his body seemed to twitch unnaturally whenever those black runes flickered on his skin. She wondered how far their destination was, wishing that it was close so that she can check on Damon properly, but also wishing that they keep moving as far as possible from that wretched place where Cassandra tried to harm Damon. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Eventually, Kai stopped in his tracks. He turned to glance in all directions before ducking between two bushes on his right and his form disappeared together with Damon who was on his back. 
Talia followed after him to find herself in a low tunnel that was wide enough for one person to pass without squeezing. Talia was half-bent while walking toward the beam of light ahead. 
Eventually, the tunnel widened into a cave that twisted to the right. The cave walls were made of dark rocks with patches of moss, and the light seeped in through the opening that was on the high ceiling. 
At the far end, there was a crude bed made of dried grass and leaves and two backpacks. A wide rock was sticking on the right and it had logs of various sizes stacked on it, obviously to build a fire in the circular area where the ground was charred. 
Kai groaned while lowering Damon on the bed, and Talia rushed to help him. 
As soon as Damon was down, Talia ran her hands over his face, feeling his temperature was high. 
"He is burning up." Talia suppressed a sob that was stuck in her throat. 
"It's time for the medicine…", Meg said and moved toward one of the two backpacks. 
"Is this your place where you come in case of emergency?", Tala asked while looking around, trying to distract herself so that she doesn't start crying in front of Kai and Meg. 
Backpacks were there when they arrived, and it was obvious that this cave was used before. 
"Axel prepared these. I brought them here.", Kai said. "There is food to last you a week; dried fruits, cheese, and meat mostly." He gestured toward the left. "There, you will find a tunnel that opens to a small area that has a stream; water is safe for drinking. You have wood there and feel free to light a fire if you want." He pointed up at the opening through which daylight seeped in. "This tunnel branches while going up, so smoke will split and won't be visible. There are dry herbs next to the wood, put some in the fire to conceal the scent of smoke." 
Meg found what she was looking for, and she said to Talia, "Watch me do it, so you can do it later." 
Talia observed as Meg opened a light green bottle and used a syringe to measure the right amount of whitish liquid before injecting it into Damon's bicep. 
"This will stabilize him, but for the most part, he needs to endure while absorbing the power.", Kai explained while looking at Damon with eyes full of awe. "This is more than any of us ever received, and the medication is barely working. I can't imagine how powerful he will be when the process is done." 
Talia didn't think this was time to admire Damon's strength, as another black rune flashed on the left side of his ribs. "What are those?" 
Kai pressed his lips into a line as he realized that they might have a problem. "I'm not sure. Black runes prevent us from using our powers. It's normally used for criminals while on trial or during imprisonment. However, the runes are drawn around the area where the person is, they don't transfer onto the body like that." 
"The pattern Cassandra drew was different from what I saw in books.", Meg said. "These rituals usually require several healers to ensure nothing goes wrong. I don't think Cassandra was just blocking Alpha Damon's powers. I believe that her goal was… more than that." 
"I can't believe our Alphas approved. That goes against everything they taught us.", Kai stopped talking abruptly when he saw Talia's expression stiffening in rage. 
"Hey…", Meg called softly while putting her hand on Talia's shoulder. "Medicine is keeping him stable which means he will be alright. He only needs time. I'm sorry but we need to go. I'm sure that Alphas know by now that you and Alpha Damon are missing, but they will not start a full-blown search because they want to conceal what happened. However, with the morning coming, people will notice our absence." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 461 Hideout (2)
Chapter 461 Hideout (2)
Talia suppressed the tsunami of emotions and turned to look at Meg and Kai. "Now what?" 
Kai responded, "One of us will come when it's safe to bring you more food and news but be prepared that it might be days. We can't risk someone suspecting that you are here." 
"How many people know about this place?", Talia asked. 
"It's me, Meg, Tyler, and Axel. We found this place years ago and would come here occasionally to hang out. It was like our hideout. Meg and I use this place when we want solitude during a run." His eyes shifted to Meg who smiled at him as they remembered some frisky scenes. 
Kai cleared his throat and continued talking to Talia, "I never picked up any other scent. But just in case… stay here in the back. Alphas won't alert everyone of your absence, but someone will be searching." 
Talia didn't know the details, but she was aware that Meg and Kai were knowingly working against their Alphas, which meant against their pack. 
A sliver of doubt shot through her mind. Why were they risking so much for her and Damon? Was it just because she helped Meg once or was there more to it? 
In any case… "Thank you.", Talia said to Kai and Meg. 
Kai's expression hardened. "Thank us when we get you out of here. Until then, sit tight." 
"If we get out of here, then what?", Talia asked dejectedly. Will Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia allow them to just be? 
"WHEN you get out of here, you will be safe.", Kai said with confidence. "Our primary directive is to conceal our powers. No one will go after you if that means risking exposure. Since both you and Alpha Damon have abilities, you should not use them openly in order to avoid being hunted. There are people who will do anything to get ahold of your powers, use them for their benefit, or maybe dissect you in the hope to replicate them. Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia will count on that fear to keep you in check, and they will leave you alone." 
"How can you be so sure?", Talia asked. 
"I heard rumors about people who left.", Kai said. "We are warned about dangers, and Alphas are controlling who can get in and out of our territory. However, no one went after those few that sneaked out. Both you and Alpha Damon are high-profile individuals. Going against you would attract attention and we don't want that." 
Talia knew that Kai was giving her a pep talk. It sounded good, but even though an open confrontation was not an option, secret plots were definitely a possibility. 
"Don't lose hope.", Meg said to Talia seriously. "This is temporary. Alphas will be looking at the portal because Tyler left traces in that direction and rubbed your clothes to leave your scent. Alphas will assume that you left. We will find a way to get you out. Until then, try to rest and stay close to Alpha Damon. Your proximity will help him recover." 
After saying the last few words of caution and encouragement, Meg and Kai left the cave and Talia found herself in silence that was disturbed by faint trickling sounds she guessed was a small stream of water Kai mentioned. 
She released a long breath and looked at Damon who seemed to be in deep peaceful sleep. Medicine was working, and that allowed Talia to relax a bit. 
A black rune flashed on his right shoulder, looking like a tattoo, and Talia remembered a hot afternoon on the beach when silly Alpha asked her to draw something on him with a permanent marker. His smile was brighter than the sun while she doodled a bird that turned ugly, yet Damon wanted to make a tattoo out of it because he thought that she likes them. 
"Silly man…", Talia said and released a shaky breath while pushing an unruly strand of raven black hair from his forehead. "It's not about the tattoo. It was never about anything other than you." 
A tear rolled down her cheek. Kai and Meg didn't tell her, but she knew that Damon might be crippled, they had no idea if he will wake up, he was tortured, and it was all her fault. 
The strong, cheeky, caring, and overbearing Alpha was now unconscious, and the only thing she could do was wait and hope for the best. 
Her body shook as the anxiety, fear, dejection, and anger rolled through her in waves, threatening to unhinge her. 
She suppressed her urge to go back there and crush this whole damned place into smithereens. 
Would she have enough power to do that? Will they catch her and put some restrictions on her before she can make real damage? But even if she has an infinite amount of power and no one stops her from wreaking havoc, it won't change the fact that Damon was like that because she marked him and because she made wrong decisions. What kind of Luna puts her mate in danger? 
Talia released a slow breath while telling herself that the only thing that matters is Damon, and everything else will need to wait. 
She laid next to Damon on the crude bed and snuggled close, hoping that her proximity will help him snap out of it. 
The sparks that prickled her skin where they touched told her that Damon was there, alive, and she inhaled his scent that reminded her of her favorite things: forest, dark chocolate, and Damon. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Kitten...", a familiar deep voice called and Talia's heart swelled at the sight of icy-blue eyes that looked at her with endless love. 
"I really want to kiss you, but I fear that you won't like it. I fear that you will reject me. Tell me, kitten, can I kiss you?" 
Her insides melted. He was so gentle and caring and nervous, and she loved him more. How can she deny him the kiss? 
Before their lips connected, they were on the bed and he was pressing her hand against his bare chest. 
"There. You will get used to touching me in no time." 
Talia smiled at the cheeky Alpha. "Why would I get used to it?" 
His lopsided smile made her heart flip. "Your memory is flaky, Mrs. Blake. As my wife, I expect you to touch me. Everywhere." 
Before she could respond, the scene changed, and she ended up squatting next to the tub and washing Damon who was relaxing in the bubble bath. 
"You like this, don't you, kitten?" 
"No.", she lied. "Why would I like serving you?" 
"Serving me? This is your punishment, not a job. If you see it as a job, I should increase difficulty…" 
He yanked her hand and she fell into the tub where he was. Talia's heart rate increased. Not because of the sudden movement and intimacy, but because she knew that after this, he will remove her bra, and they will watch fireworks, and then… then he will carry her to bed and they will make love... for the first time. 
Every time with Damon was like the first time. 
Talia opened her eyes to find herself in a dark cave. Why was she wet? 
It took her a few seconds to realize where she was and why, and that the wet sensation was from Damon who was drenched in sweat. 
Talia scrambled to get the medicine. Meg told her that they are already overdosing him, so there was no set time when she should inject him with medicine, but to observe his condition. Damon's body was burning, and he was sweating profusely, so this was definitely the time. 
Talia cursed herself. Why did she fall asleep? 
With shaky hands, she opened the bottle, filled the syringe, and administered the injection. 
After keeping the things aside, she sat next to Damon and stroked his forehead while smiling sadly at the thought of her dream. It was their first kiss, their first intimate moments. He was always caring and intense and he put her first. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line and steeled her resolve while wiping the tears with the back of her palms. She wanted to be useful. She wanted to do whatever she could to help him. 
Talia tore a corner of the blanket and went to find that stream of water. She will start by washing Damon's body. It might not be much, but it will be something. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 462 The silent emergency (1)
Chapter 462 The silent emergency (1)
"Are you sure you had nothing to do with Alpha Damon's disappearance?", Alpha Isaac asked Axel sternly. 
Axel thought it was interesting that his parents were only concerned about Damon. What about Talia? They definitely knew she was also missing. Did they think Talia was not important? 
Axel looked to the side to see his mother. 
Alpha Sophia was staring out of the window absentmindedly, but the silver light in her eyes was a giveaway of her using the ability to search for Damon and Talia; sweeping through the hallways, rooms, and forest with the goal to spot them. 
"I was with mom. And just in case you forgot, you were there also.", Axel gave the same answer for the third time. 
Alpha Isaac narrowed his eyes at Axel. "Don't play with me. I didn't ask you if you were with Alpha Damon. I asked you if you had something to do with it. Why were you with Sophia in the middle of the night?" 
"I didn't think it was right to use black runes on Alpha Damon. I hoped we can find another solution, and since you told Cassandra to start right away, I didn't think that waiting for the morning was wise. I wanted to talk. I wanted to understand. I wanted…" 
"The truth!", Alpha Isaac cut him off angrily. 
Axel pressed his lips into a line. "It seems you are determined that I had something to do with it. Did you see me or any of my people on the security feed near that area?" 
Alpha Isaac glared at Axel. "Cameras don't show anything, but that's the strange part. How did Talia and Alpha Damon leave without any camera catching them?" 
Axel relaxed a bit. Tyler told him that he can alter security videos, and unless someone knows what to look for, the changes won't be detected. Alpha Isaac's displeasure about the lack of evidence confirmed to Axel that the operation was successful. Tyler will be an excellent Gamma. 
"If you have no evidence, why are you on my case? I should be the least suspect because my abilities didn't awaken, and I was with mom for nearly two hours before the anomaly was reported." Axel made a thoughtful expression. "Or did Cassandra say something? She was incompetent and she decided to shift the blame on me because she witnessed me challenging your decision to use black runes. Is that the case?" 
"She is not saying anything.", Alpha Isaac said and shoved a hand into his hair. 
"Then why are you here accusing me? Make her talk." 
Alpha Isaac shook his head. "She said it was the Moon Goddess." 
Axel blinked, looking genuinely surprised. "The Moon Goddess made them disappear? And you believe that?" 
"Of course, not!" 
Axel snorted. "Now I see why you are on my case. Cassandra's story doesn't make sense, so you decided that I did something." 
Alpha Isaac knew that Axel's argument was valid, but he also had a point. "Only the four of us knew what was about to happen. The timing of Alpha Damon's disappearance is too convenient to be accidental." 
Axel frowned at this father. "So, it's not you nor mother. Which leaves me and Cassandra. Considering that you are accusing me instead of her tells me all I need to know about where your trust is. Cassandra didn't accuse me, but you are." 
"Listen, Axel. This is important. Did you tell anyone about Cassandra using black runes on Alpha Damon?" 
"To whom would I talk about it? After we parted, I went to my room, but my nerves were acting out and I couldn't sleep so I went to seek my mother. I told you that already. Why are we having this conversation? Cassandra was right there when it happened. Force her to tell the truth. Or do you believe it was the Moon Goddess?", Axel said mockingly and when Alpha Isaac's expression didn't change, Axel looked at him in disbelief. 
"You actually believe Cassandra's story. But you know that's impossible." 
"I know it sounds crazy but…", Alpha Isaac paused. 
"But?" 
"Alpha Damon and Talia are missing. Nothing is disturbed, it's like they disappeared into thin air. As for Cassandra, she lost her powers." 
Axel's expression was a pure shock as he processed this information. 
Didn't they agree that Meg will make a mess? The commotion would distract Cassandra long enough for Talia to inject her with the potion that causes short-term memory loss. How did they pull it off without disturbing anything? And there was the point, "Did you say that Cassandra has no powers?" 
Alpha Isaac confirmed. "She has no powers. I checked." 
They stood in silence for some time and Axel remembered the scene of Talia healing his father's arm. Her healing ability was top-notch, but even with that, he had a feeling that was not the only thing she could do. 
Does she have the ability to strip others of their powers? If she can do that, Talia will definitely become a target of the ones with powers, and the ones who seek them, which was nearly everyone. 
Talia definitely helped Meg that time in the car. Kai and Meg didn't tell him details, but both of them said how they owe Talia, and considering that Meg was stable during their ride, Axel could conclude with certainty that Talia is the one he should thank for keeping their secrets from outsiders. 
He thought how it's ironic that instead of thanking her, his parents are set on catching her, and then… Axel didn't know what the plan was. Did they want to imprison her? Use Alpha Damon as a bargaining chip to force Talia into obedience? And if Axel's hunch that Talia is his sister was correct, this whole thing would become morbidly disturbing because his parents would definitely know who Talia truly is. 
"Is Cassandra OK?", Axel asked, hoping to probe for more information. 
"How can she be OK? She is praying constantly, saying how her faith in the Moon Goddess was corrupted and that only by praying she can get her powers back." 
Axel had no clue what exactly happened, but the fact that his father was grilling him in the study, meant that Talia and Damon were really out, hopefully safe. 
Axel thought of reminding his father about one thing everyone conveniently forgot. "You know that this confirms my theory. This is not about Alpha Damon. This is about Talia. She IS the girl from the prophecy." 
Alpha Isaac's eyes flashed. Was it anger? Dejection? Axel wasn't sure. 
"So now you believe that Moon Goddess came for her?", Alpha Isaac asked. 
"Would you rather go with the theory of how I sneaked them out of here while I was with mother?", Axel asked flatly. "Talia is the child blessed by the Moon Goddess. By harming Damon, we would harm Talia, and the Moon Goddess couldn't allow it. That's why they disappeared. It's either that or they didn't leave the center at all. Talia went to the cafeteria several times. Maybe she spotted a storage room or an air vent where they could hide. I assume that you have people looking for them. How can I help?" 
"You want to help?", Alpha Isaac asked suspiciously. 
Axel nodded seriously. "Regardless of how I feel about the methods used, this concerns the safety of our pack. Once we catch them, we can see to mend our relationship with Talia. If she joins our pack willingly, we can only prosper." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 463 The silent emergency (2)
Chapter 463 The silent emergency (2)
Axel saw that his father's expression stiffened at the mention of Talia cooperating. Considering what happened, chances of that were close to nil, but he didn't want to sound like Talia was a danger to their pack. 
"I know Talia. She is a kind person, and I'm sure we can come to an agreement. But before that, we need to find them. Do we know if they are still here? Assuming that they managed to sneak out, they will be heading for the portal." 
"Unless someone told them about the portal, they wouldn't know where to go. They were both unconscious when we brought them here." Alpha Isaac reminded them. 
Axel cringed at his father's words. They said to Talia that she will be only blindfolded, but then they injected her with drugs. It was to conceal the location of the portal, but also to conceal his father's ability because Alpha Isaac can teleport not only himself but anyone else he touches. That's how they found themselves close to the portal within minutes, and then Alpha Isaac and Axel carried Talia and Alpha Damon through it before teleporting to the healing center where Cassandra joined them. 
However, Axel truly believed that Talia could find her way if she wanted to. 
"Talia is the child from the prophecy. She is under the protection of the Moon Goddess, and the Moon Goddess showed them the way." 
"Do you really think that's possible?", Alpha Isaac asked skeptically. 
Axel shrugged. "I'm sure that you saw many things you can't explain. Alpha Damon and Talia disappeared. I wouldn't reject the possibility of Talia having a way to conceal their presence and find a way out of here. If you want to find them, you will need as many people as possible without alerting the whole pack that we lost Alpha Damon and his mate. If our people knew this, they will start asking questions." 
"There is no need for you to act, Axel. Our best trackers are out there." 
Axel didn't like this. "You told our trackers? The news will spread." 
"They don't know who they are looking for. I only gave them scents and that they are looking for a male and a female who got lost. Their instructions are to not engage and to notify me immediately when they find them." 
Axel nodded in understanding. He really wanted to join the search party. That would give him the opportunity to move with an excuse that he is looking for Talia and Damon, and maybe check on them. But he didn't want to insist because he would normally stay out of such things. 
"Alright. I guess we all had a long night. I will grab breakfast and catch up on my sleep. Let me know if I can help." 
"Axel", Alpha Isaac called. "Don't talk about this with anyone." 
"Of course.", Axel responded, and with that, he left the study. 
Alpha Isaac looked at the door and his frown was deepening by the second. 
His instincts told him that Axel had something to do with this, but he couldn't do anything without evidence. 
Alpha Isaac checked on Tyler and Kai. Based on security feeds, Tyler and Kai stayed in their rooms the whole night. 
Was it really the Moon Goddess? He was not sure, but he knew that they let down Talia as a child, and now they did it again. Axel was optimistic in thinking that they can mend their relationship with Talia. Even if she was not aware of what happened two decades ago, she definitely knew that something was off this time. Why else would she go missing? 
… 
Axel went to the cafeteria to find Tyler, Kai, and Meg at the table. It was time for breakfast. 
Tyler was mostly pushing food on his plate, and Kai was feeding Meg and himself. 
They all ate in silence while thinking about how to convey the messages without anyone figuring out what they were up to. They were surrounded by people who had excellent hearing. Also, with Alpha Sophia's ability to see things, and Alphas being able to eavesdrop on mind-links, it was difficult to keep anything a secret. Someone was always watching. 
"Are you alright?", Tyler asked Axel. "You look like you didn't sleep much." 
"Alpha problems.", Axel responded. "There was a commotion last night. My parents are monitoring the situation, but so far there is nothing." 
Tyler, Kai, and Meg collectively exhaled in relief at this news. 
"If Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia say that there is nothing, then there is definitely nothing.", Kai said. "We are in capable hands." 
The four people at the table exchanged meaningful glances and they all relaxed as they shared an understanding that things went fine. They accomplished their tasks without getting caught. For now. 
Meg looked around. "I overslept this morning and I thought that Talia will come for breakfast. Should I go and check on her?" 
Axel stiffened at the mentioning of Talia, but then he understood that it would be unusual if they just ignored her absence. "Talia also had a long night. I'm sure she is resting. I will send food to her room later." 
"Poor girl.", Meg said. "I will ask her if she wants to join me for a stroll later. Some change of scenery will do her good." 
"We are prohibited from going out for runs until further notice.", Tyler said, getting everyone's attention. "The word is that someone disturbed bears who were getting ready to hibernate, so we need to give them a few days of peace to settle down and nature returns to normal. You didn't know this?" 
"Well, we know now.", Kai said. He and Meg closed off their mind-links in order to avoid detection until they returned home, so they missed the announcement. 
Axel also missed it because he was being interrogated by his father. 
They all knew this was just a coverup for people to stay inside so that scents don't mix, as selected soldiers are outside searching. 
Axel rubbed his forehead while thinking that this is not good. The order that restricts movements will last until they find their target or give up, and that can take a while. He felt the urgency to become part of the search teams, but how can he do that without arousing suspicion? He decided to think about it later. A full stomach and rest will allow him to think better. After all, Talia and Damon have provisions for at least a week, so he shouldn't act rashly. 
Axel wondered, how many of the previous restricted movement orders were just a coverup for silent emergencies like this one? 
This was the first time for them to have visitors like Talia and Damon, but every once in a while, an unmated member would lose patience and make a run for the portal in the hope to find his other half in the outside world. Alphas were very strict on who can go out. 
This whole realm was beautiful, and they had everything they would need, but in the end, it was just a jail that kept them from finding their mates. 
Axel and Tyler were also getting twitchy. They were both in their twenties, able to identify their mates, as long as they get close to them. 
Now that Kai found Meg, they could see what they were missing, and Kai teasing them about how he is the only man among them because he did the deed with Meg (many times), was not helping. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 464 Forgotten and abandoned
Chapter 464 Forgotten and abandoned
Talia's eyes snapped open when she felt movement next to her. 
Did she fall asleep again? Was this a dream? 
She was drifting in and out of restless sleep while looking after Damon, and it took her some time to confirm she was awake. 
Talia blinked to see up. It was daylight. She had no idea how much time passed, but she knew that she wiped Damon's body repeatedly and she lost count of how many times she administered the medicine. 
A low groan by her side got her attention. 
"Damon?", Talia called breathlessly. This groan didn't sound like a pain, but it was what that lazy one Damon makes when he is waking up. Was this really happening? 
"Damon?", she called again while getting on her knees next to him so she can see his face better. 
His lashes fluttered and she cupped his cheeks. "Damon…", her voice was shaky and overwhelmed with emotions. 
His eyes opened slowly, and he looked around in confusion. 
She patiently waited for him to focus on her. 
Their eyes met, and his brows furrowed. 
"What…?" His question was cut short when he coughed. 
"It's OK, Damon. Take it slowly.", Talia said with haste, her eyes brimming with tears that threatened to fall. "After marking, you didn't wake up. I panicked when you got a fever and I called Axel. We are in the Midnight Guardians pack but instead of helping you they tried to…" 
"Who are you?" 
Talia gaped at Damon. His words were like someone poured a bucket of icy water on her. "Are you serious?" 
He shook his head while frowning at her palms that were touching him and then he shoved her away. 
Talia didn't expect this, and she fell on her butt with a thud. 
"Damon?" 
He pushed himself into a seated position and observed the cave. "Where is this? Who are you? What did you do to me? Why can't I remember how I got here?" How long was he out? His memories of the last few weeks (or was it months?) were choppy like he was missing something important, and it left him unsettled. 
Talia's stomach dropped when she realized that Damon was serious. "I told you. We are in the Midnight Guardians pack. I am Talia. Don't you remember me?" 
He stood up and swayed. Talia swiftly got by his side to support him, but before she could reach him, he pushed her back with so much force that she made a few steps before losing her balance. 
She landed on her butt again and cried, "Aww!" This one hurt. 
"What did you do to me?", Damon asked through his teeth angrily. 
Talia's eyes brimmed with tears again, from the pain in her behind and from her aching heart. 
Was he joking? It would be a cruel joke. How was it possible that he doesn't remember her? 
'His neck!', Liseli spoke in Talia's mind and Talia spotted a black rune on the left side of his neck. 
"Damon…", Talia spoke in a shaky voice. "I brought you here to help you, but instead, the oracle cast a spell that made it worse." 
Damon sneered. "Oracle? You expect me to believe that?" 
"Why would I lie?" 
"Maybe because you are one of those leeches who want to be my Luna." 
"But…", she wanted to say how she is more than his Luna. They are mates! Can't he feel the bond? 
'I think the rune is blocking the bond, Talia. I can feel the bond, but it's weakened, and I have a feeling that Damon doesn't feel it at all. When that is clubbed with him not remembering who you are, it's normal that he doesn't trust you.' 
'What about Sapa?' 
'It's like he is sealed somewhere, alive, but I can't reach him. I can feel his power in Damon.' 
Talia's heart ached like a barbwire tightened around it. "Damon, please…" 
"Please, what? Do you expect me to believe you have good intentions when you are keeping me in a place like this? Did you enjoy touching me while I was unconscious? Remember that feeling because it will not happen. You are lucky I won't tear your limbs off but if you try to get close to me again, I might change my mind about it." 
Talia clenched her teeth and stumbled to her feet. Her butt really hurt, but she endured because she didn't want to look at him from the ground. 
She lifted her hands toward him, gesturing for him to be patient. "Damon, do you really don't remember anything? You found me in the Red Moon pack, and brought me home. We are mates. We…" 
Damon snorted. "Mates? You must be joking. If you thought that crazy story will work, think again. Since you are saying nothing by lies, there is no point in me lingering." 
Talia gaped at Damon as he turned toward the exit and started walking. 
"Wait!", she shouted, but he didn't listen. 
Talia tried using her aura to suppress him, but it had no effect. Damn! Mates can't hurt each other! 
"You can't go out there!", Talia shouted desperately. "Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia are looking for us and they don't have good intentions! Please! Let me explain! ARGH!" 
Talia limped after him, with every painful step cursing him and his nasty attitude. 
Overbearing! Stupid! Stubborn! Blockhead! 
'Stop, Talia.', Liseli spoke in her head. 'Let him go. You can't catch up to him like this and you are making your injury worse. Let me heal you first. Your tail bone is fractured.' 
With a frustrated exhale and a few more curses, Talia gave up. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia laid on the bed that Damon vacated and turned to find a comfortable position while Liseli healed her. 
Talia took a deep breath, Damon's scent was still fresh and it filled her lungs. Just a minute ago she was hopeful when she realized that he was waking up, and now... there was a lot of uncertainty. 
Tears rolled down her cheeks at the flashback of Damon looking at her like she was a stranger, and pushing her away. 
How the hell did that happen? What's the point of going after him if he doesn't remember her? 
'You are right.', Liseli said. 'There is no point in going after him. The rune did something, and unless we can reverse it, we will only anger him further if we insist.' 
'So, what do you suggest?', Talia asked dejectedly, and she choked on her sobs. 
'Why are you crying?', Liseli grumbled but she was sad as well. 
'Damon said that he will never leave me. He said if we are ever apart, he will turn heaven and earth to find me and he will never give up. He said that only a few days ago, yet he left already. He left on his own, abandoned me. I am dying, Liseli.' 
'Don't go there. This is just a spell, every spell has a way to reverse it. We only need to find a way to fix it.' 
Talia was clueless about spells and runes and whatever Cassandra did. 'What if we don't find it?' 
'Don't give up without trying.' 
'I'm not sure how much you witnessed from my past, but I will remind you that Damon is my rock. I can do anything with Damon by my side, and without him, I am just a scared girl who hides in the attic. How can I fix this when even your power doesn't reach him?' 
'Listen… We will find a way. There must be a way. My mother didn't send me back only to see Sapa leave me. She wouldn't do that.' 
Talia snorted. 'You really have faith in a person who tortured you for centuries by keeping you away from your other half while showing you images of him moving on.' 
Liseli whimpered. 'That was then, and this is now. I am not stuck in a different dimension. Sapa is right here, in my reach, and I will be damned if I don't do everything in my power to get him back. There is only one question, Talia. Do you want your mate back?' 
'Yes.', Talia responded without missing a beat. 
'Then, our path is decided…' 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 465 Meeting with the Alphas of the Midnight Guardians pack
Chapter 465 Meeting with the Alphas of the Midnight Guardians pack
Damon walked out of the cave and found himself in a dense forest. 
Trees, plants, scents… everything was unknown. This was not the Dark Howlers' territory. 
Damon didn't remember the girl he left behind in the cave, and even though her expression seemed sincere, maybe she was just a good actress. He always hated when women cry, like that will solve anything. 
She spoke like they had some history together, but he couldn't remember. And who would believe the nonsense that they are mates? Shouldn't there be attraction and sparks and his wolf should confirm that they are mates? There was none of that. 
'Old guy!', Damon called, but he got nothing in response. Useless wolf, showing up only when he feels like it. 
Damon frowned at the narrow entrance from where he emerged. He was born for the forest and freedom, but this was not his forest. 
Was this really the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack? 
He pursed his lips while thinking about his options. 
It is known that members of the Midnight Guardians pack are not kind to intruders, and if that girl brought him to the cave, they were definitely not welcome here. Who knows how many people conspired with that girl to keep him stuck in a cave? Why would they do that? Is this some ploy to keep him away from his pack while they attack the Dark Howlers pack? 
His skin crawled in need to go home. 
Damon remembered the intelligence documents that spoke of a portal that separates the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack from the rest of the world. That portal is the reason why no one knows exactly their location and size. As much as this was a good opportunity to scout and gather information, he had no idea how long that girl held him there, and if he was away for more than a few days, the Dark Howlers pack might be in danger. 
But how could he leave? Should he go back and ask that girl for directions? 
He rejected the idea. There was no guarantee she would tell him the truth, and he didn't want to deal with a weeping woman. 
He thought of something. A portal would cause disturbance in the energies and if Damon taps into his wolf's powers, he might be able to sense the location of the exit. 
It took him only a few seconds to look to his right, and then he moved stealthily that way. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Axel rushed toward his father's study. 
Since Talia and Damon escaped, Axel was mostly in his room, listening to various mind-links in the hope to get some information. There was nothing. He also checked on Cassandra, but she was only praying and avoiding all other duties. Her helpers believed that she was on the verge of some epiphany or developing a new way to strengthen one's soul, but Axel knew that this was Cassandra grasping the straws in the hope to regain her powers. 
Three days. For three days, there was nothing, and now Axel overheard that a young woman was brought in, wanting to talk to Alphas. Was that Talia? If it was, then, where was Damon? Or did something horrible happen to him and Talia came to seek revenge while disregarding her safety? 
His stomach dropped at the sight of two warriors standing at the door. They never guard this place. 
"Are my parents inside?", Axel asked warriors. 
Both warriors nodded in unison, and one said, "I apologize, future Alpha Axel, but our orders are that no one should disturb them." 
Axel lifted his chin proudly. "I am the future Alpha. If they have any problems with me coming, I will handle it. Now move aside." 
Axel didn't have his powers, but he had his Alpha aura and a helluva lot of pride. 
After a moment of hesitation, two warriors moved to make way, and Axel put his hand on the handle while silently praying that Talia was not inside. 
"Talia", Axel called in disbelief when he saw the familiar face. She was sitting on the sofa, with Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac facing her from the sofa chairs, their backs facing the door. 
Axel moved swiftly to sit by her side. "Are you alright? Where is Damon?" 
Talia shook her head. "I don't know where he is. I came here because I want to talk to Cassandra. I need to know about black runes." 
"Nothing good comes out of black magic.", Alpha Sophia said, and she groaned when Talia cocked an eyebrow at her. 
"They refuse to summon the oracle.", Talia said. "I would rather not harm them, but if they don't cooperate…" 
"I will get her.", Axel said with urgency. 
He had no idea how Talia can harm two Alphas, but his parents were sitting there and not moving even after Talia's threat. Normally, his parents would blow a fuse at this provocation, but now they just sat there obediently. 
At first, Axel thought that their stern expressions were because they were angry, but now he had a feeling that their displeasure is because they can't get up. What exactly are Talia's powers? 
Actually, even Talia was not aware of the power boost she got after Damon marked her. Talia was stronger and faster, and her aura became almost tangible. 
For this operation, Liseli told Talia to focus on interrogation and that Liseli will make sure those two can't move without breaking any bones unless it was necessary. 
"You will do no such thing!", Alpha Isaac squeezed through his teeth at Axel. "She is keeping us hostage! Will you give in?" 
Alpha Isaac was furious. Talia just appeared and demanded to talk to Alphas, so warriors brought her there thinking that she is the esteemed guest from outside. They saw her in the cafeteria with Axel, so they didn't suspect anything. 
Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia didn't alert anyone that Talia is a fugitive, so it backfired on them. They saw Talia as an ignorant girl, and they were confident that they can talk her into giving up on Damon's location. Who would have known that Talia could use her aura to suppress them to the point of their limbs not reacting? Alpha Isaac tried teleporting, but even that didn't work. Did she drug them? 
"Father", Axel said sternly. "Don't you want answers? Cassandra has them. You said that she is not willing to talk to us, but maybe she will talk to Talia." 
Before Alpha Isaac could , Axel's eyes lost focus for a moment as he mind-linked Cassandra, 'Come to the main study. Alphas need you.' 
'I am praying. Is it urgent?', Cassandra responded. 
'This is related to the Moon Goddess.' 
'I will be there in a minute.' 
Axel's lips lifted into a smile. "She is coming." He turned to Talia. "About Damon…" 
Talia shook her head. "I really don't know where he is. He woke up and left." 
Axel blinked. "He left you behind?" 
Talia's chin shivered. "He doesn't know who I am, Axel. Runes did something to him and he is not himself anymore." And Sapa was not reachable either. 
Alpha Sophia bolted to her feet. With Talia (and Liseli) being distracted, she found that she can move. 
"SIT!", Talia said through her teeth and Alpha Sophia plopped back into the sofa chair, like someone yanked her there with force. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 466 Family’s secrets (1)
Chapter 466 Family's secrets (1)
Axel was not sure what to think about Talia's words. "What do you mean, Alpha Damon doesn't know who you are? You are his mate. Even if his head is muddled, the bond should force him to recognize you." 
"I don't know, Axel. When he came around, he looked at me like I'm a stranger. I could feel the bond, but it seems he can't. I need to know what those black runes do. I need to fix him." 
"I understand.", Axel responded. 
"Why are you helping her?", Alpha Isaac asked. "Were you the one hiding them until now?" 
Axel ignored the second question. "What do you think I should do? Do you want me to knock her out? Or cripple her? She came to us for help. She trusted us, yet we…" 
"Don't you see that she is harming us?", Alpha Sophia asked. "We are your parents!" 
Axel hissed at these words. "I see that you are just fine. As for parents…" 
Both Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia glared at Axel, wondering what he will say next, but then there was a knock on the door and Cassandra appeared. 
Cassandra's eyes flashed when she saw Talia and she bowed quickly while moving toward Talia, and then she prostrated herself next to the coffee table. 
"Stand up.", Talia said stiffly. This was all too theatrical. "I need you to tell me about the ritual you performed on Damon. Tell me about the black runes. I need to know everything." 
"Yes, yes.", Cassandra said. But she didn't get up completely as she remained sitting on her knees. "The black runes are recorded in ancient books that are passed through generations. We use them to restrict magic and to punish prisoners…" 
Talia listened to Cassandra's explanation, but it sounded like she was talking about how to use a weapon without understanding how it works. 
"The ancient books about black runes. Where are they?", Talia asked. 
"I will bring them. If you allow me to." 
Talia waved at Cassandra to get going. "Get all of them." 
With Cassandra hurrying out of the study, the four people were left in silence. 
Axel reached for Talia's hand and gave her a squeeze. He wanted to pull her into a hug and tell her that things will be alright, but he didn't know if she will be fine with hugging, and he definitely didn't know if things will be alright. He felt so helpless, and he hated it. 
"Why are you so docile with her? Is that how a future Alpha behaves when his parents are in danger?", Alpha Isaac asked Axel. 
"If the two of you ended up like that, what can one small me do? Should I attack her and end up stuck like the two of you? Besides, I told you that I didn't approve of what you were doing. I am determined to make this right. Since when are we harming people who come to us for help? And they are not random wanderers; they have powers, our powers. That makes them our people. It's our duty to take care of them.", Axel was heating up. What his parents did contradicted everything they taught him so far. 
"How can you ignore what she is doing to us? We are your parents!", Alpha Sophia hissed. 
"Are you?" 
Alpha Sophia was shocked. "Are you denouncing us?" 
"No. Your blood flows in my veins. My question was, are you ONLY my parents?", Axel asked and looked at Talia. 
Talia could see that Axel gave her a meaningful gaze. "Should that mean something to me?" 
"Axel! No!", Alpha Isaac shouted. 
Talia looked at three people in the room and then focused on Axel. "If there is something you want to say, just say it." She was not in the mood for solving riddles. 
Axel released a long breath. "Talia, I believe I am your brother." 
Talia gaped at Axel. Did she hear him right? 
She looked at Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia who both visibly paled. 
It can't be true, Talia told herself. 
She spent years suffering and wishing for her parents to come for her, wishing that her presence in the Red Moon pack was a big misunderstanding. Someone kidnapped her. Or maybe her parents were poor, and they didn't have the resources to come and get her. Or maybe they were dead. Or maybe… anything other than her parents being Alphas who took away Damon from her, the only man who looked at her like she was important. 
Talia refused to accept this. She laughed weakly. "What are you saying, Axel? I appreciate you wanting to lighten up the mood, but this is not the time for jokes." 
"I am not joking, Talia. The moment I met you, there was a sense of familiarity. When I realized you have powers, I confirmed that you belong to the Midnight Guardians pack. And then your aura… it's definitely Alpha aura, the strongest one I felt. And eyes… don't you see that we have the same eyes? Based on all that, there are only two Alphas who could be your parents, and they are in this room. So either one of my parents cheated and you are the result of that affair, or we are sitting with both of our parents right now." 
Talia didn't dare to turn and look at Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia, fearing that she might blow up in rage or maybe dissolve into tears. None was good because this was about Damon, and she needed to keep her head cool. 
"Hear me out.", Axel said. "There is a prophecy. The Moon Goddess descended on Earth to bless a newborn with unimaginable powers. The prophecy continues to warn that whoever knows about the child's true nature, will be consumed by greed and bring calamity." 
"And you think that's me?", Talia asked. 
'It is you, Talia.', Liseli spoke into Talia's head. 'Selena's blessing was making me your wolf.' 
'Did you know about this?' 
'No. But it makes sense. They probably saw moon rays and interpreted them as Selena descending. But it was me merging with you.' 
"I believe it's you.", Axel spoke this time. 
Talia now turned to look at two Alphas who stared at her with shock and regret. Did they regret that she grew up away from them, or that she found out about this? 
Images of her being neglected and abused flashed in Talia's mind, and she couldn't imagine that any parent would leave their child to such a fate. And these were not just any parents, they were Alphas, in charge of a pack and their actions would impact many. If they would neglect their child like that, how are they taking care of others? 
"Assuming you are right. How did I end up in the Red Moon pack?", Talia asked Axel. 
"I can't be sure, but my guess is that they believed they are protecting the pack. If your powers will bring calamity, the safest thing would be not to awaken them." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 467 Family’s secrets (2)
Chapter 467 Family's secrets (2)
Author's note: 
Thank you, ErikaJ35, for the Magic Castle gifted on March 29, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
"There is a possibility for you to not awaken your powers?", Talia asked. 
Axel licked his lips and shifted in his seat before explaining, "Our powers awaken only after we give ourselves mind and body to our fated mate. If it's anyone else, we will be normal werewolves for the rest of our lives." 
Talia's eyes flashed in understanding. "Is that why you practice celibacy?" 
"Yes.", Axel confirmed, and his cheeks turned crimson. Somehow, discussing this with Talia made him uncomfortable. Isn't she his sister? That topic was NOT appropriate. 
Talia's eyes darted randomly as she tried to connect the pieces, and Axel continued talking. 
"In order to avoid the calamity from the prophecy, they wanted to prevent you from awakening your powers. By removing you from the Midnight Guardians pack, you wouldn't know about the importance of saving yourself for your mate, and then you will be harmless." 
It was Talia's turn to blush. "But… Damon is my mate." 
"Exactly. So, you can say that their plan failed." He turned to look at his parents. "Did I miss anything? Am I right? Is Talia my sister? Say something!", he ended with a shout. 
Talia put her hand on Axel's forearm to get his attention. "Don't." 
"Don't you want to know what exactly happened?" 
"It won't change anything.", Talia said, surprised at how calm she was about this. Maybe because Axel was angry for both of them, or maybe because this thing with Damon drained her emotionally. In any case, Axel's concern was genuine, and it warmed her heart. 
"I will rather think that my parents died or that they were incapable of protecting me than to confirm I was unwanted and discarded. If you think of me as your sister, I will think of you as my brother. And that's enough." 
Axel's brows came together in a frown as his heart cracked. "I wouldn't be so forgiving if I was you, but… thank you." 
And then he moved closer and pulled her into a hug. This time, he had a strong feeling that Talia will need a hug, and he needed one as well. 
Axel was aware that he was at the turning point. He openly acted against his parents, and he had no idea how they will retaliate or how this will affect the Midnight Guardians pack, but his heart was beating steadily because he believed this was the right thing to do. 
Talia's arms moved gingerly around Axel. It was the first time for her to hug a man other than Damon, but it didn't feel awkward. Maybe Axel was her brother for real. 
'Is this true?', Talia asked Liseli. 'Are they my parents?' 
'I don't know.', Liseli responded. 'I spent the first few years of your life in hibernation, adjusting to being part of a human, so… I'm sorry, Talia. The first memories of us together I have, are from the Red Moon pack.' 
'It's OK. I am glad to have you.' 
'Same here, kid.' 
Talia allowed herself to rest on Axel. Somehow, his presence made her safe and she needed that strength. 
... 
The door opened and Cassandra walked in carrying two scrolls and one leather-bound book that was faded. 
"This is all of it.", Cassandra said, and Talia beckoned her to come closer and put what she got on the long coffee table. 
Talia looked at the scrolls first. Runes, diagrams, and some notes in an ancient language she didn't understand. 
"What does this say?", Talia asked. 
Cassandra started pointing and explaining, "This one is about the arrangement of runes in order to prevent the power of the Moon from being used…" 
They took their time going through each note and picture, but it didn't take long for Talia to realize that this wasn't helpful. It was like a manual on how to use the runes, but it didn't explain their nature, Cassandra didn't know what half of the runes symbolize, and there was definitely no information on how to reverse the negative effects. 
Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia sat there without moving a muscle, and Axel was not sure if they were ashamed to say anything because he exposed them in front of Talia, or maybe Talia was pinning them down somehow. 
"Is there such a thing as white runes to negate these?", Talia asked Cassandra. 
Cassandra shook her head. "Black magic doesn't have a failsafe." She thought for a moment before talking again. "Every magic is effective only while cast. These runes work while the person is in the circle." 
"But what if it's a curse that sticks to the person?", Talia asked dejectedly. 
"Then… there should be a way to revert it, but I don't know how." 
Talia pinched the roof of her nose, and she felt Axel's hand squeezing her shoulder. 
"Cassandra…", Axel's deep voice broke the intense silence. "It's obvious that you don't know much about black runes. From where are they originating?" 
Cassandra blinked. "You mean…?" 
"I mean, someone came up with these runes. Didn't your predecessor talk about it?" 
Cassandra pressed her lips into a line. "This is ancient, and the origin of black runes is just a legend." 
"Don't!", Alpha Sophia hissed. 
Talia frowned. "How long are you going to stand in my way?" 
Alpha Sophia's face contorted in pain as Talia's aura tightened against her. 
Rage rippled through Talia and her eyes flickered in silver light. It was one thing to discard her as a child, but why couldn't they leave her alone? When will it stop? 
"You gave up on me twice so far. Once when I was a baby, and the second time when you decided that my mate is less important than you maintaining your power. Is that what you are after? Power? I believe the prophecy is true. You know who I am and what I can do, and you became greedy." 
"We don't want your power.", Alpha Isaac said. 
"Let's assume that's true. However, you are desperate to keep yourself at the top. Let me fulfill the other part of the prophecy." Talia pointed her finger at Alpha Isaac. "Calamity." 
Silvery light flashed from Alpha Isaac's body, and he slumped back in the chair with a groan. 
Talia's face was deadly still as she moved to look at Alpha Sophia. Was that her mother? No, it can't be her mother. A mother wouldn't give up on her child because she was afraid. A real mother would protect her child from greedy people and teach her how to use her powers for good. 
Talia's expression hardened as she pointed a finger at Alpha Sophia. 
"No… No…", Alpha Sophia said weakly. She could feel that Alpha Isaac's power was depleted. "No!", she shrieked when her body flashed in silvery light, and then she slumped listlessly in the sofa chair with her eyes rolled at the back of her head to show white. 
Talia exhaled a sharp breath and turned to Cassandra. "Where were we?"
###Chapter 468 The legend about witches
Chapter 468 The legend about witches
Cassandra's insides shook at the scene in front of her. 
She recognized the effects and knew what Talia had just done. Taking away Cassandra's powers was one thing, but Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia have the strongest spirits, yet Talia sucked them dry like it's a child's play. Scary. 
Cassandra took in a breath before explaining, "The legend talks about a coven of witches. A hundred generations ago, one of our predecessors had a mate there, and that caused us to mix more than just bloodlines. We would go there freely, and they would come here. The legend doesn't say why the passage between our worlds was sealed. This was left behind.", she ended by gesturing toward the scrolls and the leather-bound book. 
Talia soaked in every word greedily. "Do you know something about the passage between the worlds?" 
Cassandra lowered her head. "No. I am sorry." 
Talia's stomach dropped. 
Is this really a dead end and there is nothing she could do? 
Damon won't recognize her? Sure, maybe the rune wears off in time, but every moment of him looking at her like a stranger was killing her on the inside. Was she supposed to go back home and hope for the best? 
A sense of crisis gripped her heart when she remembered what awaits them at home. There were greedy Elders, manipulative Alpha Edward, the danger of war, and… Marcy. Marcy believed that Damon will come to her after three days to make her his Luna and if he doesn't remember Talia… she choked on a sob that burst from her chest. 
If Damon ends up marking Marcy, what will that do to their bond? Even without marking, if he gets close to Marcy… she didn't want to think about it. Talia already saw Marcy between Damon's legs with his cock in her mouth, and she saw a video of Damon fondling Marcy. Talia told herself that's in the past and she won't think about it, but if Damon touches Marcy again… 
"Hey… hey…", Axel's voice reached Talia. Why was he rubbing her cheeks? Was she crying? It seemed so. "Portal…passage… parents…" 
"What?", Talia asked while blinking her tears away. She didn't understand what he was saying. 
"I said", Axel spoke to her seriously. "Don't give up hope. If anyone knows about passages and portals that lead in and out of our territory, that would be our parents." 
Talia cringed at the words "our parents", but she pushed that away as she looked at Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia anxiously. 
"Is that true? Do you know about other portals?", she asked with urgency. When the duo didn't respond, Talia lost patience, "TELL ME!" 
"Yes. We keep it in the secret compartment. The bookshelf behind my desk has a mechanism…", Alpha Isaac responded against his will. He couldn't believe that Talia used her aura to force him to tell the truth, and her aura was pure and so much stronger than his. He felt ashamed. How come they didn't see how much more powerful she was compared to Alpha Damon? 
He cursed himself for neglecting the obvious. He doubted that Damon marked Talia because her neck was clean. However, if she marked him, it would confirm that Talia's wolf was stronger than Damon's. 
"I know where the secret compartment is…", Axel was quick to move toward the bookshelf. He rotated a wolf figurine that was on the third level, and there was a click before part of the bookshelf swayed open. 
Talia moved after Axel to see him rummaging through parchment papers and old books. 
Her heart thundered against her chest. Are they really going to find what's needed and be able to help Damon? She didn't want to get her hopes up only to be disappointed again, but the light of favorable possibility was ignited again, and she was unable to ignore it. 
This whole thing was a rollercoaster and Talia had a feeling that they were still climbing before the big fall. She hoped that her heart will be able to keep up and she doesn't fall apart before the ride ends. 
Talia didn't want to give up. She couldn't give up. Giving up on Damon was giving up on herself. He helped her out of a predicament so many times, and now it was her turn. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"I can't believe we have all these portals on our territory…", Axel said under his breath while looking at the map he spread on his father's desk. He pointed at one in the far-right corner. "This one leads to the outside world where humans are. I don't know what others are for." 
"The legend says that witches are in the South.", Cassandra chimed in. 
Axel's hand moved to point at the portal on the bottom of the map. "Then this one must be it." His eyes widened. "It even has a Wicca symbol next to it. That's the one!" 
"How far is that?", Talia asked. 
"We are here, and that portal is about… Two days walking. One day in wolf form.", Axel said. "My father could get us there within minutes. He can teleport." 
"If he has his powers, is there a way to prevent him from fleeing?", Talia asked. 
"No. He can move wherever he wants, as long as he knows where he is going.", Axel explained. "That's how we reached you and Damon in the first place. I used GPS positioning to locate your phone, and my father took us there." 
"There is a movement spell.", Cassandra said, making both Axel and Talia look her way. "It will take us there in a blink of an eye." 
Axel was skeptical, but Talia didn't want to waste time on travel, and she believed that Cassandra was too desperate to get her powers back, so she won't trick her. 
"Alright. Get what you need to make it happen.", Talia said. 
Axel was alarmed. "You are going, just like that? That portal is sealed, and we have no idea how to open it, or what's on the other side. What if it's dangerous?" 
Talia glanced at Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia who listened to all this from the side. "Someone will know how to unseal passages. Your ancestors might be cautious, but they were not stupid." 
"Assuming that you can get through, it's still dangerous." 
"It's a risk I'm willing to take, Axel.", Talia said with finality. 
"I'm not saying that you shouldn't go.", Axel said. "But I will go with you." 
"No!", Alpha Sophia exclaimed weakly. "You can't. If they find out who you are…" 
"Stop it, mother!", Axel snapped. "Can you stop thinking about what's best for the pack, and just do what's right?" 
"We don't know why the portal was sealed, but we know there was a reason for it. What if you end up killed?", Alpha Sophia said and then glanced at Talia. "Both of you." 
Talia snorted at Alpha Sophia's fake concern for her wellbeing. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 469 Taking over as the new Alpha
Chapter 469 Taking over as the new Alpha
"Do you really think that the solution to your problems is controlling everything?", Talia sneered at Alpha Sophia. "Axel is a grown man. He can decide for himself. As for me, life without Damon is not a life worth living. You have a mate, what would you do if one day he is taken away from you? What if he is right by your side, but he treats you like a stranger?" She turned to look at Axel. "I am going. I won't force you to join me, but I need your help to get there." 
Axel put his hand on Talia's shoulder and gave her a squeeze before looking at his parents. "I will do whatever I can to fix the wrong you did. Because of you, I lost my childhood with a sister, and she lost her whole family. You can help us willingly, or we will make you, but you won't stand in our way." 
The weight on Talia's back lightened somewhat like Axel took a part of it away. Was this support of a big brother? She thought how her life would be different if Axel was by her side while she was growing up. He would chase away the bullies, and she wouldn't go hungry. 
. . . 
Talia used her aura to pressure Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia into spilling everything they knew about sealing and unsealing portals and Cassandra took notes fervently. 
It was not much, but it gave them something to work with and Talia hoped that Cassandra will prove herself useful. 
Cassandra also brought some candles and herbs, and she explained that once she draws the diagram with chalk and places the candles and herbs in the right position, they will be ready to go. She also prepared things for unsealing the portal and herbs that Talia asked her to bring. 
Talia selected the herbs she needed and stuffed them into her mouth. Damon said that he loves her scent, but with him not recognizing the bond, it was just a sentiment not worth holding onto. It was safer if she can move without leaving her scent behind. 
Axel looked at Talia with a grimace. "I know things are uncertain, but you don't need to poison yourself." 
Talia's chewing slowed down and it took her a moment to understand what he was talking about. She swallowed. "This is not poison. It's for concealing one's scent." 
Axel moved closer and sniffed the air around Talia. 
"Give it a minute to enter my bloodstream.", she said. 
A few minutes later, Axel was also chewing on the herbs. "We have no idea if witches have a heightened sense of smell, but if we need to move stealthily, this will help." 
Talia thought how that made sense. She separated another batch of herbs and handed it to Cassandra. 
Cassandra eyed the plants suspiciously. "Are you expecting me to eat those?" 
"You are coming with us.", Talia said to Cassandra. "You will need to tell witches exactly what you did for the ritual." If they don't kill us before that. Talia didn't say this last part aloud because Cassandra was fidgety already. 
Cassandra swallowed a mouthful of air and then she put the herbs into her mouth. 
Talia prayed that their vague plan will work. They will find witches, get the solution to remove magic from Damon, and return home safely before anything bad happens like Elders running amok or Alpha Edward taking over the Dark Howlers pack in Damon's absence. Was that too much to ask? 
"You are leaving us like this?", Alpha Isaac asked Talia in disbelief when he saw that they were about to leave the study. 
"Like what?" Talia cocked an eyebrow while wondering what they were up to. "You are not coming with us." She thought for a moment before asking Axel, "Should we imprison them, so they don't cause trouble?" 
Axel was not sure how to respond to this. He didn't want to put his parents into a dungeon, but… "Leaving them free is a recipe for disaster. Even without their powers, they have authority over their subordinates, which is pretty much everyone in the pack." 
Talia pursed her lips while thinking about how to handle this. "What do you normally do when both Alphas are absent?" 
"That doesn't happen, but when one of them is not here, their proxies are in charge." 
Talia thought how that made sense. "Betas and Gammas are Kai's and Tyler's parents, right?" 
"Right.", Axel confirmed. 
"Do you trust them?" 
"They are good people but…" Axel shook his head. "They are loyal to our parents." 
Talia cringed at the 'OUR parents' part, but she didn't want to correct Axel. It was not important. "What about Kai and Tyler?" 
"I trust them with my life." 
"Then it's settled.", Talia said with a smile on her face. "You will take over as Alpha and assign Kai and Tyler to take care of the pack until you are back." 
"Not possible!", Alpha Isaac hissed. "Axel doesn't have his powers." 
Talia realized that the old man has a point. "You need an Alpha with powers. What about Beta or Gamma? Can Tyler be Gamma without powers?" 
"Others don't matter, but Alpha must have powers or the pack will be in danger.", Alpha Sophia said with the hope that Talia will give them their powers back. 
Talia turned to look at Axel. "Alright. I will be Alpha, and you will be my proxy. How about that?" 
"What did you say?", Alpha Sophia asked under her breath. 
Talia was losing her patience. She didn't have time to argue. "I am of an Alpha bloodline. You can transfer the position of the Alpha to me, or I will take it myself with an Alpha challenge. You both should know that I can take you down in a duel without lifting a finger. It's your choice if you want to preserve that little dignity you have left. You have one minute to decide." 
Talia turned to Axel. "People don't know me, but they see you as their future Alpha. If I name you my proxy, my power will secure the position, and your identity will ensure loyalty. Call Tyler, Kai, and Meg here. We should give them instructions and make all this official before we head out..." 
Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia nearly passed out from anger. How can Talia talk about it like they were not important? 
. . . 
"Oh, Talia…", Meg got inside the study and threw herself at Talia to give her a hug. "Why are you here? I was hoping you went home by now." 
Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia frowned at this. Were these youngsters behind Alpha Damon's escape after all? 
"It's a long story, Meg.", Talia said while returning the hug. "I lost Damon." 
Meg jerked backward and looked at Talia in horror. "Is he… dead?" 
"No. But I am to him." 
Tyler and Kai huddled close to Meg (Kai much closer than Tyler who was careful not to get too close to Meg), so now all three of them looked at Talia questionably. 
"The ritual caused a memory loss and Damon doesn't feel the mate bond. When he woke up, he had no idea who I was, and he thought I did something to him so..." Talia released a shaky breath while remembering Damon pushing her away ruthlessly. "He left." 
Meg's lips curved downward. "I'm so sorry, Talia." If that happened to Kai, Meg would be devastated. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 470 The new Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack (1)
Chapter 470 The new Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack (1)
Author's note: 
Thank you, blackfirerose, for the Magic Castle gifted on March 31, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
"I assume you are here because you have a plan.", Tyler said while his eyes shifted from Talia to Axel. 
Talia responded, "As soon as Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac sign the document and Cassandra performs the ceremony, I will become the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack." 
Meg, Kai, and Tyler gaped at Talia while processing this information. 
Kai was first to recover. "They agreed to hand over the Alpha position, just like that?" 
"It's either that or I issue an Alpha challenge. Do you think they have a chance?" 
Tyler, Kai, and Meg turned to see Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia sitting on sofa chairs with sour expressions. In the next moment, Talia's Alpha aura enveloped three young people. It was strong, yet gentle like an embrace all over, and they all turned to gawk at Talia who continued talking like she was discussing the weather. 
"I will make Axel my proxy, and he will assign you duties. The Midnight Guardians pack will be in your care while we go to the realm where witches are. Based on information Cassandra has, black runes originated from witches, and we will seek their help in reverting Damon's condition." That was the short version. 
Tyler, Kai, and Meg looked at Axel questionably who confirmed what Talia said. "We don't have much time. So, let's get started." 
Axel delegated duties with ease. Since they were teens, Axel, Tyler, and Kai role-played how things will work when Axel becomes an Alpha. The only difference was that this time, it was real, and Kai got to share his part with Meg. 
In the middle of talking, Axel stiffened and turned to look at Talia. 
"What?", she asked. 
"It's Damon.", Axel said and everyone looked at him with anticipation as he continued, "Our scouts spotted him close to the portal to the outside world." 
Talia released a shaky breath. "Tell them to let him go through." 
"You are letting him go?", Meg obviously didn't approve. "With his memories tampered, who knows what might happen?" 
"What's the point in keeping him here if he doesn't recognize me as his mate? He probably wants to go home. That's what I would do. With him on the other side of the portal, we will get more time to make things right. Also, when he sees my things there, it might jog his memory.", Talia said while fighting the sadness that was overwhelming her. 
Meg realized that Talia was right. "It's more than things, Talia. You have friends there." 
Talia realized that Meg was right. Maya and Caden were there, and also Dawn, Zina, and Stephanie. They will definitely ask about Talia. She wished to contact Mindy somehow. That spitfire would give Damon a piece of her mind for showing up without Talia. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the WebNovel platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The preparations for the ceremony were made on the terrace which opened up to a garden that looked like a meadow with low shrubbery. 
Axel told Talia that this was one of the rare dwellings above ground, reserved for the Alpha family. Other than living quarters, it has a study, meeting areas, and rooms that should be for hosting and entertaining guests, but they were not used for ages. "Now that you are going to become the Alpha. This will be your home." 
Talia was not sure she wanted to settle in that place, but she didn't have the heart to say that aloud because Axel looked kind of happy. Well, she would be happy to have a brother if she didn't lose her mate on the same day. 
Axel used the mind-link to send a summon to all members of the Midnight Guardians pack, without telling them the reason. 
Cassandra and her helpers prepared everything in under an hour. 
Kai, Meg, and Tyler were busy discussing how things will work going forward with Kai's and Tyler's parents, and Talia used this time to ask Axel about the Midnight Guardians pack. 
Axel understood this as Talia's attempt to keep her mind occupied and not think about Damon and the danger that might await them while seeking help from witches. 
Cassandra warned them that witches are wicked and that they will try to take advantage of the situation. Talia cringed while thinking about Cassie, Elders, Lisa, Nora, Marcy, Alpha Edward... can people be more wicked than that? She hoped that the answer will be, no. 
"We are not many. Under five hundred bodies.", Axel started his talk about the Midnight Guardians pack. "Every mated pack member has some abilities. Some are useful for tracking, some for transportation, and then there are those like an ability to attach and detach limbs at will." Axel stifled a chuckle. "Poor Steve. That's a useless ability, but it would be handy if he ever goes outside for Halloween…" Axel cleared his throat when he saw that Talia was not amused by this, and he continued seriously, "The nature is mostly untouched, the animals are plenty and so is clean water." 
"The nature is beautiful here.", Talia said. There was no pollution. "You don't need to worry about humans freaking out if they see you shapeshift or move too fast." Tatiana was talking about this as the biggest challenge while living among humans. 
"True, but people still want out.", Axel said. 
"Why?" 
"Because our mates are not here." 
Talia remembered the scenes from the cafeteria where couples sitting together was a rare sight, and she realized how that IS a problem. If no one had a mate, they would probably be fine, but with people like Kai and Meg snuggling, others definitely noticed what they were missing and were eager to go out. 
"Are your parents preventing them from going?" 
Axel was not sure how to respond to this. 
"Not intentionally.", he said. Seeing Talia's confused expression, he clarified, "In the interest of keeping our secret safe, exit is strictly controlled. Unless one has official business outside, exit won't be allowed, and you can imagine that regular pack members don't have a valid reason to step outside. We have people sneaking out occasionally when they become desperate…" 
Talia thought about how this was something she can work with. Axel is established as the future Alpha, but she is an unknown variable, an outsider. Other than showing them her powers, Talia will need to assure them that she won't harm them or abuse her newly acquired position, and this might be it. 
By the time ceremony was ready, around four hundred people gathered in the garden, standing densely packed and looking toward the terrace to see their leaders, Alpha, Beta, and Gamma family with the oracle and her helpers, and a new face (aka Talia). 
Cassandra stood in front of the altar where a fire crackled already, and others stood around her to form a semicircle, Cassandra's helpers were ready with herbs, crystals, and other ingredients that should be passed to the oracle during the ceremony.
###Chapter 471 The new Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack (2)
Chapter 471 The new Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack (2)
Talia looked at the paper that Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac signed with their blood. It was the written agreement to hand over their Alpha position to Talia. 
Her thoughts wandered toward Damon. He was always telling her that she will be a wonderful Luna, and she didn't think she is Luna material, or that she will have the courage to step into the spotlight and be a leader, yet here she was, about to become an Alpha... without him. 
'We are doing this for mate.', Liseli reminded her. 
'I know.' But it didn't mean she didn't miss him immensely, every heartbeat came a bit empty because he was not there. 
Talia hoped that this will pass without incidents. She was nervous, but more than that, she wanted to be done with this so they can head to the portal and seek witches. 
Cassandra stepped forward, to address the people gathered. 
"My fellow pack members", Cassandra said, her voice was not loud, but she was talking to a pack of werewolves, and they could hear her clearly. "Just like seasons take turns in nature, and new replaces old, we reached the point for new to replace old in our pack." 
People shuffled and murmured, and Cassandra continued. 
"We gathered here to show respect to the Alpha pair that led us so far, and to welcome the new generation." 
No one said a word, but the tension was tangible. They obviously didn't expect this. 
Axel felt that a commotion might erupt at any moment and he stepped forward to speak while the situation was manageable. 
"You know me, and you know my parents. They decided to step down..." 
"Did you find your mate?", someone couldn't contain his curiosity from the side. 
"No." 
"Then, how can you take over the Alpha position?", another voice was heard, and murmurs followed. 
Talia stood next to Axel. She didn't want this to become a circus and Liseli agreed. 
"Silence!", Talia exclaimed, and her voice echoed a few times. "I will be the new Alpha. Axel will lead this pack with me. Not as mates, but as partners." It would be simpler if she claimed the Alpha position as Axel's sister, but that would bring more questions and she didn't want to be associated with Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia. 
Chatter swelled. Questions and doubts, mostly on the topic of how can they be partners if they were not mates, and does that mean they won't awaken their powers? No one would accept leaders without powers in a world where the strongest ones sit at the top. 
Talia lifted her chin defiantly and released her aura on the crowd that suddenly descended into silence again under her pressure. 
"As you can see, I am Alpha. From today onward, I will be the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack.", Talia said with confidence. "Axel will work with me as an equal, and in my absence, he will be my proxy. Kai and Meg will be our Betas, and Tyler will be Gamma." Talia turned to glance at Alpha Isaac, Alpha Sophia, and their Betas and Gammas. "The previous leadership will stay in the main house, and provide guidance when needed. It will be a process, but we are all committed to a smooth transition so that you are not impacted negatively." 
Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac smiled stiffly. They knew very well that this whole staying in the main house was just Talia's way of keeping an eye on them. They will technically be under house arrest, and without their powers, they will be helpless. The only thing they had was their authority, and Talia was effectively taking it away. 
"Why so sudden?", someone asked. 
"This is not sudden.", Talia responded, and Axel shot her a side-glance while hoping that she knew what she was saying. They didn't prepare for this. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia met Axel's eyes with a smile that told him she's got this, and then she spoke to the crowd that gathered, "I spent quite some time in the outside world, and Axel was visiting me. We discussed the challenges everyone here is facing and we are planning to introduce some changes. Our first priority is to ease the restrictions on you leaving this territory. We know that many of you are unmated, and your instincts are urging you to get out and find your other half. Please, bear with it for a bit longer. Axel and I are determined to come up with safety protocols and measures so that you can go out and minimize the risk of exposure…" 
Axel's lips lifted into a smile when he saw their people nodding with sparkles in their eyes. Talia asked about the pack, and he spoke about the difficulty of finding mates because his parents are prioritizing security over everything else. He didn't know that Talia will use that to pacify people. As far as he could see, there was not a single frown in the audience. 
Axel looked at Talia in awe. She was the true leader, an Alpha, and he was proud that she was his sister. 
"Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac agree with our plans, and that is why they signed the document in which they are passing their positions to us.", Talia said while holding the parchment paper high up in the air, for everyone to see. "If you have any ions, speak now. If you have any questions, leave them for later because Cassandra is eager to commence the ritual." 
The clamor of approval and chuckles was heard, and Talia and Axel stepped back to stand on Cassandra's right. 
Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia stood on Cassandra's left and the ceremony started. 
Cassandra was chanting and singing, and sometimes snorting while waving her arms around the flames. She would throw things that her helpers passed into the fire, and colorful sparks flew in the air. 
"New Alpha needs to use his ability on the fire. Depending on how the fire reacts, it will predict how successful the ruling will be.", Axel spoke to Talia in a hushed voice. 
Talia's insides tightened. Why didn't he say this earlier? What successful ruling? 
She had no desire to be the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. This was just to get Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac off their thrones, and she had every intention to let Axel be the star of the show. Her plan was that as soon as Axel finds his mate, Talia would hand over everything to him officially. 
'Don't worry about these small things.', Liseli spoke in Talia's mind. 'Let me handle the fire.' 
Talia released the breath she was holding. 'Thanks.' She was really grateful to have a wolf like Liseli. 
The signed parchment flew in the fire last and it was time for Talia to use her ability. 
Talia extended her hands with palms facing the fire, and Liseli did her thing. 
Talia's palms shimmered in silver light that shot straight for the fire. The flames twisted and turned unnaturally before extending up, up, up… and then the flames silently exploded to create wonderful fireworks in reds, blues, and greens that were clearly visible in broad daylight. 
Gasps of awe were heard from the people and Talia could feel invisible bonds forming between her and every person present. It was like they could feel each other. They were one. It was surreal. 
Talia was looking up at the colorful display, and her eyes filled with tears as memories of her sitting on the lap of a cheeky Alpha resurfaced. He held her gently in a solid embrace, and he pressed her palm against his bare chest. He said how she should get used to touching him while his gaze peered into her soul and made butterflies go crazy in her stomach. 
This was the first time for Talia to see fireworks without Damon. She missed him immensely. 
"All hail Alpha Talia, the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack!!!", Cassandra shouted. "May the Moon Goddess grant her the wisdom so that her ruling brings us many years of prosperity with Alpha Axel by her side!!!" 
The crowd erupted in cheers and howls, and Talia could feel their approval and hope. 
Axel took Talia's hand into his and turned her to face their people. 
"LONG LIVE ALPHA TALIA!", Axel shouted over the clamor. 
He lifted his arm together with Talia's, and the noise became so loud that the ground shook. 
"LONG LIVE ALPHA TALIA! LONG LIVE ALPHA TALIA!", the pack members chanted enthusiastically. 
Talia held her breath. For better or for worse, it was done. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 472 Waiting for the portal to open
Chapter 472 Waiting for the portal to open
Talia and Axel were sitting on the ground and observing Cassandra who was busying herself around a massive rock that was angled like it was resting on the edge of a hill. Other than its smooth surface, nothing stood out, but Cassandra was confident how that's where the portal is. 
Talia leaned backward to rest on her elbows and she took a deep breath. 
The weather was pleasant. The sun was high on the cloud-speckled sky, and the refreshing light breeze carried the sweet scent of wildflowers. 
It was a perfect day for lazing around, but Talia couldn't relax. They were about to step into the unknown and as much as she didn't want to think about potential dangers, she would rather think about that than about the fact that Damon left for the Dark Howlers pack without knowing who she was. 
Talia cursed herself. If she didn't mark Damon, none of this would happen. She caused such a commotion, yet here was Axel, sitting by her side and being supportive. She was not used to people being kind to her (other than Damon, of course). 
"Thank you for doing this, Axel.", Talia said. "I know it must be hard to turn your back on people who raised you." 
Axel's chest tightened. He wanted to remind her that those are her parents also, but he knew she saw them as strangers, and probably bad ones because they abandoned her, and he couldn't blame her for it. 
"I don't see this as turning my back on them.", Axel said. "They were so focused on the safety of our pack members, that they couldn't see how they were the ones oppressing their own people. What they did to Alpha Damon is inexcusable and I hope that one day they realize that." 
At the mention of Damon, Talia pressed her lips into a line. There was a question she feared to hear the answer to, but she couldn't ignore it. "How long will it take him to reach the Dark Howlers pack?" 
"For a normal werewolf, two days. For him, a day probably." 
Talia nodded. That would give her a month in here to figure stuff before he reaches home. She was grateful for this phenomenon. Looking at the flat rock, Talia wondered what was on the other side. "Is there a way to know if the time passes differently in the other realms?" 
"There is, actually…", Axel said and fished a small device from his pocket. 
It looked like a compass with two dials. The white dial was moving slowly while the golden one stood still. 
"The white dial shows the passing of time here. The golden one is also moving, but at a rate thirty times slower than the white one and it shows time in the human realm, how we call it. My father gave me this when I went through the portal the first time, to remind me that every day I spend outside is a month for them and that I shouldn't stay longer than absolutely necessary." 
Talia observed the device curiously. "How will this help when we pass through the portal?" 
Axel smirked. "If you pay attention to the white dial, you will see that it's actually two of them, there is a blue one. This button on the side will put them in the same position. The blue dial shows the time passing in this realm, and the white one shows the time for wherever you are. Right now they are moving at the same rate because we are here. When I pass through the portal to the human realm, the white dial moves at the same rate as the golden one." 
Talia understood that once they pass through that portal, if the white dial moves slower compared to the golden one, she will be in a predicament. She is already pressed to get this resolved as soon as possible, and if the time with witches moves slower than in the human realm, in a matter of hours months could pass for Damon. Who knows what the situation will be when she returns? 
Her anxiety was obvious. 
"I know it's hard, but try to focus on things you can control, and allow others to happen. We will deal with them as they come.", Axel said. 
Talia shook her head. "Sounds easy." But he was right. There was no point in dwelling on things that didn't happen yet. "What are we going to do if the people on the other side are hostile?" 
Axel shot her a side glance. "We are not pushovers. I might not be able to take down Alpha Damon, but I am the best fighter in my pack, and you are amazing." He smiled a little. "I was worried before we came here but now, I think it will be alright. This portal was closed for a long time and I'm sure they don't have guards watching over it. The other side probably looks plain just like this rock here. Our biggest problem will be to find where witches are." 
Talia hoped it will be that simple. 
"What happened to your mind-link?", Axel asked. "I can't reach you. Did you shut it down somehow? It would be useful if we can communicate stealthily while in there." 
'Liseli? What do you think?' 
'It would be useful, but you will need to practice separating what you want to share. I can do an on-off switch. If I turn it on, all your thoughts will be available to Axel and any other member of the Midnight Guardians pack until you learn to control it.' 
'Everyone?' 
'There is a range limit, but you are a strong Alpha, so there is a chance that your range will cover this whole realm.' 
Talia remembered members of the Midnight Guardians pack that gathered on the lawn earlier that day. They were now eating and drinking to celebrate Alpha Talia and Alpha Axel, with the belief that their new leaders left to further research that will allow everyone to leave this realm and find their mates. Well, in a way they were not wrong. 
Talia thought how opening her mind to all of those people would be unsettling. She was looking forward to doing that with Damon. He said that he will teach her about everything. 
Talia put her hands over her face while trying not to think about Damon, but the more she tried, the more his face appeared in front of her closed eyes. His smile that made her stomach flip every time… serious expression while focusing on the documents in front of him… anxiousness when he thought that something was wrong… his heated gaze that made her feel naked no matter how much clothes she had on… 
"Talia?" 
Axel's voice got her attention. 
"I'm sorry, Axel. I am not ready to open up in such a way." If Axel gets a hint of what was on her mind, she wouldn't be able to face him. "Give me time, please." 
"It's OK.", Axel said while lifting his arms in the air. "We will make it work. I was just asking. No pressure." 
Talia smiled a bit at Axel's flustered response. What was that about? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 473 Opening the portal
Chapter 473 Opening the portal
Author's note: 
Thank you, BFD_80, for the Golden Gachapon gifted on April 1st, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
"I believe we are ready!", Cassandra exclaimed. 
Axel and Talia stood up and joined Cassandra next to the rock. 
"Is the portal working now?", Talia asked while eyeing the massive rock that was twice her height and as wide as three people standing side-by-side. 
Talia imagined that there should be some buzzing and sparks or something like that, magical, but it didn't look different than just a regular, big, smooth rock. 
"There is this last piece", Cassandra said and held a palm-size triangle-shaped rock in her hand. 
"When I put it in here", Cassandra gestured toward the triangle-shaped groove on the side of the massive rock, "that will be the last piece, and the portal will be functional. Assuming that the other side is not dismantled as well." 
Talia didn't consider this option before Cassandra mentioned it. "If the other side is not working, then what? Will we get lost in a void? Or sucked into some random dimension? What if we end up crushed into pulp?" 
Cassandra waved her hand at Talia, indicating to her to calm down. "No, no. If the other side is not working, the connection won't be established." 
Well, that was better than getting lost or smashed, but... "If the other side is not working, how can we get there?" 
Cassandra shrugged. "There was a time when Gods walked the Earth. They could split and merge continents with a wave of their hands, and create other dimensions with a thought while moving across space and time at will. They created these portals for mortals. However..." She looked at Talia meaningfully. "Even if the portal is not working, you should be able to open it. The Moon Goddess is with you." 
Talia smiled awkwardly. After telling her some nonsense about Gods splitting Earth, Cassandra had a lot of faith in Talia's non-existent abilities. 
Cassandra's eyes moved from Talia to Axel, and she spoke, "Once the portal is open, we might not be able to shut it down. These pieces will become part of the portal and I don't know how easy it will be to take them out. We don't know what's out there. It could be a broken space or a swarm of monsters. Are you sure we are doing this?" 
"Do it.", Axel said with finality. "We are already here and we are not going back empty-handed. If the other side has trouble, we will deal with it as it comes." 
Talia balled her hands into fists, hoping this will work and it was not another mistake. 
Axel's warm hand wrapped around Talia's right fist, making it appear so small and delicate like he could crush her without even trying, and she turned to see him smiling at her. 
"It will be alright.", he said, and she felt his encouragement enveloping her, just as his hand wrapped around her fist protectively. 
"I won't allow anything to happen to you, Talia.", Axel said with all the seriousness in the world. "We will get your mate back and we will make sure that other members of our pack find their mates as well. Believe in that. Believe in me." 
Talia envied his confidence. "How can you be so sure?" 
Axel chuckled. "I am an Alpha. My duty is to take care of my people. I can't do that if I doubt myself the moment I face an unknown challenge. It is wise to be cautious, but I won't allow fear to guide me and neither should you." 
Talia felt her chest swelling with pride. That was her brother. 
She turned toward the portal and looked at it with renewed determination. "Let's do this." 
After saying a silent prayer, Cassandra slid the triangle-shaped rock into the opening and took a step back. 
One second, two, three… there was nothing. 
Talia was not sure how the working portal looks, but the sour expressions of Cassandra and Axel confirmed that this was not the expected outcome. 
Cassandra tapped her chin while thinking. "Maybe it needs a jumpstart." 
"A what?", Axel asked. 
"A jumpstart.", Cassandra responded. "All spells and magical devices need something to get them running. It could be a chant or energy of some sort. Think of it like a spark that will start a fire. We have everything in place but need to figure out how to start it." Cassandra ended with a mumble and moved to look into scribbles she jotted down while Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac were talking about portals. 
The spark and fire made sense, but how does one jumpstart a rock? 
Talia and Axel exchanged glances and then they waited for Cassandra to finish whatever she was doing with the hope that her idea will work. 
- - - 
"The energy of the Moon grants entry to the passage!", Cassandra exclaimed. 
"So, we need to wait for the night?", Talia asked dejectedly. That was hours away! 
Cassandra nodded in confirmation. "The full moon would be the best." 
Axel frowned. "That will take days. Is there another way?" 
Cassandra turned to Talia. 
Talia didn't get it. "Why are you looking at me like I know the answer?" 
"I am looking at you because you are the answer, Alpha Talia.", Cassandra said. "I saw all kinds of abilities, but I never saw anyone light up completely. The power of the Moon Goddess is within you. Use it to open the portal." 
'Does this make sense to you?', Talia asked Liseli. 
'No. But it can't hurt to try.' 
Talia shrugged and got closer to the portal. 'Do your thing, Liseli.' 
Talia extended her arms toward the rock so that her palms were facing it. 
Her hands shimmered in silver and the energy transferred onto the rock. For a few seconds, nothing unusual happened, but then a faint ripple appeared around the area where light from Talia's hands hit the rock. 
"That's it! The portal is reacting which means this is working, and the other side is functional!", Cassandra exclaimed. "We need more power." 
Axel stood behind Talia and looked at the rock with curiosity, getting more anxious by the second. It was happening. 
Axel wanted to help, but he didn't have any power. Unfortunately, neither did Cassandra so the most they could do was to cheer for Talia to keep going. 
Liseli increased the output, and silvery light expanded up Talia's arms, all the way to her elbows and then it slowly spread to reach her shoulders. 
Now the whole rock was rippling, every wave bigger than the previous one, like a surface of a lake that was being disturbed at the spot of Talia's energy drilling through it. 
"More. We need more…", Cassandra said under her breath. 
"She can't do more!", Axel hissed. 
He never saw so much power from anyone. Goosebumps rose on his skin everywhere. Talia was impressive and scary at the same time. 
"Yes, she can.", Cassandra said with confidence. She clearly remembered when Talia transformed into a silvery Goddess with her hair fluttering without any wind. 
Axel gaped as the silvery light spread through Talia's body, turning her hair white with silver streaks in it. 
If anyone asked him what the Moon Goddess looked like, this would be it. 
Talia's vision was blurring. 
'We should stop!', Liseli spoke into her mind. 
'No. Keep going. It's almost open. I can feel it.' 
'You are running out of energy without the moon rays to replenish you.', Liseli pleaded. 
'Give it a few more seconds. This will work.' It has to. 
She didn't want to wait a minute longer than necessary. 
'Help me Liseli!', Talia demanded. 'This is for Damon. This is for Sapa. We can't give up.' 
Liseli agreed. They can't give up. 
Talia's senses were getting duller, but her whole body was buzzing like it was turning ethereal. It came with a feeling of being weightless and her instincts told her that she could see the world with a thought. 
Talia wished to see Damon, and she saw a big black wolf running through the forest at such a speed that he looked like a blur to normal people, but Talia could see him clearly. 
"Damon…", she called, and the wolf stopped in his tracks, looking around while trying to identify from where the sound came. 
Talia wanted to tell him that she loves him and that she was doing all she could do to help him remember and that he should wait for her, but the darkness consumed her.
###Chapter 474 Finding witches
Chapter 474 Finding witches
Talia inhaled sharply. 
"Easy… easy…", Axel's voice came from the side. "I'm here. We are safe." 
Talia blinked to see a starry sky above her and the moon bathing her in its light. 
She craned her neck to see smooth tall rocks arranged in a U-shaped formation, surrounding them from three sides, and an opening to a sparse forest on the fourth side. She was lying on the unkempt grass, and the air was fresh with the night breeze. 
Cassandra was standing with her hands connecting behind her back and staring into the open space, and Axel was squatting next to Talia and observing her with a small frown on his face. 
"What happened?", Talia asked Axel. 
"You opened the portal.", Axel said. "We passed through." 
It took her a few seconds to react. "We are in the realm of witches? Why is it night? How long was I out?" 
"Slow down.", Axel said while pressing Talia's shoulder gently to keep her down. 
"We went through the portal because we were not sure how long it will stay open. We need to confirm where we are. You passed out from exhaustion, so we didn't go to investigate the surroundings. It was not wise for one of us to roam alone, and we didn't want to leave you behind either. As for how long you were out…" Axel pursed his lips while thinking. "A few hours. It was sunset when we arrived here." 
Talia felt panic swelling inside her. "Time. Check the flow of time." 
Axel pulled out his gadget and pushed the button to put all three dials in the same location. 
Talia stared at the dials without blinking. 
"Have some water.", Axel said while pushing the bottle into her hands. "Give it a minute so we are certain." 
Talia took a few sips before asking, "Where is the portal?" 
Axel gestured toward an opening between two flat tall rocks. "We came out from there." 
Talia thought how it was unfortunate that twice she passed through a portal, yet she couldn't remember the experiences. But there were more important things. "We should get moving and find the witches." 
"Take a minute to ensure you are fine.", Axel said. "It won't help us if you faint again. I could carry you, but what if we end up in some trouble? We need all of us in top shape. Witches might live out of sight or far away…" 
"I understand.", Talia interrupted him. She was touched by his concern. "Show me the thingy for the time." 
By now, it was distinct that the white and blue dials were moving together. 
"What does this mean?", Talia asked. 
"Time here passes in the same way as in our territory." 
Talia understood that "our territory" was the realm of the Midnight Guardians pack. But there was one more possibility, "Or the portal didn't take us to another realm." 
"Oh, we are in another realm, alright.", Cassandra said in a singing voice, and she moved to Talia with her hand extended to show her a flower. "We don't have these at home." 
This was promising and Talia relaxed a bit. "OK. Let's go and find those witches." 
"Or dragons. Or ogres.", Cassandra said. 
Talia's face fell. She didn't really think about those options. Are those creatures real? "Let's stick to witches…" 
"No need to rush, Talia.", Axel really wanted her to rest a bit more. He was super-anxious when she collapsed and stayed unresponsive for hours. Only when the moonlight touched her, she stirred. 
"I don't have time to rest, Axel.", Talia said sternly. 
"I know what you are thinking. But Damon will need at least one day to reach the Dark Howlers pack. That gives us a month here." 
Talia grimaced. "You forgot that once I get out of the portal, I will need to reach the Dark Howlers pack also. Or will your father give me a lift? I know that the time difference gives me an advantage right now, but Damon is out there without me. Every second counts." 
Axel knew that she was right, but... "If you are not well, we are not going anywhere. Straining yourself will only cause you to collapse again. How will that help?" 
Talia's face fell and Axel gave her hand a squeeze. 
"Give yourself a break, Talia. I know Damon from before you appeared. He was different and a bit scary, but... He prioritized his pack first. Trust in his Betas and other people that surround him. I am confident that Damon won't jeopardize his pack, and your friends won't allow him to jeopardize your relationship." 
Talia hoped that he was right. She truly did. 
After assuring Axel that she was fine, they started moving. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The moonlight illuminated their way through the low shrubbery and occasional tree. 
Talia hear rustling low in the bushes that was probably a rabbit or some other small critter, but other than that, the whole area seemed deserted. 
"Do you have an idea where we are going, or did you pick a direction randomly?", Talia asked Axel after some time. 
As far as her sight could reach, other than bushes and sparse trees, there was nothing else. 
"Not randomly. I used my senses to feel the surroundings before you woke up. In the direction we are going, the trees thicken and there is a river. I believe we will have better chances of finding someone there. In the back are just bare rocks and mountains." 
"You can feel the surroundings? How does that work? Can you teach me?", Talia asked, genuinely curious. Until recently she was no more than a human, so all these abilities and powers were new to her. 
Axel was pleased that he got a chance to teach Talia something. If they grew up together, he would teach her many things. 
He stopped walking and turned to face Talia. 
"Close your eyes and relax.", he said. "Allow your mind to travel down to your feet and let it spread in all directions. Feel the energies and shapes. Don't fight it…" 
Talia didn't get it at first, but little by little, outlines started appearing in her mind. She could see Axel one step in front of her, and Cassandra a bit further on the right, and bushes, rocks, an anthill that was blurry from the movement of ants in it... trees, an owl… 
It was like a mental map with Talia in the middle. 
Her jaw fell slack as she could see the U-shaped formation where she woke up, and she clearly felt the opening that looked like it was made of water. The portal. 
It was fantastic! 
In the direction they were walking, the forest was getting denser and there was a river, and a small waterfall… Talia gasped. 
"What?", Axel asked. 
"I think there are people. That way.", she pointed into the darkness. 
Axel was impressed. He was checking in that direction, but he didn't find anything. It seemed that Talia's abilities extend beyond his. 
"Excellent. Let's go that way.", Axel said. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 475 Cornelia
Chapter 475 Cornelia
Singing and chants filled the space, accompanied by soft jingling sounds. 
The bonfire created shadows that flickered to create the illusion of trees moving and colorful smoke spreading in the area came with the sweet scent of herbs. 
Cassandra, Talia, and Axel approached the small clearing carefully and squatted behind a waist-tall bush to see what was going on there. 
To their relief, there were no dragons or ogres, but women. More than a dozen women, all looking to be in their twenties or thirties. They sang and danced in a circle around the fire, their bodies swaying gracefully in the same rhythm, each with her own moves. 
Bells around their ankles jingled softly, and as much as it seemed random, every few seconds the women would stomp in unison, causing bells to burst melodiously. 
Talia's eyes widened when she realized how much flesh was exposed. Each woman had a loose string around her waist and two small patches of cloth dangling from there, barely enough to cover the buttocks and the intimate bush in front. Their breasts were bare, bouncing and swaying as the women danced. 
Axel released a slow groan, and Talia glanced at him apprehensively. Was he having a seizure? He was blinking rapidly, and his face was so red that it looked like he will explode or pass out. 
It took her a moment to realize that his senses were overstimulated with the allure of those women. 
"I thought that as a werewolf, you saw plenty of naked people.", Talia said in a whisper. 
Axel cleared his throat. "Yes, before and after the shift and not like this. Besides, I'm celibate not a eunuch!" 
Talia stifled a giggle. Everything since Talia and Damon marked each other was gut-wrenching and Axel's comical predicament made Talia's tense nerves snap. 
"You think it's funny?", he sneered, and he might look intimidating if not for the redness of his face. 
Talia's shoulders shook from suppressed laughter. 
"Shh!", Cassandra shushed them. If they were spotted like this, they will be seen as peepers, and that can't be a good thing. 
"Who are you?", a stern voice came from behind, and Talia, Axel, and Cassandra froze. 
The trio whipped their heads that way to see a slender woman with chocolate-colored skin. She had golden markings on her arms and face, and a golden cloth over her precious parts below the waistline. 
Talia noticed that the woman didn't have bells around her ankles, and the scent of herbs from the fire masked her scent. With all the singing, they didn't hear her approach. They were careless. 
The woman crossed her arms under her bare breasts, giving them a lift and Axel swallowed audibly. 
Talia stood up first and greeted the scarcely dressed woman. "My name is Talia. These are Axel and Cassandra. I apologize. Our intention was not to sneak up on you. We wanted to ensure there are no dangers before we approach you." 
Talia stopped talking when she realized that there was no more singing and jingling around the bonfire, and she could feel many eyes on her back. 
"Continue", the woman demanded. 
Axel cleared his throat and put his hand on Talia's shoulder, silently telling her that he will take over. "I am Alpha Axel, from the Midnight Guardians pack. We are seeking witches. Are you one of them?" 
The woman cocked an eyebrow. "Witches?" 
Axel nodded while struggling mightily to maintain eye contact and not look at her two peaks that rose and fell with her breathing. 
"Our friend was influenced by black runes, and we hope to find a way to dispel it.", Axel said and turned to Cassandra. 'Show her the parchment with runes', he said through the mind-link. 
Cassandra shuffled to get the parchment from her backpack. 
The woman's brows furrowed when she saw the writings. 
"You are not from here.", she said flatly. 
"No. We came from far away." Axel didn't want to mention the portal. He was still not sure if those were witches or just girls frolicking in the forest. And the fact that she didn't give them her name, or any other relevant information was rubbing him the wrong way. "Do you know of witches? If yes, can you point us in the right direction so we can be on our way?" 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The woman ignored Axel's questions. She turned to look at the parchment that was in Cassandra's hand. "Where did you get that?" 
"It was passed onto me from my teacher.", Cassandra responded. 
"You do dark magic?", the woman asked stiffly. 
Cassandra opened her mouth to respond and then closed it. She had a feeling that just responding 'yes' was not a wise move. 
"I am the Oracle in the Midnight Guardians pack. I perform ceremonies and cast spells when needed." 
"Dark magic?" 
Cassandra swallowed hard. "We don't look at it as dark or white. It's just magic." 
The woman turned to Talia. "And you? Are you also doing magic?" 
Talia shook her head. "I don't know how to do magic. That's why we are here. The man who got affected by black runes is my lover. He was unconscious for three days and when he woke up, he was not himself. I need to find witches so I can get him back." 
"Who cast dark magic on your lover?" 
Talia gestured toward Cassandra and the woman's eyebrows shot up. 
"And you are traveling together?" 
"She is here to explain what she did. She is harmless.", Talia said. 
"She uses black runes, and you call her harmless?" 
"Her spells require preparations, and we are keeping an eye on her.", Talia responded. 
"And she took away my powers.", Cassandra blurted out. 
Talia gritted her teeth. Why was Cassandra talking? 
The woman eyed Talia suspiciously. "You took away her powers? Didn't you say you don't do magic?" 
"It's not the same. I don't need to draw diagrams or chant." 
"Show me." 
'Liseli', Talia called. 'We need something impressive and non-intimidating.' 
'I'm on it', Liseli responded. 'Lift your hand.' 
Talia's hand started glowing in silvery light and the woman looked at it with curiosity. Slowly, very slowly, the woman reached for Talia's hand and audible gasps came from behind but Talia didn't dare to turn and see what was going on there. She guessed that all women who were dancing gathered and were observing this interaction. 
The woman's fingers touched the silvery light and her eyebrows shot up in surprise. 
She flattened her palm and placed it in front of Talia's with only an inch between them, and the light flickered between their palms. 
After a few long seconds, the woman lowered her hand. "Your power is pure." 
Her lips lifted into a smile. "I am Cornelia, the priestess of the Silver Flame coven." 
Talia relaxed a bit. Cornelia definitely approved, and she said that she belongs to a coven! "You are a witch?" 
Cornelia nodded and gestured behind Talia, Axel, and Cassandra. "We all are. We will take you to the high priestess and she will decide what to do with you." 
Talia turned to see more than a dozen women standing on the other side of the bush and observing them. Talia smiled and nodded in greeting, hoping that their curiosity was a sign they will be friendly. 
Cassandra was reserved because her instincts told her they don't like her much due to the black runes business. 
As for Axel, he was staring at his shoes like they were the most interesting thing he has ever seen. 
--- 
See Cornelia's pic in the comments. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 476 A deal with witches (1)
Chapter 476 A deal with witches (1)
A walk through the forest was accompanied by soft jingling from the bells that witches had around their ankles. 
The witches were observing newcomers and spoke in whispers. 
Talia was looking around while trying to figure out where they were going. There were no houses or anything that could be called a dwelling. 
They stopped at the bottom of a precipice whose top disappeared into the darkness. 
"This way…", Cornelia called, and she stepped straight into a rock that shimmered as Cornelia's form disappeared. 
Talia reluctantly extended her hand to see her fingers sinking into a rock like it was not there. It was an illusion. She wondered if her senses would be fooled by this, but she didn't have time to stop and focus. 
Talia was first to get in, with Alex behind her and Cassandra trailing behind. 
All three of them paused at the intricate carvings in the hallway that was bathed in the warm yellow light of an unknown source. It was like the whole ceiling was glowing. It was fantastic. 
After several twists and turns, the left side of the hallway opened up with archways to reveal a colorful garden that looked mystical under the shadows the moonlight created. 
They passed by several small groups of scarcely dressed women lingering in the hallways, making Axel lower his gaze and Talia wondered where the men were. She didn't see a single one. 
Eventually, they stopped in front of a door. 
"The High Priestess is expecting you.", Cornelia said and pushed the door open. 
Talia entered gingerly and observed a big room with stone walls that looked like a study. There were freestanding bookshelves filled with books, a few figurines, and tapestry hung on walls. The ceiling glowed in the same warm yellow light as hallways, but it was brighter in here. 
In the middle of the room were three chairs facing a big desk made of dark wood, and a small woman with blonde hair behind it. 
The woman appeared to be in her late forties, but the sharpness in her light blue eyes hinted at wisdom worth centuries. Her body was slender and delicate, just like those women they saw dancing around the bonfire in the forest. 
Axel exhaled in relief when he saw that the woman was wearing a white tunic. It will be easier to look at her without her body being exposed. 
"I am Evanora, the High Priestess of the Silver Flame Coven. I hear you are looking for me.", she said with a smile that was more predatory than warm. 
"Yes, we need your help, and we appreciate your willingness to see us on such short notice.", Talia responded. "My name is Talia, and these are Axel and Cassandra." 
The woman spread her hands, gesturing to three chairs that were facing her desk. 
"Tell me about it." 
"My lover was influenced by dark magic. Black runes, to be precise. Somehow, it impacted his memory, and he doesn't feel the mate bond…" 
"Mate bond?", Evanora's question interrupted Talia. "You are a werewolf?" 
Talia confirmed. "We all are." 
Elanora took a deep breath. "You don't smell like it." 
Talia remembered that they all took herbs. "We usually bathe in herbs that temporarily diminish our scents." A small lie, but Talia thought it was fine. 
Evanora's eyes darted from Talia to Axel and then to Cassandra, examining their features cautiously like she was not sure if they are really werewolves. After some time, she said, "You came through the portal." 
That was not a question. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia could feel the air in the room stiffening, as Evanora's hostility rose and she wondered if she made a mistake. Was she not supposed to reveal who they are and from where they came? But, Elanora would figure it out eventually and then they would be caught in a lie and things would escalate. The only thing Talia could do was tell the truth. 
"We came through the portal.", Talia confirmed and when Evanora frowned, Talia decided to give background as well. "We don't know why our ancestors closed off the portal. Actually, until recently, we were not aware that portals exist. After I found out that my mate is influenced by black runes, I came to Cassandra to search for answers. She didn't know much about runes, but she remembered legends about you and that lead us to find out about the portals", Talia said in one breath. 
"I see.", Evanora said stiffly. "Is the portal still open?" 
Talia glanced at Axel. She felt the energy fluctuations while scanning the surroundings with her senses, but she didn't know if it was wise to confirm that the portal was open. What if witches decide to sneak attack the Midnight Guardians pack? 
But then... witches can go to the portal and check for themselves. 
Talia's anxiety swelled. 
Kai, Meg, and Tyler knew where Talia and Axel went, and they arranged for patrols to be in that area, just in case, but still… no one would expect an attack. 
Axel responded, "I believe it is open. But no one will come through. You can rest at ease. After our business here is done, I hope we can keep the portal open and discuss further collaborations that will benefit both sides." 
"Until the portal closes again.", Evanora spat, obviously displeased by this possibility, and Talia wondered about the circumstances behind closing the portal in the first place. 
"No. It won't close.", Axel said with finality. "But both sides need to agree on keeping it open." 
"How can you guarantee that your Alpha won't close the portal?" 
Talia opened her mouth. "That's because…" 
Talia stopped talking when Axel squeezed her hand. 
Axel stood up and bowed a little. "I apologize for not introducing myself properly. I am Alpha Axel, Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Talia is my sister and that is Cassandra, the pack Oracle." 
Evanora nodded, but the lack of reaction told them that she already knew this information. 
Axel sat back on his chair. "I hope that we can keep the portal business for later and focus on resolving the problem of black runes. Cassandra is the one who cast the spell and she can tell you exactly what she did. We hope you can tell us how to reverse it." 
Evanora smiled a little. "Of course. I can look into it, but first, we should discuss payment." 
"Whatever you want, as long as it's in my power, I will agree.", Talia said quickly. 
"That's a generous promise.", Evanora responded. "But it's not whatever I want. We work on an equal exchange. In order to get something, you need to give something of equal value. That's how we ensure that the balance is maintained." 
Talia blinked. "Equal value? What is equal to black runes?" 
Evanora cocked an eyebrow. "Is that what you came here to ask for? Black runes? I thought you want to save your mate." 
Talia bit her lower lip. Does Evanora want something of equal value to Damon? But there was nothing more valuable than Damon. Even if Talia gave them all the things she had, it wouldn't match the value of Damon's pinky finger. 
"I don't understand.", Talia said. 
"I do.", Axel chimed in. "Equal value. A mate for a mate. Right?" 
Evanora's smile widened. "You are a smart Alpha." 
Axel steeled his resolve. "I will pay for her." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 477 A deal with witches (2)
Chapter 477 A deal with witches (2)
"What? No!", Talia exclaimed. "What do you mean, a mate for a mate? You can't do that, Axel. You didn't even meet your mate!" 
"Let me do this, Talia.", Axel said. "I owe you a lifetime of lost childhood." 
"It was not your fault!" 
"Maybe it's not my fault, but I feel guilty. You grew up alone, surrounded by strangers, while I enjoyed the perks of being part of an Alpha family. I was raised to be an Alpha. Alpha takes care of his people, and you ARE my people, Talia. By telling me not to do this, you are telling me not to be an Alpha." He turned to Evanora. "You agree, right? Talia is just a girl, and I am an Alpha. It is more beneficial for you to make a deal with me than with her. I agree to pay in her stead." 
Evanora eyed him suspiciously and Axel hoped that she won't figure out that Talia is an Alpha also. They didn't mention that to anyone since they passed through the portal, and if witches couldn't detect they are werewolves, then they couldn't determine the strengths of their wolves either. At least that's what Axel hoped for. 
Evanora extended her hand and before Talia could react, Axel put his hand into Evanora's, and a white light flashed upon contact. 
"It's done.", Evanora said. 
"No…", Talia said shakily. "You can't, Axel." 
"It's OK, Talia. I said I will help you get your mate back, and I will do that." He cupped her cheeks to make her look at him. "Our parents made the mistake of worrying about the future so much that they neglected to see the present. I won't repeat their mistakes. Our priority is to get Damon back and we will worry about everything else later. The time is running out. Trust in the Moon Goddess. There is a reason we are here and I'm confident the reason is not that we return home empty-handed." 
Talia was never so conflicted in her life. She didn't want Axel to give up on his mate, but then… was that the deal? What would the witches do? Come and take Axel's mate away? Or his firstborn child? Talia didn't understand, but she knew that Axel was right about one thing: the time was running out. 
Cassandra observed all this without making a sound, and when she saw that everyone turned to look at her, she scrambled to get her stuff out of the backpack she was carrying. 
Step by step, Cassandra explained how she cast a spell on Damon. 
Evanora listened to all this with interest, asked questions, and took notes occasionally. 
When Cassandra was done, Evanora turned to Talia. "You said that he is under the effect of black runes? How do you know that?" 
"He couldn't remember me, and he didn't feel our bond.", Talia responded. 
"How do you know it's the runes? The spell Cassandra described works on a person who is in the circle. The moment he stepped out, the effect would wear off." 
Talia shook her head. "I saw runes flickering on his skin. And when I entered the circle, I was not impacted." 
Evanora blinked. "You entered this circle, and the runes didn't impact you?" 
Talia confirmed. 
"She is blessed by the Moon Goddess.", Cassandra said. "The runes had no effect on her." 
Talia gritted her teeth. This was the second time for Cassandra to blabber in the same evening. What's her problem? She was the one who hurt Damon, but then she was super-helpful, so Talia lowered her guard, but now it looked like Cassandra was setting her up. 
Evanora narrowed her eyes at Cassandra. "Excuse me if I find that difficult to believe. What does this blessing mean?" 
Talia realized that Evanora wanted proof, but Talia didn't trust her and she needed to respond quickly before Cassandra says more things that might get her into trouble. 
"I have more power than an average member of our pack, and it happened under the moonlight, so Cassandra thinks there is more to it. However, I stepped on a rune and ruined it while walking toward him, and I believe I broke the spell or at least weakened it." 
There were a few seconds of stiffening silence before Evanora nodded. "True. Removing a rune will break the spell. But runes can't be removed while the spell is in progress without a price to pay." After a brief pause, Evanora continued, "We will get back to it later. You said that he had runes on his body. Do you remember which ones?" 
Talia looked at runes drawn on the parchment and pointed. "This one and this one." 
At first, Talia thought it was random, but during her three days-long stay in a cave, while tending to Damon, she confirmed there were two runes. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
After looking at the runes Talia pointed at, Evanora said, "You should be happy." 
Talia didn't get it. "I should?" 
Evanora nodded. "This spell is designed to block the energy of the person affected, shut down his senses and his emotions, making him an empty shell. This rune will seal his spiritual energy. And this one will remove the thing he loves the most. The fact that he didn't remember you should tell you how much you mean to him." 
'Seal spiritual energy!', Liseli shouted in Talia's head. 'That's why I couldn't reach Sapa!' 
Talia smiled sadly. She should be happy that Damon loves her above everything else, but what's the point of it if he can't remember her? 
"Is there a way to reverse it?", Talia asked. 
"Yes. But it won't be simple." 
Talia steeled her resolve. "Tell me what needs to be done." 
Evanora stood up and pulled a string that hung on the wall. A few seconds later, Cornelia entered the room with her breasts bouncing with every step she took and Axel was back to staring at his shoes. He thought that women in the forest were (nearly) naked because they were dancing, but Cornelia still had only one flimsy garment to cover her crotch area. 
"We need to create a spell that will remove black runes.", Evanora said. "Summon other priestesses." 
Axel whimpered. Can he be excused from this if more naked women come in? At this rate, he will pass out from a prolonged erection and a serious case of blue balls. 
Cassandra perked up. She will get to watch witches at work! 
Cornelia scurried out to execute orders that Evanora gave, and Talia asked, "Can you tell me more about the deal you made? What are you expecting from Axel in return for helping me?" 
Evanora looked at Talia seriously. "Your brother showed bravery and care by stepping in to pay in your place. You should respect that and not question it." 
"I respect him, but I want to know how much it will cost." 
"Why?", Evanora challenged her. "If it's too much, will you give up on your mate?" 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. What kind of a question was that? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 478 A deal with witches (3)
Chapter 478 A deal with witches (3)
"I appreciate your concern, Talia.", Axel said. "But Evanora said it will be of equal value and I am ready for it. As an Alpha, you learn that sometimes you need to make tough decisions, but this was not one of those." 
Talia's chin shivered. "Oh, Axel…" She choked a sob. "It's not fair that I got a brother, and you already need to give up things for me. How will I ever repay you?" 
Axel chuckled. "No wonder Damon clung to you like that. He knew you will be an amazing Luna. Always thinking about others first." He took her hand into his and gave her a squeeze. "Fight for what's yours and be happy, Talia. That's how you will repay me. And when the time comes for me to pay the fee, if you don't agree, fight for me as well." 
Evanora cackled. "That's not how it works." 
Axel lifted his chin defiantly. "But that's exactly how it works. The deal is that I will pay you equal value, and I will. There is nothing I can do if my sister comes to take that back." 
Evanora blinked and regarded Axel seriously. "You are a smart man, but don't think I will make it easy for you." 
"I'm sure that my awesome sister will find a way. She won't allow me to suffer." 
Talia was touched. "Thank you for believing in me." 
Evanora snorted. "How touching. But we should leave sentimental stuff for later. We have work to do, and I believe you mentioned you are in a hurry…" 
The priestesses trickled in one by one making the large office space appear cramped. 
To Axel's horror, they were all topless and close. Too close. He was sweating. What the heck was this place? His personal hell? 
"Do you mind if I sit on the side?", Axel asked. He didn't want to leave Talia unprotected, but the only one in danger was him because this was too much. Without waiting for a response, he took his chair and sat in the far corner. 
"I believe that most of us are here.", Cornelia said while looking at the women present. "A few sisters just woke up, and they will come a bit later." 
"Alright. We can start.", Evanora announced. "Here is what we are facing…" 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia and Cassandra both listened carefully to Evanora explaining the situation to the women in the room. She used some unknown words and Cassandra was writing down things like she knew what Evanora was talking about. 
After Evanora was done, the women quickly divided tasks with Cornelia taking the lead. They needed to make potions and create chants, and they also discussed how and where to perform the spell. 
"It will be the best if you do it.", Evanora said to Talia. 
Talia was sure that Evanora was talking to someone else. But everyone was looking at her, so she had to ask, "Me?" 
Evanora confirmed. "The spell removed you from his mind and heart. It's best if you are the one to remove black magic." Seeing that Talia didn't respond, Evanora continued, "The effect will be strongest under the light that dispels the darkness. Full Moon." 
Talia's brows came together. If her calculations were right, the full moon in the human realm was still several days away, and here, that would be several months! Can she stay that long without Damon? 
The idea of Damon spending a few days out there with Marcy while not remembering Talia was making her heart tighten. 
"Do I need to wait until then?", Talia pleaded. 
"If you do it earlier, the chance of failure will increase.", Evanora said. 
Cornelia got an idea. "We can make a suppressing potion. Its effect is temporary, but it will negate the runes." 
The other priestesses murmured in agreement. 
Evanora's lips lifted into a smile, and she looked at Talia. "That will cost you extra." 
"I will pay for it!", Cassandra exclaimed, surprising everyone. She cleared her throat and stepped in front of Evanora. "Allow me to participate in making the potion. Or at least to watch, and I will pay." 
Cassandra was not stupid. She knew that this might be a double-edged sword, but her desire to learn magic was overwhelming. She was prideful because she was the only Oracle in the pack, the only one with knowledge of this ancient magic while others could either serve as assistants or watch. How wonderful it will be if she can learn from the witches! 
"Are you asking to pay the fee, or to be taken in as an apprentice?", Evanora asked dryly. 
"I know what I did was wrong.", Cassandra said. "My ignorance is not an excuse. However, now that I've met you, I realized that I barely scratched the surface. In my desire for magic, I took shortcuts while disregarding consequences, and I hope that you can show me the way. I promise to follow your orders. I will pay the fee for the potion and stay here to clean or assist with whatever you need until you tell me that it's enough. You won't regret it." 
Seeing that Evanora didn't react to Cassandra's speech, Cornelia stepped forward. "We never refuse a child who wants to learn. I will be in charge of the potion, so I will make the deal with you." 
Cornelia extended her hand, and Cassandra quickly clasped it. White light flashed when their hands connected and Cornelia said, "It's done." 
Cornelia's lips lifted in a wicked smile. "I hope you won't regret this." 
Cassandra's hair stood on ends and she wondered if she made a mistake. 
Talia had no idea how to react to this second deal and even though she knew that Cassandra did it for selfish reasons, Talia was grateful. 
The door opened silently, and Talia glanced to see a young woman slipping through the crack. She had shoulder-length blonde hair and light blue eyes that sparkled. A silky white fabric covered her crotch area, and otherwise, her slender body was revealed, matching the appearance of other priestesses. 
"Yasmin", Evanora called. "How nice of you to join us." 
Yasmin stopped in her tracks. "I apologize, mother, for running late. I was sleeping when Cornelia called and I had difficulty waking up." 
"Well, you are awake now when the work is done.", Evanora said with disapproval in her voice and mumbled under her breath, "When will you learn responsibility?" 
Talia suppressed a smile. Evanora was respected and powerful, yet this little woman was pushing her buttons. It was evident that Yasmin being late was not the first time. 
Talia glanced at Yasmin and her eyebrows shot up when she saw the girl looking intently toward the corner. 
Talia turned in slow motion to see Axel standing there and staring at Yasmin like she was the only woman in the room. 
It took Talia one long second to recognize that look. Mates. 
Yasmin moved toward Axel, and Axel moved toward her, and the priestesses moved so that the newly mated couple can meet in the middle of the room. 
By now, all women were looking at them, and Evanora frowned while trying to figure out what was going on. 
"I'm Axel…", he said, and she responded with a dreamy smile, "Yasmin." 
Axel reached for Yasmin's hand and they both jerked upon contact. 
"No!", Evanora exclaimed, and Talia got a start, unsure why Evanora would react this way. 
--- 
See pic of Evanora and Yasmin in the comments. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 479 Yasmin
Chapter 479 Yasmin
Author's note: 
Thank you, Peaches1, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 3, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Cornelia put her hand over her wide-open mouth. "Yasmin found her soulmate." The voice was not loud, but the room was silent, so everyone heard it. 
Evanora looked like she was about to pass out, so Talia moved closer to Cornelia to ask, "Witches also have mates?" 
"Every creature has a soulmate. No one was made to walk alone.", Cornelia responded. "We are children of nature, and we are in tune with the energies so when we meet our other half, we know he is the one. However, Yasmin can feel it more than most of us because she has the blood of a werewolf…" 
"Cornelia!", Evanora hissed a warning for the priestess to stop talking and Cornelia closed her mouth so quickly that her teeth chattered. 
It took Talia a moment to process this information. Everyone called Evanora by her title, but Yasmin addressed her as 'mother'. Was Evanora Yasmin's biological mother? And if Yasmin has a blood of a werewolf, does that mean her father was a werewolf? Evanora and a werewolf!? 
But… everyone they met so far was female. Was it possible that Evanora's lover was a werewolf and they separated when the portal was closed? That would explain Evanora's bitterness at the mentioning of werewolves and the portal but… that happened ages ago. How old was Evanora? How old was Yasmin? 
Or maybe there were more portals or Yasmin's father was nearby, and Talia allowed her imagination to see the clues when there were none. 
Talia realized that she was looking at her sister-in-law. And then she remembered the deal Axel agreed to pay for in Talia's stead. 
Will this impact the deal they made to dispel black runes from Damon? 
A mate for a mate. What could that mean? Talia couldn't believe that Axel just jumped into that without clarifying it. It was vague and open to interpretation. 
Talia hoped that Evanora won't try to separate Axel from his mate because that would hurt Yasmin also, and it was obvious that Evanora was fond of the girl. 
Talia was lost in her thoughts, and she looked up in time to see Yasmin grabbing Axel's hand and yanking him toward the door. He followed as possessed. 
"You are NOT allowed to couple!", Evanora shouted after them. "Did you hear me!?" 
Priestesses giggled as Yasmin completely ignored her. Oh, they were going to do the naughty, definitely. 
"If you bite her, I will break you!", Evanora exclaimed and cursed under her breath when the door closed behind Axel. 
Talia was glad that Evanora didn't do anything extreme to prevent Axel to be with his mate, even though the High Priestess was visibly upset. 
"He will not mistreat her.", Talia said to Axel's defense. "Axel is a good man. He kept himself pure for his mate." 
Evanora cringed at this last part. Did Talia need to mention purity? 
"It will be alright. Soulmates are made for each other. He is exactly what Yasmin needs, and she is what he was looking for.", Cornelia said while putting her arms around Evanora who was still glaring at the closed door, but her expression softened after Cornelia's words. 
Seeing that Evanora calmed down a bit, Cornelia turned to the other priestesses in the room. "Yasmin was blessed to find her other half and we should celebrate. This is the first time in more than a century that our sister found a soulmate!" 
Priestesses exploded in cheers and high-pitched noises. 
Talia blinked. Did Cornelia say, more than a century? She took a mental note to stop guessing people's age based on appearances. 
One priestess sneaked close to Talia to ask, "Are there more males from where you came from?" 
Talia nodded. "Yes. I will bring more next time if Evanora allows it. Or you can go back with me and try your luck in finding a mate." 
"Stop tempting them!", Evanora hissed, and turned to priestesses who were looking at Talia with sparkles in their eyes, "We have work to do. Cornelia, divide work between potions and spells." 
"What about the celebration?", a voice was heard from the back. 
Evanora looked at eager faces directed her way, and she gave in. "We will have a fest tomorrow at sunset." 
Talia smiled a little as this was a sign that Evanora might give Axel some hard time, but she won't stand between Axel and his mate. 
It was a reason to celebrate. 
Talia remembered Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia. Would they be upset that they will miss this occasion? Probably. But then… that duo did so much wrong, maybe this will be their punishment or at least part of it. 
She saw that priestesses were leaving the study, and Cassandra was sticking close to Cornelia while ignoring Talia's presence. 
Talia turned to ask Evanora, "Can I help somehow?" 
"Not at this point.", Evanora said. "I'm sure you are tired. Someone will escort you to a room and we will send you food. Take a few hours to rest." 
"Thank you.", Talia responded. She was not tired nor hungry. She really wanted to keep busy knowing that the moment she finds solitude, Damon will come to her mind, but she didn't want to be in the way either. 
- - - 
Axel had no idea how he found himself in the room that was filled with a sensually sweet feminine scent with nutmeg undertones. Jasmine. 
He remembered that he was trying to hide his presence in the corner. The study was full of nearly naked females that were shuffling and sometimes coming dangerously close to him with their scents mixing and muddling his mind. 
But then he heard a melodious voice a second before the exotic scent of Jasmine reached him, gentle yet overpowering everything else. 
The world faded, leaving only him and the blue-eyed beauty in front of him, and then he heard a voice in his head, "Mate". 
Axel couldn't believe that was happening. He was familiar with every unmated female in the Midnight Guardians pack, and he traveled far and wide with the hope to meet his mate, and he never imagined that she would be in a different realm, a place he didn't know about until one day ago. 
When their hands touched, an electric current zapped through his arm, catching him by surprise, and confirming that this was real. He found his mate, and she was stunning. 
Blonde hair ending at her shoulders framed her exquisite face and even though she was nearly naked, he ended up staring into her light blue eyes that were curious and emotional, and there was an animalistic element he couldn't put his finger on. Perfect. 
Did she say her name was Yasmin? 
Such an appropriate name for a girl that smells of Jasmine and looks like a delicate white flower. His flower. 
She grabbed his hand and he followed obediently, not caring where she was leading him because even if she was going to a raging volcano, he would accompany her willingly. 
And here they were. Not in a volcano, but in a room. Just the two of them. 
Yasmin was standing half a step from him and observing his expression with sparkles in her eyes and… that was it. 
Was he supposed to do something now? Axel was not sure. 
He decided to look around. 
There was a sitting area in the corner with two chairs on each side of a low table, a desk with another chair, and then there was a bed. He swallowed hard. 
Axel knew how this should go. They should get to know each other over dinner and a movie before they progress to kissing and other stuff, but there was no restaurant and definitely no movie theatre and the fact that she was technically naked was not helping him think. 
--- 
You can see Yasmin's pic in the comments. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 480 An Alpha and a witch (1)
Chapter 480 An Alpha and a witch (1)
Author's note: 
Thank you, ErikaJ35, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 3, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Unsure about what to do next, Axel thought it would be good to talk a bit, to break the ice. 
"Yasmin…", he called, and her smile widened. "Tell me something about yourself." 
Yasmin blinked. "Do you really want to talk?" 
Axel cleared his throat. "Is there something else you want to do?" 
"Ugh!", a strained groan formed in his throat when she cupped his family jewels without any warning and her cheeks warmed when she felt him hard under her touch. 
"We are soulmates.", she said. "Don't you feel the attraction?" 
Axel nodded. Of course, he felt the attraction. More than attraction, he felt her hand down there, touching his precious parts! 
Yasmin's little tongue darted to moisten her lips. "Don't you feel the need to copulate and claim me as yours?" 
Axel nodded again and his eyes flashed in shock when her thumb stroked his throbbing cock. The touch was gentle, yet firm, and he thought that he will explode right then and there. 
Axel whimpered. Why did she look at him like she will eat him alive? Shouldn't he be the one to do the eating? But she was so beautiful, with smooth skin and perfect features and he feared that he will spoil something if he touches her. 
She glanced at him from top to bottom, observing that he had clothes on. Too many clothes. "Are you ashamed of your body?" 
Axel was not sure why she asked him that. "What? No." 
"So, then… Is it me? Do you not like what you see?" 
"What?" 
Yasmin's smile fell, and her brows came together. "Are you not willing? Am I not to your liking?" 
She started moving her hand away from his crotch, and he quickly grabbed her wrist to press her hand back there. 
"Don't you feel this?", he spoke in a strained voice. "It means you are to my liking." Actually, he never saw a woman more beautiful than Yasmin. She even smelled great. Everything about her was perfect, for him. 
"Then? What's the problem?" 
Axel's face exploded in blush. It was difficult to focus on the conversation when she was almost naked, and the fact that she was touching him was not helping. 
"I never did anything like this. I don't want to do something you won't like." 
Yasmin's eyebrows shot up in realization. "You never touched a woman?" 
Axel lowered his head in embarrassment. He knew that he shouldn't be ashamed that he was never intimate with a woman, but the fact that he didn't know what to do while Yasmin looked confident was eating him alive. 
She took his free hand that was resting by his side and raised it higher. 
Axel swallowed hard at the sensation of the soft flesh in his palm and the electric charges that shot from there to his shoulder. His stomach flipped at the realization that he was holding her left breast with her hand on top of his, but he didn't miss that her cheeks were crimson, and her breathing became heavy. 
"You can feel our bond?", Axel asked, when he remembered how she said they are soulmates. He heard that humans don't feel the bond, and since he didn't smell a wolf in her, he assumed she will be the same. 
Yasmin nodded. "Wherever you touch me, it's electric." Her cheeks heated more. "You are the first man to put hands on me." 
"Oh…", a silly sound escaped Axel's lips and he watched as Yasmin guided his other hand around her while stepping toward him. 
Her arms snaked around his neck, and she got on her toes to speak into his lips. "You are my soulmate. We are meant to be together, and I love the fact that I am your first because you will be my first also." 
Before Axel could process this information, her lips landed on his, and his brain short-circuited. 
For a few long seconds, they just stood like that, with their lips pressing on each other without moving a muscle. 
Axel could feel his wolf stirring, urging him to pounce on the woman in front of him and claim her as his, but Axel suppressed his urges. Yasmin was fair and delicate, and he didn't want to act like a savage. 
They didn't know which one of them moved first, but little by little their lips started gliding against each other, and Axel released Yasmin's soft peak to circle her with both of his arms and pull her close to him. 
She was so small and fragile compared to him, and he wanted to envelop her in his presence and protect her forever. 
Yasmin arched into Axel and pulled him closer, and a small sigh escaped her lips, stirring him to kiss her more. 
"By the Moon Goddess, you taste amazing…", he mumbled into her lips and then he kissed her again even though she giggled at his words. 
His kisses turned hungry and sloppy, and she was lost in his presence. 
It was the first time for Yasmin to feel such a firm body against hers and it sent tingles to her brain. She wished that he wore fewer clothes and she started tugging his shirt out of his pants. 
Axel had no idea if she used her hands or magic to undress him, but in less than a minute he was naked and on the bed with Yasmin. 
He thought that this will be challenging, yet somehow… he knew exactly which areas of Yasmin's body to kiss and which ones to caress to ignite the fire within her. Was it because of the mate bond? Or was he a natural? It didn't matter. 
The scent of her arousal hit him hard and when his hand ventured between her legs, both of them shuddered as his finger sank between her drenched folds. 
Axel never felt anything so warm and soft, and the way her body arched spurred him to touch her more down there. 
He quickly found a small peak that was like a button for him to caress and make her moan. He loved the way she gripped his back and kissed him fervently, but the best were moments when she lost control and gasped into his mouth. 
"Yasmin… Yasmin…", he chanted while kissing her lips and neck and wherever he could reach, his fingers moving faster with each stroke. 
Her hips moved unexpectedly, and his finger slid inside her. 
They both froze. 
"Are you alright?", Axel asked in a strained voice. 
"Please…", she breathed, her eyes wide open due to sudden intrusion down there, but she didn't dislike it. "Don't stop." 
His lips lifted into a smug smile when he realized that she wanted more, and he slowly pushed his finger deeper inside her, making her squirm under his ministrations. 
Yasmin felt his hot cock grinding on her side, and her hand moved from his back toward the front. She really wanted to feel him out. 
Axel shuddered when she caressed his hard cock that was aching to explore her depths and he hoped that she won't stroke him much because he didn't want to come before they started the real thing. He could describe her touch as magical.
###Chapter 481 An Alpha and a witch (2)
Chapter 481 An Alpha and a witch (2)
Yasmin was never intimate with a man, but priestesses taught her about body parts and how things work, and she wondered if Axel's thing will fit in her because just his finger was making her feel the fullness in her. 
Any thoughts of caution disappeared when Axel added a second finger and started thrusting inside her while his palm pressed on her clit. 
His touch was electric, making her whole body hum and she rocked her hips to meet his hand. 
Yasmin gripped Axel's back and buried her face in the crook of his neck, her labored breaths splashed on his skin, telling him to keep going. And he did. 
"Ah… Ah… AH!", she cried as her body trembled, getting closer to the climax with each stroke, and Axel groaned while imagining his cock in there instead of his fingers. 
Without any warning, Yasmin's hand fell on top of Axel's and she applied pressure to push his hand away. 
Axel paused, wondering if he did something wrong. He thought he was doing great, and she responded wonderfully, and thanks to the mate bond he could feel that she was aroused and happy, but then… maybe he didn't interpret the signals correctly. 
"Did I hurt you?", he asked. 
Yasmin shook her head. 
"Was it not good?" 
She shook her head again. 
Axel was at a loss. Did she change her mind? "Then, what?" 
"Not with hand.", she said, her voice barely above a whisper. 
He was confused. "Don't you like it?" 
"For the first time, not with hand." She took two deep breaths and forced herself to look into his honeyed eyes. "Witches follow what nature and our instincts tell us and right now… my instincts are telling me to merge with my mate and not just his hand." 
It took him a second to understand what she was saying, and he swiftly moved on top of her, to settle between her legs. 
His hard cock pressed between her folds and both of them inhaled sharply at the sparks that tingled their most sensitive parts. 
Axel's hips rocked and he started grinding himself on her, every move had more confidence than the previous one as he coated his shaft with her juices. 
He kissed her deeply, and he loved the sensation of her little tongue dancing with his. Right then and there, he ascertained that kissing Yasmin will be his favorite thing to do for the years to come. 
Axel couldn't believe that this was happening. 
He longed for his mate forever. He imagined that the woman will be tall or short, slim or chubby, blonde, brunette, redhead, and anything in between, but he never imagined anyone so perfect. Yasmin was perfect. For him. 
Yasmin's hips moved to meet Axel's, and just how it happened with his finger, they both froze when their angles changed and his tip pressed against her entrance. 
Her gaze didn't waver, silently telling him to keep going. 
Axel swallowed hard and he didn't break eye contact as his hand moved between them to guide himself to the right position. 
Slowly, very slowly he pushed against her, and a vein popped on his forehead at the sensation of her hot flesh gripping his cock firmly. It was heavenly, and every cell in his body screamed for more, but he forced himself to move slowly as he didn't want to hurt her more than he already did. 
Yasmin's mouth was open in a silent cry at the scorching sensation of her insides stretching to accommodate his length. This was definitely much more than his two fingers and she was back to wondering if he will fit. 
The priestesses told her that during the first entry there will be a sharp pain, but this whole thing hurt like hell, and she wondered if the sharp pain happened already, or was it yet to come. But she didn't hate it because it all came wrapped in a layer of addictive sparks, and she wondered if she was losing her mind when she could feel so much pleasure with pain. 
Yasmin blinked her tears away to see better because she was not sure if she was imagining that Axel's eyes shimmered in silvery light. 
Axel gripped her hip and in one quick stroke buried himself for that last inch. 
Yasmin saw stars, and she held onto his back like holding onto her dear life. 
A fierce growl ripped from Axel's chest as searing energy spread through his veins, threatening to burn him alive. His whole body buzzed, and he could clearly feel the woman below him. They were one. 
Axel's hips rocked a bit and Yasmin gasped. He moved again, and again, struggling to control his thrusts and not give in to the maddening desire to plunder her insides. 
Axel never felt anything like it. His cock was enveloped in her wet heat that clutched him in an airtight grip to deliver addictive sparks straight into his brain, and he hoped that this will never end. Unfortunately, after only a few thrusts he became aware of an incoming orgasm that threatened to come too soon, and he knew that he can't stop it so his mission became to make Yasmin come first. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Axel started kissing and sucking her neck, nipping occasionally, and then licking her there while searching for the perfect spot. 
Yasmin was lost in the sensation of Axel all around her, and inside as well. The pressure in her core was building up at an alarming rate, and she feared that she might pass out if this lasts much longer, but she didn't want it to end. 
"Axel… Axel…", she chanted wantonly, spurring him to move faster. 
Her body moved on its own to respond to his, all the pain long forgotten, leaving only pleasure and need for more. 
Axel's instincts took over and he shifted a bit to change the angle of his thrust, hoping that he won't come too soon because she was almost there. He smiled when Yasmin's moan told him he was on the right track, and he was back to nipping her neck, waiting for the right time to put his mark on her flesh. 
Yasmin's body tensed below him, and she exploded in a cry a moment before piercing pain assaulted her neck. 
Yasmin felt the heat spreading and her whole body was threatening to combust from the overload of sensations as Axel rammed himself inside her mercilessly. 
Axel groaned when her tight pussy clenched around him, pushing him over the edge and he exploded to shoot his seed inside her, thrusting in shaky movements to prolong their flight. 
Yasmin was dazed and her body twitched as he licked the spot where he bit her. It was super-sensitive. 
"Axel…", she called breathily. 
"Mine", he growled. 
After making sure he licked her neck well to heal quickly, Axel lifted his head to look at Yasmin. 
Her flushed face was adorable and he gave himself a thumbs up for enduring and not coming first. 
Axel cleared his throat. "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Axel Moonrider, Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack." 
Yasmine blinked. "Don't you think we should do the introduction before sex?" 
Axel's eyes widened, and he reminded her, "I wanted to talk first, but you said that we should do other things, so…" His voice trailed. 
Yasmine giggled, making her insides squeeze around him because he was still sheathed in her. 
"Do you regret it, Axel Moonrider, Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack?" 
"No.", Axel said right away. "And I will make sure you don't regret it either." 
His head dipped for him to kiss the spot where he marked her a minute ago, and Yasmin released a shaky breath. 
Axel grinned. That's his mark, and that's his mate, and nothing else mattered. 
Axel couldn't wait to see Kai and tell him how he is not the only one who did it! And he was looking forward to taking Yasmin with him and introducing her as the pack Luna. But what he wanted to do the most was… 
"Can we do it again?" 
Yasmin smiled and pulled him down for a kiss. He took that as a, yes. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 482 The Silver Flame fountain (1)
Chapter 482 The Silver Flame fountain (1)
Talia walked through the garden and observed the colors changing as dawn cracked. 
Just as Talia feared, sleep didn't come to her. Whenever she closed her eyes, mental images of Damon and Marcy plagued her mind, so she gave up on sleeping and decided to take a walk. 
She sat at the edge of a circular basin of a fountain and looked at the still water. In the middle was a sculpture of a woman and a wolf. The wolf was on his hind legs, two creatures leaning on each other while reaching up for something in the sky, and Talia guessed that from there water would flow if the fountain was working. 
Talia dipped her fingers in the chilly water and tried to think how much time passed for Damon. 
Since Damon passed through the portal, one day for Talia should be about one hour for Damon. 
Axel predicted that Damon would need at least one day to reach the Dark Howlers pack, but Talia knew that Damon would reach there in less. He was the fastest and the strongest guy she knew and in his wolf form, he was like a flash. Talia remembered her vision just before she passed out while opening the portal. Damon didn't wander. He was moving in one direction, with purpose. He knew where he was going, straight toward the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. 
Talia's heart tightened at the memory when she saw him the last time, in the cave. 
She knew that Damon was not himself when he pushed her away, but it still hurt. 
Liseli told her not to worry about it because Damon didn't remember her and she shouldn't blame him. But Talia remembered clearly all the gentle words and caresses and promises, and then it was all gone as he pushed her away with disgust like she has some disease. 
It made her wonder if he even liked her or if it was just the bond. Talia snorted. How is she supposed to believe in a relationship that was relying only on a bond that was put there by the Moon Goddess? 
'Don't go there', Liseli said. 'Sure, the bond was the reason why it started, but then Damon got to know you and he saw that you are kind and generous and fierce and...' 
'And he forgot about it, so why does it matter?', Talia interrupted Liseli. 
'It matters. Didn't you think of him as a scary brute at first? If someone erased the memories of your time at the Dark Howlers pack, you would be glad that he left.' 
Well, Talia agreed with that. But, was she supposed to forgive him for the harsh treatment because he didn't remember her? And what if he ends up cozying up with Marcy? Should Talia overlook that as well? Her insides churned at that thought. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Can't sleep?" 
Talia turned to see Evanora approaching her. 
It was obvious that she couldn't sleep, but Talia didn't want to share her thoughts. 
"When will the potion and the spell be ready?", Talia asked. 
"By lunchtime, it should be ready, but I recommend that you give us time to test the effectiveness before you leave." 
Talia was surprised by this. "Test it? Like… on a person?" 
"Mhm…", Evanora hummed and stood by Talia while looking at the unmoving statue of the woman and the wolf. 
"You have a person willing to get under the effect of black runes in order to test dispelling it?" 
Evanora cocked an eyebrow. "We have a person who made a deal to be helpful." 
Talia's stomach tightened when she realized that Evanora was talking about Cassandra. 
"How do your deals work?" 
"Our magic bounds us to stick to the agreement." 
"How?" 
"Cassandra won't be able to leave this place until conditions are met." 
Talia was alarmed. She didn't care about Cassandra, but what about Axel? The deal was a mate for a mate. Were they planning to keep Axel here until he finds his mate? And then what? And what if Yasmin was not his mate? 
"How would that impact Axel?", Talia asked, and Evanora's expression tightened. 
"If I knew this would happen, I would make a deal with you." 
"Me? Why me?" 
Evanora shook her head, refusing to answer. "Don't worry about your brother, Talia. He is the soulmate of my daughter. I would never harm her." 
'Holy-moly!', Liseli exclaimed in Talia's head. 'I think they wanted to keep Axel here as a breeding stud.' 
'As a what!?' 
'Didn't you notice they are lacking males?', Liseli asked. 'But now that Yasmin's future is tied to Axel's, Evanora won't force Axel into fornicating with other witches.' 
'Axel would never get intimate with a woman who is not his mate because that would be giving up on his powers.' 
'Evanora doesn't know that.', Liseli said. 
Talia's expression tightened. 'But what if she does know?' Another level of panic swelled in Talia. 'How would that work if I made the deal? Would they take my mate away?' 
Liseli growled. 'He wouldn't touch another woman. Not with the bond, but...' 
'But?' 
'If the breeding is for creating offspring, they could drug him or cast a spell to think it was you. Or they could collect samples without the act of coupling.' 
Talia's insides churned. Was she close to putting Damon in another hell because she was reckless? 
'Don't worry about things that didn't happen.', Liseli said. 'Things worked out. Selena is watching over us, Talia.' 
Talia cringed. If the Moon Goddess was watching, they wouldn't end up in this mess. 
"Is something wrong?", Evanora noticed changes in Talia's expression. 
Talia scrambled her brain for a way to answer this without exposing her conversation with Liseli. "I was just thinking about Cassandra. Will she be OK during the test?" 
"You are worried about her?", Evanora asked with amusement in her voice. "That woman cursed your mate. He is in a bad condition, and you are probably wondering if that's because you interrupted the spell before it was over. If you didn't intervene, he would be in a much worse state. Maybe dead. Shouldn't you be angry at Cassandra? Eager for revenge?" 
Talia shook her head. "That won't get my mate back." 
"You are letting her go unpunished?" 
Talia took a moment to think about it. Cassandra did wrong, but Talia was so busy with getting Damon back that she didn't think about punishing the Oracle. But then, if not for Cassandra, they wouldn't know about runes and witches, and they would definitely not be here. 
The last few days felt like a painful eternity, but there was something good in it, like Axel finding his mate, and that wouldn't happen if Cassandra didn't cooperate. 
"I believe that everyone should get a chance for redemption.", Talia said. "What Cassandra did was wrong, but she followed orders. And after that, she was helpful. I won't punish her for what happened. I believe that the Moon Goddess is watching, and Cassandra will get what she deserved. It's not on me to judge her." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 483 The Silver Flame fountain (2)
Chapter 483 The Silver Flame fountain (2)
Evanora laughed at Talia's words. 
"You are letting Cassandra go unpunished? If your mate ends up in Cassandra's hands again, do you think she will hesitate to use dark magic?" Evanora leaned toward Talia, their noses only inches apart. "By letting her go, someone will get hurt, and it will be your fault." 
Talia realized that Evanora was right. Maybe. 
"You can't blame me if Cassandra harms someone after this." 
"And who is to blame? Your Moon Goddess?" 
Talia didn't miss the bitterness in Elanor's tone. "You don't believe in the Moon Goddess?" 
Evanora's brows furrowed. "If she is out there, aware of what's going on, then she is a cruel person. Why would I put my hopes in her?" She turned to look at the statues in the middle of the fountain with longing. "We are called the Silver Flame Coven because there was a time when this fountain had flames that were said to be indistinguishable. On the day when the portal closed, the flames died, leaving us here to exist without a purpose, empty on the inside. Just like this fountain." 
'Oh, oh!', Liseli exclaimed in Talia's head. 'No wonder the fountain looked familiar. I know what she is talking about!' 
'You do?' 
'No time to explain. Put your hand in the water, Talia!' 
Talia had no idea what this was about, but she listened to Liseli. 
Talia saw her hand glowing in silvery light that traveled through the water toward the statues. 
Evanora stared in disbelief as statues shimmered like someone doused them in silvery glitter, but the most fantastic was when with a 'POOF!' a white flame emerged from the top of the fountain. 
It looked beautiful. 
"How did you do that?", Evanora asked. She knew very well how many spells they tried in order to revive the fountain, yet Talia did it like it was not a big deal. 
Talia smiled a little, feeling proud that Evanora's high and mighty expression cracked. 
"Maybe the Moon Goddess didn't forget you. What if she only tested you to ensure you are worthy?" 
Talia spoke with confidence to Evanora, but she was also giving herself a much-needed pep talk. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The day in the coven started with the commotion when one witch shouted, "THE SILVER FLAME FOUNTAIN IS ALIVE!" 
More than a hundred witches swarmed that area to see the fountain with white flames dancing at the top that were visible even in the broad daylight. Ripples of silvery light pulsated rhythmically in the calm water below it. 
Liseli told Talia that Selena has a similar fountain in her garden, but Liseli had no idea how that replica ended up here. 
Per Talia's request, Evanora didn't reveal that Talia was the one who made it work, but the witches whispered among themselves how the change happened due to one of the three newcomers based on the fact that it happened shortly after Talia, Axel, and Cassandra arrived. 
They were all hopeful, believing that this was a sign of good days ahead. 
The time dragged, and Talia felt every minute like an hour as she was itchy to leave this place and head after Damon, but this couldn't be rushed. 
Evanora explained that the potions and spells were something they were creating with their knowledge and experience, but there was no guarantee they will work, and that was why testing was necessary. 
Talia could imagine herself going to the Dark Howlers pack and facing Damon to perform a mystical ritual only for it to fail. Damon would probably throw her in the dungeon with other women who got on his nerves. But then… with him not remembering Talia, he won't know why Lisa, Nora, and the other women were there and he will probably release them. Talia's skin crawled uncomfortably at that thought. 
With the goal to distract herself, Talia asked to help with preparations for the feast. Activities in the kitchen were just what she needed. The mood was lively, and it reminded Talia of her time with Dawn and Zina. 
Witches would ask Talia about the life on the other side of the portal, and she told them about the Summer Solstice Festival, the amusement park, restaurants, and modern medicine, and she hoped that her voice stayed steady because each of those reminded her of Damon. Talia realized that every part of her life, since she left the Red Moon pack, was marked by Damon's presence, and she was not sure if that was a good thing. 
What if she can't dispel the black magic? Will she stay broken forever, stuck in the memories of Damon? 
Talia did her best to suppress negative thoughts and to focus on the egg wash she was applying to the dough that was going to be baked into perfect bread rolls. They were cooking with herbs, and it smelled divine. Talia hoped that she can make some of those dishes for Damon, after the dark magic is dispelled and things get back to normal. 
Throughout the day, Talia managed to chat with Cornelia and a few more witches. She found out that they were living on their own here and it was only women. Other than wild animals and familiars that witches created contracts with, there were no other creatures. 
Cornelia mentioned the time when witches coexisted with werewolves, but then one day they just disappeared. "We had three High Priestesses at that time, and they disagreed on what to do. One wanted to reopen the portal, the second one went to explore our realm with the hope to find passages to other realms, and Evanora stayed here. We never heard about the other two High Priestesses, and we assume that they either found a way out but couldn't return, or something horrible happened. 
Unfortunately, Cornelia didn't know more about that topic. 
Talia wondered if the disappearance of werewolves was related to the closing of the portal. Did she make a mistake by reopening it? Surely, someone didn't close the portal on a whim. She shook those thoughts away. What was done was done, and if she closes it now (assuming that she knows how), Axel and Yasmin would need to pick a side. 
Evanora was obviously the most knowledgeable about the past, but the High Priestess was too touchy, and Talia didn't want to provoke her. 
Talia was informed that if all goes well, the potions and spell will be ready by tomorrow morning. 
Somehow, the day passed, and the sun started dipping toward the horizon. 
Axel and Yasmin didn't come out of Yasmin's room, but the tray with food that was left in front of the door disappeared as a sign they were alive. 
Talia was happy for Axel, she truly was, but her heart tightened at the thought of how that was supposed to be her with Damon. They went to the cabin to spend three days being lovey-dovey and after an emotional night, they fell asleep on the grass, and then the nightmare began. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 484 The celebration begins
Chapter 484 The celebration begins
Talia went to her room with the intention to get ready for the celebration. Just like Axel, she brought with her a backpack with some snacks and a few changes of clothes. They didn't know how long they will spend on the other side of the portal, so they went prepared. 
Talia was surprised when two witches entered her room, saying that they came to help her get ready. She was about to go in her jeans and a fresh t-shirt, but the witches said how that was not appropriate for the occasion. 
Talia gaped at the two awfully tiny pieces of fabric, and a string. They obviously wanted her to dress as other witches, with cloth hanging loosely from her waist over her private areas and nothing else. Even skimpy sexy lingerie she bought with Maya provided more coverage than this! 
Talia scrambled her brain on how to reject this service. "Uhm… I appreciate your care, but I…" 
"We feel with our whole bodies", one of the witches said, interrupting Talia's protest. "How will nature and energies touch you if you are covered in so many layers?" 
Talia understood that logic, and as a she-wolf, she should be fine going around naked, but still… that's not how she grew up. 
After some negotiations, the witches produced another long and narrow piece of fabric that will be tied around Talia's chest to cover her nipples and give her girls a squeeze, so they don't jiggle when she moves. 
Talia wondered if Damon would be OK with her attending an event so scarcely dressed. She thought how it was silly that she craved his approval when he was not there, and he didn't even know who she was. 
The celebration was held in an open courtyard that was connected to the garden where the Silver Flaming fountain was. 
Long tables were arranged with benches on each side, and with more than a dozen of witches bringing out food, the area was set up within minutes. 
Everyone cheered and clapped when Axel and Yasmin stepped out, with Axel holding Yasmin close to him, unwilling to put even an inch of distance between them. 
The couple wore matching clothes which consisted of a string around the waist and two cloths, one in front and one in the back, just enough to cover private areas. Axel's shoulders were wide and his whole body ripped, and Yasmin walked proudly next to him with her chest sticking out. 
Talia admired Yasmin's courage. If that was Talia, she would shrink and try to hide behind Damon. 
Both Yasmin and Axel had white flowers in their hair and flower garlands around their necks. They looked festive. 
Talia pushed emerging memories of the Summer Solstice festival aside. She didn't want to think about dancing around the bonfire under Damon's watchful gaze, or when he found her in the town square under the clocktower, or when she gave him the garland of flowers after Damon asked her if there was a guy she liked more than she liked him. He said that he will cherish it forever and he asked her to help him preserve it. And then he kissed her. Their first kiss. 
This was not the time. Now she needed to focus on Axel and Yasmin, at least for the duration of this event. 
As Axel and Yasmin approached the table where Talia was, Talia noticed their skin shining like someone rubbed them with oil. The couple had symbols on their arms, chest, and face written with golden powder, making them sparkle under torches that were lit to illuminate the area, but the brightest were their smiles that reached their eyes. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Axel's eyes locked with Talia's and his hold on Yasmin tightened. Somehow, his vision tunneled on Talia who was there all alone, without Damon, and his chest tightened at the thought of how he would feel if someone took Yasmin from him. The mental image was unbearable, yet there was Talia, looking at him with a gentle smile, happy for him, like she was not dying on the inside. 
He realized that Talia was the true Alpha, able to endure personal pain and do the right thing. Would he be able to hold himself with such grace if that was him standing there? Axel was not sure. 
"Hi, Talia…", Axel greeted Talia awkwardly when they reached the elevated table that was for important people. He was feeling guilty for leaving Talia on her own for such a long time when he came with her to protect her and help her get Damon back. "I'm sorry for…" 
"Don't.", Talia interrupted him. "I am happy for you. I truly am. There is no better thing in life than a mate, Axel. Cherish her." 
Axel gave Talia a small nod and looked at Yasmin. "I will. Let me introduce you." He pulled Yasmin closer to him. "This is Talia, my sister…" 
Talia noticed the redness on Yasmin's neck, a sign that Axel's mark was forming there, and Talia hoped that Evanora won't make a fuss about it. Surely, by now she accepted that her daughter found her mate. 
Talia remembered that after Kai marked Meg, Meg was unconscious and her whole body was glowing. Meg later told her that she got the ability to break stuff and that it took her weeks to learn how to control it. Yasmin was not glowing or doing anything strange, and Talia wondered if the lack of odd things was because they didn't happen, or maybe because Yasmin could control it. After all, she was a witch. Axel should have his powers awakened also, and Talia wondered if it would be wise to ask about it or if that was a secret. She didn't want to appear too nosy. 
After exchanging pleasantries with Talia, Yasmin and Axel turned to Evanora who greeted them with a stiff smile. 
Evanora was seated in the center of the main table. Yasmin was on Evanora's left, and next were Axel and Talia. On Evanora's right was Cornelia, followed by two other priestesses that Talia assumed had a higher ranking compared to the others. 
The main table stood out because it was elevated compared to the others, and the seven people seated there were facing the courtyard with no one on the opposite side of the table to block the view. 
Talia smiled at the sight of Axel who immediately started piling up food on Yasmin's plate, and again, the scene reminded her of Damon, the cheeky Alpha who would feed her, hold her hand, and not miss any opportunity to get closer and sneak a kiss. 
The dinner started without speeches or introductions. 
Talia's eyes scanned the faces of witches who ate with gusto, occasionally glancing at Yasmin and Axel and giggling, and some looked at them with longing and maybe with a hint of jealousy. 
Yasmin and Axel were lost in their bubble, feeding each other and talking in whispers. 
Talia didn't see Cassandra, and she didn't want to ask where the Oracle was. After her talk with Evanora, Talia concluded that the less she knew about Cassandra, the better it will be because if she finds out that the woman was in danger, Talia won't be able to sit still and that would cause problems. 
She needed to focus on what was important: spells, potions, Damon, but first… she needed to force this delicious food down her throat or risk collapsing from hunger. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 485 The blessed union
Chapter 485 The blessed union
The last streaks of sunlight disappeared under the oncoming darkness, and the Silver Flame fountain glowed like a beacon. 
At a certain point, Evanora stood up. "It is time for the ceremony. Let us gather next to the fire." Her voice was not loud, yet every witch in attendance left food and chatter, and moved toward the fountain. 
Seeing that everyone was going there, Talia also followed. 
Yasmin and Axel stood in front of the fountain and held hands, and Evanora and Cornelia were with them. All witches circled the area while leaving space for the four people. 
"Come here…", Evanora gestured to Talia to stand next to Axel. 
With Talia in place and Cornelia next to Yasmin, Evanora stood in the middle and turned to speak to the witches gathered. 
"Yasmin has been blessed with a soulmate. I am happy that her man is determined to take good care of her and won't leave her behind..." 
Talia glanced at Axel questionably, and his confident expression told her that he had this discussion with Evanora already. Talia regretted not having the mind-link because she would ask him about the details, but she had a feeling that it went well. 
Evanora spoke about two people living in harmony with nature, and then she turned to face the fountain. 
"Bless your children and guide them through life…", Evanora spoke solemnly, and witches burst into the murmurs as the fountain's flames danced more wildly. 
Ripples of silvery light increased their pace noticeably as they pulsated from the middle of the fountain toward the edge, and the light reflected on the statue of the woman and the wolf, making it appear like they came alive. 
"Step inside.", Evanora instructed Yasmin and Axel, and Axel scooped Yasmin into his arms and walked over the edge to step into the water. 
Yasmin smiled dreamily as she slid down Axel's body to stand next to him, the delicious sparks that prickled her skin wherever they touched made her giddy. 
Yasmin loved how strong Axel was. They made love for hours and he did most of the work, yet he still carried her like she weighed nothing. She was proud that such a man was hers. 
Axel gazed into Yasmin's eyes, with his brain still high on the love-struck sensation, unsure if this was really happening, but he was confident that he didn't want to snap out of this daze because he was never so happy. 
Evanora continued murmuring chants in an ancient language, and witches burst into excited murmurs when ripples in the water started breaking and moving toward Axel and Yasmin to converge and reassemble around the couple. 
It was magical. 
The silvery light reflected on Axel and Yasmin, climbing up their skin, and making them glow. Literally. 
The two of them held each other and looked like ethereal statues. 
"The heavens accept your union.", Evanora said with a hint of sadness in her voice. "I hope your lives are blessed and full of happiness." 
Axel and Yasmin smiled at each other and then Axel leaned while Yasmin got on her toes, and their lips met into a long and sensual kiss that made witches giggle and sigh. 
"The ceremony is over!", Evanora exclaimed at the witches. "You can return to your tables and resume feast until morning." 
The witches started dispersing in a good mood, chattering excitedly about the event they just witnessed. 
Axel and Yasmin stepped out of the fountain, their skin still shimmering in silvery light. 
Cornelia and Talia were still there, and Evanora turned to Axel and Yasmin. "I have something to say. I hope you cherish what you have and always put each other first." Evanora turned to Axel. "As my gift to you, I announce that our deal is completed. A mate for a mate. Take care of my daughter, Axel." 
Axel looked at Evanora's extended hand, and he reached for a handshake. The moment their palms touched, white light burst upon contact, and Axel felt like some shackles that were around him disappeared. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"You made a deal with my mother?", Yasmin asked under her breath. She obviously didn't know about that. "A mate for a mate?" 
Axel looked at Yasmin guiltily, but she was not looking at him anymore even though her hold on him tightened. 
"What were you thinking?", Yasmin asked Evanora. "He is my soulmate. What would happen if I didn't come to your office last night, if we didn't meet in time, if we met too late…?" 
"What's done is done.", Evanora snapped. 
"No, mother.", Yasmin said, her voice breaking into sobs. "Even if Axel is not my mate, he would be someone else's. You can't make such deals." 
Evanora narrowed her eyes at Yasmin. "That's what we do, Yasmin. We are witches. We make deals. The same rules apply to everyone. If you only take without paying the price, you will find yourself on a path filled with darkness. Besides, it's not like I forced him, he offered himself." 
Yasmin turned to look at Axel. "You offered yourself?" 
Axel really didn't know what was the big deal. "My sister is here because her mate is under the effect of black runes. I owe her a lot and I thought that paying in her place was the right thing to do." That was the short version. 
Since they met, Axel and Yasmin were mostly engaged in carnal activities, and they didn't really talk. Now that he thought about this, Axel realized that he should tell her about his family situation, about the pack, and… so many other things. 
"Don't blame him.", Talia said to Yasmin. "Axel is a good man, always ready to help, even if that might harm him. I hope you will be by his side from now on to stop him from doing reckless things." 
Yasmin relaxed a bit at Talia's words, and she took Axel's hand, tugging him away with, "We need to talk." Talia wondered if Axel was in trouble, but then she saw him scooping Yasmin into his arms who giggled while wrapping her arms around his neck. He was walking away from the party, and toward the area where rooms were. Yup, they won't be talking much. 
"Thank you for freeing Axel from the deal.", Talia said to Evanora who was still there with Cornelia by her side. "I don't know about Axel, but I plan to leave as soon as the potion and spells are done." 
"That will be after breakfast.", Evanora said. "You will need to learn the spells." 
"I will do it tonight." Talia had no intention to sleep. 
"Yasmin expressed her desire to follow Axel through the portal.", Evanora said. "I believe they will join you." She turned to look at the fountain. "By bringing the flames back, you brought life to this coven. Everyone is hopeful. We didn't have this atmosphere in a long time. You also opened the portal, pulling us out of isolation. As a thank you, I will grant you a wish." 
Talia blinked when she realized that Evanora was waiting for her to speak up about that wish. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 486 Back at the portal [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 486 Back at the portal [Bonus chapter]
Talia wondered what to ask for. 
Can she ask for Damon to be freed from the effect of black runes? No. If there was a shortcut, Evanora wouldn't go through the trouble of creating potions and spells. Or maybe she would, just to make it seem more difficult and to tangle Talia in that sketchy deal. 
How about for Marcy to go back home? Or for Alpha Edward to give up on coveting what Damon has? 
Talia realized that she couldn't ask for too much, but she also didn't want to ask for something small either. She should be careful with what words she uses because it needed to be something Evanora will fulfill without games, and it should be something that Talia needed. With that, she got an idea. 
"A moving spell.", Talia said. "I need a way to quickly move within the same realm. Once is enough." As soon as she exits the portal into the human realm, she would teleport to the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. 
Evanora frowned. "Isn't your wish too simple? You can ask for anything." 
"This is what I want. Or is this too much in exchange for bringing life back to your Coven?" 
Evanora's frown deepened at Talia's words and it took her a few long seconds to respond. "The teleportation spell can't be given. It is something we practice for years. Ask for something else." 
Talia was confused. Was the movement spell too much or too less? It seemed that this was just another Evanora's scheme to get Talia tangled into a sketchy deal. 
Talia was about to say how she doesn't want anything when Cornelia spoke, "I can go with her." 
Evanora turned to glare at Cornelia who quickly explained, "I will help Talia move wherever she needs, and at the same time, I will ensure that Yasmin is doing well, and they don't close the portal." 
Talia had a feeling that Cornelia was eager to go and explore, and maybe meet her soulmate. Talia saw Cornelia looking at Yasmin and Axel with longing, so the witch definitely had an ulterior motive. But Talia liked Cornelia who was friendly and chatty, so she decided to support the idea. 
"Cornelia can be the pioneer in exploring other realms and she can tell you about the differences and what to expect when someone else from your coven decides to pass through the portal." 
"Can you guarantee Cornelia's safety, Alpha Talia?", Evanora asked stiffly. 
Talia paused at the way Evanora addressed her. 
Evanora smiled smugly. "Did you think I won't figure out that you are the real Alpha and not your brother? With your power, he can be an Alpha only if you allow it to happen." 
Talia didn't want to explain how she didn't see herself as an Alpha. It was not important. 
"Yes. I will guarantee Cornelia's safety.", Talia agreed solemnly. "But let me warn you, in the realm where Axel and Yasmin are going, the time flows in about the same way as here. In the realm that's my destination, time flows thirty times slower than here. Every day there will be thirty here, so don't be surprised if it takes a few months for Cornelia to return with news." 
Evanora nodded at this. "That's acceptable." They were alone for centuries. A few months was nothing. "What about your wish? Or are you forfeiting this chance?" 
"Does it come with a time limit?", Talia asked back. 
Evanora's eyebrows shot up in surprise when she understood, "You want to keep your wish for later?" 
"Yes.", Talia confirmed. 
"Alright. When you think of something, let me know." 
Talia exhaled in relief. She had a hunch that Evanora's intention was to trap her, but Talia didn't want anything other than to get Damon back. Talia was glad to have this wish from Evanora, but she truly hoped she will never use it. Actually, she was hoping for witches to owe her, and that gave her another idea. 
"Do you have other portals in your realm?", Talia asked, catching Evanora by surprise. From the stories she overheard in the kitchen, Talia understood that the biggest issue for witches was isolation. There were no other people besides them. 
Talia explained to Evanora and Cornelia how in the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack there are several portals, but only one was open and now there were two. "If you have more portals, I can try opening them. Cassandra has knowledge of portals, so you might want to talk to her also." 
"We will think about it.", Evanora responded cryptically, but Talia guessed that Evanora was interested. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
With Talia memorizing mysterious chants, the night passed quickly. 
Axel and Yasmin joined for breakfast that was organized in the same courtyard where the last night's party was. 
After they finished their meal, a lot of women gathered to escort the group of four back to the portal. 
Talia didn't see Cassandra, but she knew that the Oracle was staying with the witches. She didn't want to be bothered with Cassandra's fate. They already had so many things to juggle, and Cassandra was the one who initiated the deal with the witches, and she will need to honor it, for better or for worse. But Cassandra made the deal with Cornelia who was leaving, so Talia was not sure how that will work. Can the deal be transferred? She decided to ask about it later. 
The mood was lively as the people moved through the sparse forest. Witches surrounded Talia and were full of questions about what was on the other side of the portal. 
Talia was nervous and really not in the mood for chatter, but she didn't want to offend the witches. 
Talia wanted to ask why they were not using a teleportation spell to reach the portal, but then she saw Evanora's conflicting gaze glued to Yasmin's back, and she understood that this was Evanora's way of prolonging her time with her daughter. 
Eventually, they reached a U-shaped rock formation where the portal was. 
"We will visit you soon.", Axel said to Evanora. "Until then, please, don't come through the portal unless it's absolutely necessary. I will station guards on my side, to ensure no one trespasses and I suggest you do the same." 
Evanora's brows came together in a frown. "Do you think your people will be hostile?" 
Axel shook his head. "Hostile, no. Ignorant, yes. I want to tell my pack about you and this realm. When we come next time, I will bring a few more people who have my trust with the goal to discuss rules or regulations for using the portal going forward. There is a reason why we keep our location a secret from outsiders. You have a lot of unclaimed land here and a lot of beautiful women with mysterious powers. Each of those is tempting and can muddle someone's reasoning. I'm not saying that my people are vile, but I want to make sure things run smoothly and we don't offend each other just because of initial excitement. Over time, if things run smoothly, we can revisit this topic." 
Evanora agreed. It made sense. She appreciated that Axel was thinking about those things. Evanora was consumed by the fact that Yasmin was leaving and her anxiousness about the possibility of the portal closing and separating them forever, that she didn't think about the safety of her coven. 
Axel turned toward the portal and he imagined how Kai and Tyler will react when they see Yasmin sticking to him. 
He will show her proudly and shout, 'THIS IS MY MATE! YOUR LUNA!' 
Axel's dreamy smile faded after a second when he realized that Yasmin's outfit was technically non-existent. 
They were surrounded by women, with him being the only male, so he didn't think much about it, but it will be different on the other side of that portal. He could clearly see in his mind numerous guys staring at Yasmin with lecherous gazes and drooling. 
Well, that's not happening! 
Anger rippled through Axel, making his Alpha aura swell and all witches looked at him warily while taking a step back on an instinct. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 487 The connection between the Alpha and the pack
Chapter 487 The connection between the Alpha and the pack
Without explaining the unexpected change in his mood, Axel reached into his backpack and pulled out a t-shirt. 
"What…?", Yasmin squeaked in confusion when soft cotton fabric went over her head. 
"No one gets to see you like that.", Axel said with all the seriousness in the world. "You are mine." 
Yasmin gaped at Axel, wondering if an evil spirit possessed him. Why did he suddenly turn hostile? 
Talia was happy to see that Axel was so possessive. It meant that he truly cared about Yasmin. 
Unfortunately for Axel, Yasmin's confused expression was a giveaway that the poor girl didn't see Axel's behavior as care. Talia understood Yasmin completely because before she knew that Damon was her mate, she thought of him as overbearing, unreasonable, and mentally unstable. 
Talia touched Yasmin's shoulder to get her attention. "Axel is protective of you. On the other side of the portal we dress differently, and we cover certain parts of our body." Talia gestured to her t-shirt and jeans. 
"Axel, you mean well, but keep in mind that Yasmin doesn't know what's on the other side of the portal. Let me talk to her, woman-to-woman." 
Axel grunted in response, and he approved when Talia got light blue shorts from her backpack. 
Talia handed the shorts to Yasmin. "Put these on." When Yasmin didn't move, Talia explained, "You mated with Axel so you should know that some parts of your body are more sensitive than the others." 
Yasmin's cheeks turned pink, and she nodded at Talia's words. 
"These…", Talia gestured to her chest and her crotch area. "Are only for your mate to see and touch. Think of this as Axel protecting you." 
Yasmin didn't get it. "Protecting me?" 
Talia thought about how to explain this. 
"How would you feel if", Talia pointed at one random witch from the group that followed them there, "she sticks close to Axel, wants to touch him, and…" Talia stopped talking when Yasmin frowned. "I see you got the idea. Axel is an Alpha, and his instincts are to protect you from any man touching you or looking at you in the wrong way. Please, wear this, or any man stealing glances at your body will feel Axel's wrath." 
With this, Yasmin accepted the shorts and shimmied into them. 
After struggling with the buttons, Yasmin observed her outfit. Axel's t-shirt was oversized for her, and it hung on her like a loose mini dress that covered Talia's shorts completely. She had no idea what to think of this getup. 
Yasmin glanced at Axel. "Is this fine?" 
Axel's lips lifted into a half-smile. "Perfect. Just like you." Actually, he would give her longer pants to cover those gorgeous legs, but he knew that even this was too much for her, so he let it slide. 
Yasmin looked at Axel dreamily. "Would you punish any man who looks at me in the wrong way?" 
"Yes.", Axel said without missing a beat. "You are mine." His arm snaked around her waist, and he pulled her to stick to him completely. 
Talia turned to look at Cornelia who was also covered only with two skimpy fabrics below her waist level. "Let me get you something to wear." 
Cornelia cocked an eyebrow. "Why? I don't have a mate. Or will me going like this offend someone?" 
Talia blinked. "No. No one will be offended." Actually, people will be glad to see such a fantastic body on display. Talia knew that witches are something like nudists, not seeing any need to cover up, but the outside was different. On the other hand, werewolves are used to nudity, and they will teleport to the Dark Howlers pack, so humans won't see her… "You can go like that if you want." 
"As long as no one is offended, I will go like this." Cornelia didn't want to cover up if not necessary. 
With this, they were ready to go. 
Elanor gave Yasmin a hug and a last piece of advice, "Make sure to stay close to Axel. Don't get separated in the portal." 
"Why?", Talia asked and then her eyes widened when she thought of something scary, "Does the portal have different exit points?" 
"No.", Elanor responded. "The portal will take you to the same place, but the difference might be in when." 
Talia was not sure if she heard this right. "Can you explain that?" 
"The portal connects two places while twisting the time it takes to cross that distance. The entry and exit points are fixed, but the time fluctuates. You step into the portal two seconds apart and could come out of it two hours apart." 
Talia gaped at Evanora and then turned to Axel robotically. 
"Is this true?", she asked. 
Axel's brows came together while thinking about his previous experiences. He either didn't pay attention, or was very close to his companions, but this last time they passed to come here... "Cassandra went first, and I carried you through the portal less than a minute later. Cassandra was already standing there", he gestured toward the area where U-shaped rock formation opens toward the meadow. "She looked impatient, but it didn't cross my mind that maybe she was there for a long time." 
"Just go closely together and it will be fine.", Evanora said. "To make sure you don't get separated more than necessary, you can hold hands." 
Talia's stomach dropped. This was not about them separating, but it was about the duration of the travel. How come she didn't think about it? 
Axel told her that journey through the portal is just a few seconds long, but what if it's hours, or days, or… A sense of urgency gripped Talia's heart. She thought that for Damon only two-three hours passed since he went through the portal, but what if it was more? 
She was grateful that Cornelia was tagging along because the teleportation magic will definitely come in handy. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The moment all four of them exited the portal, Axel gave coordinates to Yasmin and Cornelia who started working on a teleportation spell that will take them straight into the main house of the Midnight Guardians pack. 
Axel turned to look at Talia who stood dazed on the spot. 
"Are you alright?", Axel asked. 
Talia put her hand over her chest. "Do you feel that?" Her whole body was buzzing with energy like someone charged her up. 
Axel smiled proudly. "What you feel are hopes and support of our pack members. You are an Alpha with a pack now, and your pack will amplify your strength and abilities. The effect is the most potent when we are in our territory. It's addictive. That is why most Alphas stay within the boundaries of their territory while craving to expand it." 
"Is that why Damon is the strongest Alpha?" 
"There is genetics and training, but yes, his pack members believe in him and follow him willingly and that adds to his strength." 
Talia remembered how at the Alpha ceremony, a connection opened between her and the Midnight Guardians pack members, but she didn't feel the energies like now. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 488 Back at the Midnight Guardians pack
Chapter 488 Back at the Midnight Guardians pack
Seeing that Yasmin and Cornelia were busy drawing a diagram on a small clearing, Talia asked Axel in a whisper, "About your power… did you get it?" 
"I felt it awakening, but I don't know what it is yet.", Axel responded with a sour expression. "Maybe I used it, but I'm not aware of it. Not everyone can do flashy things that glow or explode." He heard stories of how some pack members took months until they figured out what their ability was. 
Talia remembered what Axel told her about some useless abilities. "Maybe you can attach and detach your limbs at will." 
Axel grimaced. "You are having fun with this, aren't you?" 
"A little bit.", Talia admitted. 
Axel snorted, but he was not angry. He liked that Talia had this cheeky side and he hoped to see more of it. "I will mind link Kai, Meg, and Tyler to meet us in the study. And I also want to set up rotations of guards around this place…" His eyes lost focus and Talia knew that he was communicating through the mind-link. 
After a few chants, Talia, Axel, Yasmin, and Cornelia found themselves in the study of the main building in the Midnight Guardians pack. 
Cornelia and Yasmin were curious about everything, and Axel told them to feel free to look around until Tyler, Kai, and Meg arrive. 
"Do you want to call home?", Axel asked Talia. 
Talia paused. With all the mess happening, she forgot about the possibility of a phone call. Whom should she call? Maya and Caden? What would she say? Would it make any difference? 
"No.", Talia said. 
"Are you sure?" 
Talia confirmed. "With Cornelia's help, I will be there before Damon." She didn't want to waste time explaining things over the phone. 
"Do you have a map of the human realm?", Talia asked Axel. "I need you to point at the location of the Dark Howlers pack, and where you came to pick us up when I called." 
Axel frowned at this second piece of information. "You are not going to the packhouse?" 
"No. Damon will be there and if I appear, it will only cause a commotion." 
"Didn't you say that you will reach there before him?", Axel asked. 
"I hope I will get there before him, but if he is already there, I need to assess the situation and approach him carefully. I trust his Betas and several other people in the packhouse, however, if Damon catches me talking to them before he remembers me, he might isolate them, and that will backfire." 
Talia had two things, a spell that will remove black runes, but that can be used on the night of the full moon, which Talia hoped was still a few days away, yet not too far away. Until then, she can suppress the effect of black runes with a potion, but Talia was confident that Damon wouldn't take the potion willingly. She needed a plan. 
"What do you think Damon will do when he sees you?", Axel asked. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line at the memory of Damon pushing her away with disgust obvious on his face. "I'm not sure. In the best case, he will kick me out. And in the worst-case… a dungeon?" Or maybe he just snaps her neck. 
"Why don't you go as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack?", Axel suggested. "He won't dare to be hostile." 
Talia rejected that idea. "Damon won't shrink in front of authority. He suspected that I did something devious to him, if I show up there as an Alpha, he might see that as a declaration of war. In case things go wrong, I don't want to implicate this pack." 
And she didn't want people to know that she was the official Alpha of the Midnight Guardians Pack. Now that Axel found Yasmin, Talia's intention was to make Axel the only Alpha, but with all the things going on, she decided to postpone that talk with Axel for later. 
Axel didn't like that Talia was planning to go there as a mate Damon forgot about, but he understood Talia's intention. He would also do everything in his power to keep the pack out of that mess. 
If Damon loses his temper, he might imprison Talia and start a war without giving her a chance to fix things. This mental image made Axel's insides churn, but he pushed the discomfort away with the thought that Talia was stronger than he was, and it was obvious that she had a plan. 
Axel got a large map that was rolled and standing upright in a corner. "What are we looking for here?" 
"Shaman's house." With Mindy and Gideon onboard, Talia can come into the packhouse and stay there without being noticed and take it from there. "He lives in the middle of a forest. However, on our way to the cabin, we passed the intersection that leads there, so if you show me Darkbourne and where you picked me up with your father, I will be able to estimate the location of his home." 
"Give me a few hours to introduce Yasmin, and then…" 
"No.", Talia interrupted Axel. "I can't wait for that long, and you should stay here." 
Axel didn't approve. "You will need help. This is beyond just removing a spell from Damon. The Red Moon pack won't accept this without a fight." 
Talia agreed with this, but... "The fight won't come for at least a few days, and that will give you and Yasmin a few months here. You won't leave Yasmin here, and if she bumps into humans right away, it might be too much. Let me handle Damon and I promise to call you if there is trouble with other packs." 
Talia saw Axel frowning, and she continued before he could again, "I'm sure you felt the unease of our people from the moment we stepped into this territory. They believe in us, however, they are also anxious because they lost their Alphas and we left on the same day. Be here and show them that you have your Luna and that they have strong leaders. Tell them about witches and introduce Yasmin to this realm. Besides that, there is also the task of watching over previous Alphas and making sure they don't stir trouble, and you should come up with rules about crossing the portal for witches. I know you wanted us to do this together, and I promise to join you as soon as Damon is free from the effects of black runes. Until then, I know that Meg and Yasmin will get along great." 
With every next argument, Axel's motivation to go with Talia deflated. He knew she was right. Even his parents divided work into internal and external, and he thought how that was exactly what he and Talia were doing now. 
The noisy trio entered the study together, and they were all delighted to see Talia and Axel in one piece. Meg wanted to ask where did they lose Cassandra and who the two new faces were (one woman almost naked!), but then Axel dropped a bomb how Yasmin is his fated mate, and everyone forgot about the poor Oracle. 
Tyler was trying mightily not to stare at Cornelia's exposed breasts, but it was hard. 
Talia introduced Cornelia, "In their realm, they have only witches, all females. They believe that clothing blocks their connection with nature, so they are scarcely dressed..." 
Tyler swallowed hard. Other than scarcely dressed women, he didn't hear anything else. "When are we going to visit there?" 
Talia shook her head at the Gamma. "Axel will tell you more. Cornelia, I need you to take us to the portal that leads to the human realm. Once we pass through it, I will give you another destination." 
"You are leaving already?", Meg asked with disapproval obvious in her voice. 
"With Damon out there, I can't stay. I will be back as soon as I can..." With Damon. Hopefully. 
Meg and Kai wanted to join, but Talia refused them with a promise that she will call if she is in a pinch. She was grateful to see Axel, Yasmin, Kai, Meg, and Tyler eager to help. And Cornelia was there also. 
The only one missing to make this scene heartwarming was Damon, and she was determined to get him back. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 489 Brawl in Gideon’s garden
Chapter 489 Brawl in Gideon's garden
~ The Dark Howlers pack ~ 
Talia looked around while trying to figure out where Cornelia teleported them. She got her phone and after powering it on, Talia's face lit up when she saw the signal. 
"Alright!", Talia exclaimed excitedly. "We are in the human realm." 
"Did you think we will end up somewhere else?", Cornelia asked dryly. 
Talia smiled awkwardly and opened the app for maps. "The Shaman's place is just a bit further this way." 
Talia hoped that Gideon and Mindy were home and that they were not rolling in the sheets. Interrupting them can't be good. 
She remembered that Axel told her how the energy buzz from the Midnight Guardians pack will diminish when she crosses the portal, and she paid attention to that energy that bubbled somewhere in the depth of her chest. It was a bit fainter, and while in the realm of witches, Talia assumed it was just her anxiousness acting out, but now that she knew what to look for, she could definitely feel it… the Midnight Guardians were with her. Somehow, it made her feel less alone. 
'Let me know when you want to open the mind-link.', Liseli spoke in Talia's head. 
'Will it work through the portal?', Talia asked. 
'Probably not. But you will sense when someone from the pack is nearby.' 
Talia thought how that's a double-edged sword. 'Won't they be able to sense me in return?' 
'Pack members don't hide from each other. And don't forget that you are the Alpha. With a little practice, you can conceal your presence while sensing others.' 
Talia liked this, but… 'Let's leave that practice for later. I have too much on my hands now.' 
Axel told Talia that as the time passes and she gets in tune with the connection to their pack, she will be able to identify each member and their emotional state. She found that intriguing because Damon never mentioned anything like it. Talia knew that Damon was attached to the pack, but she thought how that connection was sentimental or maybe it was a sense of duty, and nothing else. 
Talia felt like the members of the Midnight Guardians pack were her family, and she had the urge to protect them and make them happy, and now she understood that Damon feels the same about the Dark Howlers pack. 
'While on the topic of sensing...', Liseli spoke in a teasing tone. 'Instead of using GPS and maps on your phone, you could have just sensed your surroundings how Axel taught you.' 
Talia realized that Liseli was right, but she was too embarrassed to admit it. 'Maybe next time.' 
"It's very fragrant.", Cornelia commented while taking deep breaths. 
"Yes. Shaman has a garden.", Talia said. "His house is this way." 
Seeing that Talia was moving away from the source of the scent, Cornelia asked, "Do you mind if I check the garden first?" 
Talia wanted to say that they should stick together, but then she remembered that Gideon's garden is completely open, and just in case those two were rolling in the sheets, Talia could discretely inform them that they have guests. 
Besides, Cornelia was a grown witch. If anyone causes her trouble, she can turn him into a toad or something like that. 
"Feel free to.", Talia said. "I will check if they are at home." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia knocked on the half-open door. "Anybody home?" 
"Yes, yes!", Mindy called from the kitchen and turned to see who was standing at the door. 
"Lia! What brings you here?" 
Mindy wore a loose shirt with half of the buttons undone. It was obviously Gideon's shirt and Mindy didn't bother with buttoning it up. 
"It's a long story. Where is Gideon? I need your help." 
Mindy was now in front of Talia, and she gave her a hug before starting a rain of questions. 
"Why are you so serious? Where is Damon? Did something happen?" 
"Gideon, Mindy.", Talia reminded her friend. 
"He is outside…" 
… 
Gideon was squatting and tending to his garden, busy with preventing mint bush from invading thyme. 
He loves mint and uses it in many concoctions he makes, but it spreads at an alarming rate. At least once a week Gideon would go and remove branches that went down to take roots and expand. 
Gideon heard soft steps only when they were close, and he didn't bother to see who it was. 
"Did you come to check on me, princess? Or is the lunch done?" 
Mindy said that it was her turn to cook and that she will call him when it was ready, so he used this breather to tend to the garden. 
After two seconds of silence, Gideon realized that something was off, and he turned to see who was behind him. 
A chocolate-colored beauty stood there and observed him with curiosity, but he had difficulty maintaining eye contact because she was nearly naked. 
He cursed under his breath. With his head stuck in the mint bush, he didn't pick up her scent, and he didn't hear her until she was too close. What if she was hostile? 
He calmed down a bit when he didn't sense a wolf in her, and he concluded that she was human. Obviously unarmed, and that made her harmless. 
Cornelia glanced around. "This is a nice garden. Camassia could use more water, and you should consider replanting Bleeding Heart, so it gets partial shade. She doesn't like full sun." 
Gideon realized that the woman was knowledgeable about plants. He was considering replanting the Bleeding Heart, but he had a feeling that she was not here to discuss gardening. 
Gideon cleared his throat and stood up to stand in slow motion. "Can I help you?" 
"Are you Gideon, the Shaman?", she asked. 
"Yes. And you are?" 
"Cornelia, the Priestess." 
Gideon's eyes darted over her almost-naked form. He never heard of priestesses going around exposed like that. "What religion, if I may ask?" 
Cornelia stifled a laugh, making her two peaks jiggle in a way that can't be ignored. "Religion?" She was about to say her next word, but a ferocious growl came from the side. 
"No! Mindy!" 
Talia's shout was too late because Mindy already tackled Cornelia and the two tumbled until they stopped in a patch of poppies with Mindy on top of Cornelia. 
"Stay away from my mate!", Mindy growled and raised her hand to claw at Cornelia, but her movement was blocked when Gideon grabbed her wrist. 
"Why are you defending this vixen?", Mindy struggled against Gideon's hold who was now pulling her away from Cornelia. "Is she your lover?" 
"She is human and seems lost.", Gideon said in a low voice, hoping that Cornelia won't hear him. 
"Who cares!?", Mindy was livid. "If you see a half-naked guy approaching me like that, would you be fine with it just because he is human!?" 
Gideon looked at Mindy helplessly. She had a point, but it's not like he was about to do anything to Cornelia. He was also caught by surprise, alright? And the fact that Mindy was still struggling to fight Cornelia turned him on. His pumpkin-infused princess was fierce! 
Talia went to Cornelia. "I'm sorry for this. If I knew…" 
"It's OK.", Cornelia said while pushing herself into a seated position. "She just caught me by surprise. That's all. You warned me that people might act strangely when they see me, but I never assumed they will attack me outright. You should have told me that your females are savage." 
"Who is savage!? You bitch!" 
Cornelia shot a glare at Mindy who was heaving from anger and ready to throw her next insult. 
With a wave of Cornelia's finger, silvery light shot into Mindy's mouth. 
Mindy panicked. Her mouth was opening and closing, but no sounds were heard. 
Gideon cupped Mindy's cheeks and forced her to look at him. "Calm down. Tell me what's going on." 
"She can't.", Cornelia spat. She stood up and looked at Mindy smugly. "I am a witch, not a bitch." 
Talia pinched the roof of her nose. This didn't start well. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 490 One day less than expected
Chapter 490 One day less than expected
"At least she didn't turn you into a toad.", Talia said to Mindy who was pouting on the side. 
After some convincing, Cornelia removed the mum spell, allowing Mindy to talk, and Cornelia accepted to wear Talia's t-shirt after hearing why Mindy attacked her with, "I thought you said that males are possessive." 
"It goes both ways, Priestess Cornelia.", Gideon said. 
After Gideon found out that Cornelia is a Priestess among witches, Gideon had to act with respect. Actually, he was super curious to find out everything about Cornelia and the Coven from where she was coming, but he knew that would only piss off Mindy, so he kept those questions for later. 
Gideon made tea for everyone and gestured that they sit at the dining table. Mindy was unwilling to sit with Cornelia, but she also didn't want to let the witch close to Gideon. In a show of ownership, Mindy sat on Gideon's lap and leaned on Gideon while glaring in silent warnings at Cornelia. 
Cornelia didn't like Mindy's attitude which reminded her of a child who was pouting. 
Talia couldn't think in such a stiff atmosphere. She needed her allies working together and not going at each other's throats. 
"Cornelia, Mindy attacked you because she saw you as being too friendly with her mate. Their mate bond is fresh, and they are still sensitive about others approaching them.", Talia said, and she turned to Mindy. "Mindy, Cornelia is a witch. Where she comes from, they don't cover their bodies because they want to feel the energies of nature without the obstruction of clothing. Her intention was not to seduce Gideon." 
Talia's eyes were moving from Mindy to Cornelia as she continued, "Can the two of you accept that what happened was a misunderstanding and we can move on without me fearing you will start a fight?" 
"There will be no fighting.", Cornelia said. "If I feel any malicious intent, I will seal much more than her voice." 
Mindy glared at Cornelia. "Sure, no fighting. As long as she stays away from my mate and doesn't cast any spells on me again or on my mate. He is mine." 
Gideon's chest swelled when he saw how possessive Mindy was. He approved, and the way Mindy's cheeks flushed when he squeezed her hip told him that she got the message. He will reward her for this, later. 
"I assume you are here with Priestess Cornelia for a reason.", Gideon said to Talia. 
"Yes. Damon and I went through marking and…" 
"Where is your mark?", Mindy interrupted Talia whose neck was obviously clean. 
Talia decided to omit non-important parts. "I marked him." 
Mindy gaped at Talia, and she turned to look at Gideon who didn't seem to be surprised. "You knew about this?" 
"I had a feeling that Talia's wolf is more powerful than Damon's.", Gideon said and cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "But you are stronger than the last time we met. Much stronger." 
Talia really didn't want to go into details. "Can we focus on why we are here?" 
"Please, do.", Mindy said and motioned with her fingers like she was zipping her mouth closed. She will press Talia for more information later. 
"I marked Damon, and after that, he was not waking up in the morning, and he had a fever, and I panicked. Axel told me about an incident in their pack when something went wrong during marking, so I called him. I thought he will give me advice on what to do, but he was nearby and came in person. That's how Damon and I ended up in the Midnight Guardians pack. Unfortunately, Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac thought that Damon was getting too powerful, and their Oracle used dark magic to suppress his power. Axel, Kai, Meg, and Tyler helped me get Damon out of there, but not before he was affected.", Talia said in one breath. She practiced this trimmed-down version of the story and she feared that if they interrupt her, she will mess it up. 
Talia took a deep breath and said, "When Damon woke up, he seemed fine except for the fact that he couldn't remember me and he left." 
Mindy and Gideon stared at Talia. She just said how two Alphas acted with malicious intent against their Alpha. That's war. And then she said how Damon had memory loss! 
"Where is Alpha Damon now? Can he remember you?", Mindy asked. 
"I believe he is on his way here. As for remembering me... No. That's why Cornelia is here with me. She will help me dispel the dark magic, but the ritual can be performed on the night of the full moon. Until then, I have a potion that will suppress the effect of the dark magic, but I need your help to alert others and trick Damon to take the potion. Can you get me into the packhouse? I'm sure that Maya will help." 
"What about Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac?", Gideon asked grimly. He couldn't believe that they made a hostile move against Damon and allowed him to leave. As Alphas, the duo definitely knew that their actions will start a war. 
"They are not important.", Talia said. "Axel is there handling the situation. But we need to help Damon. When is the full moon?" 
"Two days.", Mindy responded. 
Talia did mental calculations and her eyes widened. That was one day less than she thought she had! 
"Is Damon back already?", Talia asked. 
"We don't have insight into what's going on in the packhouse.", Gideon said. 
"Screw the protocol!", Mindy squeezed through her teeth, redirecting her previous anger from Cornelia toward Damon. "Let's go there! We will beat up Damon until he remembers what's important. How can he forget his mate? And when we are done with him, we will skin alive those shitty Alphas who made Talia suffer like this!" 
Talia was glad that Mindy was so fired up, and she expected this from her firecracker friend, but… "Acting rashly won't help. We need to get into the packhouse without alerting Damon that something is wrong." 
"That's easy.", Mindy said impatiently. "In two days is the pack run. We will ask for rooms in the packhouse with an explanation that it will be more convenient to get things ready for the ceremony when we are there." 
Talia liked this idea. She turned to Gideon. "You can mind-link Maya about this. Tell her that I'm back, but not to tell anyone about it, and… ask if Damon is already there. Also, if any of the guests are still present." 
Gideon's eyes lost focus, and Mindy asked Talia, "What will you do when you reach the packhouse?" 
"I want to know who all is there and who can help us." 
Gideon's attention was back on Talia, "Maya is preparing two rooms. One for me and Mindy and the second one for my cousin.", Gideon said, and glanced at Mindy to gauge her reaction. "Maya asked who Cornelia is and I couldn't exactly say that she is a witch." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 491 Gaps in memory (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 491 Gaps in memory (1) [Bonus chapter]
Talia approved of Gideon's idea. "We can go with the story that Cornelia is your distant cousin, for now. What else?" 
"I told Maya that due to an accident Damon has memory issues and that you will explain once you reach there. Out of guests, everyone left except the group from the Red Moon pack." 
Mindy sucked in a sharp breath. "Marcy and Nora." 
"Nora is in the dungeon and Marcy is in a separate house.", Talia said, and she hoped that was still the case. She turned to Gideon, and asked reluctantly, "What about Damon?" 
"Three hours ago, Alpha Damon wanted to know if there were any immediate dangers to the pack and closed himself in the study. Maya assumed he had urgent matters to deal with and that you were resting upstairs. I told her to keep it a secret that you are back…" 
Talia's ears were buzzing, and she didn't hear the rest. Damon was already there! She was running out of time. 
"Cornelia, can you prepare a spell to take us to the packhouse as soon as the rooms are ready?" 
Gideon's eyes lit up. A spell to move them to the packhouse? He really wanted to see that, but he didn't want to upset Mindy. The worst he could do was to make his mate insecure. Gideon pushed his spell-induced excitement down. 
"Is there a clearing outside I could use?", Cornelia asked Gideon. 
"Behind the house. Use any place that might be suitable.", Gideon responded, slightly disappointed that she won't do it right there for him to watch. 
When Cornelia left to find a spot for the spell, Mindy reached over the table to give Talia's hand a squeeze. "Don't worry, Lia. We will help." 
"Princess", Gideon called while pushing Mindy to stand up from his lap. "I need to pack materials. I assume we won't be back until the ceremony." 
"I will pack a few changes of clothes for both of us.", Mindy said. 
With that, Gideon and Mindy left the table and Talia took her phone and looked at it anxiously. 
Eventually, she made a call. "Maya… Yes, it's me… I will explain later. Can you ask Zina and Dawn to come over to the room you are preparing for Gideon's cousin? I want to talk to all of you at the same time. I will need your help. If you can tell Caden that Damon has memory issues, that would be great. Try not to provoke Damon until we come up with a plan. The last thing we want is for him to lose patience and use his aura to have his way…" 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
In the packhouse… 
"Come in!", Damon called when someone knocked on the door of the study. 
He lifted his gaze to see his Beta. 
"Caden? Why didn't you use the mind-link?" 
Caden shrugged. "I was here, so it was not a big deal to stop by." 
Maya told him to wait until Talia comes so they find out the details, but Caden was worried when he heard that Damon has memory issues, and he came to investigate. 
"I thought you won't come back until later tonight, or maybe in the morning. Actually, I thought you will come up with an excuse to stay longer." 
Damon didn't understand Caden's words. Was he on a vacation? He couldn't remember. 
Actually, since he came back, Damon was going through documents related to current and previous issues, and he was anxious that he couldn't remember more than half of them. The dates were there, and that was his handwriting, but he couldn't remember it. And based on the workload, it seems that he was absent for two days, no more than three. Why did it feel like it was so much longer? 
It was not just the last three days, but for at least a month his memories were choppy, but he couldn't remember any accident or anything out of place. In bits and pieces he remembered, Damon could clearly see Caden, Maya, Maddox, Tony, and many others talking to him like everything was normal, but Damon knew that something was wrong. Really wrong. 
There was a sense of loss and emptiness that was not there before, and it made him uneasy. 
However, Damon couldn't admit that to his Beta. Not before he figures out what's going on. 
"How can I stay away from here when there is so much work?", Damon said while gesturing at scattered papers on his desk. 
"Maya and I got it covered. We prepared everything for your absence, and we said that if anything urgent happens, we will let you know, so you could relax." 
Damon snorted. "Me? Relax?" 
"Damon…", Caden called cautiously. "Why are you back early?" 
Damon pushed the keyboard away and some of the documents fell on the floor, but Damon didn't pay attention to them. 
"There was something urging me to come home like we have an emergency. What's the status in the packhouse?" He remembered Maddox and Tony. "Are the guests still here?" 
"Most of them left. Only the group from the Red Moon pack is here." 
Damon blinked and he remembered James with three teens from the Dark Howlers pack, George with Dawn sitting at the same table with Damon during the party, flashes of Nora coming onto him right in this office, and… "Is Marcy here?" 
"She is in the side house, isolated, how you instructed." 
Damon couldn't believe that he had a huge memory gap regarding Marcy. He remembered his time in the Red Moon pack, and Marcy coming onto him. And the next was her at the Dark Howlers pack, but it was just some random images that didn't make sense. How did she end up here? 
And then there was a nonsense memory of Damon holding Marcy's hand and telling her to rest because in three days he will sort out people who tried to poison her and he will announce to the world who will be his Luna. Was he talking about Marcy as his Luna? 
Damon clearly remembered Marcy's enamored gaze full of hope directed at him while bile rose in his throat because he lied. Why the hell would he lie like that? Did he lose his memories or his mind? 
Damon didn't want to admit this liability to his Beta, so he asked coolly, "What's the situation with her?" 
"Marcy is keeping busy with television and books, and she baked a ton of some super-sweet cookies. She will expect you tomorrow to break the news to her." 
"The news? What does she hope I will say?" 
"You know, that she will be your Luna.", Caden said while eyeing Damon's reaction. "It's all going according to James' plan." 
Damon's brows came together. What James' plan? Did James make a plan for Marcy to be Damon's Luna, and Damon went along with it? What the hell was going on? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 492 Gaps in memory (2)
Chapter 492 Gaps in memory (2)
Based on Damon's lack of reaction at the mentioning of Marcy being Damon's Luna, Caden confirmed that Damon had issues with his head and that was scary because Damon was an Alpha, and the fate of the whole pack was in his hands. He needed to get Damon to open up, at least a little bit. 
"We know each other for a long time, Damon. I can see that something is weighing on your mind. Talk to me. I was your wingman since middle school." 
Seeing Caden's earnest expression, Damon hesitated. Caden was always by his side as his Beta and as his friend, and if not for Caden watching his back, those Elders would get him many times. Damon shook his head while thinking that this memory issue made him paranoid. 
Regardless of if Marcy was a good Luna candidate or not, the mere fact that Damon was being forced into that union was making him reject her. What's the point of being an Alpha of the largest pack in North America if others can dictate his actions? No one can make Damon do anything against his will. No one! 
"Can you jog my memory a bit? What stunt did Alpha Edward pull so that Marcy comes here?" 
"You really don't remember?", Caden asked. It was not Alpha Edward, but it was Talia who said that Marcy should come so that Damon can deal with her. Even Caden was not sure why Damon agreed with that ridiculous request, but both Damon and Talia were confident how that was the right thing to do, yet now Damon seemed to be oblivious. This was worse than Caden thought. 
Caden pointed at the second desk in the study. "Do you remember who sits there? Did you forget why you went on a vacation?" 
Damon was still shaking his head. "No." 
'Caden!', Maya's voice boomed in Caden's head. 'Where are you? Talia is here and we are waiting for you.' 
'Coming.', Caden responded. 
Maya warned him not to push Damon's buttons before they come up with a plan, but Caden had to say something. 
"You went to the cabin, and asked that no one disturbs you and…", Caden paused. 
It's not that Caden didn't want to tell Damon, but Caden knew that this behavior of Damon burying himself in work was Damon before Talia. Damon would spend his days stuck in the study, and when training with warriors was not enough to release steam, Damon would go and find himself a few women to keep busy for a night, and then the cycle would repeat. 
If Damon truly reverted to that, he would not listen to anything related to mates, and if Caden brought up Talia, Damon would call him crazy, and probably kick him out. The only way this would work was for Damon to remember on his own. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Do you expect me to tell you what you are missing?", Caden asked. "Will you believe me if I tell you that you met your perfect Luna? In two days from now, we have a pack run that the two of you should lead." 
"I found my Luna?", Damon asked with disbelief obvious on his face. 
"Three nights ago, there was a party, Damon. All Elders were here. Do you remember that?" 
Damon's nod stopped abruptly as Caden continued to rain questions, "What happened at that party? Do you remember talking about the pack run? Who was sitting by your side?" 
Caden frowned at the sight of Damon who looked at him with a blank face. 
"I am telling you as a friend, Damon. Instead of burying yourself in work and risking to make wrong decisions because you don't remember some things, I suggest that you face the elephant in the room. What do you remember from our trip to the Red Moon pack last month?" 
Damon frowned. "I remember us going there, Luna Layla welcomed us while making excuses for the rest of her family not being present, luxurious dining room, inspecting warriors. Alpha Edward wanted me to come up with a date when Marcy will be my Luna, but I was not willing." How did he leave without committing to a date or exposing Marcy as not worthy? 
"What about our trip back, Damon? How did we get back?" 
Damon paused. "In a car, maybe?" 
"You don't remember, do you? How far did you go with Marcy?" 
An image of Marcy kneeling between his legs flashed in his mind, and her bare ass, but that was it. There was a memory of him taking Nora from behind, but it was fuzzy like it happened to someone else, and he just listened to the story. 
"You didn't shag Marcy, even though she was throwing herself at you. You had more than one opportunity to have a go at her, yet you didn't. Do you know why?" 
"No.", Damon admitted. 
"When we came from the Red Moon pack, Cassie was here. Did you sleep with her?" 
Damon remembered Cassie, but nothing more than interaction in the common areas downstairs. "I don't think so." 
"How did Cassie leave? Do you remember Maya escorting Cassie after she assaulted our pack member? Who was the MVP of the tournament at the Summer Solstice festival? Who was your date at the Luna announcement party at the Lightclaw pack? Do you remember why the Steelbite pack is giving us an annual tribute? When was the last time you bedded a woman, Damon?" 
Damon was frustrated. "Is there a point in these questions, Caden?" 
"Since we returned from the Red Moon pack, our lives changed, your life changed, for the better. Look around and notice what is different and remember why before you hurt the people who are dear to you." 
Damon couldn't believe that Caden left the study just like that. 
Did Caden think that Damon didn't try? Even his wolf was not responding, damn it! 
Damon knew that something was off, really off, but he couldn't put his finger on it. 
But… Caden mentioned the second desk in the office, and he said that Damon should look around. Was it really possible that someone was sharing his office? It was not Caden nor Maya, they have their space. Who could it be? 
Damon stood up slowly and sat on the chair in front of the second desk. The laptop was closed, there was a pencil holder, and otherwise, it was clean. He opened the drawer on the side to see a few notebooks, and when he flipped through them, he saw clumsy handwriting that would belong to a middle schooler. And the content appeared to be matching, maybe high school. Did he adopt a child? A big one? 
It didn't make sense. 
He opened the laptop that lit up with 'Welcome Talia'. 
Damon blinked. Talia. Where did he hear that name? He remembered the girl who was with him in the cave when he woke up. 
Did she infiltrate his packhouse before she kidnapped him? But then… she didn't trick only him, but Caden and probably Maya as well. What about Stephanie? 
Damon's head ached and he realized that his memories were flakier than he thought. When was the last time he spoke with Stephanie in person? 
He had no idea what to think about this, but he had a strong hunch that this was related to the Red Moon pack and Marcy. Caden told him to face the problem head-on. Maybe if he talks to Marcy things will fall into place? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 493 Plans with friends
Chapter 493 Plans with friends
In a guest bedroom on the second floor of the packhouse… 
Cornelia stood next to the window and looked outside while Talia spoke about the current situation to Maya, Caden, Dawn, George, and Zina. 
Mindy and Gideon were also there, listening to the same story and hoping to hear more compared to what Talia told them the first time. 
Maya was upset to hear about this development, but she was a bit excited to be in the same room with a witch. "What kind of magic can she do?", Maya asked Talia while gesturing toward Cornelia. 
"I'm sure you can ask about it later.", Caden said. 
"Just don't get on her bad side or she will jinx you.", Mindy grumbled. 
"Cornelia is not violent.", Talia said. "Cornelia is my friend, here to help, and she jinxed you because you attacked her." 
Maya wanted to ask more about that incident, but Caden was now talking. 
"I spoke with Damon, and I could see that he was confused. He didn't remember why he left the packhouse, why we had the party with Elders, or why Marcy is here. When I mentioned the pack run, he looked at me like I was talking in a foreign language. It seems that his memories of Talia are gone." 
"I am so sorry, Talia…", Dawn said with a shaky voice, on the verge of crying. Dawn couldn't imagine how she would feel if one day George just didn't recognize her. She remembered how cold he was when he arrived; that was while his bond with Marcy was still there. Dawn's heart ached at the thought that he might ignore her like that again. 
"Don't be sappy.", Zina said to Dawn. "Talia called us here because she has a plan. Right?" 
"Right.", Talia said. "Thanks to Cornelia, I have a potion that will suppress the dark magic and help Damon remember. The potion is temporary, but it should last until the night of the full moon when I can perform the ritual that will purify him completely." 
"How will we get him to drink it? Mix it in the water?", Dawn asked. 
Talia scrunched her nose. "I'm not sure. It doesn't smell much, but it's green in color." 
Dawn grimaced. "Green? How big is the dose to make it effective?" 
"One big gulp will do.", Talia responded. 
Zina got an idea. "Leave it to me. For dinner, I will make steak, Damon's favorite. I will mix the potion in his serving of herbal sauce. No matter how it tastes, basil and garlic will cover it up." 
"I will help.", Dawn volunteered. 
Talia looked at the people in the room and she was about to thank them when she saw that Caden's expression changed. 
"Did something happen?", Talia asked anxiously. 
"Damon asked for Marcy to be brought to the packhouse for dinner.", Caden said and turned to Maya. "He also said to prepare a room on the second floor for her." 
Maya couldn't stand the idea of Marcy in the packhouse. It was just like Cassie, but this was worse because Talia was here, and Damon couldn't remember her, and Marcy's crazy obsession with being Damon's Luna overshadowed even the nastiest things that Cassie did. "I refuse. Marcy can't…" 
"No.", Talia interrupted Maya. "Damon shouldn't suspect that something is off." 
"I agree with Talia.", Caden said. "Damon was always cautious and he is not stupid. He might not remember Talia, but he knew from day one that Marcy was part of Alpha Edward's scheme. Damon wouldn't make Marcy his Luna even without Talia in the picture. That didn't change." 
"Maybe he wouldn't make her his Luna. But what if he…", Maya gagged. "With… Marcy…" 
"If you refuse to set up the room, he will start doubting you and find someone else to do it.", Talia said sadly. 
"Why is Marcy here?", Mindy snapped. "Can't we send her home? Or lock her in the dungeon?" 
"No.", Talia responded. "She is part of the bigger plan. Until she fulfills her role, we can't touch her." 
Talia didn't like it, but Talia knew that the final part was for Marcy to make a public statement about how she is leaving the Red Moon pack and giving up on being Damon's Luna voluntarily. James got it all figured out. This should relieve the pressure Alpha Edward can exert on Damon and hopefully avoid open war. 
Mindy frowned in disapproval. Why did it sound like Marcy was important? What bigger plan? But before she could say anything, George spoke. 
"I will make sure Marcy and Damon don't get too close." George turned to look at Dawn. "I know that Talia is your friend, and if she is sad, you will be sad as well. I don't need to get close to Marcy in order to remind her of my existence, and I won't let her touch you. Maybe Damon doesn't remember that Marcy came here to be his Luna while having a mate, but she does." 
"We also won't make it easy for her.", Caden assured Talia. "And we should get James on board, or at least warn him about what's going on here." 
"No need.", George said. "James is smarter than all of us put together. The moment he sees Marcy in the packhouse, he will figure out that something is off. Besides, this is about getting Damon to remember Talia. Once we accomplish that, everything will go back to normal." 
Talia was happy to see her friends gathered and willing to help. 
They discussed several strategies for making Marcy's life difficult and not allowing Damon to do anything rashly, and then the people left the room one by one, each with a task. 
Dawn and Zina went to start dinner preparations, Stephanie was on her way to the packhouse, and she had no ions to switching the dinner menu to steak instead of meatloaf. 
Maya was in charge of getting a room for Marcy, and Caden and George went to keep an eye on Damon. 
"We will be in the room next door.", Mindy told Talia and she and Gideon left. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Cornelia waited for the door to close before speaking to Talia, "You don't trust them." 
"What makes you think so?" 
Cornelia smirked. "You told them that your mate doesn't remember you, but you didn't tell them that his spirit is weakened. The potion will suppress the rune for memory, but it will have limited effect on freeing his spirit from the shackles of black runes." 
"There is no benefit if they know that his power is diminished. In two days, after the main spell is completed, Damon will return to normal. Some things should stay only between mates.", Talia said. Like glowing magic and talking wolves. "Why are you smiling?" 
Cornelia shrugged. "Nothing. I just find you interesting. Your mate doesn't remember you, yet you still treat him with care. Don't you feel the urgency to get things back in order? You are above all these people, yet you speak to them as equal. Why don't you use your ranking?" 
"I don't need subordinates. If our plan fails, we will end up in a lot of trouble, and I don't want them to think they were forced to follow orders.", Talia said. "Damon is smart and strong, but the most dangerous are his instincts." And there was a chance that he got a power or two because Talia marked him. "If we take the risk to attack him and push the potion down his throat, he will fight back and probably call for reinforcements. Under his aura, Maya, Caden, Marcy, and Gideon will submit. Our chances for a sneak attack are close to zero. We need to approach him with caution." And she didn't want to risk hurting him. 
"You don't act like a werewolf." 
"I didn't grow up as one." 
Cornelia smirked. "As I said, you are interesting." 
Talia had a feeling that Cornelia's words had an underlying meaning, but she didn't have the brain capacity to think about it. 
She was in the packhouse, and so was Damon. The mate bond urged Talia to get to Damon, but she suppressed it because if she gave in to her instincts, it would only make things worse. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 494 Encounter in the kitchen [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 494 Encounter in the kitchen [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, ErikaJ35, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 8, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Cornelia stood in front of the window to look outside, and she pulled on the collar of the t-shirt she was wearing. It was obvious that Cornelia was not comfortable in the clothes that Maya brought. 
"How long are we going to be stuck in here?" 
Talia knew that Cornelia was eager to explore the world. She didn't cross two realms in order to be trapped in a room. 
"Sorry, but until things are back to normal, we need to stay low.", Talia responded, and then she thought of something. "Dinner will be in half an hour. You can join them in the dining room." 
Cornelia didn't want to move from one room to another. She wanted to go out. 
"I'm not sure that's a good idea. Your mate is already confused. My presence will make it worse because I'm a stranger. It's best if we eat here." 
Talia didn't think about it. "It makes sense. Do you want me to bring food here now?" 
"That would give us something to do." Cornelia was planning to go out and explore the area while everyone was busy with dinner. She heard that there is a town nearby, and she really wanted to see it. 
… 
After confirming with Caden that Damon was in the study, Talia made her way to the kitchen. 
She didn't want to bump into him even though her heart pulled her toward the study they used to share before this mess started. 
Talia wondered if they will ever get a break. Talia loved Damon and she knew that he loved her back. What they had was real, yet one way or another something would come between them to prevent them from enjoying their happiness. She really didn't need anything other than Damon, but everything was a struggle like they were passing through a series of challenges that would test their commitment to each other. 
So far, it was either Damon fighting for them, or they were together. This was the first time for Talia to feel all alone in this struggle, and she feared that she won't have what it takes to preserve and fight for him. 
'You are not alone', Liseli said. 
Talia was grateful for her wolf, otherwise, she might drown in her insecurities and hide in the corner. 
Talia peeked into the kitchen to see Dawn and Zina walking out while pushing a tray with napkins, glasses, utensils, and covered serving plates. 
"What can we do for you?", Dawn asked Talia and inched closer to say in a whisper. "Don't worry, Zina and I got everything figured out. The first serving will be plated in advance and we will make sure Alpha Damon gets the right one. Just sit tight and wait for good news." 
"Thank you, Dawn.", Talia really needed this encouragement. "I came to grab some food for me and Cornelia." 
"You have plenty on the stove or in the oven on warm.", Zina said. "Help yourself. We are going to set up the dining room." 
"Where is Steph?" 
"She is outside waiting for the baker who is on his way with a lemon cake for dessert.", Zina responded and walked out after Dawn. 
Talia got two plates and turned toward the food. She was not hungry, but she knew that she needed to eat something as well. No one will benefit if she collapses from hunger. 
The steak looked just right, and there were also salad, mashed potatoes, roasted vegetables, and gravy. Everything looked tasty and Talia confirmed that the green gravy smelled of basil and garlic. 
Talia was scooping mashed potatoes when… 
"Why are you here?" 
Talia whipped her head toward the door from where a bitter female voice came. Marcy. 
Fury swelled inside Talia. 
'How dares this impostor walk here freely and act like she is the boss of everything!?', Liseli shouted in Talia's head, amplifying Talia's displeasure. 'Let's rip her head off!' 
'No one will rip anything.', Talia responded. 
'Are we letting her have her way?' 
'Of course not. Her way would be me to leave, and that's not happening.' 
Talia crossed her arms over her chest. "I could ask you the same thing." 
Marcy walked into the kitchen to stand in front of Talia confidently. "Damon called me to come here." 
"It's ALPHA Damon to you.", Talia squeezed through her teeth. 
Marcy smirked. "Not anymore. Didn't you hear? He was protecting me so far, and now that he called me back to the packhouse, it means that the danger is gone. You don't need to be my cover anymore." 
"Your cover? Is that what you think I am?" 
Marcy lifted her chin and challenged Talia. "You should learn your place, assistant Talia. Starting tomorrow, I will be the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, and you will be what you are… just an assistant. It will be up to me to determine your duties. Maybe you could clean my shoes, or maybe you get banished from the pack." 
Talia's eyes flashed. "It seems you forgot what happened the last time you flapped your mouth in front of me without thinking it through." 
Marcy's smile fell. "You won't dare hurt me. Not now when Damon decided to make me his Luna. I will see that he punishes you." 
"You won't be his Luna, Marcy." 
"Because you say so?" 
"Yes. And because I am his mate." 
Marcy blinked a few times rapidly, but she quickly composed herself. "That's just a lie Damon said to make you the target of attackers instead of me, don't tell me you actually believe it. But even if it's true, it doesn't matter. A man like Damon can choose his mate, and he chose me. You are a nobody, an anomaly. He will reject you and mark me and I will be his Luna while you will remain a nobody." 
Talia stared at Marcy. Is this why she healed her after George accepted Marcy's rejection? Sure, Marcy didn't know it was Talia, but Marcy should know that she was on the verge of dying and this was her second chance at life. Instead of fixing her ways, Marcy plunged further into darkness. 
Would Marcy really get between fated mates just because she wanted to be a Luna? She would destroy two lives, for what? For power? But then, she rejected her bond with George in order to be with Damon. Luckily, George got his second chance for happiness, as for Marcy… she just blew her second chance. 
Seeing that Talia didn't respond, Marcy smiled victoriously. "It's difficult to face reality, right? But I advise you to take a step back now and accept your defeat before things get worse." 
Talia's shoulders shook as she suppressed a wave of angry laughter. What will Marcy do? Lock her in the attic and beat her up? Marcy did that already and here was Talia, stronger than ever. She came out of that hell thanks to Damon and Talia will be damned if she gives up on him so that wenches like Marcy can have him. 
"You have no idea what I went through, Marcy. Do you think you can make it worse!?"
###Chapter 495 Uncomfortable dinner (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 495 Uncomfortable dinner (1) [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, SilaMelei, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 8, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Marcy's survival instincts warned her to step away when hair at the back of her neck rose as Talia's face hardened. 
"You want to take what doesn't belong to you, Marcy.", Talia spoke in a dangerously low tone and Marcy felt it was difficult to breathe. "I suggest you rethink your priorities and what you want to do because your life will depend on it. Literally." 
Marcy swayed when the pressure from all sides increased, and she grabbed the kitchen counter behind her to stabilize herself. Marcy wondered if Talia was crazy. If anything happened to Marcy, Damon would definitely punish the culprits. Wasn't Talia aware of that? 
"You... stop...", Marcy spoke with difficulty. 
Talia sneered. "You want me to stop? Make me. Shouldn't Damon's Luna be capable of stopping a nobody like me? Look at yourself." 
"You can't... Damon..." 
"It's ALPHA Damon to you!" Talia was shaking from anger. 
How dares this pampered princess say Damon's name like they were familiar? Marcy didn't know anything about Damon. She saw him as a powerful Alpha because her daddy told her that she needs to be Luna. What kind of a Luna will Marcy be? Like her mother? The Dark Howlers pack will be ruined! And Marcy had no idea how caring and cheeky Damon can be or how much Damon's smile made Talia's heart sing. Damon and Talia were one in body and soul even if his mind couldn't remember her, and Liseli had no intention of giving up on Sapa either! 
Marcy's face was pale as a sheet of paper, and she was losing consciousness due to pain that assaulted every cell in her body. Talia suppressed her before, but this was much worse. 
"Talia…", Dawn called from the door in a strained voice. Zina was behind Dawn in the hallway, on all four, on the floor. "Didn't you say… we need her…" 
George's mark gave Dawn a power boost, but in front of Talia's wrath, it was not much. 
At the image of her two friends suffering even though her fury was directed at Marcy, Talia took a deep breath and suppressed her aura. 
"Sorry, Dawn. Marcy expressed her desire to take what's mine and I lost it. Is Zina OK?" 
"I will be fine!", Zina squeaked from the hallway. 
"Good.", Talia said and turned to continue putting food into two plates, ignoring Marcy who was scrambling out of the kitchen, nearly crawling while pushing herself with her arms and legs. 
Marcy forgot why she came to the kitchen, but she knew that she needed to get away from there. What the hell was wrong with Talia? From where did all that power come from? And how dare those two Omegas (aka Dawn and Zina) ignore the fact that Talia was hostile? Did they forget that Marcy is their future Luna? 
Marcy gritted her teeth while cursing Talia silently. 'As soon as Damon makes me his Luna, I will show them who is the boss here!' 
The only thing Marcy needed to decide was if it will be a dungeon or hard labor, or just to kick them out of the pack while blacklisting them so that no other pack will dare to take them in. 
Marcy decided to drag herself to her room. She was drenched in sweat and shaky. She needed rest and a shower. Once she cozies up to Damon, Talia and everyone else who looks down on Marcy will get what they deserve. 
- - - 
Marcy entered the dining room to see Maya, Caden, Gideon, Mindy, and George already seated. No one acknowledged her presence, but she didn't let that bother her because of how much she saw, no one knew about pleasantries in this pack. She will teach them basic manners when she becomes their Luna. 
Marcy decided to focus on the positives. At least that crazy assistant was not there. Marcy had lingering fear from her previous encounter with Talia and she hoped that Damon will come before Talia. 
She thought about where to sit since there were no plates set up, only napkins and utensils were arranged in glasses that were grouped in the middle of the table. 
Caden was sitting at one end of the table, so Marcy could guess that Damon will sit opposite Caden. She decided to take a seat on the left from where Damon will be, mostly because that spot gave her the largest distance from George. 
Marcy was re-folding the napkin in front of her to keep busy while silently counting seconds until Damon arrives and hopefully make this less awkward. She was happy that she didn't need to wait long. 
Damon paused at the door and glanced over the faces of the people present before he moved to his usual seat. 
Maya and Caden were expected, but then he saw George, Gideon, Mindy, and on his left was Marcy. 
Damon didn't remember mending his relationship with Gideon but it probably happened because there was no other explanation as to why the Shaman was sitting there. Why was Mindy here? Didn't Caden say that the group from the Blue River pack left? And why was Mindy so close to the old guy? Was that a mark on her neck? Did Maddox know about it? 
Damon was exasperated. Just how big were his memory gaps? 
But Gideon and Mindy aside, Damon didn't like Marcy sitting there; that was the place his future Luna should hold. He shook off the unease. It's just a seat and he shouldn't overthink it. 
"Will James be joining us?", Damon asked. He knew there should be one more person, but he didn't want to bother with Nora. 
"James is in town with his friends. They are having dinner out and will be back late.", Caden responded. 
"Friends?", Marcy asked, unsure if she heard Caden right. Since when did James have time for friends? He was always either training or studying. 
"He met three teens from the Dark Howlers pack, and they hit it off well.", Caden said. "They are all exceptional talents, and we have warriors shadowing them to make sure they don't end up in trouble. After hard training, one should enjoy relaxing." 
Marcy responded with a stiff smile. She thought that James didn't come to visit her because he was busy training, and now that she heard he was having fun while she was stuck in that house, Marcy didn't like it. 
Dawn, Zina, and Stephanie entered with the cart that had plates where food was already arranged, and Zina was quick to snatch the plate closest to her and take it to Damon. 
Zina released the breath she was holding when Damon didn't comment on the extra sauce on his plate. It seemed he was hungry because he immediately got busy with food, without waiting for others to be served. Well, Damon never cared much about protocol when eating. 
Dawn helped with putting food on the table, and then she grabbed the last two plates, one for George and one for herself before she sat at the table with him. 
Marcy was still shaken after her previous encounter with Talia, and she relaxed a bit when she confirmed that Talia won't join them. Did Damon discard that damned assistant already? Or maybe he found out about what happened and Talia got punished. Ha! Suits her well! 
But Marcy had another problem at the sight of Dawn... "Do Omegas get to eat at the table with the Alpha?"
###Chapter 496 Uncomfortable dinner (2)
Chapter 496 Uncomfortable dinner (2)
Author's note: 
Thank you, SilaMelei, for the Golden Gachapon gifted on April 9, 2022! 
. . . 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the story... :) 
. . . 
"Who is the Omega you speak of?", Maya asked Marcy even though they all knew she was referring to Dawn. 
Marcy glanced at Damon and when he didn't show any visible reaction, she gestured toward Dawn. 
"Dawn is not an Omega.", George responded without looking at Marcy. He was already cutting the steak on Dawn's plate. "My mate was kind enough to help in the kitchen. It was her choice to work. Dawn likes to be useful and not idle and wait to be served." His voice was icy, but there was some pride in it also. 
"Thank you, babe.", Dawn gushed. 
George shot her a smile with, "Anything for you. Feel free to put others in their place. Ignorant people will think of your kindness as a weakness." 
George lifted a fork to offer Dawn a piece of steak he cut, and she opened her mouth obediently. 
Marcy glared at George and Dawn. Did George call her ignorant? 
She felt like someone squeezed her throat because she couldn't breathe at the sight of a mark on Dawn's neck. 
Marcy's mind was spinning. Did she hear that right? Dawn was George's mate? Was that his mark on her neck? How was that possible? Was he doing this only to rile her up? Marcy was confident that George was lying because just a few days ago the bond between them broke. Marcy was upset that she collapsed while George was fine. And it's not just that he was fine, but he was already lovey-dovey with another woman, and he even marked her! No, it can't be true. He was putting up a show only to rile her up because she was about to become Damon's Luna! 
Marcy had plenty of time to think while she was stuck in that house alone, and she remembered George accepting her rejection while identifying himself as an Alpha. In a way, it made sense because he was strong and there was an air of dignity around him. Marcy thought how that's just a bearing of a Commander, but now she knew that her mate was an Alpha, and she was stupid to reject him. 
But she didn't allow herself to dwell on that seatback. It was the right thing to do because she will be Damon's Luna. Yes, yes… she will focus on the handsome man on her right because that's her future. 
George, the sparks, his scent of clover, and everything else that happened between them was gone and she shouldn't dwell on it. How can that emotional stuff compare to a life of comfort and security that Damon can provide her? 
What was the point of George being an Alpha if he didn't have a pack? George was just a lapdog to her father, while Alpha Damon had thousands of warriors at his disposal, enormous territory, and the massive packhouse. 
With that, Marcy pushed unnecessary thoughts about George to the back of her mind. 
No one spoke and Marcy's discomfort rose. Why did she feel like an outsider? 
Now that she thought about it, it was only couples at the table. 
Maya and Caden ignored Marcy, so she didn't bother with them. 
George and Dawn were obnoxiously lovey-dovey. Did they need to feed each other? And it was not just them, but Gideon and Mindy were also talking in whispers while Gideon fed both of them. Why were Mindy's hands under the table? 
Marcy looked at the fine man on her right who was supposed to be focused on her, yet Damon was stuffing food into his mouth like he didn't eat in days, and he acted like Marcy was not there. 
Marcy wondered if this was some kind of test. Surely, as Damon's Luna, she should entertain guests and ensure that the atmosphere was pleasant. 
Out of everyone present, Marcy thought that she might try interacting with Mindy. 
"Miss Mindy, who is the man by your side?", Marcy asked sweetly. 
Mindy's eyes snapped at Marcy and Marcy could clearly feel the hostility rising. 
Maya cleared her throat. "I apologize for not introducing everyone." She gestured while talking. "This is Shaman Gideon, Mindy, you all know me and Caden, Commander George, Dawn, Marcy, and our Alpha Damon. James, Petra, Erik, and Zack are also staying in the packhouse, but they are currently out. Oh, and Shaman Gideon's cousin…", Maya's voice trailed, and she looked at Gideon questionably. 
"Cornelia was tired from her trip, so she asked for food to be delivered to her room.", Gideon said. 
Damon listened to this, and he brushed off mentioning of Cornelia like not important. He had so many gaps in his memory that one more didn't add much to his already bad state. But he noticed that previously black holes in his mind were becoming hazy like something was coming back but he couldn't grasp it yet. 
Marcy smiled when Maya ended the introductions of people without mentioning Talia. She was obviously not important. 
Marcy turned to look at Damon and she froze when she realized that he was staring at her while chewing absentmindedly. 
"Is something wrong?", Marcy asked Damon. 
"I don't know. Is it?", Damon responded with a question. 
Damon didn't mind that a person was sitting on his left, but Marcy didn't seem right for that position. Was this him remembering something? Damon was not sure. But he kept staring at Marcy like there were answers under her skin. 
He put another piece of steak into his mouth and turned to look at Marcy, slowly inspecting her face which was now slightly flushed. 
"How is the food, Alpha Damon?" 
Dawn's question pulled Damon out of his thoughts. She noticed that Damon's behavior changed, but she expected him to go and find Talia or maybe slap Marcy, but none of that happened. 
"It's good.", he said. 
"Do you need seconds of anything?" She really wanted to know how much sauce he ate, but she didn't want to be too obvious about it. 
"No. If I do, I will help myself.", he responded, thinking that she was being servile because of her past as an Omega. Even if the first serving was plated in advance, they had more food available on the table, and anyone can take more if needed. That's how it always was, Damon remembered that much. 
"Why don't you ask me?", Marcy asked Dawn with a smile, thinking that George's so-called mate should serve her. Marcy saw Dawn in the kitchen, and she was sure that Dawn was just an Omega. Marcy didn't buy the story of Dawn working willingly. Who would dirty their hands if they had a choice? 
Dawn looked at Marcy and blinked. "Why would I ask you? You have hands." 
Marcy's nostrils flared in anger, but she swallowed the curses that threatened to spill out of her mouth. Damon was watching. Marcy plastered a fake smile while chanting silently how she will get back at Dawn after Damon announces her as his Luna. 
"Alpha Damon…", Marcy called sweetly, and she put her hand over Damon's wrist that rested on the table as he held the knife. 
Damon frowned at the point where their hands connected. Somehow, it didn't feel right. He had no idea why, but it was as if his body was telling him that a touch from a woman shouldn't be this… empty.
###Chapter 497 Uncomfortable dinner (3)
Chapter 497 Uncomfortable dinner (3)
Damon pulled his hand away from Marcy's grasp. "Yes?" 
"I was wondering, what are your plans for tomorrow? Is there anything that involves me?" Marcy really wanted him to talk about the announcement that she will be revealed as his future Luna. Then everyone at the table will get a reminder of how important she is. 
Damon put a piece of meat into his mouth, and then he scooped some mashed potato and gravy, and he chewed all that slowly while remembering Caden's words about how Marcy expects Damon to announce that Marcy will be his Luna, but Damon had no intention of doing that. However, he couldn't tell her that without remembering the missing pieces. 
Marcy thought that a forever passed before Damon spoke. 
"I have a lot of things pending that need to be prioritized. When I have something solid, involving you, you will be informed." 
Marcy was not pleased with this response, but there was nothing much she could do. 
Damon was not rejecting her, but he was not welcoming either. Was this another test? Or was this how her life will be going forward? 
Marcy pressed her lips into a line while thinking about her parents. They were not lovey-dovey either, at least not in front of others. Will Damon be more caring when it's just the two of them? It's not that Marcy was expecting sizzling passion and romance, but after experiencing bliss in George's embrace, Marcy's idea of how a couple should act included desire and some level of conversation that goes beyond Damon issuing orders and Marcy sitting obediently until she was needed. 
Marcy got an idea. 
"Alpha Damon, I was wondering if you can join me for a walk after dinner." 
Damon looked at her blankly. "A what?" 
"A walk.", Marcy repeated. "There are a few things I would like to discuss with you, in private. Maybe in the garden?" 
Damon's vision blurred as Marcy's image overlapped with another face. That other face was barely noticeable, but Damon saw honey-colored eyes and copper-colored hair and he really hoped to see more of it, because it made him feel something. 
"Sure.", Damon responded robotically. "Whenever you are ready." 
Marcy gulped some water with haste and stood up. "Now is fine." She couldn't eat in this awkward atmosphere anyway. 
Damon followed after Marcy, and they left the dining room in silence. 
"Do you think she will try something?", Mindy asked in a whisper. 
"Definitely.", Dawn responded, and she went to check Damon's plate and she frowned. "He didn't finish his food." 
"How much did he have?", Maya asked. 
"Well, he finished the steak and for the rest... about three quarters. It's difficult to tell because he mixed gravy with mashed potatoes.", Dawn said. 
"Now what?", Mindy asked. 
Gideon responded, "Now, we wait. Cornelia said that it will take some time for the potion to work and if he didn't have the full dose, then..." He was not sure what then. 
"Wouldn't it be best for Talia to be with Damon?", Maya asked. "If the magic is cracked even a little bit, the bond could break through." 
They all looked at Gideon. He was the expert in that area. 
Unfortunately, this was beyond Gideon's expertise. He wanted to tell them to ask Cornelia, but he remembered that the witch said this was the first time for them to create a potion that would suppress the dark magic, and they didn't have much time to test it. 
However, Gideon knew one thing. "If Damon's emotions are unstable and Marcy and Talia meet in front of him, it might push him either way." 
Mindy groaned and Gideon turned to talk to her. "I know it's hard, but we can't forget that Marcy knows she is the second woman, and she is consciously taking over Talia's spot. If Damon is not accepting of Talia decisively, Marcy will take advantage of it and Talia will be deeply hurt just by the fact that Damon is entertaining Marcy. I suggest that we give him some time. They are just walking in the garden. In the worst case, the potion didn't work, and we need to try again." Cornelia said that there are three doses. 
"In one minute, I will go and check.", Caden volunteered. 
"No.", George rejected Caden's idea. "If you go, your Alpha will look at it as disrespect. Remember what Talia said. If this fails, we can't risk that he puts all of us in the dungeon because there will be no one to watch over him and the Dark Howlers pack. You and Maya need to stay neutral unless Damon is on the verge of making a big mistake." 
"Should I go?", Mindy offered. She had no problems telling Damon what was on her mind or giving a slap or two to Marcy. Mindy was still vexed by what happened earlier with Cornelia, and Mindy had extra energy she would gladly spend on Marcy. 
"I will go.", George said. "I am not Damon's subordinate, and I can get Marcy to back down just by reminding her of a few things." 
Dawn frowned at George's words, and he gave her hand a gentle squeeze to reassure her that he got this under control. George didn't want to get close to Marcy either, but there was no one else better for the job. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
In the garden… 
Marcy walked half a step behind Damon, wondering how to start a conversation. She was really itchy to get confirmation of how she will be his Luna. That will make her father happy, but more than that, Marcy saw that as her ticket to freedom. Sure, she will be tied to Damon and to this pack, but in her opinion, anything was better than being stuck in the Red Moon pack as a princess without any real power. 
They passed by one bench nestled between two tall rose bushes, and Marcy frowned a bit when Damon paused to stare at the bench, but then he continued walking. 
Marcy wanted to say how that was a good spot to chat with privacy from any prying eyes, but Damon was moving further into the darkness, making Marcy uneasy. 
There were no lights in the garden, and with every step, the visibility was reducing. This was Alpha Damon's territory and if he wanted to get frisky, they could go to his room, or hers, or just about anywhere… was there a need for the darkness? 
Lost in her thoughts and diminishing visibility, Marcy's leg brushed against one rock, and she lost balance. Her hand waved wildly, and she latched herself on Damon's arm. 
It was accidental, but Marcy thought of this as a happy accident and she had no intention of letting go. 
Damon paused and stared at Marcy who was now holding him, and she didn't let go even after she regained her balance. 
"Alpha Damon…", Marcy called sweetly, and she squeezed his firm bicep. 
Damon didn't like that she was holding him, but something else got his attention. 
Damon inched closer, his face hovering above Marcy's and she thought that he will kiss her, but to her disappointment, he just sniffed the air. 
"Your scent is not right." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 498 Wrong scent
Chapter 498 Wrong scent
Damon looked at Marcy who licked her lips in anticipation of a kiss that was not coming. 
"Your scent is not right.", he said. 
Marcy's scent was heavy, reminding him of sweetened coconut that stayed in a sealed bag for too long. For some inexplicable reason, Damon expected a much lighter scent, sweet and citrusy, a scent that was more pleasing than the freesia his mother used to plant. 
In reality, Marcy was an attractive young woman with curves in all the right places, obviously offering herself to him, and regardless of what were her motives, he should pounce on her right then and there; it wouldn't be the first time for Damon to take advantage of a woman in such a situation. Yet, Damon found himself repulsed at the idea of being intimate with Marcy. 
Damon observed her unblemished skin, silky blonde hair, and meticulous makeup that was just enough to accentuate her light blue eyes and full lips… nothing about Marcy was really wrong, yet nothing was right either. 
Marcy's eyes widened at the sight of Damon frowning. Did he say that she smells bad? 
"I showered before dinner.", Marcy blurted out. She really did. But then she understood that something else might be off. Just how for Marcy George's scent was better than any other, if Talia was Damon's mate, no other scent would compare to Talia's. At least not until Damon rejects the annoying assistant. 
"Are you thinking about Talia?" 
"Talia?" The name on his lips sounded oddly familiar like he said it many times before. 
Marcy hummed in confirmation. "Talia, your assistant. You shouldn't bother with that nobody. Once you mark me, you will forget about her completely." 
"You think I need to mark you in order to forget about my assistant?" What a strange thing to say, Damon thought. 
Marcy giggled, feeling that his words confirmed how Talia was not Damon's mate and that Talia was not important. "Of course not. It's just that she has an unhealthy attachment to you. Once I become your Luna…" 
"Alpha Damon!", a stern voice came from the side and Marcy's insides jolted when she realized that it was George. Why was he here? 
George frowned at the point that Marcy was holding Damon's arm. "It seems you are bolder, princess Marcy.", George said ominously. "I wonder what Alpha Damon will say if he knew what happened on the way here…" 
Marcy let go of Damon's arm, like she burned herself. She knew very well what George wanted to say. What was with that smug smirk that she could see clearly in the darkness? Was George blackmailing her? It definitely looked like it. 
"Damon", George called without his title. "Why are you allowing Marcy to stick to you?" 
Damon sneered. On top of this confusion, George came here to tell him what to do. Was everyone trying to manipulate him? "What is it to you?" 
"When I told you that Dawn is my second chance mate, you told me to treat her well otherwise Talia will be upset. It seems to me that you forgot about who is important because you are set on breaking Talia's heart." 
Damon blinked. Somehow, the fact that Dawn was George's second chance mate was important, but Damon was not sure why. And here was George again, talking about Talia. His headache increased. 
"Let's leave this talk for the morning. I had a busy day and I still have things to do…", Damon mumbled this last part and walked into the packhouse. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Marcy was about to go after Damon, but George extended his arm, blocking her way. 
"Why are you meddling? Don't you have that Omega to entertain you, or did you already get bored of her? Go, find another one and leave me alone!", Marcy hissed at George, and then she remembered what George said before. "That Omega is your second chance mate?" 
"Her name is Dawn.", George said. "I suggest you don't provoke me or her because you will realize that Dawn is more than just an Omega." 
Marcy snorted and she made a wide curve to walk past George into the packhouse, but she froze when George spoke again. 
"How is your wolf, Marcy? I wonder if Damon will choose a Luna who lost her wolf." 
"It's none of your business!", Marcy hissed. 
"True. It's not mine, but I think it's Alpha Damon's. How about we go after him and see how he takes this news." George walked closer and smiled maliciously while talking in a low voice, "Or will he be more upset to find out that the woman who is picturing herself as a perfect Luna is not only wolf less, but she also gave herself to another man in his packhouse, right under his nose." 
Marcy gritted her teeth so hard that it felt like they were about to crack. "What do you want?" 
"Know your place, Marcy. Or I will show it to you." 
Marcy exhaled irritably. "You have your mate. I won't tell my father that you are an Alpha. Can you just let me be?" 
Georg's expression darkened. "Don't think that you have something on me. If you spread that shit around, everyone will know that I was your first mate, and that rejection of that bond killed your wolf right after you gave your body to me. Think about who will suffer more between the two of us but be certain that I won't go down without dragging you with me." 
"What will your mate say if she…" 
"She knows.", George deadpanned. "My mate knows everything." He enjoyed Marcy's sour expression. "You see, Marcy, mates don't manipulate each other. No secrets. No games. Just accepting that we were meant to be together. If the Moon Goddess shows pity and gives you a second chance mate, try not rejecting the poor bastard before you figure out who he is." 
Marcy's face was contorted into an ugly grimace as she glared at George's retreating back. And she didn't miss the scene of Dawn standing on the terrace and hugging George as soon as he got close. 
Marcy wanted to go into the packhouse after Damon, or maybe into her room, but George and Dawn were right there, hugging, and Marcy didn't want to get close to them, so she ended up standing in the garden stupidly. 
"Are you OK?", Dawn asked George while inspecting his face anxiously. 
George smiled and planted a kiss on Dawn's forehead. "We are fine, Dawn. She is a nobody. I wish I knew that earlier. Then I would accept her rejection right away and come here to find you." 
Dawn's lips lifted into a smile as relief washed over her. She could feel that George's emotions were unstable as he spoke to Marcy, but it was not longing. He was angry and upset and Dawn was happy that all negativity disappeared the moment Dawn entered his visual range. 
This little episode confirmed to Dawn that George was hers and hers only. 
"I love you, George…", Dawn said, and she could hear his heart beating faster. 
He cupped her cheeks and looked into her eyes. "You are my light, Dawn. You are my everything." And then he kissed her like he meant it. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 499 Losing a mother-figure
Chapter 499 Losing a mother-figure
Damon made his way toward the stairs, with the intention to go to his room. He needed rest, or maybe a drink because facing people without understanding what was going on was not helping. 
Since he exited the portal that leads to the Midnight Guardians pack, Damon was running in his wolf form which took a toll on his body because his wolf was not there, and then he worked in the study without rest and he really wanted to shower and wash his arm where Marcy touched him. Twice. It felt dirty. Damon wondered from where that came. He touched many women and they touched him in return, and it was never a big deal, but this really felt wrong to the point of his skin crawling. 
Damon was about to climb the stairs when he noticed an angry presence that rooted him in the spot. He turned slowly to see Stephanie standing there with her arms crossed over her chest. 
"Damon, Damon, Damon…", Stephanie called repeatedly while shaking her head. Her face was stern, and her voice was full of disappointment, and it reminded him of the moments when his mother would scold him because he messed up big time. 
What did he mess up now? Was this another thing he couldn't remember? 
"What, Steph?" 
"What did I tell you when you brought Talia here?" 
Damon stiffened at the mention of Talia. It seemed that everyone here knew about that girl, and they all cared for her. Everyone, except Damon. 
"What did you tell me?" 
"You knew that she didn't have an easy life. Goddess knows why you were stubbornly keeping her here and refusing to let her relocate to another place, even though she asked for it, and Maya and I told you that's the right thing to do because everyone here was looking down on her. I thought that she made you feel something. I told you not to play with her. I told you not to harm her…" 
Stephanie's words were like knives stabbing into Damon's heart. 
"What makes you think I harmed her?", Damon asked. 
"Are you kidding me? You went on a vacation with Talia. She was happy when she came to pick up the food for the road, only for you to return on your own and to allow that bloodsucker from the Red Moon pack to take Talia's place. Tell me, what did you do to Talia? Where is she?" 
Maybe all of them thought that Stephanie was oblivious because she didn't talk about it, but she could see how Damon and Talia looked at each other, how they changed over time, and those small interactions where Talia's eyes would always search for Damon, only to find him looking at her already. 
Stephanie thought it was real, but when she saw Marcy sitting at the table on Talia's spot and Damon acting like it was a totally normal thing, Stephanie had enough. 
One glance at Marcy gave Stephanie a Cassie-like déjà vu. Marcy was just another she-wolf who was after Damon's money and power. Stephanie thought that after kicking out Cassie, Damon learned his lesson, but now that Marcy was acting like she was about to own this place and Damon was fine with it, Stephanie wondered if Damon was mentally challenged or if he was just thinking with his pecker. In either case, that's not how an Alpha should act if he cares about his pack. And Stephanie thought that Damon cared about the Dark Howlers pack. Maybe she was wrong. About everything. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon couldn't believe this. Why was Stephanie treating him like he was the bad guy? He might be many things, but he was not a person who would abuse women! Or maybe he was an abuser, the worst kind, but he forgot about that also. 
"Why do you think I did anything to her?" 
"Stop talking to me like I am an idiot, Damon!", Stephanie snapped. She was not talking to her Alpha, but to a grown-up man who was acting like a child and like his actions don't have consequences. 
"Maybe this is some twisted game to you, but Talia came here broken and I thought you wanted to help her heal. I saw you taking care of her food, training, doctors, and you were there for her. I watched her transform from a scared girl who hides her insecurities behind a smile into a confident young woman who was glowing. I thought you were serious for once in your life. And I loved the fact that she was fixing you in return." 
Stephanie's expression hardened. "If I knew that all was just an act so you can break that poor child again, I would never allow it to happen! You should know that I stayed here only because of the friendship I had with your mother. I hoped to repay Violet's kindness by helping you, but seeing you do this…" Stephanie released a long breath. "I realized that I overestimated myself. Since my presence here is a waste of time, I suggest you find someone else to manage your packhouse. I will leave before the pack run, and I hope you will allow me to take Lisa with me. No matter what she did to end up in the dungeon, I guarantee that she won't be a problem because we will be far from here." 
Damon felt his stomach sinking. He didn't care much about Lisa, but Stephanie was always by his side, offering support and scolding when needed, keeping him grounded and acting like his mother. The fact that she was giving up meant he really crossed the line, and he didn't even know what that line was, damn it! 
"Where will you go?" 
"I don't know. I will stay with my sister at the Lightclaw pack until I figure out where to go next. No matter where I go, I will pray that The Moon Goddess forgives you for how you treated all women who fell for you, especially Talia. I knew that what happened to Violet and Jacob messed with your head, but I didn't know that it messed your heart beyond repair. Set her free, Damon. Don't make Talia pay for your mistakes." 
Stephanie was about to leave, but then she remembered one more thing. "People follow you because you are a good Alpha. If you continue treating people who love you like trash, you will find yourself either all alone, or surrounded by snakes like Marcy. In either case, you will discover that managing a pack is quite difficult on your own." 
Damon stared at Stephanie who gave him a sad smile and then she turned and left. Just like that. 
He jabbed his hand into his hair. All this was such a mess. What the hell was going on? 
Should he tell Stephanie that he doesn't remember? How will that help? 
But no matter how angry Stephanie was, she actually told him more than anyone else. 
Stephanie said that Talia came here in a bad state and Damon spent time with her, caring for her, and then… then what? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 500 Memories and the painful reality
Chapter 500 Memories and the painful reality
"How are you doing?", Maya asked Talia when she entered the room. 
"I'm fine.", Talia said. She was far from fine, but she didn't want to talk about it. 
Ever since Cornelia left, Talia was pacing through the room, torn between the reason that told her to stay put and emotions that were urging her to go to Damon. 
Seeing Maya in the room, Talia wanted to ask about the situation with Damon, but she knew already what happened during dinner because she watched them through the security video feed, and Talia couldn't make herself continue watching what was going on in the garden even though cameras had night vision. 
If anything happened between Damon and Marcy, before the potion took effect, Talia didn't want to know about it. And what if the dose was not enough for Damon? Or what if it was not effective at all? 
Talia knew that Caden was watching Damon from the distance with the task to notify Maya if anything important happened, and if Caden didn't mind-link Maya, things were fine. Or at least not worse. Hopefully. 
"Where is Cornelia?", Maya asked. 
Talia shrugged. "She said that she will explore the area." 
"Is she really a witch?", Maya asked with sparkles in her eyes. 
"Do you think that Mindy lied when she said that Cornelia took her voice with a wave of her finger? And didn't you hear that we teleported here from Gideon's house?" 
"How did you meet? She doesn't have a wolf, so I assume she is not from the Midnight Guardians pack." 
Talia pursed her lips. It's not that she didn't want to tell her, but… "Can we talk about it some other time?" 
"Sure. Do you think that Cornelia will be willing to do a demonstration of what she can do?" 
"I don't know, Maya. Cornelia is a priestess, not an entertainer." 
Maya pouted. "I know, but I still hope to see some of that magic." 
"Thank you for being here, Maya." 
"It is I who should thank you.", Maya said seriously. "I can only imagine how much it hurts that Damon forgot about you, yet you came here with a plan instead of trashing the place or just leaving him behind to deal with this on his own." 
"I had to come." 
"No, you didn't. With the mate bond weakened, you could turn your back on all this mess, but you didn't. Damon doesn't remember you which means he is the same Damon he was before he met you and I can tell you that Damon with Talia as his mate is much more pleasant to be around. The whole pack should thank you for this sacrifice." 
Talia realized that Maya was right. Actually, if this was Talia from a few weeks ago, she would run and not look back. Talia changed. Thanks to Damon she found strength she never thought she had. Or maybe she just found something worth fighting for. 
Talia put her hand over her chest. "I can feel the bond fluctuating as the potion is eroding the dark magic." There was irritation and confusion, and Talia hoped it will continue. 
Maya's eyes lost focus for a moment and she smiled a little. "Damon left Marcy in the garden, and he is heading upstairs." She didn't want to mention George. The version where Damon left on his own sounded better. "Will you go and see him?" 
Talia's body ached in need to go to Damon and ease his anxiety, yet her insides tightened at the possibility of him pushing her away again. "Not yet. I want to make sure he can feel the bond, or I might make it worse. His guard is down because he doesn't feel threatened. If he sees me with all of you backing me…" 
"If the potion doesn't work, that will need to happen, Talia. Right now, he is unstable. We can't let him stay in power and endanger the whole pack. If he goes through with making Marcy his Luna, Alpha Edward won't hesitate in taking advantage of the situation." 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath. "What are you saying?" 
"I am saying that Caden is his friend, and I am Caden's mate, and we both respect Damon as an Alpha. But we will not allow Damon to ruin this pack just because he can't remember who should be his Luna." 
Talia held her breath as Maya's words sank in. They would rebel against Damon. But how can they do that if Damon can suppress them with a thought? "Let's hope it doesn't come to it." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon was in his bedroom, the same one he used for the last decade, but it was different. 
There was another scent mixed in with his, and he noticed two plush toys on the sofa. One was a small dog, brown in color, and the other one was a black wolf with blue eyes. Damon heard a voice in his head, 'Look, Cinna, this is your brother. He is bigger, so he will be your big brother, Blackie.' And Damon's voice responded, 'Blackie Blake'. 
Damon's mind was spinning. 
He walked to the bathroom and splashed cold water on his face. When he lifted his gaze, he saw himself in the mirror. It was a familiar face, but everything about it felt strange. 
His gaze moved to the second sink to see another set of toiletries. Female. 
Damon rushed to the closet to see female clothes. Did he have a woman in here? The scent was what he was looking for, sweet and citrusy... a few days old. 
Part of him was relieved that this was not Marcy's scent, but who was the woman? 
An image flashed of a young woman in a revealing red babydoll-style garment. Her face was hazy, but he knew that she was looking at him shyly. 'Is it working?', she asked. 'You asked me if I'm trying to seduce you…' 
Damon blinked when the vision disappeared, and he realized he was hard. What the hell? Why did his body respond to that image? She was not tall nor super-curvy, yet he was confident that he has never seen a more attractive woman in his life. 
He looked around the closet, trying to see if anything else will trigger more images, and when that didn't happen, Damon walked back to stand in the middle of the bedroom. 
And there she was again, right in front of him, and this time he could see her face clearly. She had honeyed eyes and copper-colored hair and he heard himself talking, 'I really want to kiss you, but I fear that you won't like it. I fear that you will reject me. Tell me, kitten, can I kiss you?' 
He rubbed his face with force. When on Earth was he the one to ask permission to kiss a girl? Damon was not sure if the memory was real, but he knew that emotions were real. He was really afraid that she will reject him. 
"Kitten...", Damon murmured and his eyes fell on the side table where a headband with cat ears was resting and somehow it made him think about an amusement park and sitting with a girl on his lap in the shade of a tree. 
'Old guy!', Damon shouted in his mind. 'I need you to wake up and tell me what's the truth!' But his wolf didn't respond. It was like he was not there at all. 
Damon turned to look at two plush toys, hoping they will tell him where they came from, but then he heard a female voice, 'We don't need to think about moving. Daddy Damon won't kick us out when he finds his Luna because it seems that's me…' And his heart cracked because he could feel her love and sincerity, and… he fucked up big time. 
Damon's head hurt like it was about to split open, and he pressed his palms on his temples firmly when he fell on his knees as images flashed in front of his eyes, always the same girl, blushing, smiling, crying, bruised up, surprised, determined, bashful… and he knew her name, Talia. 
Each of those images came with a surge of emotions and tugged on his heart, ripping it into pieces, and he really wanted to touch her and hold her and make things better because he could see her shock and feel her desperation as she called for him after he pushed her away in that cave. 
He curled on the floor in the fetal position and chanted, "Talia… Talia…" 
'Don't leave me… I promise that you will be my last. No one will come after you… Do you accept me as your mate willingly?… Say that you are mine… Do you trust me?… I would flip the heaven and earth to find you, and I wouldn't stop until I do… I want to love you in every way possible…', those were his words directed at the little woman who looked at him with eyes full of love and hope. 
Even when she was scared and insecure, she chose to believe him and he betrayed her trust. 
He said that he will protect her forever. She was his most precious person in the world, yet he left her behind in the enemy's territory like she was not important. She told him they were hunted, that it was dangerous, and he left! 
He was such an asshole! 
Damon had an urge to scream and howl, but he was unable to make a sound. His body refused to move, and then everything turned dark. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 501 Yin Yang [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 501 Yin Yang [Bonus chapter]
Talia ran up the stairs like the wind with Maya struggling to catch up to her. 
Talia could feel Damon's pain clearly which came with his internal scream that threatened to break her heart into pieces. Regret. Sorrow. Desperation. Self-loathing. And she knew that he remembered, at least some of it. 
"Damon!", she called from the door, and she crumbled to her knees by his side. 
He was lying on the floor with a layer of dark mist around him. 
'What is this?', Talia asked Liseli with her hands hovering an inch above Damon, fearing that if she touches him she might make it worse. 
'He is fighting the dark magic.' 
'Can we help him?' 
'His Betas are watching.', Liseli said. 'I thought you wanted to keep your abilities a secret.' 
Talia lifted her gaze to see Maya and Caden at the door with confusion and concern obvious on their faces. 
'It doesn't matter.', Talai said to Liseli. 
Caden wanted to go by Damon's side, but Maya held him back. Somehow, she had a feeling that Talia's got this. 
Talia's hands started glowing in silvery light that mixed with the dark layer around Damon, making it turn grayish. 
'More, we need more…', Talia urged Liseli. 
Liseli didn't respond, but Talia knew that Liseli agreed. Damon was fighting not only with the dark magic, but also with the negativity because of what happened, and this was Talia's way of assuring him that she was by his side. 
Maya and Caden stared at the scene in front of them that looked like it came from a science fiction movie. 
Talia's whole body was glowing in silvery light that was merging with the darkness around Damon, making them look like a real-life Yin Yang sign. 
'Damon… Damon… Do you feel me?', Talia spoke without using any words. 'I need you to wake up. I'm here. I need you. It's OK. Please, wake up.' 
Talia didn't know if he can hear her, but she hoped she was helping him dispel the wretched magic that shut down the amazing connection they were sharing. 
Talia's body trembled from exhaustion, days without sleep and not enough food took their toll on her body, but Talia didn't give up. She couldn't. 
Some of his darkness seeped into her hands, but she didn't care. For weeks, Damon was by her side, patiently waiting for her to feel the bond and recognize him as her mate, and this was her turn to show support, in the only way she knew how. 
She remembered when they met in the kitchen of the Red Moon pack. His expression was stern and scary, but later Talia realized how that was his way of showing concern. Damon wasn't upset that she was in the kitchen getting food, he was upset because she was hurt. She knew that now. From that moment onward Damon was obsessed with Talia's wellbeing, and even though there were moments she didn't know why he was doing things he did, now she was confident that he was doing everything he could to keep her safe. 
In his silly, overbearing, reckless way, he was protecting her even when he jumped on rogues only to get himself stabbed with a wolfsbane-laced knife. Silly Alpha. 
"Come on, Damon…", Talia spoke in a whisper. "You can do this. I am here. We can do this. Come back to me." 
The silvery light was bright to the point of making everything in the room turn white and then it flashed in a blinding surge before it dimmed completely. 
Maya hovered above Talia who was now slumped above Damon. 
"What do you think?", she asked Caden. 
"They are alive.", Caden responded and visually inspected two unmoving bodies, happy that they stopped glowing and the grayish mist was gone, and he hoped that was a good thing. "Let's move them to bed." 
Maya and Caden lifted Talia with ease and placed her on the bed, and Damon was next. 
Without opening her eyes, Talia scooted closer to Damon and put her hand on his chest. 
Maya shook her head while observing the duo. 
"What?", Caden asked. 
"I wanted Cornelia to show me magic, yet Talia was right here, hiding a secret." 
"Don't overthink it. I'm sure she has her reasons for hiding it.", Caden said. "It's best we pretend we didn't see anything until she reveals that on her own." 
He tugged her to sit on the sofa. "Let's sit and watch over them. This might be a long night." 
"What can we do if something happens?" 
Caden shrugged. "Be a witness. Make sure no one disturbs them. That's what Betas do for their Alphas." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon groaned lowly, and before he opened his eyes he felt a warm presence by his side. It was a familiar shape that fit perfectly with the curves of his body, and the sparks that ignited wherever they touched confirmed it was Talia. 
He opened his eyes to see Talia's hair spread over his chest and smiled a little in relief. All the negativity he experienced must be a nightmare because there was no way that he forgot how important Talia was, and even if he didn't remember her, he wouldn't leave her behind in an unknown place. And she was right there, in their room, it was all good. 
"Are you yourself?" 
Caden's question made Damon look that way and he frowned. Why were Caden and Maya there? 
"What do you mean?", Damon asked. The rumble in his chest made Talia stir and he tightened his hold on her. 
"I mean. Do you know who I am? Do you know who she is?", Caden gestured toward Talia, and Damon's stomach sank. Was it possible it was not a nightmare? 
Damon responded with a nod. 
"Talia went through a lot of shit to get you back, Damon.", Caden said. "You brought Marcy into the packhouse, and she believes you will make her his Luna." 
"I will fix it.", Damon said. 
"I hope so. Are you OK now?" 
Damon was not sure how to respond to this. Was he OK? His mind was in turmoil and his emotions were a mess, and Caden was talking again. 
"Can we go to our room? If you feel anything is off with your head or your body, mind-link me. Don't keep this shit from me, man. This is so much bigger than you and your ego. I thought I lost you. We all did." 
Maya didn't speak, but her troubled expression told Damon that she felt the same way as Caden. 
"I will.", Damon said before calling, "Caden, Maya… thank you." 
The Beta duo nodded, and they left the bedroom in silence. 
Damon turned to look at Talia and he cradled her in his arms, pulling her as close as possible to his body, needing that physical touch to confirm that she was there, and this was real instead of those horrible images of him running through the forest, sitting at the dining table with Marcy by his side, leaving the cave after he shoved Talia away… His body trembled because he somehow knew that those were real also. How the hell was he going to make up this to Talia? How was he going to get over the heart-wrenching pain in his chest because he hurt his mate? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 502 The pretty and the ugly side (1)
Chapter 502 The pretty and the ugly side (1)
Talia took a deep breath that filled her system with the addictive scent of the forest and dark chocolate. Damon. He was by her side, his solid arms were around her, and she wished that the last few days were just a bad dream, but the regret and sorrow that seeped into her through the mate bond told her that she was not imagining it, and she knew he was awake and drowning himself in the grief of what happened in the last few days. 
Talia looked up to meet Damon's icy-blue eyes full of emotions directed at her. 
"How are you feeling?", she asked. 
"I am so sorry, kitten.", he croaked, his voice breaking. 
She was saddened to see him like that but also relieved because she knew he was back. Her Damon was back. 
"It's not your fault." 
He shook his head. "And whose fault was it?" 
"If I didn't mark you…", Damon put his index finger to stop her from talking, but she pushed his hand away. "No, Damon. I want you to know that it was not your fault. I marked you and when you didn't wake up in the morning and I realized that besides glowing all over you had a fever, I panicked, and I called Axel. He came with Alpha Isaac, and I agreed that we go to the Midnight Guardians territory, believing they will help you." 
Damon's brows came together in a frown as he listened to Talia's story about how Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia feared that he was getting too powerful, and Cassandra performed dark magic, and how Axel, Tyler, Kai, and Meg helped them get into the cave where he woke up after three days. 
Damon was shocked and fascinated to find out how he found himself without memories. There was so much information that he was not sure what to focus on first, but then Talia reached the point of him waking up and she conveniently skipped what happened during those three days, and he knew that she was sparing him from feeling more guilty than he already was. 
"When I woke up, I was disoriented and confused, and the only thing on my mind was to return home.", Damon said. "I know it's not much of an excuse, but I really didn't know who you were. You were talking about dangers and asking me to stay, I couldn't feel the bond, and I thought that you are trying to deceive me…" 
"Shh…", Talia shushed him because she could feel his emotions and she knew he was on the verge of hyperventilating. "I'm not done." 
Damon pressed his lips into a line and tilted his head, indicating to Talia to continue. 
"It wouldn't matter if you stayed because you couldn't remember me. I decided to go back and find out what they did to you and how to revert the process." 
"You went back?", Damon asked breathily. "What about Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia?" Damon's expression darkened. Those two Alphas were set to harm him, and it caused him to forget about his mate, about the rightful Luna of his pack. That meant war! 
Talia realized how that was another story, and she didn't want to talk about her so-called family or about her being the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Talia decided to keep those parts for later. "Axel helped me. Things happened and he took over the Alpha position from his parents." That was the short version with a few details omitted. 
Damon felt jealousy swelling at the gentle voice Talia used when talking about Axel. Normally, Damon would blow a fuse, but this time he swallowed his grievances because he bailed on Talia, and he had no right to question her about what happened after that. He left her on her own, and his little mate managed to do the impossible. He forced himself to focus on what Talia was saying. 
"After talking to Cassandra, we realized that she knew only how to use dark magic and she had no idea how to dispel it, but she said that black runes originated from witches, so we went to find them." 
"Witches? How did you do all that in only one day?" 
"Time passes differently there compared to here, and…" Talia stopped talking because there was so much to say, and she remembered that she can fast-forward through it. 'Can I show him?' 
'Yes.', Liseli responded, glad that Talia remembered this form of communication. 'Get closer to Damon. Physical contact will help because Sapa is not here to accept the information.' 
Just how they exchanged memories on the night when Damon and Talia marked each other, Talia scooted higher on Damon's body, and Damon didn't resist when Talia pressed her forehead against his. 
"Relax and let me in, Damon.", Talia said. 
Damon saw images flashing in his mind. 
Axel and Cassandra walking with Talia through the sparse forest… silhouettes of women dancing in front of a bonfire… Evanora, Cornelia, the deal that Axel made in Talia's place… the moment when Axel and Yasmin touched for the first time in Evanora's office… Talia learning spells… Talia working in the kitchen… The celebration with witches… Axel and Yasmin in the fountain, holding each other and glowing… The witches following them back to the portal… The potion that was mixed in his food so that he remembers Talia. 
Talia thought that was enough and she wanted to move away, but Liseli didn't let her. 
And then Damon saw the scene in the cave when he pushed Talia away, and he felt her anguish when he left and the pain that went beyond her broken tailbone… and then he saw Axel hugging Talia and comforting her and telling her that he will help her get Damon back… and everyone gathered in the guest bedroom around Talia while planning to keep Marcy away from Damon… and Talia watching on the screen Damon having dinner and Marcy sitting in Talia's place and holding Damon's wrist. 
Talia yanked her head away from Damon's. 
'Why are you showing him this?', Talia asked Liseli. 
'Because he needs to know. You can't show him only pretty things and hope that he will understand what you went through.' 
Talia could feel Liseli's sadness. Sapa was not there. 
'We will get Sapa back, Liseli. In two days.' 
'Only if Damon understands how much we suffered to reach this point and how much is at stake!', Liseli said angrily. 
Talia understood Liseli's anger. She reunited with Sapa only for Sapa to be taken away again, but Talia thought that making Damon feel worse than he already was, won't achieve anything. 
"Damon?", Talia called when she saw that his eyes were closed firmly. 
Damon wrapped Talia in a tight embrace and pushed her head into the crook of his neck, so that she can't see his face, but his whole body shook, and she knew he was crying. 
"You went through so much without me, because of me, and I would do anything to take it back, only if I could.", he said in a broken whisper. "I don't deserve you." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 503 The pretty and the ugly side (2)
Chapter 503 The pretty and the ugly side (2)
At the thought of Axel comforting Talia, Damon was torn that someone else supported his mate, because of the stupid thing he did. 
Sure, at that time Damon didn't recognize Talia as his mate, but the emptiness he felt when they were apart should have made him stop and think about what was happening. Only Talia could fill the gap in his chest that was shaped so that she can fit in there perfectly, and if he was not a stubborn mule, he would realize that regardless of the mate bond. 
Damon held Talia tightly as turbulent emotions shifted and changed, the happiness of their reunion and her holding him mixed with grief and sadness that cracked his soul because he was a complete asshole. Can he ever fix all the wrongs he did to her? 
The mental image of Axel and Yasmin celebrating their union with magic and witches was a painful reminder that he never acknowledged Talia in front of his people. 
Talia got to see how mates react when they recognize each other for the first time, and every time Talia was genuinely happy for her friends even though Damon never gave her such an experience. Actually, he sullied it because he was with Marcy at that time. 
Damon cringed. When Talia saw him for the first time, Marcy was sucking him off, and then Talia faced Cassie, and many other women he shagged without bothering to remember them with the last one being Nora, yet even with all that dirt, Talia accepted him. This same evening Talia saw him close to Marcy, and she was still holding onto him. 
Talia was such a beautiful soul and the only thing he did was hurt her over and over again. 
Talia was recognized as the MVP of the tournament, others knew her as his assistant, but only a handful of people were aware of how important Talia really was. And she endured all the scornful looks and gossips, and even fought for him. He wondered if he deserved such a wonderful mate. 
Damon's turbulent emotions crashed on Talia, breaking the dam that held her together, and Talia hugged him tightly while dissolving into sobs herself. 
Talia was happy that Damon was back, she really was, but for days she was ignoring her grief, finding ways to push through her insecurities and keep going, and now it all swelled into an unstoppable tsunami that threatened to swallow her whole. 
Damon prayed that she stops crying because it was killing him from the inside, but he knew that she needed to let it out. 
He kissed Talia's hair and patted her back gently while waiting for her to cry it out. 
Eventually, her sobs subsided, and he said, "I'm sorry that I hurt you so much." 
"Don't think that way.", Talia responded through sniffles. "This was not your fault." 
"But it is my fault.", he said. "If I was stronger, I wouldn't be influenced by some mumbo-jumbo." 
Talia smiled a little. "But you are strong, Damon. You are my strength. Whenever I doubted if I can go on, I was thinking about you. You are my mate, my other half. We are meant to be together." 
He wanted to say how he feels the same, but he couldn't because instead of remembering what was important, he was wandering aimlessly like a headless fly and who knew where he would end up if Talia didn't show up to rescue him. 
Considering his history, it was only a matter of time before he messes up again. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"How long will the potion work?", he asked, fearing that he will forget about her. 
"I'm not sure.", Talia responded honestly. "Six to twelve hours, but it could be less or more." 
They tested the potion on Cassandra, but Damon was much stronger than the Oracle, and that could mean that he will resist the dark magic, or maybe he resists the potion. I could go either way. And there was also the variable of Talia using her power to dispel the dark mist that seeped out of Damon's body. With any luck, he won't need more potion in the next two days, but Talia didn't dare to be so hopeful. 
"If you feel strange, let me know and I will give you another dose. In two days, on the night of a full moon, I can perform a ceremony that will dispel the dark magic completely." 
Damon didn't like this uncertainty. Was there nothing he could do other than wait and hope for the best? "I was stupid before we met, and this incident showed that I am still the same bonehead because I couldn't see that you are everything good in my life. Even if this thing wipes my memories completely, I need a foolproof way of reminding myself that you are my most important person." 
Talia smiled a little. She knew he meant it, but how will he accomplish that? 
Without letting go of Talia, Damon reached to the side table from where he got his backup phone. 
He powered it on and recorded himself with a short message, "Trust Talia and drink what she gives you. You took her to see your parents." 
Satisfied with this, Damon sent the video to Talia. "If I forget about you and I refuse to drink the potion, make me see this." 
"Will that be enough?" 
Damon kept the phone back and gave her a meaningful look. "You are the first woman I introduced to my parents. Even if I forget about you, I will know what it means that I took you there. If you tell me what you saw on that clearing, I will believe you." 
"Should I include the detail of you jumping into the waterfall?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "Include that you jumped after me, and what we did after that in the grass." 
Talia pursed her lips, knowing that he was set on teasing her, but she couldn't relax. She was unsettled at the possibility that Damon might forget about her without any warning. It was like they had an expiration date and things could crumble at any moment. 
Seeing that Talia's mood was worsening, Damon touched her chin to make her look up to him. 
"Trust in yourself, kitten. Trust in us. You have no idea how many times you pulled me from the darkness and showed me the way. I want us to announce you as my mate first thing in the morning. Like that, even if I forget things again, at least our people will know who you are." 
Talia disagreed. What was the point of others knowing if Damon would reject her? 
"James' plan makes sense, let's not ruin it and risk war. This is the last step, and in the morning we will talk to Marcy. Besides, it won't make any difference if others know that I'm your mate. The only thing I care about is that you know." 
"But…" 
"No buts.", Talia interrupted him. "I learned that we shouldn't dwell on the past, we can't change it. We shouldn't count that things will get better in the future because we don't know what's coming. The only thing we have is now, and I want to spend my now with you, Damon." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 504 Connected in body, soul, and mind (1)
Chapter 504 Connected in body, soul, and mind (1)
Damon looked at the little woman in his arms and smiled sadly while suppressing the pinch in the back of his throat. He won't cry, not now when she was looking at him. 
Damon was happy Talia was by his side, but the guilt was eating him alive. 
During their time apart, Damon felt the emptiness as his instincts screamed that something was wrong, yet he couldn't figure out what it was. He thought he was losing his mind, and somehow, he was confident it was her fault; why else would she confine him in that cave? He was such an idiot. 
It was just over a day for him, and so much longer for her. Damon couldn't imagine how Talia felt after he pushed her away and left without acknowledging her for who she was. His mate, his other half, someone to whom he belonged, yet he acted with hostility. 
If Talia left him like that, he would… he was not sure what he would do. But here was Talia holding him and trying to conceal any negativity so that he feels better. When did the tables turn, and she started shielding him? And it's not just from enemies, but from his own stupidity as well. 
Talia could feel Damon's emotions and she knew that he was blaming himself, even though most of it was her fault. 
"I am blaming myself, and you think you were lacking.", Talia said. "We won't get anywhere if we continue like this." 
Damon was aware that her words made sense. How was it possible that even with all this mess she kept her cool and knew what to do without crumbling? Damon looked into her eyes attentively. "You are stronger." 
Talia was not sure if he said that because of her words, or maybe he sensed that she is the Alpha of a pack now, or maybe… "Of course, I am. You marked me." 
He looked at her neck. "Did I?" 
Talia's lips lifted into a smile. "And I marked you as well. You are mine and I am yours and we don't need visible marks to prove it. Liseli told me that our souls are entangled, and our bond goes deeper than the skin, just like our marks." 
Damon liked the part about their bond being deep, but… "I was still hoping to see a mark." He would look at it every day to confirm that this wonderful woman was his mate, and he would make her wear low-collared garments so that everyone else can see it also. 
Talia pressed her palm against his chest. "Do you feel this? Do you feel the connection between us, Damon?" 
He put his hand to cover hers. "I do." It went beyond the mate bond, and that was the problem. Every cell in his body was telling him that being with Talia was right, yet he still chose to leave. If he could go back in time, to that cave, he would give himself a good beating. 
"This connection is a confirmation that we are meant to be together, Damon. No matter what happens, and no matter how far apart we are, we will find our way back to each other.", Talia said. Seeing that Damon's expression was not good, she thought of reminding him, "Do you remember the amusement park, when I walked away, and you found me with three guys who were bothering me?" 
Damon's brows came together while wondering where she was going with that, and he gave her a small nod. 
"And do you remember when I fell asleep in the forest, and you found me even though it was the middle of the night?" 
Damon nodded again. 
"And at the Summer Solstice festival…" 
"In front of the clocktower." Damon finished her thought. 
Talia smiled. "Yes. And next to the lake when I was drinking beer with Keith. You could feel the bond, and I couldn't. But I was glad that you came for me because no matter the circumstances, with you by my side, I was happy. You found me so many times, and this was my turn to find you." 
Somehow, this made him feel a bit better. "Thank you for finding me, kitten." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia looked at Damon and she really wanted to kiss him, but they needed to address a few more things. 
"Sapa is still sealed. On the night of the full moon, I will need you to go to a designated spot so I can perform a ritual that the witches taught me.", Talia said. "Once the spot is prepared, the ritual shouldn't take more than a few minutes, so we can do it during the pack run without people noticing. We might need a small diversion..." 
Damon's ears perked up when he realized how that was the reason why the old creature was not responding. 
"Will the ritual help?", he asked. 
"It should. The witches analyzed the spell Cassandra used on you. It seems that she combined a few, so the effect of the counter-spell is uncertain, but the two black runes that affected you sealed your heart and your spiritual strength. The potion weakened one of them." 
Talia stopped talking when she felt that his anger was rising. 
"That Oracle, Alpha Isaac, and Alpha Sophia will pay for this.", Damon squeezed through his teeth. 
"Damon?", Talia called. "I need you to focus. We have two days until the pack run and a lot to do. Axel has the Midnight Guardians pack under control, so let's not worry about them for now. We should deal with Alpha Edward and dispel the dark magic. I want Marcy off her delusional throne. Until the spell is broken completely, I need you to pay attention to your condition, so it doesn't deteriorate. You are not alone in this as I can feel the bond, and I will sense if it's closing up again. We will get Sapa back. If the spell in two days doesn't work, we will go back to the realm of witches and try something else. After your condition is stable, we can look at other matters." 
Damon's jaw tightened. He knew that she was right, but he felt wronged. Those wretched Alphas wanted to cripple him, and that hurt Talia and endangered his whole pack. How can he live with those grievances? Damon had an urge to punish the culprits as soon as possible, and breaking some bones would definitely calm some of his anger. 
Damon's eyebrows shot up when he felt soft lips covering his and igniting a flurry of electric sparks all over his body. It was much stronger than ever before, and he realized that he didn't get a chance to analyze their bond since their marking. 
"I missed you, Damon…", Talia said, and then she kissed him again. "Please, until morning, let us be just the two of us." 
Damon's insides shook when Talia's longing swelled within him. She really missed him, and she needed more than hugs. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 505 Connected in body, soul, and mind (2)
Chapter 505 Connected in body, soul, and mind (2)
Damon's hand disappeared into Talia's hair and his fingers grazed her scalp as he grabbed a fistful of her copper-colored locks, and he held her head in place when he deepened the kiss, kissing her like he was starving for her. 
Talia whimpered under Damon's invasion that filled her system with his flavors and her hands swiftly disappeared under his t-shirt, eager to feel the landscape of his back and to pull him closer, much closer than they were at that moment. 
Talia's touch seeped under his skin, relaxing the tension that was etched deep into his bones, and he held onto her tightly, like she was his lifeline because she was. 
Slowly, very slowly, they undressed each other, their kisses unbreakable, and by the time the last garments touched the floor, they were both breathing heavily. 
His tongue glided at the base of her neck, where his invisible mark was, and a shaky breath escaped her lips. 
"Do it again…", she asked, and he obeyed. 
Talia gripped Damon's shoulders tightly as her whole body shook in the rhythm of his tongue on her neck, igniting the arousal that muddled her mind. Talia thought that she might have an orgasm just by him licking and kissing her there, and she wondered if his neck will be so sensitive as well. 
"Ahh…", it was his turn to exhale audibly when Talia kissed the spot where she marked him and she smiled against his skin, happy that she could affect him in such a way. But even more touching was that this strong Alpha was baring his neck for her, exposing his weak spot in a show of trust. 
Talia licked the base of Damon's neck, where her invisible mark was on him, and she enjoyed the way his body shook as he gripped the bedsheet under her. 
"Kitten… kitten…", his hot breath caressed her ear as he was grinding at the cradle of her thighs, spreading her juices over his hot and hard shaft, and she knew very well how turned on he was because his arousal amplified hers. 
"Don't hold back, Damon…", she said breathily, and then her lips latched to suck on his neck. 
Talia's head fell backward into the pillows when he entered her in one powerful jab that made both of them see stars. 
She could feel his palm sliding over hers until they aligned, and then their fingers interlaced. 
"Hold onto me, kitten. Don't let go." 
Talia found his eyes full of emotions staring at her and she knew that he was talking about much more than just holding his hand. 
"I will never let go.", Talia said, and her fingers tightened around his. 
Talia's lips parted in a silent gasp when his hips moved, the friction creating sparks that reminded them of their bond and that they belong to each other. 
"Damon… Damon…", Talia chanted with his every thrust as he kissed her jaw and neck, with a lot of tongue and just a bit of teeth, and she tilted her head to give him better access to the spot where he marked her so that he can kiss and lick her more because that spot right there made her body come alive. 
His aura enveloped her completely like a cocoon of safety where she could be herself to laugh, cry, and anything in-between without any judgment, and Talia allowed herself to be lost in passion for the man who made her experience the most intense highs in her life. 
Talia could feel the way Damon worshiped her and marveled the sensation of them merging into one, the emotions so strong that it made her want to cry. Knowing that this exquisite specimen loved her so much acted like the most potent aphrodisiac ever, and it allowed her to release all her inhibitions, confident that he won't judge her. 
The intensity of sparks caught Damon by surprise. Intimacy with Talia was always the best he ever experienced, but this was on a totally different level. It was like their bodies and their souls were merging into one in an intimate act that went beyond the pleasures of the flesh. There was a sense of familiarity and belonging, like coming home after a long and arduous journey. Talia was his home. 
Damon found himself lapping at her neck, and his fangs were out on their own. It didn't make sense, since he marked Talia already, but his mind was clouded with lust and the addictive sparks, and he didn't want to think about anything other than the feeling of Talia's hot pussy wrapping his cock tightly, always in a perfect grip that made him crave for more. 
Talia's sultry sounds told him she was close, and he was close as well. 
He gripped her waist and changed his angle slightly before picking up the pace, ready to push her over the edge and follow right after, when piercing pain invaded his neck. 
What the hell!? Did she bite him? 
But this was not just any bite. It was bone-deep, and he could feel the heat spreading from there through his body. 
Damn! She marked him again! 
Just as he finished this thought, the pressure in his groin area increased as Talia's insides tightened around his shaft, and his head dipped to sink his fangs into her flesh while he shot his hot seed deep inside her. 
Damon groaned as his body and mind were enveloped in pure ecstasy, and he struggled to rock into Talia a few more times in order to prolog their euphoria. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon twitched as Talia's tongue moved over the skin of his neck. 
"Mmm…", Talia hummed. 'I love you, Damon. You are mine.' 
Damon chuckled, enjoying the possessive tone she used. And he was elated that he didn't pass out this time even though the new energy still simmered inside him, making him stronger in ways he was yet to discover. 
Damon licked the spot where he bit her to help her heal, and it took him a few moments to realize that he heard Talia's words while her lips were busy tending to his neck. She didn't talk, yet he heard her, and the sensation was familiar because he experienced it many times before. 
He lifted his head to look into her adorably flushed face and unfocused eyes, just in time to see her tongue darting to moisten her lips. 
Damon smiled and spoke straight into her mind, 'I love you more, kitten.' 
Talia's eyes widened. 'How is this possible?' 
Damon's smile widened. 'I think we have our private mind-link, kitten. It's the mate bond.' 
She stared at him stupidly. 'Can you hear all my thoughts?' 
No. Her expression was changing, and he knew she was thinking about stuff, but he could hear only thoughts directed at him. However, the mischievous part of him didn't want to reveal this limitation. 
'Would that be a problem?', Damon asked. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 506 Connected in body, soul, and mind (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 506 Connected in body, soul, and mind (3) [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, SilaMelei, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 12, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
"Teach me to block stuff.", Talia demanded and when he cocked an eyebrow at her, Talia quickly explained, "I have the mind-link with the Midnight Guardians pack, and Liseli is helping me keep it closed. I would like to use it, but I don't want to share thoughts that are not for sharing, so I need you to teach me." 
"Midnight Guardians…", Damon grumbled. "Forget about them. Once we do the ceremony of you becoming Luna of our pack, your bond with that wretched pack will be broken, and you will get the mind-link with the members of the Dark Howlers pack." 
Talia wanted to say it was not that simple. As much as she was not interested in leading a pack, the Midnight Guardians pack members were like her children now and she felt responsible for them. But on the other side, there was Damon. Will she need to choose? 
Talia heard stories about how pack members can pledge loyalty to only one Alpha or Alpha-Luna pair, but in the case of a pair, the hierarchy of Alpha being at the top was firm. 
Can one Alpha have mind-links with more than one pack? 
But this was not the time for discussing mind-links and packs. They were naked, his cock was inside her, and he could hear her thoughts! Or could he? The fact that Damon didn't react when Talia thought of herself as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, told her that Damon can't hear everything that was on her mind, and she realized that the Devil was teasing her again! She decided to feign ignorance, in order to determine the truth. 
"That's not the point.", Talia said. "Even within our pack, I need to learn how to keep some things private. Or do you want everyone to know my dirty thoughts? And what if I expose something that's top-secret?" 
Damon had to agree with this one. It would be inconvenient. He wanted to keep this for later, but her discomfort was tangible, so he explained, "The most important is the intent to communicate. For Alphas, we receive thoughts from the ones who submit to us, so you will need to learn to block the noise. However, your thoughts won't go to the ones who are weaker than you are, unless you want it to happen. The weaker ones can learn to shield their minds, but that has limited usability as nothing can prevent a more powerful pack member to hear their thoughts. We don't do it normally because it's an invasion of privacy, but more than once I ended up overhearing other people's mind-link conversations accidentally. It happens." 
Talia wanted to make sure, "So, others can't hear my thoughts unless I want it to happen." 
"Correct." 
Talia thought how that was handy. Why didn't Axel tell her this simple lesson? But then… maybe this was valid for Damon because Damon was much stronger than Axel. 
Talia smiled at Damon foolishly. Her mate is the strongest Alpha! Talia wondered how she stacks against Damon. 
"What about us?" 
'Can you hear this?', Damon's voice sounded in her mind, and Talia nodded. 
A second later, he asked with a normal voice, "How about that?" 
Talia shook her head. "There was nothing." 
Damon smirked in satisfaction. "You can hear my thoughts only if I want to share." A moment later, he admitted the second part, "And it's the same for me from you." 
Pride swelled within Talia. "Doesn't that mean we are equals?" 
Damon hummed in confirmation. "Equals." He liked that. 
Damon's eyes widened in shock when graphic images of Damon pounding himself inside Talia from behind flashed in his mind. What was that? 
Talia smiled and Damon heard her smug voice in his head, 'It seems I can share more than just voice. Images work as well.' Talia remembered how Liseli shared information previously and thought of giving it a try. 
Damon gaped at her. 'Was that you?' Was she telling him how she wants him to take her? Damn! That was hot! This mind connection will definitely come in handy! 
Talia's arms snaked around his neck, and she pulled herself higher to speak against his lips, "Make love to me, Damon. We have until morning…" 
Damon closed the fraction between them and kissed her fervently, eager to fulfill her every need and want, especially if it involved more sex. 
- - - 
While Talia and Damon were indulging in carnal pleasures… 
James, Petra, Erik, and Zack returned after their night out in Darkbourne. They didn't go inside the packhouse but made a circle around it and went to the garden. 
James was having the time of his life. 
After a day full of fun and games, they had dinner in a restaurant. James could order whatever he wanted, it was noisy, he drank beer while getting the sauce from roasted ribs everywhere, and there was no one to tell him that the future Alpha should mind his image. 
Whenever he attended events with Alpha Edward, James needed to follow his father obediently and use his stoic expression to project an image of a firm and dependable Alpha. Alcohol was prohibited for James, but everyone he knew drank as werewolves don't care about the legal age for drinking that applies to humans. 
Well, his father was not present to control him now, and James knew that it was a matter of days before he needed to return to his exhausting routine, so he wanted to make the most of the time he had left here. He thought of this as his early birthday present. 
After getting their fill of delicious food, James, Petra, Erik, and Zack headed toward the lake where on the clearing was a bonfire and a lot of teens gathered. Someone brought a guitar and there was music and dancing and James joined them for skinny dipping in the lake. There was plenty of beer to complete the experience of an evening to remember, and even though James was not much of a dancer, he didn't refuse when some girls invited him to join. 
Zack told James how that was normal for an evening during summer, but James never experienced anything like that. 
For James, this whole visit to the Dark Howlers pack was like a vacation, the best one ever, and that was why he didn't when they went around the packhouse, thinking that his friends have another pleasant surprise for him. Why else would they go to the darkest part of the garden? 
Well, James was surprised, or more like shocked when Petra pushed him behind her, and Zack and Erik stood on Petra's left and right. 
"Come out. No need to sneak around.", Zack said sternly into the darkness. 
James' eyes widened when the bush moved a bit and a dark figure showed herself. 
"I am not sneaking.", a female voice responded. 
Petra snorted. "Yeah, right. Why are you following us?" 
A set of pearly white teeth was revealed when the female smiled and then she stepped closer, and they could all see a slender woman with chocolate-colored skin wearing a dark-gray t-shirt and shorts. Cornelia.
###Chapter 507 Mates? (1)
Chapter 507 Mates? (1)
James was embarrassed at the fact that Petra, Zack, and Erik noticed they were being followed, yet he didn't. No matter how buzzed he was from beer, and how much fun he had, as the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack, he should catch onto these things before others. 
James cursed internally. Things like these will make him look incompetent. If his father gets a wind of this, James will get punished and probably his training regime will increase. 
The situation became worse when James realized that the woman didn't have a wolf, which meant that his three friends were protecting him from a human. This was definitely a new low from him. 
He should be the one standing in front of whatever was coming and confidently telling the intruder to scram or face the consequences, but when his eyes met Cornelia's, James found himself dumbstruck. He never saw a woman more beautiful in his life, and the way his wolf stirred told James that they agreed on this point. 
Was she here for him? It seemed like it. Why else would she crane her neck to look at him through the visual obstruction that Petra, Zack, and Erik provided? 
Cornelia went to explore the town. Considering her experience with Mindy tackling her, Cornelia decided to stick to the shadows and observe people and surroundings. 
The group of four teens got Cornelia's attention as she felt a silent pull she couldn't recognize, so she followed them for most of the evening while trying to figure out what it was. 
It's not that no one noticed Cornelia, there were patrols mixed in with regular folks, but without her wolf, they assumed Cornelia is human, hence harmless. Warriors guarding the packhouse knew she was staying there as Gideon's cousin, so no one blocked her way. 
"Answer me! Why are you following us!?", Petra demanded, and her shoulders tightened as she lowered her body and her arms spread, ready to attack at any moment. 
Cornelia glanced at three teens who were on high alert, and she didn't want to waste words on them. With a wave of her finger, a streak of silvery light appeared out of thin air and split into three, shooting at Petra, Zack, and Erik who were too surprised to react to this development. They never saw anything like it, and by the time they recovered, neither of them could move a muscle. 
'What the hell?', Zack cursed into the mind-link for Petra and Erik to hear. 
'I can't move!', Petra exclaimed in panic. 'Should we alert the guards?' 
'Wait.', Erik said. 'She doesn't appear hostile.' 
'You call this NOT hostile?', Petra hissed. 
'We are not harmed. Only incapacitated.', Erik said flatly. 
'What will we do if James is harmed?', Petra asked. 'It's our mission to protect him!' 
By this time, Zack calmed down enough to analyze the situation. 'If she wanted to harm us, we would be gone before we knew what hit us. I don't like this, but let's think about the consequences. Our only option is to call guards, which would count as a mission failed. Stay alert. Don't rush into things. If she did this on the driveway to the packhouse, we would be gone without knowing what hit us.' 
Petra and Erik agreed with this. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Can I talk to you?", Cornelia asked James. 
"Me?", he asked with surprise evident in his voice. Why would this mysterious beauty want to talk to him? 
"Will you hide behind your girlfriend?" 
James cleared his throat. "Petra is not my girlfriend. We are just friends." 
"Just friends.", Cornelia repeated. "Good." 
James firmed his resolve and walked between Petra and Erik to stand in front of them, wondering why neither of them moved. Petra's back was blocking his view and he didn't see the silvery light display. 
"What is your name?", Cornelia asked. 
"James. Why are you looking for me?" 
James dismissed the idea of Cornelia being hostile due to the fact that they were in the middle of the Dark Howlers pack. Who would dare to attack him openly? His next guess was that she was interested in him because of his identity. It wouldn't be the first time for a girl (or a woman) to come onto him. After all, he is the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack. 
But she asked for his name, and James wondered if she really didn't know who he was or maybe she was just a good actress, good enough to trick the observation skills that he polished to the extreme. 
Cornelia looked at James and her smile faded. "Can't you feel it?" 
"Feel what?" 
"Aren't you a werewolf?", she asked her next question. 
"Yes. So?" 
Her eyes moved over his face as if searching for something, and then she released a breath of disappointment. 
"Nothing.", Cornelia said and lifted her hand, her index finger rotated in the air, and Petra, Erik, and Zack were able to move now. "I apologize for disturbing you. It seems I made a mistake." 
The sadness in her voice cut James' heart in half and when she turned to leave, he was quick to grab her wrist. 
"Wait!", James exclaimed. "What should I feel?" 
Cornelia stared at the point where he was holding her, his hand warm and firm, big enough to circle her wrist completely. 
She twisted her hand, to get out of James' grasp. "Nothing. It's not important." 
"But it is!" He knew it was. James moved to stand in front of Cornelia and block her way. "Tell me." 
Cornelia thought that there was no harm in asking, "Doesn't your kind feel when you meet your soulmate?" 
James' eyes widened. "Mate? Yes, we can feel it." He swallowed hard when he realized an impossible possibility. "Are you saying you are my mate?" 
Cornelia shook her head. "Obviously not. Otherwise, you would feel the pull, and there would be no need to ask." 
Cornelia was confused. She felt something and while following them, she identified that it was not Petra, nor Zack, not Erik, which left James. And now that he stood in front of her, the energy was clearly there, but maybe it was something else. 
She thought that maybe all those clothes were interfering with her senses, so she swiftly removed her t-shirt. 
James' eyes widened in shock. No bra! 
He couldn't believe that just this sight made his pants tighten in the groin area! Sure, he was a healthy (almost) sixteen years-old boy, but he saw plenty of flesh in his life and this shouldn't affect him so much. However, her breasts were round with perky peaks, and he balled his hands into fists to prevent himself from groping her. When did he turn into a lecher? 
James stared at Cornelia's perfectly round breasts for a second longer than appropriate before he was able to force his gaze to meet Cornelia's. 
"What about now?", she asked. 
"It doesn't work that way.", James squeaked and cursed internally at his voice that betrayed how aroused he was. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 508 Mates? (2)
Chapter 508 Mates? (2)
James cleared his throat before saying, "I can't feel my mate because… I am not of age yet." 
Cornelia looked at James from top to bottom. What did he mean by, not of age yet? "You seem fully grown." 
James puffed his chest proudly. Yes, he was tall and muscular for his age, but he still had years to grow and there was also the point… "We can feel it after our eighteenth birthday. Well, some can feel it earlier, but not two years earlier. I am just sixteen years old." He wished that he was older so that he can confirm if the beauty in front of him was his mate. Then he would whisk her away and have sex with her, forever. 
"Oh…", a sound of understanding escaped Cornelia's lips. "Well, then… James. I guess I will see you in two years." 
James' jaw fell open slack as he stared blankly at Cornelia's retreating back, and it was a beautiful back, just like the rest of her. 
James nearly fell when Petra nudged him. 
"Are you nuts? If she is your mate, you can't let her go.", Petra hissed. 
"But, I don't feel it.", James said. 
"Really? Are you saving yourself for your mate?", Erik asked, and James pressed his lips into a line. 
It was too late for James to save himself because he already experienced sex with more than one woman. But if he says that, his friends will probably see it as bragging, and not think how sick was for women to throw themselves at a thirteen years-old boy only because his father was an Alpha. Most of the females were in their late teens, but some were much older, and then there were a few girls his age. At first, it was just kissing and fondling, but in time things progressed and who would say no to a free meal? 
Eventually, James realized that those women didn't care about him at all, and some of them were coming onto him only because their family pressured them, and James got disgusted by the whole thing. He didn't want to become like his father, a lecherous man who disrespected his chosen mate by sleeping around, so James decided to focus on training and studying, and concealing the fact that he didn't have an Alpha aura. 
"Aren't you attracted to her?" It was Petra who asked, making James think about the beauty with chocolate-colored skin and those breasts that would perfectly fill his palms. 
James blushed a little. Was he that transparent? 
"It seems she thinks you are mates.", Erik said. "Will you be OK if she ends up with another man?" 
James' jaw tightened. What other man!? His insides jolted when he realized that he was possessive. This never happened before. "It doesn't make sense. She is not one of us. How can a human recognize a mate?" 
"First, she is hot. Second, she was into you. And third, she is not human.", Zack said. "Didn't you see that we didn't move? It was her doing. With a wave of a finger, like magic." 
"Is she a fairy?", James asked. 
"Whatever she is, it's not human.", Erik responded while scratching the back of his neck. "To be honest, I would give my left testicle for such a beauty to throw herself at me." 
Petra made a face at Erik. "Gross." And then she turned to James. "I am watching you for the last few days, so I have an impression that you are not easy to sway. We went skinny dipping tonight and you didn't even blink at any of the girls that were trying to seduce you, yet this one fully clothed made you flustered. And when she removed her top you gaped like you never saw a woman in your life." 
James touched his nose. "She is beautiful, but…" 
Petra rolled her eyes. "But, what? You are attracted to her, and it's obvious that it's mutual. Go after her. What's the worst that can happen? Just don't be hasty in marking her. Or are you thinking that you are too young? Recent studies show that humans in Iceland and Germany have sex for the first time at fifteen years old, and you are older than that. And not human." 
James frowned. Why did Petra know information related to the sexual habits of people from Iceland and Germany? But Petra was right. As much as James saw attractive females, none of them made his heart race or his wolf stir like the dark-skinned beauty that just left. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Cornelia held her shoes in one hand and her t-shirt in another, and she stood in the grass in front of the packhouse while looking up at the starry sky. 
This was her first evening in the human realm, and she wasted it on chasing ghosts. But it was not a complete waste. She saw people walking on the streets and eating in restaurants, and then she saw them dancing in front of the bonfire and going swimming after discarding their clothes. 
Now that she was on her own, Cornelia realized that her heart was heavy because she really missed her sisters at home. Maybe she should go back and forget about this exploring the other realms nonsense. 
Cornelia saw Yasmin with Axel happy and full of smiles, and she wanted that connection. She jumped on a chance of going with Talia and maybe finding her soulmate, but now she wondered if she was hasty. 
She recalled what she did since coming to the human realm. Cornelia met an interesting man tending to plants, but then she got tackled by a jealous she-wolf (aka Mindy), and since then she was mostly stuck in a room. She thought that going out in the evening to explore will help her embrace this new realm, but at the end of the day, she didn't belong here, and she was lonely. 
Cornelia decided to talk to Talia in the morning and see if she can return to the Midnight Guardians pack. With Yasmin there, she might feel better, and if that doesn't work, Cornelia will just go home. There were plenty of other witches eager to explore what was on the other side of the portal. 
Cornelia felt a prickling sensation on her bare back, like someone was touching her there, along her spine, and she whipped her head to see a person walking toward her. James. 
"Did you forget something?", she asked before he could get too close. 
She was not in the mood for a chit-chat. 
The desire to get closer to him was there again, and this time she didn't want it. She wanted to go home. 
James cleared his throat and thought how this conversation would be easier if she put that t-shirt back on instead of holding it in her hand, but at the same time, he didn't want her to cover up. 
Of course, Cornelia noticed that his eyes gravitated toward her breasts. She had no problems staying like that, but his behavior irked her. 
She folded her arms under her breasts, giving them a push up. "Hey! My eyes are up here." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 509 Mates? (3)
Chapter 509 Mates? (3)
James felt like an idiot. Did he stare at her breasts and got caught? Since when was he not able to control such a simple thing like where he was looking? It seemed that his years of watching his actions went down the drain in front of Cornelia, and the fact that his wolf was restless was not helping. 
"Did I offend you? I apologize.", James said. 
Cornelia approved of his docile behavior. "I am not offended. Why are you here?" She thought that their interaction ended in the garden. 
"You didn't tell me your name." 
"Cornelia." 
"Cornelia.", James repeated. "Can I call you Cora?" 
Cornelia blinked. No one ever gave her a nickname. Others used her full name, or 'sister' or 'priestess'. "Is my name so bad that you want to shorten it?" 
"I like Cornelia, but I think that nickname makes it more intimate. People who are close get to use nicknames." 
"And you think we are close?" 
"Two minutes ago, you said we are mates. It doesn't get closer than that." 
Cornelia thought how that made sense, but… "There is no point in clinging to what I said if you don't feel it." 
"But you can feel it, right? Can you tell me about it? How can you feel it when you don't have a wolf?" He was genuinely curious. 
To Cornelia, it was obvious that James was interested in her, but that was not what she wanted. Cornelia lived for centuries with her sisters from the Coven, and she was not looking for a casual companion. She was hoping for a soulmate, someone who will worship her, and she will do the same in return, someone who will look at her how Axel looked at Yasmin, and if this boy couldn't feel the bond, he could find other women or abandon her completely, and that would break her heart. How Cornelia saw this, it was better not to start anything. 
Cornelia grew up with teachings that a soulmate was not about sex and having babies, but it was about acceptance, care, protection, and making each other happy. Over the years, Cornelia imagined her soulmate as tall, short, slim, chubby, male, female, and on a few occasions, she even imagined a plant. But she never thought it would be someone too young to identify their bond. Sure, if James was human he wouldn't feel the bond anyway, but he was a werewolf, and as such he should know better than a witch when his other half was in front of him. 
With all that in mind, Cornelia decided not to answer his questions. 
"What's the point? No matter what I say, there is no way to prove it. Or will you believe a stranger who approached you with a story that you might be soulmates?" 
James agreed with this. If he neglected the attraction, there was definitely no reason to believe her, and he shouldn't throw caution out the window just because she was gorgeous. Dozens of females told him stories about how they were destined to be together, with promises that it will benefit them both if he picked them as his chosen mate, all in the hopes of being the next Luna of the Red Moon pack. 
What if Cornelia was just a woman who was after power and status? He shouldn't ignore that possibility. 
"So, now what?", James asked. 
"Now, nothing. You go your way, and I will go mine." 
Cornelia gave him a sad smile and moved around him to go to the packhouse. She didn't want to go back to the room that felt cramped no matter how big it was, but she didn't want to stay outside with James either. The pull was definitely there, but he couldn't feel it, and it gave her a feeling of rejection that was cracking her heart. 
James couldn't believe this. "Wait! You are leaving?" 
Cornelia stopped in her tracks and turned to face him. "Don't tell me you expected me to stay? If I understood you correctly, you won't know for at least two years if the person in front of you is your mate or not. If we are mates, and it's destined, we will meet again." 
Maybe this encounter was nature's way of telling Cornelia that she was not ready for a soulmate, or maybe that she won't ever find that ideal she was hoping for. After all, if James was her soulmate, she should accept him even if he was too young to feel the bond, but Cornelia was not willing to put herself out there if the other party won't do the same in return. Somehow, it didn't seem right. 
And just like that, Cornelia turned and left James behind to stand there and gape in disbelief. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"James!" 
A call from a female got his attention and James' insides tightened when he realized it was his sister. Why was Marcy here? Shouldn't she be confined in another house? What the hell happened while he was out? It was all fine during breakfast! 
Marcy walked toward James. "I saw you from the window." She gestured to the window on the second floor of the packhouse. "I thought you came here to train, not to chase women." 
James stuffed his hands into his pant pockets. He was surprised by Marcy's unexpected appearance, but he had no intention of showing it. 
"And I thought you came here to become Luna, and not to spy on me." 
Marcy blinked. "I was not spying. I couldn't sleep and I saw you accidentally." Marcy's lips lifted into a smile. "Who is she? Someone important? As the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, I can set you up." Marcy ended with a wink. 
"I don't need your help with women." 
"Did I see it wrongly, or did she leave you behind?", Marcy asked teasingly. "One would assume that your identity as the future Alpha would be enough to have women dying to get their hands on you, yet this one left. Topless, but she still left. Or was she not to your taste?" 
James fought against the rage that swelled inside him. Why was Marcy talking about Cornelia when she had no idea what actually happened? 
"Why are you here, Marcy?", James asked stiffly. "Shouldn't you be hiding in the other house?" He really wanted to know the answer to this question. 
"Alpha Damon said that the danger is over so there is no need for me to lay low." 
"He is back?" 
"Yes. And the first thing he did was to move me here, and then we had dinner and walk in the garden." Marcy didn't want to talk about how that walk ended. It was not important, but she had another question, "Did you know that Commander George found his mate?" 
"Yes. Dawn. What about it?" 
"Nothing.", Marcy said quickly. 
She hoped that the stiff answer from James meant he didn't know what happened between her and George. Considering how close James and George were, if James didn't know, no one else knew either. It will be George's word against Marcy's. The only thing George had on Marcy was that he took her v-card, but Marcy was confident that after she sleeps with Damon and cuts herself so that some blood ends on the bedsheets, the point of who took her virginity won't be important and she will be free from George blackmailing her. 
With that, Marcy decided to change the topic. "I'm excited about tomorrow." 
"What's tomorrow?" 
Marcy smiled widely. "Alpha Damon will announce to the world that I will be his Luna." 
James knew that was the plan. Tomorrow, they will drop the final bomb on Marcy where she will realize that she was manipulated and used as a decoy, but the fact that Marcy was in the packhouse rubbed James the wrong way. That was not part of his plan, and if this was different, who knows what else changed? There were too many variables, and he needed more information, but Marcy's head was in the clouds, and she obviously didn't know what really happened. 
"Since the big announcement will happen tomorrow, I suggest you get good rest. The news about the Dark Howlers pack getting their Luna will go viral. People will want to know more about you. The WW Magazine will definitely request an interview and a lot of photos. You shouldn't allow people to see you with dark circles under your eyes." 
Marcy lifted her hands to touch her cheeks like she was checking if she had something there. "You are right. I will go and get some beauty sleep. See you at breakfast!", Marcy ended in a singing voice and skipped into the packhouse. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 510 Together as one (1)
Chapter 510 Together as one (1)
The first sunrays of the day peeked over the mountains in the distance, creating a beautiful scenery outside, but Damon's full focus was on the little woman who was sleeping in his arms. 
Talia didn't want to sleep, but after their third lovemaking session, her eyes closed, and she succumbed to the exhaustion that accumulated over the last few days, with her arms wrapped around his body tightly. 
Damon was tired as hell, but he feared that if he falls asleep, the dark magic might stir when he was unaware, and he will forget about Talia again. He didn't want that to happen. Forgetting Talia was forgetting who he was, and before yesterday, Damon didn't understand how much she changed him. 
From the moment he identified Talia as his mate, Damon's world flipped upside down, and he didn't want to go back to that empty existence that he tried to fill with training, work, and random women, only to be empty again at the start of the next day. The only way for him to feel at peace was with Talia by his side, and he didn't want to lose this. 
'Damon?', Caden's voice sounded in his head. 
'Yes?' 
'Sorry if I woke you up…' 
'I'm awake.', Damon interrupted Caden. 'Tel me.' 
'Are you yourself?' 
Damon made a face. He didn't like that Caden was questioning him, but then… he had a reason to do so. 'Yes. I know who I am and who Talia is, but I might forget about you if you don't get to the point of why you are disturbing me this early.' 
'It's Marcy. What should we do with her?' 
Damon didn't want to deal with Marcy, and he hoped that this was the last day of Marcy in their lives. 'Nothing changes. We will proceed per James' plan. Ask Marcy to contact her father before breakfast with the latest updates from her side. If she asks what's the rush, tell her that we have a lot of things planned for today. Talk to her with respect, like she might be your Luna; that will get her excited. When she joins us for breakfast, we will tell her the truth.' 
'Alright.', Caden responded with relief obvious in his voice. 'Anything else?' 
'No. Don't bother me until breakfast.', Damon grumbled and closed off the mind-link. 
With that, Damon's attention was back to Talia. 
She was so fragile, yet so strong, beautiful in every way possible. 
Damon's neck was stinging because his feisty kitten marked him again! He never heard about mates marking each other more than once, but then… he never heard about mates who have ancient spirits for their wolves that were separated by the Moon Goddess herself. 
Everything about Talia was out of the ordinary, and Damon enjoyed every minute of it. As long as she was by his side, Damon's world was a happy place. 
Damon smiled dreamily at the memory of him marking Talia for the second time in the throes of passion. He didn't think of doing it, but something inside him stirred and urged him to do it again, and he did. 
Damon tilted his head in an attempt to see Talia's sleepy expression and his eyes lit up at the sight of redness on Talia's neck. It was not big, and it was barely visible, but he hoped it will not heal and stay there forever because that right there was where he marked her last night! 
"Mmm…", Talia mumbled unintelligibly and tightened her arms around Damon. 
Damon was quick to press his lips to the top of Talia's head. "Shh… sleep, kitten. It's still early. I'm here, watching over you." 
Talia smiled before her eyes opened to meet Damon's icy-blue orbs that were full of emotions and definitely not icy. 
"Good morning, my love.", Talia said dreamily. 
Damon stared at her, unaware that he was holding his breath. Talia rarely called him anything other than his name, and this time she called him her love, and he wanted to remember this moment. 
Talia put her hand on his cheek. His emotions told her he was fine, and that their bond was stronger than ever, but his frozen expression didn't seem right and considering that on the previous day he didn't know who she was, she was worried. "Are you OK?" 
Damon smiled at her foolishly. "Never better." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon's arms tightened around Talia, and he curled to envelop her body with his while burying his face in the crook of her neck. "I want us to stay like this forever.", he mumbled. 
Talia giggled with relief when she confirmed his clinginess as a sign that her Damon was right there, holding her against him like he will never let go. 
"Just like this?", Talia asked and shifted a bit so that their bodies fit better against each other. 
"Mhm…", Damon hummed in approval. 
"Oh, I thought you would prefer something like this…", Talia said playfully and then graphic images of her and Damon flashed in his mind. 
Damon chuckled lowly. "That will work as well, Mrs. Blake." 
Talia lifted her head to look at him. "You know, when you called me Mrs. Blake the first time, I didn't get it. And then I thought you were teasing me." 
"And now?" 
"Now even if you don't mean it, I have no intention of letting you go. You are mine." 
Her possessiveness turned him on. Did she know how sexy she was when her eyes flashed with determination? And she was determined to keep him for herself. That was the most potent aphrodisiac ever! 
"I am yours. I always was.", Damon said with all the seriousness in the world while pushing a lock of hair behind her ear. "Even when I was not aware of your existence, I was searching for you…", Damon's voice trailed when he realized that Talia was glowing. 
And it was not only Talia, he was glowing as well. 
Damon lifted his hand to observe as it was enveloped in silvery light. 
"What is this?", he asked breathily. 
Talia slid her hand into Damon's, and the glow started pulsating in the rhythm of their matching heartbeats. 
"This is what happens when we are together as one.", Talia said. "It's a manifestation of our strength and powers. I assume you still need to figure out what powers you got after I marked you, and there is a chance it won't happen until we dispel the dark magic, and you get Sapa back. However, I can tell you that since our marking, my strength and speed increased. I might be able to take you on." 
Damon smiled mischievously. "We should spar so you can prove it." 
Talia's cheeks heated. She knew very well that their sparring sessions had a tendency of turning hot and steamy. She was nearly out of exercising clothes because Damon would rip them into shreds and the fact that he was projecting into her mind images of Talia on all four on top of the exercising mat with Damon behind her was making her heart race. Damn! That was hot! 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 511 Together as one (2) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 511 Together as one (2) [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, Peaches1, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 14, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Talia and Damon enjoyed their current intimacy. They were lying side by side on the bed, naked, and gazing into each other's eyes. It was cheeky and comforting and the silvery glow around them made the moment much more special as proof that their bond reached the next level. 
They relished the present while silently exchanging emotions and it was the best thing ever. However, Talia was aware that there were many things she needed to tell him, so she decided to start with one. 
"There is a prophecy in the Midnight Guardians pack that speaks about a child blessed by the Moon Goddess who will bring calamity. Axel and his parents believe that's me." 
Damon's brows came together in a frown. Talia didn't tell him anything about what happened at the Midnight Guardians pack, or with Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia. The only thing he knew was that two Alphas lost their positions and that Axel was now in charge of that pack. But one thing bothered him more than that Alpha family. 
"Calamity? You?", Damon asked while shaking his head. How could the kindest person he ever met be the bringer of bad things? "I will show them calamity when I get my hands on all the people who dared to harm you and get between us." 
Talia was touched by Damon's words. There was no questioning, no doubts, no fear, only acceptance. 
"Aren't you worried that my abilities might get out of control?" 
"No.", Damon said right away. "The only thing that worries me is that one day you will realize I am unworthy of you, and you will leave me." 
"That won't happen, silly.", Talia said and poked his chest with her index finger in fake anger. "I didn't leave you when I didn't know we were mates. How could I leave you now when I know that you are mine?" 
Damon pursed his lips. "True. You shouldn't abandon me. I will be lost without you." 
Talia looked at the Alpha who melted her into an emotional mush with a few words. But a second later his mood worsened. 
"What's wrong?", Talia asked. 
"I want you to tell me who gave you hard time or looked down at you. They can't be left alone." 
"You know I can take care of myself, right?" 
"I do. But I hope you will allow me to take care of you. I am your mate and making sure you are safe and happy is my right and duty.", Damon said earnestly before asking, "Will you allow me to do it?" 
"Only if I can take care of you in return." 
Damon's lips lifted into a smile. "I will be counting on that, Mrs. Blake. I want to announce to the whole world that the Dark Howlers pack will be led by two Alphas, as equals." 
Talia's heart soared. She thought that being Damon's Luna was an honor, yet here was Damon, wanting to place her on a pedestal as his equal, and change the structure of his pack that was there since its founding by Damon's ancestors. Can he be any sweeter? But there was one technicality... "Let's leave that announcement for after the dark magic is dispelled. Our pack should know about it first, and then the rest of the world." 
'Our pack', words echoed in Damon's mind. "I think that I saved a planet in my last life to deserve such an amazing mate." 
"And you probably destroyed a few while saving that one because you have Marcy and so many others clinging onto you.", Talia said without missing a beat. 
Damon was not discouraged, not now when he had a plan to take care of Marcy. And when the world finds out that Talia was not only his fated mate but also his equal, other women will be nuts if they still feed their delusions of being worthy of him. No one was better than Talia. 
Damon nuzzled Talia's nose with his. "There can be millions of them dreaming about me, but those will stay dreams because I have eyes only for one woman." 
"Mine.", Talia said. 
"Mhm…", Damon hummed in agreement. "Yours, kitten. And you are mine." 
He touched her neck with his index finger and Talia's eyelids became heavy. He loved her reaction. 
"My mark is showing.", Damon said with pride, and Talia's eyes snapped open. 
"What?" 
"It's faint, but it's there." 
Talia scooted higher to check his neck and she smiled a little. 
"Is there something?", Damon asked and a moment later an image flashed in his mind, showing his neck with an irregular light pattern on the skin that looked like an old scar, but Damon knew that he never had scars there. Talia's mark was forming there. 
"Show me mine.", Talia demanded and a second later she frowned. "It's a hickey." 
Damon narrowed his eyes in protest. "What do you mean, a hickey? Don't you see the lines? Normally it takes a few days for a mark to take shape." 
"If you say so.", Talia responded and moved closer to plant small kisses at the base of his neck. She didn't really think about Damon wearing her mark, but now that it was there, she was happy and eager to see how it will look when it was done forming. 
Damon shivered at her butterfly-light kisses on his skin. It aroused him almost as much as Talia's naked body sticking to his. His eyes widened when he felt her teeth there. 
"What are you doing?", Damon rasped. 
"If I bite you again, I might speed up the process. I want everyone to know you are mine.", Talia said cheekily. 
A hearty laugh ripped from Damon's chest. He really loved that she was claiming him as hers. 
In one swift move, he rolled them over, ending on top of her. 
"Did you forget that marking is the sweetest when I'm deep inside you? Should we start?" 
"Aren't you just sweet-talking your way into sex?" 
"For sex with you, I will do anything. Sweet talking included. But that is only for you, kitten." Damon cocked an eyebrow when Talia pursed her lips. "There is no point in faking grumpiness because I can feel your emotions, and there is this…" Damon took Talia's hand into his and lifted it at their eye level, both hands glowed in rhythmical pulses of silvery light like the rest of their bodies. 
"What about it?", Talia asked, unsuccessful in suppressing her smile. 
"The bond between us is stronger. I can feel it inside me and all around me, just like this glow. It's magical. You are magical. Mine. And I know you want me just as much as I want you." 
Before Talia could respond, Damon captured her lips with his, and she realized that she didn't want to talk because there was no need for words between them. They could feel each other's emotions, and the sense of belonging and acceptance was overwhelming, making their love swell to another level, igniting the passion that came with arousal they were eager to quelch, even though they knew it will never be enough.
###Chapter 512 Unpleasant breakfast (1)
Chapter 512 Unpleasant breakfast (1)
During their morning shower, Talia checked Damon's condition. 
There were no black runes visible on his body, Sapa was unreachable, and their bond was solid. 
Witches told Talia that the black runes were unpredictable, and she really hoped that the full moon ritual will be effective and that Sapa won't suffer any permanent consequences. 
Damon assured Talia that he was fine, other than not being able to reach his wolf. 
After double-confirming that both of their necks still had remnants of the last night's marking (even though they didn't mark each other again in the morning), Talia and Damon reluctantly left the bedroom in time to join others for breakfast. 
They enjoyed the privacy that the third floor of the packhouse provided, but they had guests and many important things to handle. Lovey-dovey time was over. For now. 
Talia and Damon descended the stairs into the lounge on the main floor to see Cornelia sitting on the sofa. She stood up and looked at them, as an obvious sign that she was waiting for them. 
Cornelia saw Talia and Damon coming down the stairs and holding each other tightly like they didn't want to put a single fraction of space between them. Cornelia never met Damon, but she knew that he was Talia's mate because he looked at Talia in the same way Axel looked at Yasmin. 
Cornelia hid the dejection that grew inside her behind a stiff expression. Will she ever get to experience that feeling of intimacy that only a mate could provide? Before last night, Cornelia believed that her mate was out there, and they will meet eventually, but now that she met him and the magic didn't happen… Cornelia was not sure what to expect. 
'That is Cornelia. She is a high-ranking witch.', Talia told Damon through the mind-link. 'Thanks to her we have the potion and spell to remove dark magic.' 
Talia was happy that the mind-link came in handy already. It was like their little secret and it made her feel even closer to him. 
Damon knew from memories Talia shared who Cornelia was, but he appreciated this reminder because any female other than Talia was not important, hence, in danger of being forgotten. 
When Damon and Talia reached the bottom of the stairs, Cornelia called, "Talia, may I have a word?" 
Seeing that Damon had no intention of letting Talia out of his hold, Cornelia added, "I will appreciate it if I can talk to Talia in private." Damon was Talia's mate, but to Cornelia, he was a stranger. 
Damon frowned, but he didn't , so Talia took that as an OK. 
"Let me introduce you first. This is Damon, my mate." 
And just like that, Damon's sour mood was gone. This was the first time for Talia to announce him as her mate! 
"Damon, this is Cornelia, the Priestess in the Silver Flame Coven. Until we officially open the passages, and our people start mingling, we will be introducing her as Gideon's cousin." 
Cornelia and Damon exchanged a few pleasantries and then Cornelia went with Talia to the living room, leaving Damon to stand in the lounge. 
Damon didn't want to go to the dining room without Talia and he also didn't want to leave Talia out of his visual range but sneaking on them didn't seem right. 
Damon got an idea. 
He took his phone and turned on the feed from the security camera in the living room, and then he put a Bluetooth earpiece in to listen to what was going on there. With that, he went to the dining room. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
In the living room… 
"It seems that the potion worked.", Cornelia said. 
"Yes, thank you. Is that why you wanted to talk to me in private?" Talia didn't want to waste time on chit-chat because being away from Damon was making her nervous, and Marcy might be there any moment. 
Damon told Talia the plan and she knew Damon got this under control, but still, she needed his proximity. 
"I want to leave.", Cornelia said. 
Talia was confused. "Leave? Where?" 
"Back to the Midnight Guardians pack, and maybe home." 
"Why? Did something happen?", Talia continued probing. She remembered that Cornelia was enthusiastic to explore other realms, so this request came as a surprise. 
Cornelia was not willing to talk about James and what happened between them. Or maybe it was better to say what DIDN'T happen. 
Last night, Cornelia spotted many mated couples, and right here in the packhouse were Mindy and Gideon, Maya and Caden, Dawn and George, and now Talia and Damon. They were all couples, and the fact that James couldn't see her as his mate was gut-wrenching. After a night of no sleep, Cornelia's resolve to leave this place firmed. She wanted to go far away from James. 
"I feel homesick. That's all." 
Talia didn't believe her, but she also didn't feel it was right to probe into Cornelia's private matters. They were not close and if Cornelia didn't want to open up, there was nothing Talia could do about it. 
"I understand.", Talia said. "But will you consider staying another day or two? Tomorrow evening is the full moon, and I would be at ease with the knowledge that you will be here in case something goes wrong with the ritual or if Damon relapses." 
Cornelia was not willing, but she remembered Evanora's words that since Cornelia was going with Talia, it was her duty to represent witches and leave a good impression. With that, Cornelia agreed reluctantly. It was just one extra day. "Alright. After the ritual, I will leave." 
"Thank you, Cornelia. In the meantime, if there is anything you need to make your stay here more pleasant, just let me know. If you want, we can arrange for someone to show you around. Darkbourne is nearby, and there is a human city a bit further. The human city is bigger and has many things you didn't see." 
Cornelia thought that going sightseeing would be nice. It will definitely be better compared to sitting in the packhouse and waiting for the time to pass, and she didn't want to risk lingering in the area and bumping into James again. "Yes, please. I would love to see the town with someone." Maybe she could go into the restaurant or a sweetshop and try local delicacies. 
Talia was happy with this. "Excellent. We can assign you a few warriors to act as guides and for protection. Let me think about this and we can talk more after breakfast." Talia was eager to join Damon and she could mind-link with him about who would be the best to escort Cornelia. 
… 
Talia and Cornelia entered the dining room and Talia quickly scanned the people present, releasing a breath of relief when she confirmed that Marcy was still not there. 
Damon was already on his feet, holding a chair for Talia to sit, on his left. 
Cornelia's brows came together at the sensation of a familiar pull, the same one she felt last night. Her sight fell on the back of a head full of blonde hair and she couldn't believe her luck. James. What was he doing there? 
Cornelia met him last night in the garden, and then in front of the packhouse, but she didn't imagine that he would actually be here! 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 513 Unpleasant breakfast (2)
Chapter 513 Unpleasant breakfast (2)
Talia led Cornelia toward the dining table where others were seated. 
"I guess this is your first time eating here with everyone, so let me introduce you", Talia said to Cornelia before turning to speak to others in a louder voice, "To the ones who don't know, this is Cornelia. She is Gideon's cousin from far away and she is not used to our customs. I hope everyone can be civil and open-minded." 
Talia spoke to Cornelia, "No one here has bad intentions, so if they offend you, it's not intentional. Keep in mind that our ways of living are different. If anything is making you uncomfortable, you need to say so." Talia glanced at other people. "It goes both ways." 
Talia gestured while talking to Cornelia, "You met Damon, he is the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. He owns this place, so if you are not pleased with something, you can tell me or tell him directly. You should be familiar with the next few faces, George, Dawn, Gideon, Mindy, Maya, and Caden. I don't think you met the others. That's James, he is visiting from the Red Moon pack with George, and the others are locals, Petra, Erik, and Zack." 
With that, Talia told Cornelia that she can sit at any available spot, and Talia moved toward the chair that Damon was still holding for her. 
Dawn, Maya, and Mindy were looking at Damon anxiously, and only when they confirmed he was treating Talia well did they relax. After last night's dinner where Damon allowed Marcy to get close, no one knew what to expect. 
Cornelia took her seat on Damon's right without engaging in pleasantries. 
If Cornelia knew that James will be right there, at the same table, she would skip breakfast, and ask for food to be brought to her room. 
Cornelia shook off the unpleasant feeling. James or not, she will be here for another day or two, help with dispelling the dark magic, and leave. 
Talia noticed that Cornelia's mood dropped once they reached the dining room, and she took a mental note to ask Cornelia if someone from the people present offended her somehow. 
James gripped the knife in his hand, hoping it will conceal the fact that his hands were shaking. 
The whole night he couldn't sleep. James wanted to think about Marcy's unexpected appearance in the packhouse, and what it meant to their plan, but he couldn't focus. His mind was wandering toward the chocolate-colored beauty that appeared out of nowhere and disappeared in the same way. Her absence created a longing he never experienced before. 
James cursed himself for allowing Cornelia to leave like that, and he wondered if he will really need to wait two years until he can see her again. The thought that he won't see her ever again was disturbing. Yet here she was, right in front of him, at the same table. 
He felt like facepalming. Didn't she go into the packhouse last night? Why didn't he think about the possibility that she was staying here? 
James thought of himself as a levelheaded guy whose biggest strength was his brain, but when it came to Cornelia, he turned into an idiot. 
Did Talia say how Cornelia was from far away? Maybe she really didn't know about James' background. Even if she knew, it wouldn't change the fact that his heart was thundering against his chest, and he was so anxious that he feared that whatever he ate so far might come out the same way it came in. If he actually vomits, that would be so embarrassing! 
James grabbed his glass of water and started sipping anxiously, counting silently from one thousand backward and praying that he won't puke his guts out and make a total ass of himself. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon was busy putting food on Talia's plate and Talia noticed that Cornelia didn't look far from the food items that were closest to her. 
"Let me know if you need help with anything.", Talia said to Cornelia. 
"This is fine.", Cornelia responded, but Talia was not convinced. 
"You must taste these sausages." 
Damon piled up quite a bit of everything for Talia, but the serving plate with sausages was on the other side of the table already. 
"James, can you pass the plate with sausages?", Talia asked, and James was quick to drop his glass of water and grab the plate Talia requested. His grip was shaky, and the sausages nearly spilled on the table, but Petra's nimble hands grabbed it and saved the day. 
"Let me do it.", Petra said, and James let go in favor of returning his focus on the glass of water. 
At the sight of Petra passing the plate, Talia thought of something. 
"Where are you guys going after this?", Talia asked Petra. 
"James said that he has some matters to handle after breakfast. Erik, Zack, and I were planning to hang out in the town square until James is done, and then the four of us will head to the human city for the day." 
Talia knew that the work James had after breakfast was related to Marcy. 
"Cornelia", Talia called. "Petra, Zack, and Erik will be in Darkbourne and head to the human city later with James. They usually have some fun activities planned. You can consider joining them if you wish." She glanced at Petra. "That's not a problem, right?" 
Petra shrugged with, "The more, the merrier." 
Cornelia looked at Talia blankly. "I thought you will give me a few warriors for protection." 
Damon felt that it was his turn to speak. "Petra, Erik, and Zack might appear young, but they are capable. With them around, you don't need to worry about safety." 
Petra, Zack, and Erik exchanged worried glances. Them to keep Cornelia safe? Ah, their Alpha didn't know that Cornelia froze them with a wave of her finger, but they didn't want to talk about it. 
"That's not what I meant.", Cornelia said and turned to Talia. "I don't want to look like a grownup taking youngsters for an outing." 
'COUGH! COUGH!', James coughed violently, nearly choking on the water he was drinking. Was she talking about him? Damn it! 
Talia thought about Cornelia's comment, and she realized that it made sense. Cornelia's appearance put her in her early twenties, and even though James, Zack, Erik, and Petra were not little kids, it was obvious they were younger. 
Talia turned to Damon. "What do you think? Can you get two warriors to escort Cornelia for the day?" 
"Absolutely.", Damon said and glanced at Caden. "Can you take care of that?" 
Caden nodded and his eyes lost focus. A second later, he spoke, "They will be here in half an hour." 
"Great!", Talia exclaimed. "Petra, if you can suggest a few spots nearby for a total newbie who wants to experience our way of living and human customs, that would be great." She turned to Cornelia. "I'm sorry, I would give you a tour personally, but with everything going on…" 
"It's fine.", Cornelia assured Talia. She knew that Talia was busy, and it didn't matter who accompanied her, as long as she gets out of this place and it was not with James. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 514 Unpleasant breakfast (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 514 Unpleasant breakfast (3) [Bonus chapter]
A stifled gasp from the door of the dining room got everyone's attention, and they didn't need to look there in order to know who it was. Marcy. 
Earlier that morning, Caden told Marcy that Alpha Edward was asking about her and that she should contact her father before breakfast because she will have a busy day ahead of her. "Alpha Damon will share more information with you..." 
Marcy was not happy that this request came on such short notice; she will be late for breakfast! But Caden was unusually respectful, making her feel important, and the thought of a busy day with Alpha Damon improved her mood. 
Marcy was happy to hear the approving tone of her father, and she got carried away while explaining how things were going better than expected. Marcy told him that she was staying in the packhouse, Damon's Beta was treating her as his superior, last night the wretched assistant (aka Talia) was nowhere to be seen, and after dinner, Marcy and Damon went for a romantic walk in the garden. Marcy didn't mention George interrupting them because that was not important. The highlight of her report to Alpha Edward was that by the end of the day there will be big news for him. 
Alpha Edward wanted to know the details, but how could Marcy tell him when she didn't know herself? However, she assured him that things were great and that he shouldn't worry. 
"Wait until evening, daddy!", Marcy said excitedly. "By then, you will know everything and I'm sure you will be pleased." 
"Alright.", Alpha Edward agreed, Marcy's enthusiasm was promising. He had a few questions. 
"How is James doing? Is he behaving?" 
Marcy almost mentioned the exotic beauty from last night, but then she thought how that might steal her spotlight, so she decided to skip it. "I don't see James much. With Alpha Damon's warriors protecting me, James and George are mostly away. I guess they are training but you know that I don't go to those dirty and smelly areas." She also didn't want to talk about George or his mate. 
Alpha Edward was pleased to hear that George and James were busy. "What about Nora?" 
Marcy's insides tightened. Normally, Marcy wouldn't think much about this. After all, her father was asking about everyone's status, like a good Alpha. But Marcy knew that Nora was sleeping with Alpha Edward and Marcy responded stoically with, "Nora knew why we came here, and even with that, she tried to seduce Alpha Damon, my future husband. Nora is in the dungeon and will stay there until she says that she is sorry, and she is convincing enough for me to believe her." 
Alpha Edward didn't want Nora to suffer, but the priority was for Marcy to secure her position. "Make sure she is not mistreated. Explain that if she behaves, you will let her out before your Luna ceremony. We will come as a family, and Raymond will be upset if his daughter is locked up. People might ask questions, and we want to avoid negative publicity." 
Marcy rolled her eyes while wondering who will be more worried, Nora's father or Nora's lover? But Marcy agreed with the point that if Nora is not present, it will be bad for them, and she can't let Nora be seen with bruises either. "I understand, daddy. I will talk with Damon about this when I get a chance…" 
After her talk with Alpha Edward, Marcy fixed her hair and makeup, and she picked the perfect dress. She was already late, and she could at least be visually pleasing to her future husband. 
What Marcy didn't expect was to see that the wretched assistant was back and sitting right next to Damon! And was Damon cutting the food on Talia's plate? 
They were all quiet now, but Marcy heard lively chatter before she appeared. They were like a cohesive unit that stopped functioning the moment they became aware of Marcy's existence. Was that how they will greet their future Luna? 
Since Marcy didn't move from the door, Damon glanced there and gestured with his knife toward several empty chairs. "Sit and eat something, Marcy. After breakfast, we will go to the study to discuss a few important matters." 
Marcy pressed her lips into a line and walked toward one of the chairs. She was not hungry. She didn't want to eat. She wanted Talia out of there! Did he really expect her to enjoy a meal in that setting? 
Was there a need for Talia and Damon to hold hands? And it was right there on the table, for everyone to see! 
Marcy told herself to calm down. This was just another test. Alpha Damon wanted to see how his future Luna will behave in unexpected and unpleasant situations, and Marcy was determined to show him that she was up to the task. 
Marcy was not the only one who had trouble swallowing the delicious meal that Stephanie and Zina prepared. 
Mindy didn't like Marcy, and her irritation bounced on Gideon. The poor Shaman was confident that he will end up with heartburn after this. 
"Eat, princess…", Gideon urged Mindy while offering her extra strawberries and whipped cream on a waffle with the hope to distract her. The food didn't do much, but the way he squeezed her thigh under the table got her attention and Mindy opened her mouth obediently to accept his offerings. 
It was a similar situation with Dawn and George. Dawn was on pins and needles from the moment Marcy appeared, and no matter how much George acted like Marcy was not there, Dawn was not happy. 
James was jumpy because of Cornelia, and Cornelia was mirroring James' emotions. 
Maya and Caden feared that this plot to use Marcy against Alpha Edward will explode into an all-out war, and the three teens could feel the tension in the air, but they didn't dare say anything about it. 
It was not a pleasant breakfast. 
'Relax, kitten…', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head. 'You know that this is Marcy's last meal before her world collapses.' 
Talia didn't remove her gaze from her plate while responding to Damon, 'What if she doesn't cooperate? What if she decides that since she is going down, she will drag us with her?' 
The truth was that James advised Damon to keep the charade going until they spill the truth to Marcy, but after the incident of forgetting about Talia, Damon couldn't make himself ignore his mate or pretend that she was not important. Damon knew that Talia needed comforting and assurance, and he needed it as well. If things collapse, there will be war, and Damon was ready for it. 
How Damon saw this, Alpha Edward was set on getting his hands on what's Damon's, and Damon had no intention of giving it willingly. Whatever they were doing was only postponing the inevitable: an open confrontation between two packs. 
'I know that this can backfire', Damon responded, 'But will you prefer that I go with their plan and make her my Luna? I would rather cut off my dick than be with her.' 
Talia knew that this was Damon's attempt to put her mind at ease. 'It must be serious if you are willing to cut that off.' 
Damon shifted into his seat. 'I am not willing. That's why I won't do what they want.' He was already holding her hand, and he lifted it to place a kiss on her knuckles while continuing through their mind-link, 'Every part of me is yours and yours only. Other women are not allowed close.' 
Talia smiled at the cheeky Alpha who suddenly became romantic. Sure, others couldn't hear his words, but they definitely saw him holding her hand and kissing it. 
Marcy did her best not to look at the lovey-dovey couple, but it was hard. Damon was all around Talia, Gideon was feeding Mindy, and George and Dawn spoke in whispers while eating from each other's plates. Among all couples, Maya and Caden were the most conservative one, and Marcy didn't care about Cornelia or the four teens at the table. 
The only thing preventing Marcy from flipping the table and throwing an all-out tantrum was the thought that this was a test and that after breakfast she will find out the exact time when Alpha Damon will announce her as his Luna, and they will decide on a date when her Luna ceremony will happen, and after that, she won't need to endure. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 515 James’ plight
Chapter 515 James' plight
Cornelia was first to leave the table. She grabbed an apple and went to her room with, "Let me know when warriors are here so I can head out." 
On instinct, James was about to stand up and head after her, but then he stopped halfway. Why would he go after Cornelia? What would he say? Reluctantly, James returned to sit in his chair. 
James didn't get it. He met many beauties, but none made him irrational. It was not like him. He rubbed his forehead with force while trying to understand what was going on. He was restless while Cornelia was there, and now that she was gone, it was worse. Or better. He was not sure. 
"James, can we have a word?", Petra called. 
James glanced to see that Damon was still busy feeding Talia before responding to Petra, "Sure", and then he followed Petra into the garden. 
"What are you doing?", Petra asked. 
James had a feeling that Petra was poking her nose in his non-existent relationship with Cornelia. "What do you mean?" 
"You know what I mean. Are you OK with Cornelia going out with some warriors?" 
Was he OK? No. But what could he do? "You don't understand. Things didn't work out." 
"What is there to understand? You shouldn't let her go without looking into it thoroughly. What kind of Alpha stays away from his fated mate?" 
James paused. Petra hit a sore spot. "Is this only because I'm the future Alpha?" 
"Of course not. Everyone is looking for their fated mate because that's the only way we can be truly happy. You are not of age, but she obviously is. Will you wait two years until you seek her? What will you do if you find her and confirm she is your mate, but she already has a man?" 
James' temper flared. "Why are you meddling?" 
"Because…", Petra paused and pressed her lips into a line. "It was my older sister. She was 15 years old when a guy approached her, and she chickened out. She was attracted to him, but the idea of a mate and spending the rest of their lives together scared her. And do you know what happened when she found him four years later?" 
James could guess. "He settled with another woman." 
"Yes.", Petra confirmed. "She was human. He didn't mark her, but he couldn't leave her either. He told my sister that he was lonely and drunk, and things happened, and the woman got pregnant. They had a child. He offered my sister to live with them as a second wife. Of course, my sister couldn't accept it, so she rejected the bond. Since then, she is withering away, and it hurts like hell. Our whole family is suffering." 
James understood why Petra was so pushy and he wondered if his family would care if he ended up emotionally damaged. Well, definitely not. He was already damaged by the harsh training and discipline his father forced on him. His mother didn't bother to intervene, while his sister was not there. 
But even with all that, how was the story of Petra's sister applicable to James' situation? "Did you expect your sister to live with a guy before she was ready?" Or should he go and start a family? He is only sixteen years old! He can't even provide for himself. And who knows how Alpha Edward would react if James brings in a woman with him? 
"Of course, she was too young to live with him, but if she agreed to dating, it would be different. Mates don't hurt each other. He wouldn't force her if she was not willing and ready, and if she was by his side, he wouldn't look for other women.", Petra said in one breath. "Listen, James, I'm not saying that you should jump on Cornelia and claim her as your mate. But I am saying that if you let her go, you will regret it." 
James opened his mouth to respond when a shout came from the door. 
"James! It's time." 
It was Caden. 
"I need to go." 
"Think about what I said!", Petra pleaded. 
James didn't turn to respond. 
Petra looked at James' departing back and she knew that the story about her sister moved him, but she also had a feeling that it was not enough. James needed proof that Cornelia was his mate. 
Petra got an idea and she dashed toward the dining room, hoping that the person of interest was still there. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Shaman Gideon!", Petra called when she saw Gideon leaving the dining room with Mindy by his side. "Can I have a minute of your time?" 
Gideon groaned. He was about to go with Mindy to their room and enjoy some alone time before they go to the tailor for the final fitting for Mindy's ceremonial clothes, and now this youngster was cutting into their time. If he knew that the packhouse would be so lively, they would stay in their cabin and come only for the ceremony. But Mindy was already facing the girl, so Gideon grumbled, "Speak." 
Petra realized that Gideon was not in a good mood. "I was wondering if you have a way to tell if two people are mates." 
Gideon's brows came together in a frown. "Why would they need me to tell them?" 
"Because they are not of age." 
"If their wolves are not telling them they are mates, it means they are not ready.", Gideon said. 
"But what if one is underage, and the other one doesn't have a wolf?" 
Gideon thought how this was oddly specific. "If you want my help, I need you to stop talking in riddles." 
Petra glanced around, to make sure no one else was in the hallway, and then she spoke in a whisper, "I suspect that James and Cornelia are mates." 
Gideon blinked. The clumsy youngster from the Red Moon pack and a witch? He would pay for a ticket to watch that movie! 
Well, James was not clumsy, but Gideon saw him nearly dropping a serving plate with sausages, and then choking on water, and staring at the plate with food and... Gideon didn't have a good opinion of James. 
"What makes you think they are mates?", Gideon asked. 
"Cornelia approached James last night, but he bailed because he didn't feel it.", Petra said. "Is there a potion or a ceremony that will tell James if she is his mate?" 
"What's with the urgency?", Gideon grumbled. 
"Cornelia will spend the day with some random warriors instead of with James. What if they are mates and this day apart draws a wedge between them? James will go to his pack soon, when will they meet next time?" 
Mindy's whole body was bouncing from excitement. "There must be something you can do so they realize they are mates." 
Gideon turned to Mindy. "What makes you think they are mates?" 
"Because of Talia.", Mindy said matter-of-factly. "She has the power to matchmake mates." 
"She does?", Gideon asked with disbelief obvious in his voice. 
"She does.", Mindy confirmed with confidence. "Mates are popping up around Talia like mushrooms after the rain!" 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 516 Marcy’s collapse (1)
Chapter 516 Marcy's collapse (1)
Gideon was in a predicament. 
He could deny Petra, but how can he disappoint his pumpkin-infused beauty when she looked at him with those sparkles in her eyes? But if there was a way to find out who is whose mate earlier than their wolves would allow it, everyone would be doing it. Did Petra come here to make him look incompetent in front of Mindy? 
Gideon turned to Petra. "You said that James doesn't feel the bond and that's why he is keeping his distance from Cornelia. What are you expecting me to do about it? Force him?" 
Petra shrunk when she realized that Gideon's mood worsened, but she couldn't give up. "I apologize. I know Cornelia is your cousin, but I saw them last night. James was flustered when he saw her. He is always calm and composed, but in front of Cornelia he was like a teenager who met his first crush." 
Mindy giggled. "Well, he is a teenager, and she is his crush. Maybe not the first crush but will be his last. We will take care of it." 
Petra's eyes widened. "You will?" 
Gideon turned to look at Mindy. "We will?" 
Mindy smiled knowingly and spoke to Petra, "Your task is for James to not leave the packhouse before Cornelia. I will let you know when things are set. And make sure he doesn't suspect anything." She turned to Gideon. "We will need Maya's help." 
Gideon was curious to find out what was on Mindy's mind because it appeared that she had a plan. His mood dropped when he realized that this mate nonsense will cut into their lovey-dovey time. Ah, if he knew, he wouldn't agree to stay in the packhouse! 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
In the study… 
Marcy was sitting on a chair, and she looked at the other people present. 
George, Dawn, James, Damon, Talia, Maya, and Caden. 
She could understand that Maya and Caden were there as Damon's Betas, and James and George as representatives of the Red Moon pack, but why were Dawn and Talia there? OK. Maybe Talia was still in her role as Damon's assistant, but what about Dawn? 
What rubbed Marcy the wrong way was that Talia was sitting in Damon's executive leather chair with him standing behind her. This made Talia look important, and Marcy was sitting on a regular chair, damn it! 
Talia was not comfortable with being in the same room with Marcy, but Damon told her that there will be a good show to watch and that he will give Talia a choice of delivering a final blow to the woman who dared to bully her at the Red Moon pack. Until then, Talia was to let him handle things. 
"Thank you for coming here.", Damon started. "I wanted us to have this conversation so that we are all on the same page about changes that are coming for the Dark Howlers pack." 
Marcy lifted her chin. It's happening! 
"Tomorrow evening is the full moon, and we will have our first pack run in a decade." He turned to George and James. "I hope you will join us as guests. I will be leading the run with my mate, and my future Luna." 
Marcy blinked rapidly. Did he say, mate? Surely, he thought, 'chosen mate', right? RIGHT? 
Marcy would feel better if Damon used names, like, if he said that he would lead the pack run with Marcy. 
"We appreciate the invitation, Alpha Damon", George said. "However, we will need to refuse. Pack runs are your chance to demonstrate leadership and establish the hierarchy. Guests will only bring confusion. We will be there for the ceremony." 
James nodded in agreement with George's words and Damon didn't . It was all for show anyway. 
"Do you know how you will start the run?", Caden asked. 
"After Shaman is done with the ceremony, my Luna and I will shift into our wolves and…" 
Marcy didn't hear the rest because her ears were buzzing. Did Damon say they will shift into their wolf forms? Problem! After she rejected George, Marcy's wolf was weakened, and after George accepted rejection, Marcy didn't feel her wolf at all. How was she supposed to shift? 
"Miss Marcy, are you alright?" 
Maya's question got Marcy's attention and she quickly schooled her features. 
"Yes, yes. I was listening." And it will be LUNA Marcy soon! 
Damon cleared his throat and repeated the last part, "As I was saying, other details will be left to my Luna to decide." 
Marcy wondered how much she missed. What was she supposed to decide? 
Another red flag appeared when Marcy realized that Damon was looking at Talia, and then Talia spoke, "I don't want to break traditions. I will talk to Shaman Gideon to see protocols related to the pack runs when Damon's parents were leading the pack, and unless something is against what we stand for, we will go with it." 
"Good approach.", Caden praised Talia. "It will definitely score you points with older generations…" 
Marcy's stomach dropped as she refused to accept this. Why were they talking to Talia like she was the star of this pack run? And they ignored Marcy completely. Marcy told herself that this must be another test. As the future Luna, she needed to speak up and take the place that belongs to her rightfully. 
"Excuse me", Marcy spoke under her breath while standing up from her chair in slow motion. When everyone looked at her, Marcy asked, "What is the meaning of this?" 
"Were you not paying attention, Miss Marcy?", Damon asked. "We were discussing how I will lead the pack run with my future Luna." 
Marcy smiled nervously as an ominous feeling gripped her heart. "Shouldn't I be involved in this discussion?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "I apologize for the inconvenience, but your status doesn't qualify you to participate, not even as a guest." 
"I don't qualify?", Marcy asked in disbelief. How can she not qualify? She should be the star of the pack run! 
"Someone who came to my pack with an intention to deceive me and become my Luna, doesn't qualify.", Damon said in a flat voice and Marcy felt her insides churning. 
"Deceive you? What do you mean?" 
"I think you know exactly what I mean." 
"You-you...", Marcy stuttered. "You want to do this without me? That's not acceptable!" 
"This is my pack. I can do whatever I want." 
"But… you promised! You can't go back on your word!" Marcy was shaking now. Why was no one helping? They all watched as Damon collapsed everything she believed was true! 
"What did I promise?", Damon asked. 
"You promised that today you will make me your Luna!" 
"No. I said that today I will announce who my Luna will be and that's what I'm doing. It has nothing to do with you, Miss Marcy, it never did. Talia will be the one to lead this pack with me." 
Marcy gaped at Damon like he was growing a second head. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 517 Marcy’s collapse (2)
Chapter 517 Marcy's collapse (2)
Author's note: 
Thank you, SilaMelei, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 16, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
"You want to replace me? Your Elders won't allow it!", Marcy exclaimed desperately. Alpha Edward told her that he was working with a few Elders from the Dark Howlers pack and that Marcy will have their support once she becomes Damon's Luna. 
Damon sneered. "Elders of the Dark Howlers pack barely hold any power and they definitely can't decide who will be my partner. They can accept my decision or lose their position." 
Marcy looked at Damon in disbelief. Was he bluffing? That's not what her father told her, but Damon seemed confident. Now what? 
It took Marcy a moment to remember an important person. "What about my father? My father won't allow it. You called me here only to embarrass me like this. My father will retaliate. Will you risk thousands of your pack members getting hurt and killed because you offended the Red Moon pack?" 
Damon's anger swelled when he saw Marcy talking like she has an advantage. At first, Damon suspected that Marcy was just a pawn in Alpha Edward's hand, but now he confirmed that she was trying not only to manipulate him but actually threatened him with a war. 
How twisted was her mind to think that things will end well after she said words that sounded awfully like, 'marry me or there will be a war'? She was just as power-hungry as her father. 
Damon suppressed his urge to snap Marcy's neck and he kept his voice even while saying, "I am aware that Alpha Edward won't approve, but I doubt there will be a war when the news spreads how you came here to be my Luna in the company of your fated mate. What you did was showing blatant disrespect to an Alpha and you went against the Moon Goddess. No one will support such an act. Not even Alpha Edward will dare to condemn me for kicking your sorry ass out of my territory. Or would you rather that I send you into the dungeon?" 
Blood drained from Marcy's face. Damon knew! 
Marcy's head snapped to stare at George who looked at her with a satisfying smile on his face. But probably more irritating was that Dawn was sitting on the sofa next to George, their shoulders and hips connecting while holding hands with their fingers interlaced. Why was George allowed to sit there and enjoy with his mate when everything Marcy wanted was slipping through her fingers? 
Marcy glared at Talia and spoke to Damon, "So, you will rather make this nobody your Luna instead of me who has the backing of the Red Moon pack?" 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Marcy. "Just to make things clear. You should consider yourself lucky to be alive. That's how much protection of the Red Moon pack is going, but it's running thin at this point. If you call Talia names one more time, you will join Nora in the dungeon. Learn your place, Miss Marcy. No one will insult my fated mate, not even if they have the backing of the Red Moon pack." 
Marcy's mind shook like a sledgehammer hit her. "Fated mate?" 
Talia felt no pity for Marcy. Why did she sound like it's the first time she heard that Talia and Damon were mates? Talia was confident that Marcy should know that. 
Damon's firm hold on Talia's shoulder helped Talia stabilize her emotions while facing her bully, the princess who hit her when she was at her lowest. 
Talia clearly remembered seeing Marcy at the welcoming party in the Red Moon pack. People were swarming around Marcy, all with smiles on their faces, eager to leave a good impression. 
Marcy had everything and what did she do? Marcy rejected her mate and came here with the intention to take Talia's mate. 
Talia told Marcy that Damon was her mate. She warned Marcy to stay away, but she didn't. Talia healed Marcy so she doesn't die from breaking the mate bond, but Marcy didn't learn. 
Actually, Marcy was escalating. The more Marcy thought that things were going in her favor, the more despotic Marcy's attitude was. 
Talia enjoyed seeing Marcy falling off her high horse as the information sank in that she won't be Damon's Luna. 
Marcy won't be Damon's anything, and Talia wanted to make sure that Marcy understood she had no chance of getting close to Damon. Not with Talia around. 
Talia pulled the collar of her blouse to the side, to expose the left side of her neck, and spoke to Marcy who was staring blankly at Damon. "Just in case you forgot what I told you before, Miss Marcy..." Talia waited for Marcy to look her way before continuing, "Damon and I are mates. Fated mates. See this? Marked. Mate." 
Marcy's eyes flashed in disbelief. That was a mark right there, and the way Damon's hand rested on Talia's shoulder, told Marcy that was his mark! What was Marcy supposed to do now? Give up? How can she give up when she was already here? Everyone knew that she was here to become Damon's Luna, her inbox was full of congratulations and messages how they were the perfect couple, and if she returns empty-handed, she will be the laughingstock! 
Marcy turned to look at Damon pleadingly. 
"But, my father…" 
"Oh, for fuck's sake!", James snapped. 
His emotions were all over the place because of the thing with Cornelia and he didn't have patience for this circus. He thought that by now Marcy would realize she was cornered, but it was obvious she was still struggling, and James decided to spell it out for her. 
"What about father, Marcy? What do you think he will do when you go to him crying how Alpha Damon bullied you? Do you think that father will comfort you, or will he see you as failing your mission? THINK!" 
Marcy's whole body jolted when James shouted, but he was not done talking. 
"You should have an idea how important this was to him. Do you know how he will punish you? You grew up in Europe, so let me tell you. His favorites are silver and wolfsbane. First, he will chain you, then he will peel your skin slowly and sprinkle a mixture of silver and wolfsbane, just enough so your healing slows down but not enough to cause permanent damage, and then…" 
"Stop!", Marcy shrieked and plopped back into her chair. She never saw her father doing those things, but she heard rumors. He was ruthless and there was a reason everyone feared him. But no matter how scary Alpha Edward was, it won't change her current situation. Now what? 
Marcy looked around the room to see mocking smiles and eyes that were happy she was in this situation, and only Alpha Damon was looking at her seriously. 
"Will you leave me like this after you had your fun?", she asked. 
"Do you think I'm having fun? It was you who dragged me into your family's drama for acquiring power.", Damon spoke in a dangerously low voice that made Marcy shrink in her chair. "I don't owe you anything, but I will help you if you do something for me." 
"I want you to protect me from my father.", Marcy was quick to say. "I want your guarantee that he won't harm me." 
"It seems you have something on your mind.", Damon said. 
Marcy nodded. "Europe. Paris. Give me money and send me there and you won't hear from me. A million euros. You can afford that much." 
James facepalmed. "You really are stupid. That's the first place father will look for you." 
Marcy made a face. "Do you have a better plan, little brother? One that's less stupid?" 
"It will depend on your cooperation.", Damon said. 
Marcy wanted to ask what their plan was, but she knew there was a price to pay, so she asked, "What do you want me to do?" 
It was James who moved to give Marcy a few sheets of paper. 
Marcy took the papers and frowned at her brother. "You are part of this." 
James shrugged. "Part of what? Of saving your ass? Yes. You are welcome."
###Chapter 518 Marcy’s collapse (3)
Chapter 518 Marcy's collapse (3)
Marcy was not sure what to think about this. Too many things happened, and it was difficult for her to wrap her head around current events. 
After George severed their mate bond completely, Marcy thought she was going to die, but then she woke up and Damon showed up and said that she was poisoned and he will protect her, find the culprits, and make her his Luna. 
Were those all lies? Was George in this from the beginning? Marcy was not sure, but her hatred toward George was tangible. 
Last night's events filled Marcy with the hope that she will escape her father's grasp, and the only ways were for Marcy to disappear or to stand at the top, as Alpha Damon's Luna. Of course, the option of Marcy having it all was much more pleasing than living in the shadows. 
That same morning, Marcy woke up as the princess of the Red Moon pack, convinced that she will be the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, yet now she felt the ground shifting under her feet with everyone in this room knowing that she came here with her mate and a bag of lies. 
But... Were those lies? 
Marcy looked at Damon and pressed her lips into a line. He was handsome and powerful and if he treated her well, she would do the same in return. They could have been allies, helping each other achieve their goals, but he choose Talia which left Marcy in a difficult situation. 
Marcy's hatred for Talia swelled. If not for Talia, Damon would accept Marcy and everything would be fine! 
Marcy was painfully aware that James was right. She couldn't go home. Her father would punish her brutally. But how will they protect her from the wrath of Alpha Edward? James seemed confident, so Marcy forced herself to focus on the words that were on the papers she received. 
With every passing moment, Marcy's expression changed, and her heart beat so quickly that she thought she might pass out. 
Eventually, Marcy spoke without lifting her gaze from the papers. "You want me to say that I'm abandoning my family because I'm traveling the world?" 
"Yes and no.", James said. "You are not abandoning our family, just Alpha Damon, and the position of his Luna. The official story is that you grew up in Europe, and you saw its wonders. As such, you are curious about what else the world has to offer, and you don't want to be tied to the territory of one pack as their Luna. Not if the Alpha is not your fated mate. See, like that, our father will be convinced that you are not here. Alpha Damon was kind enough to provide decoys who will travel with your identity so that it looks like you left the country. If our father wants to search for you, he will look in Japan or in India where leads will point him, and not blame Alpha Damon. Actually, no one will blame Alpha Damon, so our father won't have allies to attack the Dark Howlers pack no matter how greedy he is. Everyone wins." 
Marcy narrowed her eyes at James. Everyone wins except for her. "What do you get from this?" 
"I get that when I take over as the Alpha, I don't need to deal with the mess of a war.", James responded and gestured toward the papers in Marcy's hands. "This arrangement is temporary. When I become the Alpha, you can return and take back your identity if you wish. Or would you rather risk going back now so our father can kill you in a fit of anger?" 
Marcy knew that Alpha Edward will punish her, but killing was too extreme. "Father won't kill me." 
"Let me tell you about the current situation, Marcy. Everyone knows that you have your eyes set on Alpha Damon and being his Luna. You spent days in his packhouse, and no one will believe that you didn't sleep with him. Do you think that any respectable Alpha would take you for his Luna with that reputation? Our father invested years and a lot of money in grooming you so that you can help him seize more power. The moment he realizes you are of no use to him, you will wish you are dead." 
James leaned closer to Marcy. "Or do you think that father set you up as Alpha Damon's Luna because of Damon's good looks and he wished for you to have a happy life together? Any unmated Alpha would do, and if that's not an option, he would set you up to be someone's mistress. Or maybe he would keep you at home so you can entertain his guests who want to shag more than just Omegas. There are options, but none is good for you. Unless you want to be used like a sex doll for the pleasure of others." 
Marcy shuddered at this thought, but for the first time, she believed James. Nora was sleeping around, and Marcy suspected that her mother was doing the same. There was no way that Alpha Edward didn't know about it, and he allowed it to happen. Heck, maybe he even encouraged it. Marcy wondered if that was the reason why Nora's mother left the pack. 
Marcy turned to Damon. "Promise me protection." 
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "You are in no position to set demands. But I can give you a different identity. What will you do with it, will be up to you." 
Marcy knew that she was cornered. It was either to take this flaky deal or to return home and suffer punishment. Running away on her own was not an option. Maybe if she had more time, she would come up with a plan, but time was a luxury she didn't have. 
Marcy cursed herself internally. If she didn't waste time daydreaming about being Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, she would be able to come up with something. But it was too late for regrets. The only thing she could do was go with it and hope for the best. 
"How do we do this?", Marcy asked Damon and Maya was quick to stand and provide instructions, "You have one hour to memorize that speech and make it believable. It will be broadcasted over the live stream for everyone to see…" 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Marcy returned to her room in low spirits. She was completely defeated. 
She glanced around to see that the laptop, tablet, and cell phone were not there. Of course, Alpha Damon got those removed so that she can't contact outsiders. 
Marcy laughed weakly at her own predicament. Even if he gave her a phone, she had no one to call. People she knew either didn't care or would be glad she was in a pinch, but none of them would dare to get their hands dirty and risk angering Alpha Edward. 
Marcy threw sheets of paper on the bed and stared at them blankly while remembering James' confidence while he explained to Marcy how she should deliver the speech, pointing out a few key words to maximize the effect of people siding with her. 
"It's in your interest to appear believable. Like that, father won't dare to search for you openly, and even if someone recognizes you, they will shield you from your controlling father. Remember, you are not giving up a marriage or running away from home. You are fighting for your hopes and dreams…" 
Marcy looked at her little brother and she wondered when did he start talking like a grownup. If he read that speech, she would believe him. James was amazing, and Marcy… was no one. She was unable to keep her mate and she failed in getting married, two things that come normally to most she-wolves. 
Marcy slumped on the bed and cursed under her breath. 
All this was such a shit-show, and only two months ago she was in Paris, enjoying her life and dreaming about travel and making macaroons as her next class that might allow her to open her bakery. 
Actually, she could still do it. 
Damon will give her a different identity, and with that, she could go wherever she wanted and there were many places where she could perfect her macaroon-baking. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 519 James’ realization (1)
Chapter 519 James' realization (1)
After Marcy left the study, others agreed to meet in about one hour before dispersing. 
James didn't have much to do, so he decided to head to his room. 
Dawn and George went to their room, Caden stayed behind with Talia and Damon, and Maya lingered in the hallway on the second floor while checking something on her phone. 
James didn't expect to see Petra, Erik, and Zack in the lounge area at the bottom of the stairs on the main floor of the packhouse. 
"You are still here?", James asked. They were supposed to go to Darkbourne and wait for him there. 
Zack spread his arms. "As you can see. We got delayed, and then thought of just hanging out here until you are done, so we can all go together." 
James was glad that his friends were waiting for him, but… "I will be at least one more hour." 
James couldn't leave until Marcy made her public announcement, and after that, Alpha Edward will probably call him for an explanation, and James will need to pretend that he was training with George and had no idea what Marcy was up to, and he was blindsided just like everyone else. He can do that. James was feigning ignorance for years, so it will come naturally. 
"That's not a long time.", Erik said. "How about we play something on PlayStation while we wait?" 
James was about to agree, when Mindy's voice drifted from the side hallway, "Did you pack a change of clothes?" 
James turned to see Mindy and Cornelia appearing and he forgot what he was about to say. Cornelia was wearing a cream-colored summer dress that exposed her arms and her legs knee-down, and James really wanted to put his hands on that belt that circled her waist. She was a vision of beauty. 
"A change of clothes?", Cornelia asked. 
To James' disappointment, Cornelia didn't pay attention to him as she passed only a few steps away, toward the main door of the packhouse. 
"Yes. In your plan for today is a visit to the aquarium. They have a show with dolphins where they splash around and the audience gets wet.", Mindy explained and laughed when she saw Cornelia's confused expression. "Don't worry. It's fun. Maya told me that Theo and Mike are reliable, and they won't gape when your wet clothes stick to you, but I'm not sure about the rest of the people who will be there. So… can I assume you don't have spares ready?" 
Cornelia looked at her dress helplessly. She didn't really have many clothes, only what Maya gave her yesterday. 
Mindy waved her hand like it was not important. "Don't worry about it. I will lend you some of mine. But since we are here, let me introduce you to your two handsome escorts for today." 
James couldn't stop looking at Cornelia who was beyond beautiful in that dress. But… did Mindy say how Cornelia will get wet to the point of needing to change clothes? And what was that about handsome escorts? 
His eyes widened when he saw two warriors who were standing at the main door and they shook hands with Cornelia, each of them held Cornelia's hand for a few seconds longer than necessary. 
Both guys were tall and muscular, which was not unusual for warriors. They looked to be in their late twenties, and James didn't like that they smiled at Cornelia. As escorts or security, they should be professional. Was there a need to be that friendly? 
"I apologize for coming here without being ready to go. If you can give us a minute, I just want to make sure Cornelia has a change of clothes.", Mindy said and tugged Cornelia to move upstairs. "Come so you can pick something you like." 
James pressed his lips into a line. Zack and Erik were chattering about the game they wanted to play on the PlayStation, but James was completely focused on Cornelia who walked by two steps away from him, without sparing him a glance. Did Cornelia forget that last night she approached him with a story about how they were mates, and then she removed her top? The shape of her breasts was still vivid in James' mind. But then he said how he doesn't feel it and she left. Did he lose her forever? His chest tightened. 
"It could have been worse…", a non-enthusiastic voice from one of the warriors got James' attention. It was the one who introduced himself as Theo. 
James didn't want to eavesdrop, but he couldn't help it. 
Mike snorted. "Last week we were stuck with patrol on the North side, and this is so much better than those barren rocks. We get to spend a day in the human city with a beautiful woman, all expenses paid, and the fact that Cornelia is unmated is a bonus." 
James frowned at this. Why would those two care if Cornelia was mated? 
"What if she wants us to be stuck in a museum? Or some other boring place?", Theo asked grumpily. 
"Did you forget Maya's instructions? She said that Cornelia is new and it's up to us to show her fun. I feared that she is underage or too old, but like this, it's perfect." 
Theo slapped Mike's chest with the back of his palm. "You are right! Why didn't I think of that? Forget about the aquarium. Let's take her to some real grown-up fun. Skydiving? Ziplining? Bungee-jumping? Chicks love the thrill. When her legs get too shaky, we will have a nice meal to calm down with a few cocktails and we can end the day in the Shifters." 
Mike nodded in agreement. "How about a bet to make this interesting?" 
Theo was interested. "A bet?" 
Mike confirmed. "She is of age, and free for the picking. The rules are the same. The one who doesn't score a night with Cornelia pays the tab in Shifters." 
Theo's lips lifted into a knowing grin. "You think you are her type? She was obviously more into me." 
Mike chuckled. "You will see when those fine legs hug my waist, and you are stuck with the bill." 
"Me, stuck with the bill?", Theo asked mockingly. "What if she is like the last one, and wants to have a go with both of us…?" 
James didn't hear the rest as his ears were buzzing. 
He heard similar talks many times before and he knew that those were normal occurrences. After all, werewolves are promiscuous with both males and females having needs, and giving in to their urges, but the idea of Cornelia being the subject of such talks was making him nauseated. 
And then Cornelia passed by James again with Mindy and he looked helplessly as two women stood between Mike and Theo and then Cornelia walked with the guys, leaving Mindy behind to wave from the door. 
Cornelia now had a small backpack, obviously with a change of clothes, but James couldn't focus on anything other than the fact that Cornelia was about to leave with two men, both set on seducing her. 
Cornelia was not smiling at them, but she didn't push them away either. James panicked. What if they succeed? What if they force her? She was so small and fragile compared to those two bulky guys! 
Without thinking, James found himself at the door, next to Mindy. 
"Where are they going?", James asked without removing his gaze from Cornelia who was about to sit in the back of a car with Mike holding the door for her. Mike and Theo had friendly smiles on, but James knew how those were masks of predators stalking their prey, and their prey was Cornelia! 
"To the human city.", Mindy responded. "It's up to Theo and Mike to decide where exactly because Cornelia is new to the area." Mindy shot a side-glance at James. "They are good guys. She will be fine." 
'Good guys!? How can she be fine!?', James raged when Mike closed the door and he and Theo exchanged smug smiles before moving to get into the front of the car themselves. 
Graphic images of Cornelia with Mike and Theo flashed in James' mind, and he saw red. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 520 James’ realization (2) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 520 James' realization (2) [Bonus chapter]
"What the…?", Mike's curse was cut short when someone grabbed his arm and yanked him out of the car before he could start the engine. They were in front of the packhouse, so Mike's guard was down, and he didn't expect it. 
"Stay there!", James ordered Mike, who found himself stupefied by the fierceness of the teen in front of him. Mike recognized James, and even though there was no Alpha aura, James' physical strength was surprising. 
James swiftly opened the back door to say to Cornelia, "Come out." 
Cornelia didn't move a muscle as she tried to process what happened. 
Cornelia saw James standing in the lounge area, and then at the door next to Marcy, and Cornelia did her best to ignore his presence. Even without looking, she could feel the pull and she suppressed the urge to go to him, believing that her emotions will stabilize once they put some distance between them. 
Cornelia didn't expect that James will dash to the car so quickly that there were afterimages behind him, and then he violently pulled Mike out of the car. What was that about? And now he wanted her to come out? 
James grit his teeth when he realized that Cornelia was not moving. He leaned so that his head was inside the car, and he could see her. "Can you get out? Please." 
Cornelia scooted further away from him. "Why? Are you going to attack me also?" She could freeze him with a thought, but Cornelia didn't want to harm him. 
James cursed under his breath. "I did it for you. Now can you get out so we can talk?" 
Cornelia didn't believe him. He attacked one of the men who was supposed to escort her, for her? And she was confident that they didn't have anything to talk about. She shook her head, refusing to comply. 
James was irritated. Why was she so stubborn? And just like that, he sat in the back seat next to Cornelia and closed the door behind him. 
"You, get out.", James ordered Theo who was sitting in the front passenger's seat. "I want to talk to Cornelia in private." 
'And close the door when you exit the car.', Maya's voice sounded in Theo's mind. 
Maya was watching this from the window on the second floor of the packhouse. 
Maya is one of the believers that Talia has a matchmaking ability, so when Mindy asked her for help with James and Cornelia, Maya didn't refuse. She was curious if Talia's power will reach someone who is only sixteen years old (aka James), so after the meeting with Marcy, Maya lingered in the hallway, in front of the open window that provided a good view of the driveway in front of the packhouse. 
At first, Maya didn't understand why Mindy requested two handsome soldiers to escort Cornelia, and what was that with required dirty talk before they leave the packhouse? But now Maya wanted to congratulate Mindy on her plan to use James' possessiveness to trigger him. Once Mindy joins the pack officially, having such a sharp (and slightly twisted) mind will definitely come in handy and Maya hoped that Mindy will accept to be Talia's ranked member. 
And this officially became another notch on Talia's post for matched mates! 
Maya's eyes sparkled as she was imagining the advertising campaign. They will call it, "Talia's Cupid services" and have Valentine's and New Year's specials. They will make a fortune! 
In the car… 
Cornelia wanted to get away from James, yet she ended up confined with him in a tight space. She glanced at the door behind her while trying to figure out how to open it, but there were several buttons and notches, and she didn't know which one will allow her to get out. 
James frowned at the sight of Cornelia who was leaning away from him, how much the car allowed. And why was her hand moving over the door? Was she trying to give him a slip? 
"I won't harm you.", James said. "I heard them talking about seducing you and…" 
"Should I thank you?", Cornelia interrupted him. "You ruined my day. Who knows if they will be willing to escort me now?" And getting replacements will probably take time. 
James couldn't believe this. Was she still willing to go with those two? But her hand moved away from the door, and that was a good thing. 
"Didn't you hear what I said?", he asked. 
Cornelia closed her eyes and exhaled slowly to calm down. He was too close, and it was messing with her mind. But she couldn't give in to the pull, not when he didn't feel it. 
"I heard you.", she said. "Do you think I can't take care of myself?" 
"It's two of them, and only one you." 
Cornelia made a face. "Why do you care?" 
"Because…", James paused. Why did he care? "Because I feel a knot in my chest at the thought of you going with them." 
Cornelia snorted. She had no intention of finding herself random guys as romantic companions, but James' behavior rubbed her the wrong way. "You don't want me, but no one else can have me either. If I knew it will end up like this, I wouldn't say anything last night." 
"Cora…" 
"Don't call me like that!", Cornelia snapped. She was irritated but mostly sad. She could feel the bond, and her emotions were not reciprocated, and it was killing her on the inside. 
"Even if you didn't say anything, I would still feel it." 
Cornelia's eyes widened. "Feel, what?" 
"This…", James said and reached to hold her hand into his. "A need to be close to you, and not to share you. I don't want you to be with anyone else because I want you to be with me." 
He scooted closer to her and put his other hand over Cornelia's. He was slightly disappointed that her hand was slack between his, but at least she didn't pull it away. 
"I don't feel the bond, but I feel other things.", James said. "Last night, I couldn't sleep because you were racing in my mind. That never happened before. During breakfast, I fought against my urge to sit by your side and when I heard those two guys saying how you are easy on the eyes and they wanted to seduce you, I lost it. Werewolves are this protective only when they meet their mates." 
Cornelia looked at her hand that was sandwiched between James'. "Are you saying that you believe me?" 
"I just met you, there is absolutely no logic in me believing what you said.", James responded without missing a beat. "But I believe what I feel, and something inside me is urging me to be with you. Will you let me?" 
"Let you do what?", Cornelia asked cautiously. 
James paused. What the hell was he supposed to say? That he was turned on by just sitting next to Cornelia and holding her hand? He really wanted to rip her clothes off and pounce on her, but there was no way he would say that or act on it. It wouldn't end well. 
Ah! Normally, he would come up with several great ideas and a few backup ones within a second, yet now his mind was full of Cornelia and the feeling of her soft hand in his, and there was nothing else. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 521 James’ realization (3)
Chapter 521 James' realization (3)
After what seemed like an eternity, James came up with something that seemed acceptable to say for Cornelia to hear. "How about we start with spending the day together and see where it goes?" 
Cornelia's heart skipped a beat. Not because of what he said, but how he said it. She could feel that he meant it. He really wanted to be with her, and that made her happy. 
"Don't you have things to do with Alpha Damon?" 
James was pleasantly surprised by Cornelia's question. The fact that she knew this, meant she was paying attention to him. 
"I do. I should be done in about an hour. Will you wait with me?" 
"WITH you?" 
James confirmed. "My sister will make a public statement, and after that I'm free. Will you wait with me? When that's over, we can go wherever you want." 
'Wherever she wants?', Cornelia wondered. She had no idea other than... "Can we go to the aquarium?" 
James frowned a bit. He didn't want to admit it, but he couldn't lie, "That's in the human city and I don't have a driver's license." 
"You don't have a license?", Cornelia repeated thoughtfully. She was not familiar with that concept. "How would you go with your friends to the human city?" 
James felt heat creeping up his neck from embarrassment, but he pushed through it to answer, "Zack and Erik are older than I am, and they have licenses. I will have mine in about one month, and I don't want to ask anyone to give us a ride." He really wanted to be with Cornelia, just the two of them. "We can do whatever you want, as long it's something nearby." 
Cornelia asked because she didn't know, and now she realized that his age was a tricky topic. Was it because he was too young to feel the bond? 
Her heart was racing as the pull toward James intensified with every breath she took, and he was right there, holding her hand, and wanting to be with her. 
Cornelia scrambled her mind to come up with something they could do but the truth was that she didn't know what humans or werewolves do to pass time, and she was not sure if activities from her realm would be appropriate. 
Cornelia remembered her last night's outing and where she saw people having fun. "There is a sweet shop in the town square with colorful cookies, and there is a restaurant, or maybe we can go swimming in the lake?" 
James was not sure about swimming because that meant everyone will get to see Cornelia's gorgeous body no matter how much her swimsuit covered, but maybe he could ask Alpha Damon about some private swimming spots. The rest was totally acceptable. 
James' lips lifted into a smile. "It seems we have a plan." 
His insides jolted when he felt a slight movement of Cornelia's fingers as they tightened around the edge of his hand. She was not just allowing him to hold her hand, but she was holding him back! Somehow, that was better than any intimacy he experienced so far. 
James pushed those thoughts away because he didn't want to dirty this moment with his chocolate-colored beauty. He was a bundle of nerves, and he feared that he will make an ass of himself. 
"Is this where we will wait until your sister makes her statement?", Cornelia asked. 
James realized that sitting in a car probably won't do. "Do you want us to go for a walk, or garden, or…" He swallowed hard. "My room?" 
Cornelia was not sure, but she didn't want to be confined in a room, or in a garden where they could have an audience, so… "A walk sounds nice." 
Reluctantly, James let go of Cornelia's hand, and he was quick to exit the car and circle it to open the door for Cornelia. 
He offered her his hand, palm up, the same one that was aching to feel hers again, and when she put her hand into his, James gave it a squeeze and didn't let go. Somehow, her hand in his felt right. 
"Which way?", James asked, and Cornelia gestured randomly toward the forest. She really wanted to remove her shoes and walk barefoot. 
"Does this mean our plans for the day are off?", Petra's voice sounded from the door of the packhouse. 
James froze like a child caught doing mischief and he turned toward Petra in slow motion. Why were Zack and Erik there also? 
"Yes. Sorry. Please, go on without me." 
"No need to apologize.", Petra responded. 
"Keep your phone on!", Maya shouted from the window on the second floor. "We will message you when it's time to come back." 
James looked up to see that Maya was there with Caden, Talia, and Damon now, and at the stairs leading to the main entrance of the packhouse were not only Petra, Erik, and Zack, but also Mindy, Gideon, Theo, and Mike, all of them looking at James and Cornelia with knowing smiles. 
It took James a second to realize that they set him up. Damn! He walked right into it! But he was not angry. Somehow, for the first time in his life, James felt that there are people interested in his well-being, not as the future Alpha, but as James, a kid who was about to make a mistake. Can he dare to think of them as his friends? 
"Thank you.", James said sincerely, and he hoped they will know that his thanks was for much more than just Maya's promised reminder. 
James tugged Cornelia's hand so that they start walking. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
On the second floor of the packhouse… 
"What did we miss?", Talia asked while craning her neck to see James and Cornelia disappearing behind bushes. 
Talia and Damon came out of the study in time to hear Maya shouting that she will give a call to someone, so they came to investigate. 
Maya turned to Talia and looked at her with sparkles in her eyes. 
"Talia's Cupid services!", Maya exclaimed. 
Talia didn't get it. "What?" 
"You don't like it?" Maya pursed her lips and her eyes lit up with another idea. "Malia. It's a play on mate and Talia to make Malia or Melia. Which one do you like better? I prefer Malia." 
Talia really didn't know what to think of this. "Slow down and tell me what's going on first." 
"Another mated couple!", Maya said victoriously and tilted her head toward the window. 
"You mean… Cornelia and James?", Talia asked with surprise evident in her voice. She saw them holding hands, but mates? "How is that possible? He is underage." 
Maya bobbed her head. "Everything is possible with Malia. Satisfaction is guaranteed within forty-eight hours or your money back. Malia delivers." 
Caden stifled a laugh. "That's pretty good. You should write it down." 
"You think so?", Maya asked enthusiastically. "I will get more ideas from Mindy and Kalina and we should create a logo and slogan and trademark it and…" 
Talia turned to look at Damon helplessly while ignoring Maya's chatter. 
"You are amazing.", Damon said dotingly. 
Talia blinked. "You don't believe that nonsense how I can bring mates together. Or do you?" 
Damon laughed and gave Talia a smacking kiss on the lips before scooping her in his arms and carrying her upstairs. 
Talia didn't resist. She wrapped her arms around Damon's neck and leaned on him to enjoy the carrying service he provided. 
They had more than half an hour until they needed to get back to work mode, and both Damon and Talia wanted to cuddle. 
Caden frowned and he was about to call after Damon to come back, but Maya grabbed his arm and gave him a squeeze with, "Let them go. We have so many things going on, that it's rare to see the two of them relaxed and just happy." 
Caden snorted, but he knew that Maya was right. 
Since Talia came to the packhouse it was one thing after another, and Damon and Talia went to a secluded cabin to enjoy three days only to end up with dark magic possessing Damon and a boatload of unknowns. But they knew that Marcy will make her public statement in less than an hour and that Alpha Edward will retaliate. 
"Let's do our part.", Caden said. "We need to reinforce patrols at borders and to contact our spies and informants to keep their eyes and ears open for any signs of trouble." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 522 James’ realization (4)
Chapter 522 James' realization (4)
James and Cornelia returned to the packhouse, and they could hear the commotion from the living room where cameras were being set up and there were several people checking the lights and making sure that the background for Marcy's upcoming public statement was perfect. 
James looked at his hand that held Cornelia's and he didn't want to let go, but he knew that it could be troublesome if Marcy sees them like that. In just a bit, Marcy will be harmless, but until then, they all needed to stay vigilant. 
The last hour passed like a flash. James and Cornelia walked in silence through the forest until they found a fluffy patch of grass and they decided to sit there. 
James asked Cornelia to tell him something about herself, and he was surprised to hear that she came from a different realm and that she is a witch. 
"Is that why you can feel the bond?", he asked. 
"We feel the energies and use them for our benefit. Your kind calls that magic, but we call it living as one with nature. If you pay attention, you will feel it. It's all around us, and trying to communicate." 
He smiled a little. "What do those magical energies tell you about me?" 
Cornelia felt her cheeks heating. "To get closer." 
Her breath caught in her throat when his hand that was holding hers moved and their fingers interlaced. It was just holding hands, such a simple gesture, but his fingers reached all the way to the point where hers connected, and that small movement of his thumb at the back of her palm was so intimate that she felt more exposed than if she was completely naked. 
"Is this enough, or do you want us closer?", he asked. 
She had a feeling that he knew the answer, but she didn't want to say it. "This is fine." For now. 
"Tell me about your realm.", James demanded. He was genuinely curious. 
"What do you want to know?" 
"Everything. I want to know where you lived so far and how you normally spend your days." He swallowed hard, and forced himself to ask, "Do you have a man there?" 
Cornelia shook her head. "There are no men." 
He noticed she used the plural. "Not even one?" 
"No. In my realm, after the portal was sealed, only females remained, if you don't count the animals." 
James was elated to find out that it's not that Cornelia didn't have a guy there, but there were no men at all! Her response also contained other intriguing information. "If the portal was sealed, how did you get here?" 
"Alpha Talia opened it.", Cornelia responded, and she wondered if Talia opening the portal was a secret. Why was she blabbering whatever came to her mind? But talking to James felt natural and she had difficulty keeping her guard up, so she warned him, "You can keep that as a secret, right?" 
"Of course", James assured her, but more than opening the portal stuff, he picked up another interesting bit. "Alpha Talia?" 
"Is it wrong to call her like that? Others are doing it." 
"Who are others?" 
"People in the Midnight Guardians pack." 
James wondered if he misunderstood. "Are you saying that Talia is the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack?" 
"Axel is acting as an Alpha when she is not there, but…", her voice trailed when she realized that James's mouth was half-open in surprise. "I guess I should stop talking now." She didn't know that was a big deal. Was that another secret? But everyone was talking about it openly there, and Cornelia didn't think it was a big deal. 
James needed a few long seconds to process this information. He knew that the timid girl by Alpha Damon's side was more than it meets the eyes, but he would never dream that she was the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack! What happened with Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia? Even if they were unable to lead, or thought of retiring, Axel should take over, but now Cornelia told him that Axel was only Talia's proxy. How did Talia manage to become an Alpha? 
James wanted to ask more questions, but he noticed Cornelia's troubled expression and he cursed internally. Why did he allow his greed for information to take over? 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
James touched Cornelia's chin, to make her look at him. "Cora, don't ever stop talking. I want to hear whatever you are willing to say and don't worry that you said too much. Your secrets are safe with me." 
Her lips lifted into a dazzling smile in slow motion and then she told him about her Coven and how they are living there, and time passed like someone put it on fast forward, and then he got a call from Maya and here they were, in the packhouse, and James didn't want to let go of Cornelia's hand. 
James glanced toward the living room. "My sister will be there any minute, and I need to get to work. It shouldn't take more than a few minutes. Ten, at most." 
He lifted his hand that was holding Cornelia's and planted a kiss on the back of her palm. 
His lips rested there as he closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Now that her knuckles were touching his nose, he could clearly pick up her sweet and mysterious scent, like sensual wild berries and his wolf stirred again. When they were in the forest, it was faint and it mixed with other scents of the forest and wildflowers, but now he sensed it clearly. 
James' eyes snapped open to meet Cornelia's that were staring at him. He knew that she was not breathing, and he held his breath as well because more than just attraction and accepting their closeness as something natural, that specific scent confirmed his suspicion (or maybe his hope) that Cornelia was his mate. 
What will he do with that information? Can he take her home and risk her being bullied or mistreated because she doesn't have a wolf? Forget about not having a wolf, his father will go ballistic! 
Alpha Edward didn't try to matchmake James so far, but James knew that his father had plans, and if James brings Cornelia home, she will be either treated like a not-important girlfriend or chased away because Alpha Edward won't allow James to be in a serious relationship with a female who won't bring them benefits. 
And what will happen if people find out that Cornelia is a witch? Even James was not sure what it meant. 
But… could James return to the Red Moon pack and leave Cornelia behind? 
James decided to push those thoughts for later. First, he needed to deal with Marcy and then he will spend the day with Cornelia, and everything else will come later because he needed time to think things through and figure out something that will work, for both of them. 
"Wait for me, Cora.", he spoke against her skin, and then he kissed her there again. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 523 Marcy’s farewell (1)
Chapter 523 Marcy's farewell (1)
Marcy was sitting on the sofa and facing the camera while delivering the speech that James prepared for her. She knew it was streamed live, and that thousands of people were watching her. Marcy could ignore that online audience; however, she was painfully aware of the people in the room. 
On the other side of the camera were Damon, Talia, James, Maya, Caden, Dawn, and George. 
Another person sitting there was Calvin, a reporter from WW Magazine who lives in Darkbourne. Maya called him that same morning, and he couldn't believe that he got this opportunity. Maya told him that the princess of the Red Moon pack will make a public statement, and when she was done, he will get a chance to ask questions. 
Calvin was confident that this will be Marcy's announcement of becoming the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack and he wondered why they didn't make a bigger deal out of it, but it was not his place to be nitpicky about it. Considering that he was the only journalist present, Calvin was confident that this story will earn him a promotion. 
What Calvin didn't expect was that Marcy will talk about following her parents' wishes to come to the Dark Howlers pack, and how she realized that as much as this was a fantastic place, her heart was in Europe, and she craved to explore the world. She didn't mention becoming Damon's Luna or her companions who came with her. 
Marcy ended with a tearful, "I apologize if my selfish decision hurt anyone, but I believe that it's better to do this now than to endure and end up causing more harm in the long run. I am grateful for the patience and understanding Alpha Damon showed, and I hope that my parents will forgive me. Thank you." 
Calvin gaped at Marcy. This was totally unexpected. Only when Maya's voice sounded in Calvin's head, he snapped out of his daze and cleared his throat to speak, "Miss Redmayne, may I ask you a few questions?" 
Marcy wiped the corners of her eyes with her fingers. "Go ahead." 
Calvin moved to sit next to Marcy, and into the view of the camera before introducing himself, "I am Calvin, a reporter for WW Magazine. I am delighted to get a chance to talk to Miss Redmayne in front of everyone while this is still fresh, and you can read about this and much more in the next edition of WW Magazine." He turned to Marcy, "You said that you hope your parents will forgive you. Does that mean they don't approve of your decision to travel?" 
Marcy smiled sadly. "I know that they want what's best for me, and they believe I will be happy in the Dark Howlers pack. I wanted to give it a shot, but after spending a few days here, I confirmed that my heart is elsewhere." 
Calvin nodded in understanding. She didn't say, yes, but her words definitely confirmed that her parents won't approve. 
"What does Alpha Damon say about this?" 
Marcy gestured toward Damon who was standing on the other side of the camera with his hands in his pant pockets. "You can ask him. But I will tell you that he surprised me with how considerate he was. He is an amazing Alpha who puts his people first, and even though I am not a member of his pack, he was magnanimous to provide his support. For that, I will be forever grateful." 
Calvin licked his lips before asking, "I am sure you are aware of the rumors that you were set to become the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Can you comment on that?" 
"Those are just rumors.", Marcy said. "Since I came from Europe two months ago, I was in contact with Alpha Damon. I got to know the man beyond that handsome visual, and I can tell you that I am impressed. However, my admiration for him is as an Alpha and I appreciate him as my friend. There is nothing more between us." 
Calvin's eyebrow rose in obvious disbelief. He would rather believe that stories like Snowhite and Cinderella are real compared to Alpha Damon being just a friend with an attractive woman. But Alpha Damon was right there, and Calvin didn't dare to point out that absurdity, confident that everyone who heard anything about Alpha Damon knew better. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"So, what are your plans now?", Calvin asked Marcy. 
"Alpha Damon is generous, but I have a feeling that I overstayed my welcome. I will leave Darkbourne shortly. My flight is tonight." She turned to look at the camera. "Again, I apologize if I disappointed anyone, but I have only one life and I choose to do what feels right." 
"Thank you, Miss Redmayne.", Calvin said. "Will you be available to answer a few more questions offline?" 
"Of course." 
Calvin turned toward the camera, "The next edition of WW Magazine will feature an exclusive interview with Miss Marcy Redmayne." Calvin didn't check with his editor, but he was confident that it will happen because this was huge! 
With that, the live feed ended. 
"That was great!", Maya said and gave Marcy a thumbs up before turning to Calvin. "You can ask your questions now, but try to keep it short. Miss Redmayne needs to pack." 
Calvin looked around. "Future Alpha James, will you be willing to answer a few questions after I talk to Miss Redmayne?" 
"Sure.", James responded stiffly and glanced at the time, silently telling the reporter to hurry up. Cornelia was waiting for him, and he promised that it won't be more than ten minutes! 
Calvin didn't know that this was a setup. Per James' instructions, the fewer people knew what actually happened here, the better. 
Caden was checking trending topics online, and he could see that chatter about Marcy's statement was climbing to the top as netizens were buzzing with gossip related to Marcy being removed from the list of candidates to be Damon's future Luna. It all went as expected. 
The next step was dealing with Alpha Edward. James and George were ready to answer their phones, as Marcy's phone was unreachable. 
Damon's expression was stern, but Talia could feel that his emotions were unstable. 
Other than anticipating the aftermath of Marcy's statement, there was the lingering fear of the black runes flaring again and Damon forgetting about Talia, and maybe he forgets about some other things also. Damon didn't want to go back to that person who didn't care about his mate, he didn't want to risk hurting Talia again. Yes, she knew that he couldn't remember, but Damon didn't see that as a valid excuse. Wouldn't that justify the drunkard's rampage just because he was under the influence of alcohol? 
The uncertainty impacted both Talia and Damon, making them extra clingy. 
Talia wanted to give him a hug, but James warned them to refrain from physical intimacy until Calvin leaves. This was staged so that it looks like Marcy's idea, and if outsiders see that Damon was cozy with another woman while Marcy was giving her farewell speech, it might appear that Marcy was forced. Of course, in a matter of days, everyone will know that Damon found his Luna and it was not Marcy, but this show should be enough to sway people so that Alpha Edward doesn't get support in attacking Damon. 
'Are you OK?', Talia asked Damon through their private mind-link. 
Damon pinched the roof of his nose. 'I want to be done with this.' 
'Let's go on a vacation when this is over.' 
Damon turned to look at Talia and he smiled. 'That sounds great, but if I pass out again, don't call Axel.' He regretted that they couldn't go away right that instant, but for now, he wanted to hold Talia. 'Let's go to the study.' Damon didn't want to linger and risk Calvin requesting an interview. Marcy and James knew what to say, and Damon could watch all that through the security video feed. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 524 Marcy’s farewell (2)
Chapter 524 Marcy's farewell (2)
Marcy answered Calvin's question and she hoped he won't notice that her insides were churning. 
Would she be in this position if she had a choice? Absolutely not! 
If things didn't take the wrong turn, Marcy would be giving this interview with Damon by her side. She would be holding onto his firm arm and proudly talking about her future as the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. But things didn't work out as expected and she was lying about how she was not attracted to Damon, the position of his Luna, or Damon's riches, because she preferred traveling. What a joke! 
Marcy was glad that this was not recorded, and on a few occasions when her expression cracked, Marcy covered it up as emotional instability because she feared how her parents will react to this. 
As soon as Calvin's attention moved to James, Marcy headed to the study to meet with Damon. All this was humiliating, and she wanted to be done with it. 
Marcy entered the study, and her expression froze at the sight of Talia who was sitting on Damon's lap. Damon's lips were resting on Talia's forehead and other than Damon's hand slowly raking through Talia's hair, they didn't move. Did they need to be lovey-dovey? 
A mental image flashed in Marcy's mind, showing George and Dawn holding hands and feeding each other, and Marcy wondered if George would hold her like that and feed her if she didn't reject him. A moment later, Marcy pushed that thought away. There was no point in crying over spilt milk. 
Talia didn't look toward the door, but both Talia and Damon knew who was there. 
'I should get up.', Talia spoke to Damon through their private mind-link. Before Marcy arrived, they were holding each other and watching the security feed that showed what was happening in the living room. 
'No. Stay here.' Damon's left arm tightened around her. 
He didn't say more, but Talia knew that with every passing minute Damon's anxiety about forgetting what was important was rising. If this was Cassandra, the potion would wear off hours ago, but here was Damon, remembering everything, and fearing that it might all be gone in a second. Talia had similar fears as well, so she didn't , and she leaned on him in a gesture of assuring him that he was not alone in this. 
Marcy took a moment to compose herself and move to sit on a chair opposite Damon. 
"I did my part.", Marcy said while trying to ignore Talia's presence. "It's your turn." 
Damon reached into the drawer of his desk and got a folder that he pushed toward Marcy. "Here are your new ID, birth certificate, and a high school diploma. You will also find some background information on your new identity, and a cell phone. My warriors will take you outside of the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. You can pick one of the three cities listed on the first page as your final destination. After that, you will be on your own. You should know that it's in everyone's interest that you stay under the radar. Keep an eye on the news about the Red Moon pack. When James takes over, you can return, but that's something you should discuss with your brother." 
"I know, I know", Marcy mumbled while checking the contents of the folder. When she was done, she looked up at Damon. "Is this all?" 
"Should there be something else?" 
"I was expecting at least one credit card." And there was no cash in there either. Marcy already gave her wallet and cell phone to Maya which left her without access to money. Sure, Marcy had had her designer's clothes and jewelry, but she didn't want to part with those unless necessary. Besides, how much money can she get by selling them as second-hand items? 
"I don't remember promising you any money.", Damon said flatly. 
Marcy gaped at him. "What?" 
"Our deal included a different identity. The cell phone is extra.", Damon said and gestured toward the folder Marcy was holding onto. 
Marcy's lips twitched as images of her grim future flashed in her mind. 
"You are kidding.", Marcy said. "Who cares about identity or a phone if I'm broke? How will I eat? Where will I live?" 
"Those are not my problems, Miss Dorsey.", Damon said, and Marcy cringed at the sound of that unfamiliar last name that should be hers going forward. Kim Dorsey. Such a plain name, like someone mixed a donkey and a horse, Marcy thought. 
Marcy's ears perked up when Damon continued, "You want money? That's possible under one condition." 
Marcy had a bad feeling about this, but she still asked, "What condition?" 
Damon glanced at Talia. "Talia is the lady of this house, and she manages finances. If you convince her to give you money, I won't ." 
Marcy made a face like she ate a fly. Was she supposed to ask Talia for money? 
Marcy hated that Talia was Damon's mate, and she hated that Talia will be Damon's Luna, and she hated the most that Talia was sitting on Damon's lap like it was a totally normal thing. Talia will get to enjoy Damon's care and protection, and even his money, while Marcy gets to leave as penniless Kim Dorsey. 
But even with all that, Marcy swallowed her grievances and asked Talia, "What do I need to do in order to get money?" 
"Nothing.", Talia responded. 
Talia knew that this was Damon's way of allowing her to get revenge on Marcy, but Talia had no interest in that. Talia wanted Marcy out of their lives. Marcy was Talia's bully at the Red Moon pack, and Marcy continued the same when she came here to steal Damon. How Talia saw this, Marcy had taken their peace, and that was already too much. 
"You came here with an intention to be Damon's Luna. I told you, more than once, that we are mates, but you acted like that was not important." 
"Yeah, so?" 
Talia couldn't believe that Marcy would act like that was not important. "A mate for our kind is the most important thing. There is a reason why Alphas wait for their fated mates." 
Marcy rolled her eyes. "I'm sure you would think otherwise if your father was breathing down your neck." 
Talia's brows came together in a frown. "That is your father. If he was forcing you to do something against your will, you should have retaliated, and if you can't do it yourself, seek help. By coming here and doing what you did, you messed up not only with my and Damon's lives but the whole Dark Howlers pack. Do you think that your happiness comes before everyone else's?" 
"But my father…" 
"Stop!", Talia snapped, and she scooted out of Damon's lap to stand and face Marcy. She had a serious point to make and sitting on his lap was not helping. 
"Stop blaming others for your shortcomings, Marcy. You came here to be a Luna. Is this how a Luna acts in the face of a challenge? She shifts blame? Be responsible for what you did!" 
Marcy threw her hands in the air. "Fine! Do you want me to beg? Kneel? A public apology? Tell me what you want, I will do it, you will give me the money, and we will be done with this." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 525 Marcy’s farewell (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 525 Marcy's farewell (3) [Bonus chapter]
Talia couldn't believe Marcy's laid-back attitude. "Do you think this is a game?" 
Marcy shrugged, indicating that she doesn't care. "I lost everything. A bit of groveling won't make a difference." 
"As long as you get what you want, right?" 
"Right.", Marcy confirmed. "So, tell me what you want." 
"I want you out of here." 
"Not without my money." 
Talia was shocked by how brazen Marcy was. "YOUR money? Why do you think that you are entitled to any money? You should be happy that we are letting you walk out of here unscathed. If Damon didn't make that deal with you, you would end up in a dungeon." With other women who were shamelessly going after him. 
Marcy made a face. "It's easy for you to talk when Damon is backing you up." 
Talia's anger surged. How dares Marcy bring up Damon casually without using his title? Did she forget that Talia could easily suppress her? 
"It is ALPHA Damon to you!" 
Marcy groaned as the air around her became heavy, pressing on her from all sides. 
Talia moved around the table to stand in front of it so that there was nothing between her and Marcy. "Do you think I'm relying on Damon?" 
Marcy's body was bent downwards, and if she was not sitting on a chair, she would definitely be on her knees. 
Marcy lifted her head to see Talia standing with her arms crossed over her chest, with confidence that Marcy wished to erase. But the most shocking were Talia's eyes. They were glowing in a silvery light. 
"You are a witch…", Marcy said in a strained voice. 
Talia had a feeling that this was more than just an insult. The horror in Marcy's expression was real, like she knew something. Something important. 
"What did you say?", it was Damon who asked. 
Marcy clutched her chest and laughed like a crazy person. "Now I know why you chose her over me. All that talk about mates and doing the right thing, but you are no better than the others. It's all about power." 
"What do you mean?", Talia asked. 
Marcy looked at Talia smugly even though her whole body was in pain. "Why would I tell you anything?" 
Talia's eyes flashed with irritation. "TELL ME!", Talia's Alpha command echoed in the study and Marcy's head fell down in submission. 
"Your eyes are a sign of powers.", Marcy spoke against her will. "Your kind is used for breeding. Children with mixed blood have a chance to be born with a wolf and with the power of witches." 
Talia's stomach sank. Breeding? Was that why the portal toward witches was closed? How many other people were involved in that sick scheme? Was that why the Midnight Guardians pack held their location a secret? Was that why she ended up in the Red Moon pack? Did they plan to use her for some twisted breeding in the hope to create powerful offspring? Was that why her parents gave her away? 
Talia was nauseated and the whole room was spinning. 
Talia turned back to seek Damon, but he was not in the chair anymore. A moment later, Talia felt his arm moving behind her, and his hand landed on her shoulder firmly, pulling her into him, and then she found herself in his firm embrace that anchored her so that her turbulent emotions don't take over. 
"What else?", Damon asked Marcy. "Tell us everything!" 
"That's all I know.", Marcy responded. "I was a child when my grandfather told me…" Her voice trailed when Damon's frown deepened. She swallowed hard and quickly added, "I thought those were just stories my grandfather made up to entertain me. Witches were wicked and evil, and they attacked our kind so we created artifacts that can suppress witches' powers in order to subdue them, and that's it. He kept notes, journals. Maybe there you can find more." 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Marcy. "Where are those notes?" 
"I don't know. My father never cared about legacy because he was too focused on creating his own. If they were not destroyed, they are in some box, forgotten." 
'I don't trust her.', Talia spoke in Damon's mind. 
'She can't lie under Alpha command.', Damon said. 
'That doesn't mean she knows the truth. Alpha Edward might be part of that and who knows who else. We need to find those journals.' 
Talia's mind was in turmoil. What if she was not the only one? What if there were more children or grownups used for those sick experiments? Is that why the Red Moon pack was taking in orphans in big numbers, to conceal what they were actually doing with people who had powers? And what if some of those orphans were not really orphans but were the results of those breeding experiments? 
'We will do it together.', Damon responded and cursed under his breath. They had another problem. 'Marcy knows too much, we can't let her go.' Marcy was vindictive and dangerous, and she would sell them out in a heartbeat if she could get any benefits out of it. 
Talia didn't want to be anywhere near Marcy but killing her didn't sound good either. 
'The potion!', Liseli sounded in Talia's mind. 
'What potion?', Talia asked. 
'The one Axel gave you for Cassandra. It causes short-term memory loss.' 
Talia's eyes lit up. "Keep an eye on her!", she told Damon and dashed out of the study. She still had that concoction and now it will come in handy. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia injected Marcy with a greenish liquid, and told her, "You will go to the shelter in the Blue River pack and stay there until you become self-sufficient, or until your brother becomes the Alpha of the Red Moon pack. You need to hide from your father because you disobeyed him and if he finds out that you came to the Dark Howlers pack to be Damon's Luna with your mate by your side, your father won't show mercy. That is why Damon provided you with a fake identity." 
Marcy nodded robotically and she stood up. 
"Where are you going?", Talia asked. 
"To pack my things. I need to go to the shelter before my father sends his men here to search for me.", Marcy responded and turned to Damon. "Thank you for the new identity." 
And with that, Marcy was gone from the study. 
"Will that be enough?", Damon asked. Talia told him through their mind-link what the potion will do. 
Talia was not sure. "The potion will erase the last few minutes and make the last hour hazy. She probably won't remember all details from the online statement she made. By sending Marcy into a shelter, she won't be under our noses, and Max and Tanya can help us keep an eye on her. We will ask Marcy to get a haircut and maybe a different hair color on the way there." 
Damon hugged Talia. "You were kind considering what she did to you in the Red Moon pack." 
Talia let out a long breath. "I know that if I punished her without revealing my identity as the girl from the attic, it wouldn't have the desired effect. And if I told her, it would give me temporary relief, but it would expose me. It's not worth it. For a woman like Marcy, taking away the conveniences she had as the princess of the Red Moon pack is as bad as it gets." 
Talia looked up at Damon pleadingly. "We need to find out what Marcy's grandfather was doing with witches. I need to know if I was there accidentally or if that was part of some larger plan. I need to know if there are others." 
Damon couldn't deny her this, but... "If there are any records, they will be in the packhouse of the Red Moon pack, and right now I don't think Alpha Edward will be welcoming." 
"We should ask George and James to help us", Talia said. "Now that Cornelia is James' mate, I don't think he will let this pass. And Dawn will not stay put if she finds out about this." 
Damon felt pride swelling in his chest. His kitten already had a plan. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 526 Alpha Edward’s rage (1)
Chapter 526 Alpha Edward's rage (1)
~ the Red Moon pack ~ 
"What the hell is this!?", Alpha Edward raged at his Beta while gesturing at the screen of his computer. 
Alpha Edward was busy with paperwork and thinking about what good news Marcy will give him later that day, confident that it will be related to her becoming the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Everything Marcy told him in the last few days was positive and the only thing pending was to pinpoint the date of her Luna ceremony. Alpha Edward wanted it to happen as soon as possible, but he also didn't want to rush it because it takes time to organize a grand event, and Marcy becoming Damon's Luna was a grand occasion. 
Beta Raymond suddenly entered the study and interrupted Alpha Edward's pleasant thoughts by saying that there was something he needed to look at with urgency. 
While Raymond navigated to a website, Alpha Edward assumed it was related to rogues, or maybe some of their spies got exposed, but this… just what was this? Did he just watch a clip of Marcy saying how she would rather travel the world than be the Luna of the largest pack in North America? What nonsense was that? 
Alpha Edward called Marcy once, twice, but the damned automatic message told him that the phone was not in service. All his messages were stuck in the status 'pending', meaning that Marcy didn't receive them. 
Alpha Edward couldn't believe this. They spoke two hours ago! Marcy told him that things were under control and going great, and how was this great!? 
"This is a joke, right?", Alpha Edward asked his Beta. 
"I don't think so.", Raymond responded. "Online forums are on fire. They are talking about how Marcy is not in competition to be the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, and they are guessing who the next candidate with the highest chances is. Currently, it's a tie between Cassie from the Steelbite pack and Jade from…" 
"ENOUGH!", Alpha Edward roared. "There will be no Cassie or Jade or any other. That position belongs to Marcy. This is a lie. Someone made it up. Videos can be fabricated. A hacker disconnected her phone! I will call James and he will confirm how all this is nonsense. We invested years and it can't be gone just like that. It can't be." 
"James!", Alpha Edward exclaimed as soon as James picked up the call. "Did you see this fake video of Marcy saying how she doesn't want to be Damon's Luna?" 
"Father", James called solemnly, and Alpha Edward felt his stomach tightening into one giant, excruciating knot. 
"It's not fake." 
Alpha Edward saw red. "WHAT!? YOU KNOW WHY YOU WENT THERE! HOW COULD YOU ALLOW IT TO HAPPEN!?" 
"I didn't allow anything.", James was quick to say. "Do you think that Alpha Damon would sit and discuss this with me?" 
"So, Alpha Damon knew? Is he behind this? Did he force her?", Alpha Edward squeezed through his teeth. 
"Maybe. I mean… I'm not sure.", James said. "During breakfast, Marcy told us to postpone going to the training grounds because she had something to share with us. When we got to the living room, the reporter with a camera was already there. I don't know to what extent Alpha Damon was part of this, but how could a reporter get into the packhouse and live-stream a video without Alpha's approval? But at the same time, I can't see that Alpha Damon would allow all of us to stay in his packhouse and then pull the rug under Marcy's feet. That would be blatant disrespect and Alpha Damon wouldn't risk a war, not for a thing like this. If he wanted to get rid of Marcy, he would do it silently; strike a deal or something. Right?" 
"Right.", Alpha Edward was a bit calmer now. "How did Alpha Damon react to all that?" 
"His expression is always the same. I have no way of guessing what he was thinking." 
Alpha Edward exhaled in frustration. "Tell me about the situation there." 
"After her speech, Marcy gave an interview. I waited for that reporter to leave so I can talk to Marcy, but the reporter held me back and Marcy went to pack already. I think she is leaving for real." 
"If she leaves, you will be punished." 
James grit his teeth. "What can I do in a packhouse that is full of Alpha Damon's warriors? Do you want me to cause a scene and end up in a dungeon?" 
"YOU CAN'T LET HER LEAVE!", Alpha Edward roared. 
"And I can't force her to stay either.", James responded. "This is not our territory, and I don't want to risk things escalating. So far, Alpha Damon was accommodating, and I can assume that was the case because Marcy was set to be his Luna, but now that she broke up with him publicly, I don't want to test my luck by provoking him. The reporter just left, and I am heading to Marcy's room. I will see if I can talk some sense into her but don't hold your breath on it. If she has even a single functioning brain cell, she won't be coming home." 
Alpha Edward didn't like this. "Give her your phone, so we can track her through GPS." 
"What's wrong with her phone?" 
"It's offline.", Alpha Edward responded irritably. 
"If she turned off her phone, there is no way she will accept mine. And if Alpha Damon took it away, he will take mine as well. I will find out what her plans are and let you know as soon as I find out something useful. I suggest that you have our people ready to intercept her when she leaves the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. She was talking about Europe, so we should get someone to check if there is a plane ticket in her name and wait for her at the airport. There are two international airports nearby." James stopped talking and he wondered if his father's silence was a good thing or bad. "Can Beta Raymond work on suppressing the netizens? I saw that Marcy is trending online and…" 
"I will get him to deal with that.", Alpha Edward said curtly. 
Per Alpha Edward's opinion, James wouldn't dare to oppose him openly. Everything pointed to the possibility that Marcy was the one behind this. Why else would she be feeding him nonsense how everything was great, only to drop this bomb? 
"Was Alpha Damon planning to make any announcements or events for today?" 
"Not that I know of.", James responded. "He said that he will be training with us in the afternoon, and there was nothing special about dinner." 
"That bitch lied!", Alpha Edward cursed under his breath. Marcy told him that the whole day will be filled with her and Alpha Damon preparing to make a grand announcement and she even hinted at some party, only to give him this blow. He was deceived by his own daughter. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 527 Alpha Edward’s rage (2)
Chapter 527 Alpha Edward's rage (2)
"Father…", James called cautiously. "Should we return home right away? Now that Marcy is leaving, Alpha Damon might turn hostile." 
Alpha Edward thought for a moment before answering, "As long as Alpha Damon doesn't ask you to leave, stick to the current schedule. Stay there as long as circumstances allow, and keep me posted.", Alpha Edward ordered. "Do you understand?" 
"Yes, father.", James responded. How could he not understand? His father wanted him to act as a spy. "What about Nora?" 
Alpha Edward didn't want to think about her. "Alpha Damon will let her out eventually. Don't provoke him by asking about her." 
With that, Alpha Edward ended the call and hissed, "Damn it! That boy is useless!" 
"Maybe Commander George knows more.", Beta Raymond reminded Alpha Edward that someone else was there. "James is young, and they probably kept him out of the loop on purpose." 
Alpha Edward thought how that made sense. He kept James on the side for many things partially because he was keeping secrets, and partially because James was still too young. 
Alpha Edward called George next. To his irritation, George told him the same story as James which only reinforced Alpha Edward's opinion that Marcy tricked them all because James was too timid, and George was too loyal, so it must be Marcy. 
Alpha Edward tried calling Alpha Damon, but the line was busy, and it went to voicemail. "That bastard is avoiding me!" 
Nothing went his way, and his anger surged when he remembered that his wife went to meet with a tailor to make a dress for Marcy's Luna ceremony. "Layla! Get back home! We have an emergency!" 
"You mean, Marcy's statement how she wants to travel?", Luna Layla asked lightly. 
"So, you know. You are coming home, right?" 
"I'm almost done with fitting.", she grumbled. "Besides, do you need me? Don't you always handle those things without my involvement? Make Marcy apologize. She can say that she was drunk or joking and things will be back on track." 
Alpha Edward ended the call abruptly. Everyone was useless! 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
While Alpha Edward was raging, Beta Raymond got hold of Caden. "Alpha Damon's Beta says that their lines are busy with calls from reporters and many others who wanted to get the insider's info. It might take days before Alpha Damon starts answering regular calls." 
Alpha Edward cursed under his breath. 
"When I get my hands on Marcy, I will make her wish she was never born!", Alpha Edward shouted while throwing the pencil holder, the phone, and a few other items across the study. 
"Pardon me for speaking freely, Alpha. But I believe that Marcy is not smart to do this on her own.", Beta Raymond said solemnly. 
Alpha Edward turned to look at him in slow motion. "Are you saying that James and George lied?" Everyone was a suspect. Ah, if Nora was not in the dungeon, he would get Nora's side of the story. 
"I don't know about them, but that is the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. Someone from there knew what was going on, otherwise, the reporter wouldn't dare to be at the packhouse. We heard it from Marcy's speech, Alpha Damon was supportive, and she didn't seem to be forced to say those things. Marcy is timid and easily swayed, but she is not stupid." 
Alpha Edward rubbed his face forcibly. "Speak, Ray. Don't make me guess what you are thinking." 
"I believe that Alpha Damon gave Marcy something that was worth more than the position of his Luna." 
Alpha Edward grit his teeth while thinking about Raymond's words. It made sense. He was so consumed in his rage, that he neglected the obvious. 
"Alpha Damon didn't want to make Marcy his Luna when he was here, and he invited her there only so that he can continue the game on his own territory. He used something to persuade Marcy to cooperate, and they made a fool out of me.", Alpha Edward said solemnly before turning to his Beta. "I won't allow them to get away with this! Summon the Council of Alphas. I want a meeting as soon as possible. Tomorrow morning, at dawn." 
Beta Raymond's eyes widened in shock. "The Council of Alphas? There was no meeting in more than a decade. That's only for emergencies." And not just any emergency, but the epic ones where the society of werewolves is at risk. 
The glare Alpha Edward gave him made Raymond's knees shake and he quickly bowed his head. "I will start the process." 
The Council of Alphas consists of all active Alphas in North America, and the last time they met was when the Dark Howlers pack lost their Alpha, Luna, and Beta on the same day, and they were left with an underage heir (aka Damon). 
At that time, Alpha Edward and a few others wanted to vote on dividing the territory of the Dark Howlers pack so that they can assist Damon until he becomes of age and proves himself. Of course, he wouldn't get his power back, but the plan didn't work out when Alphas started bickering about who will get how much of Damon's current territory. In the end, Alphas voted that they won't interfere in Damon's ruling as the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. It appeared magnanimous, but the truth was that Alphas were confident that young Damon will mess up and they will get their chance to step in, believing it was easier to take a piece of land from an inexperienced youngster than from a seasoned Alpha. Damon proved them wrong. 
However, Alpha Edward was confident that this time will be different. 
Over the years, more and more Alphas were unsettled by the growth of the Dark Howlers pack. Damon's territory didn't expand much, but the numbers and strength did. 
The Dark Howlers pack is the only pack that can operate independently from other packs; they have a strong military and economy, and they are also involved in many dealings with humans because Damon is sponsoring promising youngsters to attend human schools which allows them to establish connections that no other pack has. But what makes them the most dangerous is their unity. 
When looking at Damon's reputation as a troublemaker, fighter, or a ladies' man, it's difficult to see him as a competent Alpha, but the truth is that members of the Dark Howlers pack believe in Alpha Damon and follow him willingly, and the good conditions his pack offers are making others migrate or seek refuge there. 
Many other Alphas fear that it's only a matter of time before the Dark Howlers pack absorbs their members completely. No one can be an Alpha without a pack. 
For this meeting with the Council of Alphas, Alpha Edward will make a case that Alpha Damon forced Marcy to leave, which is an abuse of his position and disrespect to the Red Moon pack, and he was confident he will have the necessary votes to sanction the Dark Howlers pack. 
Alpha Edward didn't have a solid story yet, but by the time of the meeting, he will fine-tune it and make it sound believable enough so that others can vote in his favor without feeling guilty about it. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 528 Marcy’s farewell (4)
Chapter 528 Marcy's farewell (4)
Author's note: 
Thank you, ErikaJ35, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 20, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~ 
Marcy followed after a warrior absentmindedly while staring blankly at her suitcase that the warrior was pulling by his side. 
Marcy's memories of the last few weeks were blurred, like she was drunk most of the time, and she had difficulty processing her current situation. Was she really going to a shelter with a fake identity? What did she do that she needed to hide like a criminal? 
Talia injected Marcy with a concoction that should make Marcy forget the last few minutes, and turn hazy one hour before that, but that was the expected effect on werewolves. Since Marcy's wolf was gone, the effect of drugs was much stronger. Marcy's memory of the last few weeks was messed up, but she remembered clearly what Talia told her before Marcy left the study to pack. 
Was she leaving the Dark Howlers pack just like that? Was her father after her? Did she make a public speech about how she wanted to travel the world instead of being Damon's Luna? Why would she do that? Why would she abandon the life filled with riches and comforts in order to live in some crappy shelter? And why would she defy her father when being with Damon worked in her favor? 
Marcy's attention got caught by the movement on the side and she saw George with Dawn by his side. 
Marcy blinked at the sight of George's imposing visual and his gentle smile that was directed at Dawn, and then Marcy remembered: George was her mate, and he was an Alpha. Surely, he could do something to help Marcy, so she doesn't go to a shelter. Only poor people without a place to stay go there. George wouldn't abandon his mate, even if he has a mistress on the side. 
"George!", Marcy called and dashed toward the man. "You need to help me!" 
George's steps halted to look at Marcy. "Excuse me?" 
Marcy's eyes darted toward Dawn and then back to George. "Can we talk in private?" She didn't want his mistress (aka Dawn) to overhear them. 
George refused. "I have no secrets in front of my mate." 
For a brief moment, Marcy thought he was talking about her, but then she saw that George pulled Dawn closer to him and a mental image flashed in Marcy's mind of George and Dawn sitting at the dining table and feeding each other. Of course, Marcy rejected George and he accepted it and he got his second chance mate while she got a shelter. Why did it all look like a dream? What about them sharing passionate moments? Were those dreams also? 
George shook his head at Marcy who stared at him blankly. 
"Since you have nothing to say, we are leaving.", George said. 
Marcy waved her hand to stop him from moving away. "Can you talk to my father and ask him not to punish me?" 
"Miss Marcy", George called in an official tone. "After what you've done, I'm not sure I can guarantee my safety, and I definitely can't guarantee yours." 
Marcy pressed her lips into a line. "So, you can enjoy with your mate, and I…" She couldn't say the word shelter aloud. "I know things. I know you are an Alpha…", Marcy stopped talking when George narrowed his eyes at her. 
"And if anyone else finds out about it, there will be no place for you to hide.", George said grimly. 
Marcy flinched but then she threw herself at George. "You can't abandon me like this!" 
Before she could touch George, Dawn stepped between them and… 
'SLAP!' 
A harsh slap reinforced by the Alpha aura landed on Marcy's cheek, propelling her backward until she fell on her butt. 
Marcy held her throbbing cheek and stared at Dawn in disbelief. Marcy knew that feeling; her father pressured her with his Alpha aura more than once, and she felt it from Talia as well but… Yes, Talia, the wretched assistant who pinned her to the sofa! 
Marcy couldn't wrap her head around the fact that Dawn had the Alpha aura. Was it because George marked her? But Alpha Edward marked his mate, and Luna Layla's aura was comparable to a Beta's. 
Did Dawn have the Alpha aura because George was stronger than Marcy's father, or was that related to being fated mates? Marcy's stomach sank. If she didn't reject George, she would have that aura now. 
"Is the wolf-less runaway girl causing you trouble on her way out?", Mindy asked from the side mockingly and Marcy whipped her head that way to see Mindy and Gideon emerging from the connecting hallway. 
Marcy frowned. How did Mindy know that she didn't have a wolf? 
"She is not strong enough to cause anything.", Dawn said while wrapping her arms around George, and then she turned to Marcy. "You had your chance with George, and you blew it. He is my mate now and I won't allow you to touch him." 
George tightened his hold on Dawn in approval. He loved that she was claiming him so fiercely. Dawn was perfect. 
Mindy and Gideon paused next to George and Dawn, and Mindy said, "Everyone is in the study. Alpha Damon doesn't like to wait." 
George glanced at Marcy who was still sitting on the floor, and he said, "Enjoy your travels. If you know what's good for you, we won't hear from you again." 
Marcy blinked back tears that prickled her eyes. George didn't know she was going to a shelter, and Marcy thought how that was for the best. She will go there and think about things, and she will come up with something, anything… because just giving up and disappearing while everyone else gets to enjoy lavish lifestyles was not fair! 
George really didn't know that Marcy was going to the shelter. James' plan was that Marcy will settle in one of the towns of her choice, and Damon will have people keep an eye on her. George didn't care where Marcy will stay, as long as she was far away from him. 
Dawn turned in time to see Marcy disappearing through the door as she left the packhouse. She looked pitiful and all alone. 
"Are you feeling sorry for her?", George asked. 
"A little bit.", Dawn admitted. "I feel like I've stolen something that belongs to her." And that went beyond just George. Dawn got to enjoy the princess treatment and happiness she only dreamed about, and the Alpha aura and the smoking-hot mate were unexpected bonuses. 
"You can't steal what's yours, Dawn.", George said. "As for me, I needed to bump into Marcy first so that I can appreciate you more." He took Dawn's hand and pressed it against his chest. "Make no mistake Dawn, this thing here beats only for you." 
Dawn smiled dreamily and she got on her toes to give him a kiss on the lips. 
George groaned as he wanted to devour his cinnamon-infused beauty right there in the hallway, but… "Let's see what Damon wants." And after that, they will return to their room. 
George had no idea how long they will be able to stay in the Dark Howlers pack, but he knew that when they return to the Red Moon pack the honeymoon will be over. Dawn will accompany him, and they will need to be careful, or things could backfire big time.
###Chapter 529 Plans for integrating witches [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 529 Plans for integrating witches [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, BFD_80, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 20, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Damon and Talia summoned Maya, Caden, George, Dawn, Gideon, Mindy, James, and Cornelia into the study. 
They all sat on the sofa and sofa chairs, making the whole meeting informal. 
Damon was against having Gideon and Mindy there, but Talia wanted her friend present. Mindy was like a source of energy and unusual solutions to common problems. Also, Talia thought that it was time for Damon and Gideon to fix their relationship, and considering what Talia wanted to talk about, Gideon could be helpful. 
Talia started with, "Marcy is gone." They saw her leaving in a car through the security video feed. "She is heading to the Blue River pack." 
"What?", Mindy asked, visibly surprised by this development. 
"Considering her situation, it's not safe for Marcy to be on her own, so we suggested her to go to a shelter." 
Mindy needed a moment to process this information. She interacted with Marcy a few times, and she couldn't imagine that the prideful princess of the Red Moon pack would go to a shelter for abused and abandoned willingly. What if Alpha Edward finds out about this and attacks the Blue River pack? But then... Mindy was now with Gideon and with the Dark Howlers pack, and Maddox would help Damon anyway, so... "I will tell Max and our people to expect her, but what if she wants to leave? I'm confident that accommodations there won't compare to what she was used to so far." 
Damon shrugged. "Marcy doesn't have a choice because she doesn't have money. She is going under the name Kim Dorsey, and if she knows what's good for her, she won't identify herself as Marcy Redmayne as long as her father is the Alpha. You can tell your people in the shelter to expect her, but don't give her any special treatment." 
Mindy nodded in understanding. If Marcy didn't have money, then it was understandable why she agreed to a shelter. 
Next, it was George's and James' turn to give updates and to say what's the status with Alpha Edward. 
"He said that we can stay here as long as you don't kick us out.", James told Damon. "Of course, he expects us to report to him about your movements." 
"Of course.", Damon said. He spread his arms toward George and James. "As a thank you for helping us calm this storm, you earned yourself a stay in our packhouse for as long as you want. Or if you would prefer bigger privacy, there are a few houses nearby you could use." 
James' eyes lit up. Privacy with Cornelia. He liked that idea. Ever since the reporter left, James and Cornelia were together and holding hands, and he was happy even though he couldn't wait to get closer to her. He really wanted to kiss her and much more. But there was still work to do, so he couldn't give in to the lovey-dovey mood. 
"Stay alert, Alpha Damon.", James warned. "My father won't give up easily." 
"We doubled border patrols.", Caden said. "Since Alpha Edward won't make rash movements without support from others, we are keeping an eye on rogues." 
James nodded in approval. "It would be good if that reporter comes again in the afternoon to take some shots of me and George training with your warriors. That will prevent my father from spinning our stay here as you keeping us against our will." 
"Would he do that?", Maya asked with a frown. 
James shrugged. "It's about appearances and gaining support, so yes, he would do that." 
They all looked at James with admiration. Compared to everyone there, he was still a kid, yet he thought of everything. 
James turned to Cornelia. "Will you come to watch me train?" He grinned when Cornelia responded with a nod. This was his chance to show off. 
"I have something else I want to share.", Talia announced. "You already know that Cornelia is a witch and that her Coven is in a different realm, currently accessible through the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack. Cornelia came here to scout our realm and see if it's suitable for witches to integrate into our society. I would love it if we can create an environment where people who are different feel safe to move about. Based on what I've seen, we can count on cooperation from the Midnight Guardians pack and the Blue River pack. Once Tony takes over as the Alpha, the Lightclaw pack will probably join that group. In time, as we spread the awareness and mixed mates are formed, other packs might join as well." 
Talia didn't want to bring up the Red Moon pack because that pack will require much more than just leadership change, and James knew that, so he kept quiet. 
"Our short-term goal is to educate our pack members about people who are different. The long-term goal is that witches get accepted like equals and are able to move freely, like humans. As our relationships with witches grow, resistance will die on its own." 
Gideon shook his head and Talia noticed so she asked, "You think it won't work?" 
"Humans are weaker than us.", Gideon pointed out the fact. "Many of our kind think of them as lesser beings and put them in the same category as other animals, so they don't see them as a threat. Witches have powers and I foresee that our people will fear that witches might take over. I'm not saying it's impossible, but it will be a long path where we need to show that witches have no ill intentions." 
Talia saw that as a valid point. And there was also the fact that unless they use powers, witches can't be distinguished from humans, so maybe the treatment of humans will deteriorate because werewolves will fear they are witches. It could all escalate into something bad, but Talia believed it will be good. 
However, there was one grim thing she needed to share with everyone. 
"We found out something disturbing…" And then Talia told them about Marcy disclosing how witches were used for breeding and that Alpha Howard (aka James' grandfather) had something to do with it. 
Cornelia was visibly upset. She looked at James and wondered if he knew about it. Was he part of it? Is that why he was reluctant to accept her as his mate? 
James didn't know about it. Before meeting Cornelia, James thought that witches were old women with hairy warts on their noses who live in secluded caves, or maybe in houses that were made from candy to lure children and eat them. But no matter what witches looked like, if there was a plot to gain more power, James believed that his family would be part of it. 
Seeing that James was silent, Cornelia turned to Talia. "That can't be related to us. Our realm was sealed for centuries." 
"Do you know why it was sealed?", Talia asked. 
"No. But it was closed from the outside. We assume it was done to trap us." 
"Or to protect you." It was James who said this.
###Chapter 530 The talk about witches
Chapter 530 The talk about witches
While they were in the forest, earlier that morning, Cornelia had shown James a few tricks and he saw the silvery light coming out of her fingers that reminded him of stories about the members of the Midnight Guardians pack. He thought those were lies or gibberish from a drunk person, but after meeting Cornelia, James realized that those stories were probably true, even though they might be exaggerations. 
"Marcy spoke of witches", James said. "However, what if it was not witches but people who have other abilities? We all heard rumors that members of the Midnight Guardians pack have mystical powers." 
"Those are not rumors.", Talia said and lifted her arm in front of her. 
They all ended up staring at her palm which was glowing in silvery light. 
"I am from the Midnight Guardians pack.", Talia said, dispelling the last shred of doubts from people who gaped at her. 
Maya and Caden were secretly happy because now they could ask Talia about that white and dark light they saw when Talia was holding onto unconscious Damon. 
"Talia…", Damon called with worry obvious in his voice. He didn't want her to reveal her powers in front of so many people. 
"It's OK.", Talia assured him. "We are all friends and if we are going to make the existence of witches public, this right here is a good place to start." 
Talia trusted Maya and Caden, and she knew that Mindy and Dawn will support her. Gideon is a shaman, and no matter how much he and Damon bickered, Gideon never did anything against Damon which spoke about Gideon's integrity. As for James and George, Talia was confident that they won't have bad intentions considering who their mates were. 
"I don't know much about witches and I don't believe I am one, but I can do this.", Talia said and closed her palm into a fist, making the silvery light flash before disappearing. 
"The light in the lake when Tanya was stuck at the bottom and Max went to rescue her... that was you?", Mindy asked. 
Talia confirmed with a nod and spoke to everyone before Mindy could ask more questions, "We will make this work only if we open up. Secrets won't help. I agree with James. Marcy spoke about witches, but what if the Silver Flame Coven is not the only one out there? Or what if that applied to the members of my pack?" 
Damon flinched when Talia said 'my pack' for the Midnight Guardians pack, but he didn't want to fuss about it. Soon, Talia will become his Luna officially (actually, Alpha, when he figures out technicalities of two equals leading one pack), and the Midnight Guardians pack will fall into the background, as it should. At least that's what Damon thought. 
"Are you saying that we are not safe in your realm?", Cornelia asked while shrinking in her seat. The idea of her being used for breeding was extremely unsettling. 
"At this point, I'm not sure.", Talia responded honestly. "That's why we are here. I want to get to the bottom of this and I hope you will help me." 
James noticed Cornelia's discomfort, and he was quick to put his arm around her shoulders and give her a gentle squeeze of reassurance. His heart soared when Cornelia leaned on him, it meant that she trusted him. James liked that. 
"How can we help?" 
Talia was glad that James volunteered. "First, we need to know if this is current, or it stopped with your grandfather. Only by understanding what we are dealing with, we can come up with a plan to end it. At this point, we have only one lead, your grandfather's journals that Marcy mentioned. Do you know where they could be?" 
James shook his head. "I was four years old when grandfather died, and I don't remember him. But I can look in the storage and see if I can find anything." 
"It won't be in plain sight.", Talia said. "Check the safe deposit behind the portrait in the main study of Alpha Edward, and a hidden compartment behind the North wall in the library… the secret passage in the double-door of the third bedroom on the second floor…" 
James' eyes widened as Talia spoke. "How do you know about those?" 
"I know your packhouse probably better than you do.", Talia said mysteriously. She spent years sneaking around there, and at night she was free to explore. 
"Make sure Alpha Edward doesn't suspect you.", Damon said while trying to divert James' attention away from Talia. 
"I know what to do.", James said with confidence. He perfected his act so that Alpha Edward believes he was ignorant and obedient, and probably stupid. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Will you go with James to the Red Moon pack?", Talia asked Cornelia. 
"I…", Cornelia was not sure how to respond to this. 
"We didn't talk about it.", James said while tightening his hold on Cornelia. 
James didn't think about what will happen after he leaves the Dark Howlers pack. There was no time to think about such things! 
But in just a second, James saw more than a dozen of red flags related to the idea of Cornelia cohabiting with him in the packhouse of the Red Moon pack. However, being apart from her was also difficult to swallow. 
James looked at Cornelia and he felt his stomach tightening. Before last night he was not aware of her existence, and only a few hours ago he confirmed they were mates. James was still at a stage where he couldn't fully feel the bond, yet he couldn't bear the thought of being apart from her. That was not like him, but there was nothing he could do about it. He really wanted to tie her up to him, so they can always be together. But he needed a plan to keep her safe, because if his father finds out about Cornelia, it won't end well, even without the whole breeding-with-witches nightmare. 
Talia didn't want to influence Cornelia's decision, but Talia knew firsthand how badly Omegas were treated in the Red Moon pack. Without her wolf or Aura, as an outsider, Cornelia will be categorized as the lowest Omega there is. 
"I will go with George.", Dawn spoke to Cornelia. "I know a thing or two about Alpha Edward, and I assume that you shouldn't reveal your identity as James' mate, and that means you shouldn't go to the packhouse." Dawn turned to George. "Can she stay with us?" 
George confirmed, and explained to the confused witch, "I have a villa that provides privacy. Dawn and I will be there with a handful of trustworthy staff. We can give you a bedroom, and you are welcome to stay with us. James can visit you when his schedule allows. However, if you plan to move about, you will need to be extra careful. Without a wolf, you will be just a human, and that's not favorable in the Red Moon pack. Your identity as my guest might give you some protection, but I'm not sure how far that will stretch." No one dared to bully Estelle and other Omegas who worked in his villa, but that was only when George was around. He knew that all kinds of things happened when he was not looking. 
"I will be with you whenever James is not around. Talk it over with James before deciding on anything.", Dawn said to Cornelia. 
George told Dawn a lot about the Red Moon pack without sugarcoating things, and he also spoke about James and how he is in charge of James' training, so Dawn knew that James and Cornelia will be facing a tough decision. James was underage, and his father controlled his routine. James never opposed his father openly, and he probably won't be able to protect Cornelia. On one side, James will want to be with Cornelia, and on the other, he wouldn't want to put her in a difficult situation. 
Dawn bit the inside of her cheek while wondering if she was too hasty to offer their help. Sure, she wanted to help, but she will be an underdog also. Dawn was an Omega, and she will need to conceal the boost in strength that came with the Alpha aura after George marked her. And considering George's plans to take down Alpha Edward, the situation was not favorable. What was she thinking? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 531 The summon for the Council of Alphas
Chapter 531 The summon for the Council of Alphas
Caden's phone beeped, and everyone looked at him. 
Caden looked around apologetically. "I swear, I thought I had it on silent." He was confident about it because he could feel his phone vibrating in his pocket while they were talking. Only super-urgent notifications would make his phone break the silent mode. 
Caden's eyes widened when he saw the message. "Damon…", he called. "The Council of Alphas was summoned. You need to be there at dawn." 
This was the first time for Damon to be summoned to attend the Council of Alphas, but he knew what it was. He couldn't help but frown at the timing. "Now?" 
"My father is behind this.", James said with certainty. 
"Do you think Alpha Edward can use the Council to pressure Alpha Damon?", Maya asked. 
James confirmed. "He only needs to make his case and put it for voting. The majority wins. Considering what happened here, Alpha Damon will face an attack on his character, and it will escalate into a challenge to his ability to be the Alpha of the largest pack in North America. If Alpha Damon doesn't agree to give up on whatever they demand, they will form an alliance to impose sanctions on the Dark Howlers pack, or maybe even threaten with open war, depending on how confident they are." 
Talia was restless. This all sounded like big trouble! But first, she had one basic question, "What is the Council of Alphas?" 
Damon responded, "Alphas of packs gather and make decisions that will impact all werewolves." He released a frustrated breath. "Caden, you will come with me." 
"I want to come also.", Maya said. 
Damon refused. "We need you to stay here and ensure everything is ready for the pack run. Besides, only the Alpha and his Beta are allowed to go." 
Talia didn't like this. 'What if the potion wears off and you forget about me?', she spoke to Damon through their mind-link. 
'Caden will go with me.', Damon said. 'Give him the potion and instructions, and do not worry.' He pressed his lips against her forehead. "Knowing the methods of Alpha Edward, the news about the Council meeting and me being in trouble will spread with the goal to confuse our people. You will be needed here to work with Maya and ensure things are in order. I promise to be back before the pack run." 
Damon gave Talia a reassuring smile and turned to Caden. "Where will the meeting be held?" 
"GPS coordinates came with the summon. It's close to the territory of the Lightclaw pack. I will get the plane ready because with a car we won't make it even if we start now." 
Damon puffed his cheeks. That meant they can stay until dinner if they give up on sleeping, and they had a lot to do until then. 
He ran his hand through his hair and looked at the people gathered. "Let's end this meeting for now. Maya, Caden, can you stay here and help to discuss plans while Caden and I are away? Mindy, Gideon, if you can help Maya and Talia regarding plans for tomorrow's pack run, that would be great." 
Talia looked at Cornelia. "I hope you can double-check I have everything ready for the ritual to dispel the black runes." 
Mindy waved at Talia, indicating that she will help with that also. "I want to be a part of that conversation." Tomorrow at the ceremony, Mindy will be introduced to the pack as Gideon's mate, and she will officially become a member of the Dark Howlers pack. She was looking forward to it. 
"Can we help?", George asked. 
Damon thought of something. "As a Commander, do you have people you trust that can tell us more about what Alpha Edward is up to?" 
George confirmed. "I will contact them." 
Before Damon could give a task to James, James was talking to Talia, "Miss Talia, can we have a word? I would appreciate it if you could explain in detail the passages you know in my packhouse. It will help me look for journals." 
"Sure.", Talia agreed. "Let's go to a different room…" 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
James and Talia walked out of the study, and into a spare room on the first floor. 
The room was on the smaller side, with one wall covered in enclosed storage where they kept plates and utensils used when they hosted large parties. On the wall opposite the door, was a window with a small sitting area below it that consisted of a two-seater sofa, one coffee table, and two ottomans tucked in under it. 
James closed the door behind them, and when both of them were seated on the sofa sideways so they face each other, Talia kept the notepad and the pencil on the table, and asked, "What do you want to know about passages?" 
She assumed that James was onto her about being in the Red Moon pack. Did he recognize her? Was that a good thing? Talia was not sure. 
"Are you going to let Damon do this on his own?" 
Talia didn't get it. "What?" 
"Only Alphas of packs have the right to vote in the Council. Your proxy might attend, but his vote won't count, Alpha Talia." 
Talia's eyes widened when she understood where James was going with this. He knew that she was the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Somehow, she forgot about it. Maybe because she always saw Axel as the Alpha, and from Talia's point of view, she was still the timid girl hiding in the attic. 
"Is this why you pulled me out of the study?", Talia asked. 
James shrugged. "Based on my observation, Alpha Damon doesn't know you have a pack of your own, and I don't care about your reasons for concealing it. But is that secret more important than helping him?" 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. It was not really a secret, but with all the things going on, she didn't get a chance to tell Damon about it. Getting rid of black runes, Marcy, and preparing for the upcoming pack run seemed awfully important, and everything else could wait. 
"How can I help him?" 
Talia felt silly asking. 
James was a teenager, the young master of the house where Talia lived while hiding her presence, yet now she was seeking advice from him. It all looked like some twisted reality. But James was serious, and he didn't seem to be joking. 
He took the pencil, opened the notepad, and started writing down while talking, "There are currently fifteen packs that are large enough to get a seat in the Council of Alphas. Every vote counts. Assuming that all of them will be present, Alpha Damon will need seven votes on top of his to be safe from open attacks. Of course, even if my father fails, he won't give up, but at least his allies won't dare to support him openly. Most of the Alphas will go with the flow because they fear retaliation from bigger packs. However, you should be wary of four packs that will support my father no matter how flaky his arguments are…" 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 532 Mysterious Talia
Chapter 532 Mysterious Talia
While explaining about the Council of Alphas, James was writing down names and relevant notes that contained reasons why some people will definitely side with Alpha Edward, who will side with Damon, and who will be easily swayed. 
As the names appeared on the paper, Talia recognized most of them. In the last few weeks, Talia was working as Damon's assistant, she exchanged emails with them, and with a few, she even spoke on the phone. Alpha Edward, Alpha Magnus (aka Tony's father), Alpha Richard (aka Cassie's father), and Alpha Maddox, fell into the category of Alphas that Talia saw in person. 
Talia was not surprised when James put Alpha Richard in a group of hostile people. 
"He doesn't like Alpha Edward, but they have a common enemy.", James said. "After the incident with Cassie at the Lightclaw pack, Alpha Richard is talking openly about how Alpha Damon is using his position to terrorize others." 
Talia felt guilty about this. It was her idea for the Steelbite pack to pay tribute, and she even got Cassie's head shaved. But more than punishing Cassie, Alpha Richard was pushed into a corner, humiliated, and thirsty for revenge. 
Talia couldn't accept that Tony's father will also be against Damon. James said that Alpha Magnus is greedy, and he will vote for the one who gives him the most benefits. Tony came to train with Damon, and Kalina was a good friend with Talia, but that didn't seem to compare with the monetary benefits or territory that Alpha Edward would offer. 
"My father will tempt them by promising them a piece of the Dark Howlers pack's territory or resources. It's easy to give away what was not his in the first place, but those will be just empty promises. Once Alpha Damon loses his footing, my father will scheme against his allies to squirm out of those deals, and he will end up giving away only a fraction of what he originally promised." 
Talia stared at James while wrapping her head around that information. "You talk like no one cares about what's right. Is it possible that everyone is just looking to backstab others?" 
James chuckled. "Wake up, Alpha Talia. Idealistic people are sabotaged and eliminated, and you don't want to end up like them. No one likes a person in power that can't be controlled, and that is why Alpha Damon is the biggest problem for existing Alphas." 
"What about Alpha Maddox?", Talia asked. 
James shrugged. "The Blue River pack has a non-militaristic reputation, so they are not an active threat. In addition to that, they are taking in people no one wants. My father calls Mindy's charity work as taking care of trash. If the Blue River pack falls, someone will need to accept those unfortunate souls or we will risk a surge in the population of rogues. People like my father will only see them as a burden." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia puffed her cheeks. "I still don't understand. Damon has a strong military and he has the support of his people as well as several other packs. How can your father think that he will win?" 
James leaned on the backrest of the sofa completely and stared at the ceiling while explaining, "My father will not dare to do this on his own. He will spur others to do the dirty work for him. Alphas would band against Alpha Damon a long time ago if they didn't fear retaliation because if they can't take him out in one swift swoop, heads will roll. That's why they need a show that's going to make it believable; like that, their people will stop looking at Alpha Damon as a young rebel who is doing the right thing." 
James shook his head. "The ironic thing is that if my father's ploy succeeds and Alpha Damon is removed from power, Alphas will move to their next target which would be my father, but my father doesn't think that far because his eyes are stuck on Alpha Damon who is above him and only when he is left at the top he will realize that the ground under his feet is crumbling." 
James turned his head to look at Talia. "Our kind is controlled by greed for power. Even if you want to fight for the greater good, you can't show that to anyone because they will use it against you." 
James saw that Talia's face fell. "What? Is that too much for you?" 
"I am sorry.", Talia said. "I had no idea how difficult it was growing up as the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack." 
If it was a happy childhood, he wouldn't have such dark thoughts. Her heart cracked for the sixteen years-old boy who was sitting right there and talking like an old man who saw the ugly side of life and gave up on humanity. 
James sat up straight and stared at Talia. They were discussing his father coming after Damon and everything he holds dear, yet Talia looked like she wanted to give James a comforting hug, and suddenly… he wanted one. But he didn't want to act on that impulse. It wouldn't be appropriate. 
And before he could react, Talia scooted closer to James, invading his personal space and her arms wrapped around him. James sat still like a statue while considering his options. No one ever gave him a comforting hug. Not even his mother. 
Talia's hand patted his back gently and… damn it! James' arms moved on their own around her. 
"There, there…", Talia said, like she was comforting a child. "Considering how you grew up, you are a fine young man, James Redmayne. I am confident that great things are ahead of you." 
James froze. Was she talking in the context of him being the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack? 
He released Talia awkwardly and inched away. "You don't know what you are talking about." 
Talia smiled and her eyes lit up in a silvery glow. "Did you forget that I'm the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack? I have mysterious powers that are telling me you will do just fine." 
James had to agree that mysterious was an adjective that went great with Talia. She looked weak and fragile, yet she had the most powerful Alpha of their generation as her fated mate and James definitely noticed marks on both Talia's and Damon's neck which put them as equals. And Talia also had a circle of friends that was charged with influence and power in front of which the older generation would tremble if they only knew about it. People followed Talia and listened when she spoke, even though she didn't use anything to suppress them or announce her high ranking. 
Alpha Edward was set on toppling Damon, and James had a feeling that Talia was a much greater danger compared to Damon. 
James shook those thoughts away. "Let's focus and finish this before others come looking for us." And he was eager to go back to Cornelia. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 533 Feeling important
Chapter 533 Feeling important
Talia understood that James was telling her all that about the Council of Alphas with the intention that she should attend it, as an Alpha. 
The idea of her being stuck in the same place with Alphas who had bad intentions toward Damon, and maybe they were involved in the witch-breeding nightmare, made Talia's skin crawl, but she liked the thought of supporting Damon. 
Talia was aware that since Damon became the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, he faced many challenges alone. Sure, there were Caden, Stephanie, Maya, and maybe a few others, but they could only offer their advice and support from the side. Damon had to tackle one challenge after another on his own; he negotiated and fought as one against many, and this was Talia's chance to stand by his side when it counts, as his equal. It made her feel important. 
"Usually, the Midnight Guardians pack doesn't involve themselves with matters of other packs, so my father probably thinks that Alpha Isaac won't come.", James said. "And no one has a clue that the leadership changed." 
"Do you think they will recognize me?" 
James looked at Talia seriously for a few seconds before responding, "No." 
"How can you be so certain?" 
"Alpha Damon's reputation as a womanizer made women by his side invisible.", James responded bluntly. "There were so many that people stopped caring. And my sister created such a hype about her being his Luna, that no one spared you a second look." 
"You say that like it's a good thing.", Talia said dryly. 
"But it is. Everyone will be intrigued by the new Alpha. The fact that you are from the Midnight Guardians pack will work in your favor because no one really knows what's going on there. You can say that you are the daughter Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia kept hidden, or you can spin the story and say that you are the dark horse who took over with a display of power." 
Talia thought about how both of those apply. Was James smart, psychic, or just lucky? In any case, it was scary how spot-on he was. 
James chuckled. "Most of the Alphas of the older generation are misogynic. The fact that you are female will rub them the wrong way, yet they won't be able to do a damn thing about it. I would give anything to be a fly on the wall in that room when you show up so I can see my father's face." 
Talia cocked an eyebrow. "You know, maybe Cornelia can make it happen." 
James shifted uncomfortably at the thought of him actually turning into a fly. What if a frog eats him? Or someone splats him into a mush? 
"It was just a figure of speech.", he said awkwardly. "Besides, as an unknown player, you can have fun. Make them believe you are considering to vote for their side, let them lick your shoes, and then deliver slaps as you see fit. In any case, I leave those fine details to you. I told you what I wanted to say, and I recommend that you go there, but in the end, it's your decision. We are done here." 
James stood up and bowed a little before leaving the room. 
Talia didn't move as she was thinking about the information James provided and she frowned at the names of Alphas who will face Damon with bad intentions tomorrow morning. 
Damon didn't say anything and she sensed his anxiety, but she didn't know it would be that bad. If those people vote against Damon, he will be in trouble; his whole pack will be in trouble. Their pack. Isn't that why Damon concealed her identity as his mate? But… she was weak then and now she is an Alpha. Surely, she can do something to help him. 
Talia was attracted to the idea of putting those greedy old geezers in place. How dare they threaten her mate!? 
Liseli was quiet, but Talia could sense that Liseli approved as the old creature boosted Talia's confidence, reminding Talia that she was not alone anymore. Talia had her wolf, her powers, her mate, her pack, and friends who were willing to help. 
James told her that the Council of Alphas has ways of confirming who is the real Alpha of a pack in order to avoid frauds. He didn't know details about this because his father never mentioned it, but James remembered that his father has a token with the crest of the Red Moon pack, and he guessed that the token must be part of verifying the identity as legitimate rulers. 
Other than getting her token, Talia needed to firm her resolve, and… she needed a Beta who will accompany her. 
With those thoughts, Talia got her phone. 
First, she needed to call Axel! 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
James returned to the study in search of Cornelia. He found her sitting on the sofa, surrounded by Dawn, George, Mindy, and Gideon. Cornelia was talking in a low voice while drawing some complex patterns on a paper and James guessed that she was explaining things for the ritual they will perform tomorrow evening. 
Damon was at his desk now with Maya and Caden. The three of them were sitting around Damon's desk while two faces were on the computer screen, obviously on a video call. James recognized them as Alpha Maddox from the Blue River pack, and Alpha Cristian from the Spring Leaf pack, and he already knew that those two were Damon's close allies. 
Damon waved at James to come closer, and he announced to two people on the video call, "The future Alpha of the Red Moon pack, James, is here." 
Both Maddox and Cristian were visibly surprised to see James. They were aware that Alpha Edward was hostile, and with Marcy announcing her departure from the territory of the Dark Moon pack, they would never guess that James was present. 
Of course, Maddox was about to get another shocker soon when he finds out that Marcy was heading his way, but that will happen when Mindy remembers to notify him. 
James thought that Damon will ask him about Talia, but instead, Damon said, "We are discussing strategies to protect our borders while we are away. With this sudden summon for the Council, Max, Chris, and I suspect that someone might use this to attack us and we want to decrease risks to our people. Can you share your ideas?" 
James was surprised that Damon was including him in the conversation. His father would normally shoo him away when something crucial was happening, and Damon showed him more consideration and care in these few days than his father did in a lifetime. 
James' impulse was to decline and to continue his act as an ignorant youngster, but something told him to do otherwise. 
With every passing day, James' understanding of why people followed Damon willingly was becoming clearer. Damon didn't classify people based on status and he didn't push others down out of fear that they will take his spotlight. 
Damon acknowledged James as someone who can contribute, and he was not shy about asking him to share his thoughts in front of other Alphas which gave James an opportunity to shine. 
This treatment made James feel important, and he hoped that Cornelia was paying attention because he was about to show what he can do. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 534 Strategizing as equals
Chapter 534 Strategizing as equals
"I would suggest that Commander George joins this discussion. He can help.", James said while approaching the desk where Damon, Maya, and Caden were with Alpha Maddox and Alpha Christian present via video conference. 
As soon as James finished talking, George was already by his side, pulling a chair so he can join the group. He was eavesdropping from the side, but since no one invited him, he pretended to be interested in whatever Cornelia was explaining. 
"What are you trying to achieve?", James asked while taking a seat. 
"The summon for the Council of Alphas is unexpected.", Damon said. "With every Alpha getting an invitation, it's inevitable that the news will spread. A pack without its Alpha and Beta is vulnerable. Our warriors have their orders, but if they are facing an unexpected situation, without leadership to guide them, they might make mistakes and that can cause casualties. We are trying to prioritize spots where attacks might happen so that we reinforce our borders in a smart way." 
Damon showed James a map he had in front of him with some areas marked in red. "The red areas are where we experienced attacks in the previous year." 
After looking at it for a few seconds, James turned to look at the wall where the map of North America was hanging with outlines of pack territories. Every pack (other than the Midnight Guardians pack) had precisely determined borders, and between two packs was a few miles-wide neutral territory that didn't belong to anyone. That prevented packs from accidentally crossing into another pack's territory (which happened often, and the fights would escalate), but unfortunately that gap between territories also allowed for rogues to move freely. 
"Do you think that the young Alpha from the Red Moon pack will have anything useful to say?", Alpha Cristian asked without concealing the mockery in his voice. He didn't like the Red Moon pack, and he didn't bother with being polite. 
Damon raised his hand, indicating to Alpha Cristian to be patient. "Maybe he doesn't, but we won't know unless we hear him out. Our plan so far is solid, but this is what we always did, and I have a feeling that even rogues can see through it. I believe that a fresh perspective might be useful." 
James didn't bother with Alpha Cristian, as he focused on talking to Damon. 
"Your packs share borders, with the Spring Leaf pack between the other two. Depending on your level of trust, I would suggest that you temporarily merge territories. The neutral land can stay unused after you comb it to flush out lingering rogues. In that way, you can rearrange your warriors to protect external borders." 
Everyone looked at James like he said something outrageous. And it was outrageous because Alphas would never merge territories in a way that would make them vulnerable, but at the same time, it made sense. 
Damon was first to react. "If I don't need to protect my North border, we will have more manpower for other areas.", Damon said and turned to look at the monitor. 
Maddox was next to agree. "With Alpha Cristian's warriors assuring no one will attack my pack from South, that works for me also." 
Alpha Cristian burst into laughter. Who would say no to more land and less manpower to secure it? "Why not? If this crazy experiment works, maybe we could make it permanent!" 
Maddox snorted. "How can you be so quick to agree? Didn't you imply that James won't have anything useful to say?" 
Alpha Cristian narrowed his eyes, probably at Maddox, but he was on the screen, so it looked like he was glaring at everyone. "I admit. I was quick to judge. Maybe I am getting old." 
Damon shook his head. Alpha Cristian was in his mid-thirties. How can that be considered old? But he didn't want to stray off the topic because time was running out and they had a lot of things to do. 
"Since we all agree, let's get into details.", Damon said. "We need to determine who will be responsible for which stretch of the outside borders so we don't have gaps, and we should coordinate sweeping the neutral territory from rogues. Let's finish all this today so that tonight we can head to that meeting without worrying about our people…" 
James was glad that he could contribute, and he was recognized. George was not the one to be left behind as he showed expertise related to techniques for communication between patrols belonging to different packs. As a Commander, George studied military tactics, so he was comfortable in this setting. 
What was novel for both James and George was that three Alphas were discussing things openly, as equals. 
Alpha Edward never showed such trust and respect toward anyone; in cases when he cooperated with someone, it was shallow, and Alpha Edward made sure the other party knew he was in charge. People in this room (and on the video call) were aware that Damon had the most power, yet Damon didn't impose his opinion on others, and it created an atmosphere where everyone was free to voice their thoughts. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia entered the study to find that Cornelia, Gideon, Mindy, and Dawn were on the sofa and talking in hushed voices while Damon was at his desk with Maya, Caden, James, George, and Alpha Christian and Alpha Maddox on the video call. 
Somehow, the air in the room was harmonious, and Talia thought how it would be wonderful if they could all work together like that. Of course, she would add Tatiana, Kalina, Tony, Axel, Yasmin, Zina, Meg, and a few others into that mix. 
This was the opposite of the cutthroat situation that James described to Talia earlier and she hoped that James will see that not all Alphas are greedy and backstabbing. The boy was full of bitterness and bad experiences, and Talia wished that Damon takes him under his wing and shows him a brighter side of life. Unfortunately, that won't happen as long as Alpha Edward has the resources and power to bully others. Was there really nothing they could do? 
'You are back', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head, and she could feel the happiness her presence brought him. 
'I came to check what you guys are doing.' 
Damon looked at her guiltily. 'We need to finish this before I leave tonight.' 
'Don't worry about it.', Talia responded. 
Talia was aware that Damon had his hands full and he couldn't indulge in a lovey-dovey mood. Damon was normally busy, and the situation with Marcy made things worse, and now this unexpected meeting came on top of everything. 
Talia was happy that she could come to see Damon like this and she wondered if she will get a chance to talk to him in private and tell him about the whole Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack business. 
Talia noticed that Cornelia, Gideon, Mindy, and Dawn were sitting there without much to do, so she offered them to join her in the kitchen. 
Dawn was first to get up. She wanted to see Zina and catch up with her bestie but was feeling awkward about just leaving. 
Cornelia and Mindy got up next, and Gideon grumbled something, but he followed after Mindy. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 535 Chatter in the kitchen
Chapter 535 Chatter in the kitchen
Stephanie, Zina, and Rose were busying themselves with lunch preparations in the kitchen. 
"Zi!", Dawn exclaimed when she saw Zina, and then they plunged into each other's arms like they didn't see each other in ages. 
Stephanie greeted everyone, and after exchanging names with Cornelia, Stephanie was quick to assign tasks to the ladies when she heard they were there to help. 
"I apologize for not greeting you properly, Shaman Gideon", Stephanie said respectfully. She knew that he was staying in the packhouse, and she saw him at the dining table during meals, but at that time Stephanie was serving food and it wouldn't be proper for her to greet him. 
Gideon waved like it was not important. "What can I do?" 
Stephanie's eyes widened. Did Shaman want to help in the kitchen? Gideon was regarded with respect by all pack members and Stephanie didn't dare to let him get his hands dirty. "It's not necessary. Please, sit and relax. Can I get you something to drink? A tea, maybe?" 
"You can help me prepare vegetables for the salad.", Mindy said to Gideon in a singing voice. 
To Stephanie's surprise, Gideon moved there, and he started peeling cucumbers that Mindy gave him, while she chopped bell peppers. It took less than a minute for them to talk in whispers and nudge each other playfully. 
"They are mates.", Talia told Stephanie, unsure if the woman knew about it. "They will announce it before the pack run tomorrow." 
Stephanie pressed her lips into a line and turned to Talia. "And you, my dear? How are you? Is Damon mistreating you?" 
Talia's heart warmed. Stephanie was considerate and caring, and she gave Talia a glimpse of how it would be to have a mother. Talia didn't know that Stephanie gave Damon an earful on the previous day, but she guessed that Stephanie knew bits and pieces and the woman was confused. 
"Damon is facing many challenges, but he is not mistreating me. The last few days were part of the plan to get rid of Marcy without jeopardizing the pack. From the moment I got here, he was supportive, in his own way.", Talia said and smiled a little. "Tomorrow, I will be leading the pack run with him." 
Stephanie opened her mouth to speak, but then her eyes fell on the pinkish mark on Talia's neck. 
'CLANG!' 
A heavy knife fell on the kitchen countertop from Stephanie's hand. 
"You are marked?", Stephanie asked. 
Talia's smile widened. "Damon and I are fated mates." 
Stephanie needed a moment. She knew that Damon didn't want to let Talia live outside of the packhouse, she saw them getting cozy, and she heard rumors, but she thought if it was serious, they would say something openly. Stephanie knew that during the dinner with Elders, Damon announced that Talia was his mate, but with Marcy there, Stephanie was not sure what to think. 
"I'm sorry, Talia. I am happy for you it's just… Why didn't you tell me when you arrived here? Why is not the whole pack celebrating their Luna?" 
"It's a long story, Steph. When I came here, my wolf was weak and I didn't know. And when I found out, it was difficult to process. And when I was ready to embrace it, Marcy started pressuring Damon and we decided to wait with the announcement until the air is clear. He did it to protect me. Tomorrow evening, the whole pack will know. I hope you will support us." 
Stephanie's eyes were full of tears. "Of course, I will support you." She took a step back and bowed. "It's an honor to greet you, Luna Talia." 
Talia was speechless. She really didn't expect that Stephanie will be so official. "Please, don't." 
Stephanie raised her head. "Violet would be so happy." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Stephanie resumed cutting chicken pieces and said, "I am glad it's you, and I'm glad you told me. I plan to leave so I will hand you over managing the packhouse. There is a schedule for cleaning and for kitchen duties that are standard, as well as garden maintenance. And then there are extras to keep in mind when we have guests. You should memorize the names of Omegas who are allowed to come here. Damon was always specific about it." 
Talia's brows came together. "You are leaving? Where? When?" 
"I will leave after the pack run. Damon knows about it. I hope that I can take Lisa with me." She didn't say where she will go because she was not sure. 
"Steph", Talia called. "You know that this is your home, and always it will be." 
Stephanie smiled sadly. Was this her home? A home was not about the place, it was about people. Stephanie came to the Dark Howlers pack because of her mate, and she made a friend, Luna Violet. They had a daughter, and her life was complete. Stephanie lost her mate and her friend, and she sent her daughter away. In a way, her home was gone, but she stuck around with the hope to help Damon. 
Lisa was now in the dungeon with her behavior escalating, and Stephanie had a feeling that Lisa won't get better as long as she was surrounded by the ghosts of what might have been. 
"Thank you, Talia.", Stephanie said. "But I believe it's for the best if I leave. I always wanted to see some distant places, and this is my chance. Now that you are here, I am relieved that I won't leave that naughty boy on his own. Take care of him." 
Talia's eyes filled with tears. She knew that Stephanie wanted to retire, but she felt that her leaving like this was wrong. Would she go if not for Lisa causing trouble? Maybe she would stop working, but she would remain in the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. Stephanie was about to leave everything she knew because Lisa was delusional, but then… maybe that's what mothers do for their children. 
"Talia!", Damon called from the door with panic in his voice, and in the next moment, she felt a pair of strong arms wrapping around her. 
They were close to ending the meeting when Damon sensed Talia's emotions fluctuating and he told Maya and Caden to finish without him as he rushed to see what was going on. 
"Are you alright?", Damon asked. 
Talia looked at him helplessly. Silly man, he could have asked her that through their mind-link, but the fact that he had such an exaggerated reaction, told her he was anxious. 
"I am OK.", Talia said. "Stephanie told me that she is going to leave, so I got emotional." 
"You don't need to leave.", Damon spoke to Stephanie without letting go of Talia. "I was an ass, but I am better now. Tomorrow, everyone will know that Talia is my mate, and our pack will start new normal." 
"That is lovely.", Stephanie responded. "But that new normal will be without me." 
"Contact us often, and come to visit whenever you can.", Talia said. 
"Thank you. As for the packhouse, I recommend that you get a few people to help you. Don't allow things to stop if you have something else to do." 
Talia was thinking about it from the moment Stephanie told her about retirement which was a while ago. "I will ask Zina and Rose to help." Talia turned to see two Omegas in question staring at her. "Zina, I hope you will accept to take care of the kitchen, and Rose, I will be grateful if you help with the rest of the packhouse. I believe the two of you know what needs to be done, and if you doubt anything, this is a perfect chance to ask Stephanie for clarifications." 
Both Zina and Rose smiled and nodded vigorously. 
Talia would ask Dawn also, but Dawn was about to leave for the Red Moon pack with George. 
Talia was hoping that Mindy will take an official role, but she didn't want to talk about it now. They had a lot of things going on and with Mindy being Gideon's mate, she was not going anywhere. 
Talia wanted to resume work, but Damon's hug blocked her arms. 
"Can you let go?", she asked. 
"Never.", Damon responded without missing a beat and she smiled foolishly. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 536 Greetings for Luna Talia [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 536 Greetings for Luna Talia [Bonus chapter]
After lunch, everyone went to the training grounds. 
Caden, James, and George were set to train with warriors so that the reporter (aka Calvin) can take some photos that will go with an article on the topic of cooperation between the Dark Howlers pack and the Red Moon pack. Maya will give an interview with the goal to prevent Alpha Edward to twist this situation into James and George being held captive. 
With the changes in protecting borders, Damon wanted to address his warriors in person, so that they know that things were under control, and due to that, he was heading to the training grounds also. 
Dawn and Cornelia accompanied the group because they were curious about the training, and they wanted to see their men in action. Exciting! 
Damon and Talia didn't separate not even for a second, but they always had company and a million other things to do, and Talia didn't get a chance to tell him about her being the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack or about her intention to attend the Council of Alphas. She really wanted to discuss some strategies with Damon, but the timing was not right and this was not something they could talk about with an audience. 
Talia intentionally slowed her steps as they walked to the training grounds, and when they trailed behind others, she thought that this might be a good chance to speak up. 
"Damon, about the Council of the Alphas…" 
"Don't worry about it, kitten.", Damon interrupted her. "I will handle this. Trust me." 
"I trust you but…" 
"No buts.", he said sternly. "I know you want to help, but I want you to stay here and stay safe. If we get attacked, leave it to the warriors. I know that you can blow them away with a thought, but that would expose you. We are still not ready to make your abilities public." 
Talia puffed her cheeks in frustration. "You asked me if I trust you, but… Do you trust me?" 
"With my life.", Damon responded without missing a beat. "However, I also know you are reckless. Don't take unnecessary risks and don't expose your powers, and don't go running into the woods and being a hero. All this doesn't mean a thing if something happens to you. I promised to keep you safe, and that's what I am doing but I need you to let me protect you." 
And just like that, Talia decided not to tell him. It's better to ask for forgiveness than permission. 
Damon didn't want to see her getting in danger here, and he would blow a fuse if she told him that she planned to attend the council of Alphas and enter that den of wolves (pun intended). 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"TALIA!", an excited shriek was heard from the training grounds, and Talia saw Lulu and Sandy running toward her full force. 
"The soccer team is back!", Talia said excitedly. 
Damon puffed his chest, happy to see that Talia approved. If not for the pack run, he wouldn't call them back, and Maya was the one to suggest ending their survival training early, but Damon had no problems with taking the credit for this one. 
Talia stepped away from Damon and rushed to meet her friends. They didn't see each other from the Summer Solstice festival. 
"How was your training in the mountains?", Talia asked as they exchanged hugs. 
Lulu rolled her eyes. "It was to die for." 
"But we survived!", another excited voice came from the side, and Talia saw Liam, Pierce, and Caleb. A few more soccer players approached Talia, surrounding her from all sides. 
Damon wanted to interfere, but he saw that Talia was having a good time and the guys were only shaking hands with her, so he decided to observe from the side. 
"When did you return?", Talia asked. 
"Yesterday.", Lulu responded. "We thought we will have a longer break. I hear you are Alpha's assistant now. Do you know why we were summoned here?", Lulu asked while gesturing behind her where more than a hundred werewolf warriors were standing. 
Talia confirmed. "There will be changes in patrols and Damon wants to announce it personally so you are not anxious about it." 
Sandy rolled her eyes. "Whenever we see Alpha delivering news personally, we know it will be something stress-inducing." 
Talia thought how that made sense, but… "These are good changes. You will see. Tell me, how was your training?" 
Damon's attention was drawn toward a figure that was approaching Talia's group. It was Keith. Damon gritted his teeth. He knew very well that the wretched Coach got his eyes on Talia and as much as he wanted to punch Keith in the face, Damon was eager to see Keith's reaction when he realizes that Talia was marked, claimed, and NOT available. 
Keith made his way between Liam and Caleb. He stopped when Talia noticed him, and their eyes met. 
"Keith! It's good to see you!", Talia exclaimed happily, making Damon's fists itch when she jumped to give Keith a hug. 
Damon chanted internally how that was only a friendly hug, without their bodies touching, Talia was clueless about Keith's feelings, and Damon shouldn't make a scene. 
Keith wanted to pull Talia closer, but he saw Damon's murderous glare locked on him, so he quickly held Talia's shoulders and gave them a small squeeze before letting her go, and asking, "Did you stick to the training regime?" 
Talia paused. She didn't, but… "You are welcome to test me." After Damon marked her, Talia's speed and strength increased, and she was eager to see by how much. 
Keith smiled happily, interpreting Talia's response as an invitation for them to spend time together. Preferably without Damon around. 
"How about we do a round of testing after this gathering is over?", Keith suggested. 
Talia subconsciously glanced at Damon. She really wanted to get tested, but probably not today. "Schedule for today is crazy. How about the day after tomorrow?" 
"What's wrong with tomorrow?", Keith asked. 
Sandy rolled her eyes. "Did you forget that we have a pack run tomorrow? I'm sure that Talia will be busy with preparations." 
"Wait a minute.", Pierce said while rubbing his chin. "Those are usually led by Alpha and Luna of the pack, but since Marcy backed out… will the pack run be canceled now?" 
"No.", Damon said, and everyone turned to look at him. "The pack run will happen tomorrow. I will lead it with my mate." 
Damon was looking at Talia, and she couldn't look away even though she was aware that her cheeks were impossibly hot and that people around her were connecting the dots. 
As per command, everyone took one step away from Talia. Everyone except for Keith who stood there and stared stupidly at Talia. 
Lulu lowered her head and put her right fist over her chest. "Luna Talia. It's an honor." 
Talia blinked rapidly. "Please, don't." 
But it was too late because everyone in the vicinity was now looking at them and one by one, heads went down in respect while fists on chests indicated that their greeting was coming from the heart. 
Talia looked around helplessly and then at Damon who walked toward her with a big smile on his face. 
"Our people are greeting you. Don't refuse them." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 537 Talia’s personal guards
Chapter 537 Talia's personal guards
Talia was overwhelmed. 
'Was it OK to tell them we are mates?', she asked Damon through their private mind-link. 
'Why wouldn't it be?', he asked back. 
'I don't know. Isn't it too soon?' She was thinking that the issue with Marcy was still fresh and the danger from Alpha Edward was too real and what if this announcement only made things worse? 
'Now I know I made a big mistake, kitten', Damon said. 'I was supposed to do this on the day I brought you here. Now stop doubting and look at our people who are eagerly waiting for your response.' 
Talia turned to see numerous heads bowed toward her. 
That Talia's movement allowed Keith to see her neck. His eyes flashed with disbelief and grief when he saw a mark there and he quickly bowed his head. His fist was clenched so tightly that his knuckles turned white, and he hoped that no one noticed how shaken he was. 
Katya told him that he shouldn't have his hopes up regarding Talia because Alpha Damon was sticking to her, but everyone was talking about Marcy being there and how she will be their Luna, so Keith assumed that Alpha Damon switched girls. It wouldn't be the first time, and Keith hoped that he will be able to comfort Talia, yet now it seemed that she didn't need comforting. 
During that hellish survival training, Keith was thinking of ways how he can fix his blunder from the Summer Solstice festival, and how Talia will forgive him and they can start anew. However, Alpha Damon said how he will lead the pack run with his mate, with Talia, and that explained why Damon was so hostile when he found Keith sitting with Talia next to the lake and drinking beer, and why he put so much effort into replacing Keith as Talia's trainer. Talia was Damon's mate, from the beginning. Keith's heart ached. 
"Thank you, everyone.", Talia didn't speak loudly, but everyone heard her. "I will do my best to be the Luna you deserve." 
Damon touched her chin so that she looks at him. "Not Luna. You will be an Alpha, my equal." 
People gasped and murmurs swelled through the warriors like an unstoppable wave. 
Damon's arm wrapped around Talia's shoulders, holding her close to him as he spoke clearly to the people gathered, "Soon, we will announce the date when Talia officially steps out as the second Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. You can expect a grand celebration, and everyone will be invited. Until then, I want you to know that Talia will be my equal and that's how I expect you to treat her from now on. Talia is my fated mate, and I'm confident that the pack will prosper with her leading us. Alpha Talia already has brilliant ideas on how to make our lives better and I hope you will all support her with sincerity." 
Talia looked at Damon with newly found admiration. Can he be any sweeter? His every word tugged on her heart, and she hoped that she won't burst into tears in front of everyone to see. 
"Long live Alpha Talia!", Maya shouted and then everyone raised their heads and the ground shook with the collective roar, "LONG LIVE ALPHA TALIA!" 
Damon's joy hit Talia full force and her heart was full because she knew that her mate was proud to have her by his side. 
That was all she ever wanted, a loving mate who would do anything for her, just how she would do anything for him, someone who won't be ashamed of her, and here was Damon, giving her everything she dreamed of and so much more. 
Maya and Caden were silently praising Damon's choice to announce Talia's status here, before the pack run. Others might be swayed by the Elders, but warriors were loyal to Damon and now to Talia as well. They will return to Darkbourne and to their families, and they won't allow anyone to talk smack about Damon or Talia. With this, the success of the pack run was guaranteed. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Keith?", Talia called when she noticed that his head was still lowered, and he was not part of the enthusiastic clamor. 
"Yes?" 
"Are you alright?" 
"Of course.", Keith responded quickly while trying to avoid eye contact with Damon or Talia. He didn't want any of them to see his emotional turmoil. 
'I am sorry, kitten.', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head. 'If I did this on the first day you arrived, many problems would be avoided. I was so focused on external dangers that I neglected the fact that our people would welcome my fated mate and they would help me keep you safe.' 
'There is no point in thinking about what-ifs.', Talia responded. 
Damon agreed. 'Let's live in the present and plan for the future.' He glanced toward the warriors and spoke in a normal voice, "You should select your guards." 
Talia was surprised by this. "My guards?" 
"When we are apart, I want you to have a few trustworthy people protecting you. I know that you can take care of yourself, but sometimes our enemies will attack sneakily or overwhelm you with numbers. Remember, I need you safe." Damon waited for Talia to nod in agreement before he continued, "I can assign you a few capable warriors right away, but it should be someone you are comfortable with." 
Talia didn't need to think about it. Anyone from the soccer team would do. They were all top-tier warriors, but a few stood out. 
"Keith!", Talia called and turned to see him staring at her with his eyes open wide, like he might collapse from shock if she says the wrong thing. "Will you…" 
"It will be my honor.", Keith quickly said and bowed his head again. He couldn't believe that Talia picked him to be her personal guard! 
Talia's lips lifted into a smile. "Sandy, Lulu, Pierce, Liam, Caleb? How about you guys?" 
They all confirmed and bowed with their fists over their chest. 
Talia turned to Damon. "That's six. Is that enough?" 
Damon didn't like a few candidates (the male ones). Keith was having feelings for Talia, Liam was the one with tattoos, and Pierce and Caleb were not peachy either, but he told Talia to pick, and it wouldn't be right to set restrictions now, so he swallowed his complaints. "It's perfect. If they don't perform as expected, you can replace them later." 
Damon spoke to the six people Talia named. "Your first job is tonight. I want you in the packhouse at eighteen hundred hours sharp. All of you will be in the packhouse for the night, and possibly tomorrow morning also. At least two of you are to have a visual on Talia at any point in time until I dismiss you. Understood?" 
Keith, Sandy, Lulu, Liam, Pierce, and Caleb confirmed. 
Talia was excited. She had her personal guards! And they were her friends. 
She was trying to imagine their reaction when she tells them that their first guarding job will be a failure because she needed to be somewhere else. Or maybe she shouldn't say anything and just give them a slip. They can't pick up her scent anyway, and she can say that she can't sleep when someone is in the room with her. As a precaution, Talia will tuck pillows under the comforter and make it look like she is sleeping in there. Perfect! 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 538 Talia, the negotiator
Chapter 538 Talia, the negotiator
Damon spoke to the warriors about the changes in the border patrols, and he worked with his generals to select squads who will flush out the rogues from the neutral territory so that they can temporarily merge the border with the Spring Leaf pack. 
This was new, and everyone was excited. 
Talia was impressed that no one had concerns about this as dangers would come from rogues and potentially from the Spring Leaf pack. 
'They will just follow your order even if they might be harmed?', Talia asked Damon through their mind-link. She knew that these were strong and prideful warriors, and she was worried that they might do something on their own when Damon is not watching over them. 
'This is not just my order.', Damon responded. 'They see that Caden and Maya are supporting this, and when the leadership is united, the rest will follow. That's why it's important that we stand together in front of our people. If you have any ions, voice them in private.' He turned to look at her seriously. 'I will never oppose you or question you in front of others.' And probably not in private either. 'If I do that, others will see it as a sign of discord and distrust. I want our people to trust you as much as they trust me.' 
Talia really admired Damon. He was one of the youngest Alphas around, yet he was so knowledgeable and she fell for him more. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon selected a group of warriors to stick around and spar with James and George inside the training center so that Calvin (the reporter for WW Magazine) can take photos. 
Damon and Talia sat on the exercising mats, with Damon's arm around Talia's shoulders as they observed the training. 
Keith, Sandy, Lulu, Liam, Pierce, and Caleb were sitting nearby and occasionally looking at Talia and Damon. Talia could guess that they were talking through the mind-link, and she wanted to invite them to sit closer to her and Damon, but Damon explained that her recently appointed personal guards won't be comfortable. 
'You can be friendly with them in private, but now that they know your identity, they will show you respect in front of others.', Damon said to Talia through their private mind-link. 'Don't think of it as demeaning. They are warriors and you are their superior. A military's might is amplified by discipline. We have a chain of command and rules to follow.' 
Talia was aware that she would need some time to get used to this. She remembered that Maya and Caden would walk behind Damon and address him by his title in front of others, and when it was just them, things would be informal. Will she be able to strike such a balance with her guards and be OK with it? Especially with Keith. She always looked at him as her trainer, someone who can guide her. Can she treat him as a subordinate? 
Talia decided to leave those thoughts for later. She knew that Damon was not just sitting next to her, he was monitoring the progress of removing rogues from the neutral territory by mind-linking the generals who were assigned to that task, but he was still by her side and Talia wanted to bask in his presence. 
She leaned on Damon completely while looking at the stars of this show, James and George. 
Talia was amused when she noticed Cornelia's various expressions. Cornelia grimaced when James punched someone, and her whole body tensed like she was about to jump in there when James received a hit. 
Dawn just gazed at George dreamily, and if this was a cartoon, Dawn would have hearts in her eyes. 
"Luna Talia!", a call was heard from the side. "Pardon me, I meant, Alpha Talia! Can I have a word with you?" 
Talia needed a moment to recognize the man, it was Calvin, the reporter. What did he want? 
"About what?", Talia asked. 
Calvin sat on the exercising mat while keeping a respectable distance from Talia, and he extended his hand that was holding a recorder toward Talia. 
"Alpha Talia, everyone would like to know, where did you meet Alpha Damon? When? How did it all unfold? When did you…" 
"Calvin", Damon called in a dangerously low voice. He was pissed that the reporter was coming here to disturb them and ask for more even though they gave him a chance to interview Marcy and to cover this training. Normally, this area was off-limits for reporters because they might accidentally leak secrets that should stay within the military. 
"You are here to interview Maya and to cover our collaboration with the Red Moon pack.", Damon reminded him. 
Calvin licked his lips nervously. "I am, but…" 
"No buts, Calvin", Damon interrupted him. "Are you so greedy for more that you will risk losing your current privileges?" 
Talia saw that Calvin was torn. He really wanted to interview Talia, but he didn't want to anger Damon. 
Calvin lowered his head and started moving away when Talia stopped him. 
"Calvin, I hope you can understand that these are sensitive times, and we want my position to be stable within the pack before outsiders find out about it. There is a reason why we didn't disclose we were mates so far.", Talia said with all the seriousness in the world. 
Calvin's eyes widened in understanding. "Are you saying that someone is targeting you?" 
"For your safety, I can't talk about it now." If you don't leave willingly, Damon will put you in a dungeon. "How about you join us in the packhouse for breakfast after the pack run?" Hopefully, by then, this mess will be cleared up. "At that time, I can give you an exclusive interview. Think about it. In this way, you will have front-page stories for two editions of WW Magazine. The first one is your coverage of Marcy's statement, with a side story of our collaboration with the Red Moon pack. Your next big scoop will be about me. Of course, Alpha Damon will also be able to answer your questions at that time because the main story is that the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack found his mate." 
Calvin smiled happily, feeling that he was part of this process and not just a side character. "Alright. Take care, Alpha Talia." He bowed a little. "Alpha Damon. We will see each other in two days." 
Talia confirmed. "Until then…" She put her index finger over her lips. 
Calvin gestured with his fingers like he was locking his mouth and throwing the key away, and then he turned and left. 
Damon was impressed. He was ready to use his aura to punish Calvin, or maybe he would throw the nosy reporter in the dungeon or maybe send him for survival training, yet Talia effortlessly negotiated with him. Isn't she the best? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 539 Time to go [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 539 Time to go [Bonus chapter]
Damon put his hand at the back of Talia's neck and pulled her closer to press his lips on her forehead. 
"You really are everything I need in my life.", he spoke against her skin. "How I wish that we can leave all this behind and just… be." 
Talia's heart expanded at the flood of emotions from Damon. The pure love and admiration were overwhelming, and there was some lust in there as well. 
She wished that they had privacy because then she would kiss him thoroughly, and they would make love until they collapse. She craved for that skin-to-skin contact when his presence is all around her and inside as well because only when they were together, she felt complete and no matter how close they were, it was not close enough. 
Talia's breathing picked up, reminding her that she was getting aroused and that she was surrounded by werewolves. Ah! What if they smell her? Talia was desperate to change the topic. 
"Are we going to just sit and watch?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "Should we be doing more than sitting and watching?" 
"Well, this is a training center. How about we spar?" 
Damon's lips lifted into a mischievous half-smile. "You want to spar with me? In front of everyone?" 
It took a few seconds for Talia to realize he was being naughty. 
"I meant… sparing." She put an emphasis on the last word. 
"I know you are eager to assess the changes after our marking but..." He leaned closer to speak in a low voice, "I'm not sure if we should engage in such activity here. Think about you charging at me, our bodies clashing, blood pumping, sweat dripping..." Damon chuckled when Talia's cheeks turned crimson as she knew very well that clashing, pumping, and dripping were beyond ambiguous. 
"Our sparring sessions should be kept private. Don't you think so?", Damon asked in a singing voice. 
Talia stared at the outrageous Alpha who was teasing her, but she couldn't deny that he was right, so she ended up nodding in response. 
Damon smiled in approval and leaned to peck her lips. "You will get a good sparring session, kitten. As soon as I'm back from that meeting, I will make sure you sweat completely." 
"People are watching.", Talia spoke in an urgent whisper, but she didn't move away. 
"Let them watch.", Damon said. "I am done hiding. Aren't you?" 
It was not the first time for Damon to kiss Talia in public. But this was in broad daylight, and people were sparring and wearing gym clothes and Damon still managed to make her forget everything and focus only on his presence like they were the only two people in the world. 
Sandy nudged Lulu with her elbow to look at Damon and Talia who were lost in their lovey-dovey bubble. 
"Aww, they are getting along well. It's obvious that our Alpha is smitten.", Lulu gushed. 
"Of course, they will get along well. They are mates.", Sandy responded. 
"Do you think they will have pups soon?", Lulu asked with sparkles in her eyes and Sandy was eager to start chatter about guessing when it will happen and how many babies they will have. 
"Now that we are Talia's personal guards, we will spend a lot of time with the Alpha couple.", Caleb chimed in. "If their pup is a boy, maybe he will be named after me. Future Alpha Caleb. I like it." 
Liam snorted. "Pleeeeease… He will be named after me and I will be godfather Liam. It has a nice ring to it!" 
"I will be Uncle Pierce!" 
Keith balled his hands into fists as the chatter around him grew. 
He was still recovering from the shock of Talia being Damon's mate. 
Since Keith met Talia and realized that Damon was possessive of her, Keith consoled himself that if he was patient, Damon will get bored of Talia, just as he did of numerous previous women, and then Keith will get his chance, but now he was out of chances. Mates are forever. 
Looking at Talia being happy with another man was painful, but at least she was happy and that should count for something. 
Keith listened to Lulu, Sandy, Pierce, Caleb, and Liam chatting about mates and babies, and he wondered if that was truly so magical as they described it. If only being with a mate can invoke deep emotions that would stir his wolf, what was this suffocating longing that was gripping his heart? 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The day passed quickly, and before Talia noticed, a glorious sunset marked the time for Damon to leave. 
"Be careful", Talia told him as they walked out of the packhouse to see Caden with Maya and four warriors already standing there next to Damon's black armored Lexus SUV. 
Damon was going with Caden and four warriors, but the warriors will stay with the plane because only Alpha and Beta can actually enter the location where the Council of Alphas was held. 
Damon didn't want to part from Talia, but she couldn't come with him, and she wouldn't be safe staying with the plane, so in addition to Talia having her personal guards, Damon doubled the patrols around the packhouse, fearing that Alpha Edward will try something sinister in Damon's absence. The news about Talia being Damon's mate was not publicized outside the Dark Howlers pack, but Damon knew that Alpha Edward had his sources and with Marcy out of the picture, the old man was furious, and Damon was confident that this ploy with the Council of Alphas was not the only thing Alpha Edward planned as part of his retaliation. 
Damon tightened his hold on Talia and gave her a long lingering kiss. "Stay safe, kitten", he murmured against her lips. "Don't worry about me. I will take care of things. I always do." 
"Don't do anything rashly.", Talia warned him. "And don't forget that you are not alone. There are people supporting you." 
Damon appreciated the pep talk, but what touched him was Talia's sincerity and conviction he could feel. She really meant it. 
He hummed in agreement before pecking her lips a few more times and stepping away from her with difficulty. 
Damon looked behind Talia to see Keith, Lulu, Sandy, Pierce, Caleb, and Liam standing in attention, and they all understood the silent threat that if anything happens to Talia in his absence, it will be their heads rolling. The six of them got rooms to use while on duty in the packhouse. 
Talia didn't notice Damon glaring at her guards because she was looking at Caden with concern. He was the one with the potion. 
Like he could feel Talia's gaze, Caden turned to look at her and he gave her a reassuring nod when their eyes met. 
Liseli had a theory that the mate bond was amplifying the effect of the potion, or maybe lessening the effect of the black runes, and that was why Damon's memories were intact even though he took the potion nearly twenty-four hours ago. Talia feared that with the distance between them increasing, the black runes might take over again, and then… she didn't want to think about it. Even if he forgets about her again, she will make him remember, because he would do the same for her if the roles were reversed. 
"Be a good girl", Damon said to Talia seriously. "I will come back to you tomorrow." 
"Not if I find you first.", Talia responded, making Damon's lips lift into a smile as he walked toward the car. 
Talia could feel that Damon was suppressing a heap of worries behind that smile, and he was doing it so that she was not troubled. He was worried about the possibility of forgetting about Talia again and acting like an ass who didn't want a mate, and he was worried about what will happen at the Council of Alphas, but he hated the most that they will spend the night apart. 
'After this, we won't be apart anymore.', Talia's voice sounded in Damon's mind. 'No meeting will keep me away from you.' 
'You have a deal, Mrs. Blake.', Damon responded, and Talia could feel the joy sparking inside him. 
The car disappeared behind trees after a turn on the driveway, and Talia called, "Maya! There is something we need to talk about." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 540 Talia’s determination (1)
Chapter 540 Talia's determination (1)
Talia was in the study with Maya, James, and Cornelia. 
"You are a what?", Maya asked Talia in disbelief. 
The lack of response from James and Cornelia told Maya that the couple knew about it already! 
"I am the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack.", Talia repeated. 
"How? When did that happen? Aren't you Damon's mate? Can you lead two packs? Or will you merge them into one?..." 
Talia lifted her hands, to stop Maya's flood of questions. She didn't have answers to those anyway. 
"It's a long story, but Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia are relieved from their positions. I am the Alpha, and Axel is my proxy with his mate, Luna Yasmin. Yasmin is a witch, from the same Coven as Cornelia. I don't have much time, and I need your help." 
"What's the rush?", Maya asked. 
"As the Alpha, I want to attend the Council of Alphas.", Talia said. 
"If you want to attend it, why didn't you go with…", Maya's voice trailed when she realized, "Damon doesn't know." 
Talia spread her arms helplessly in front of Maya's accusatory look. "I tried to tell him, but he was busy with other stuff and there was no right time. Besides, didn't you see how worried he was about my safety? He wouldn't let me go." 
Maya couldn't believe this. "And what do you think, how will he react when you waltz into that meeting?" 
That might be a problem, but… "Damon told me that he would never oppose me in front of outsiders. No matter what he thinks, once I'm in there, he will know that's my way of helping him, and if he causes trouble it will only hurt him and me. He might be angry, but he would never put me in danger. It will be alright." 
Maya pinched the roof of her nose. "Great. Just great. You plan to get into trouble, and you just made me an accomplice." She released a long breath. "Tell me what do you plan to do?" 
Talia glanced at Cornelia. "Cornelia will teleport me to the Lightclaw pack. Kalina is expecting me, and I will meet up with Axel there. It's the closest one to the location of the meeting." 
"You already figured all that out.", Maya grumbled. "Why do you need me?" She thought of something. "Do you want me to go there as your Beta?" 
"No.", Talia rejected Maya. "People know you are Beta of the Dark Howlers pack, and if you appear there, they might question my presence also. I need you to ensure no one knows I'm out at least until the Council meeting starts. Cornelia will return soon, but I will stay overnight. If Damon or Caden call to ask about me, I need you to tell them that everything is fine." 
Maya pursed her lips. "Did you forget that two guys are standing in front of the study right now and they will have a shift change every four hours?" 
How could Talia forget that Liam and Pierce had the first shift of guarding Talia? "That's where you come in." 
"Why don't you just tell them that you will be away?" 
"They are warriors.", Talia said matter-of-factly. "They have orders from Damon to keep an eye on me, and if I tell them otherwise it will be opposing Damon's order and forcing them to pick between the two of us. I can't do that to them, or to Damon. I already argued with them to wait outside." 
Maya made a face. "In order to spare the feelings of your guards and Damon, you are throwing me into the fire?" 
Talia looked at Maya guiltily. "When you put it that way, it sounds bad." 
"Do you know what else sounds bad?", Maya asked grumpily. "You going there, and something happens to you. Damon will cause a bloodbath until he finds you and none of us will survive until the pack run. Did you think about that? Who knows you will be going there?" 
Talia hesitated. "Axel, James, Cornelia, and you." She spoke to Kalina and told her that she will come to visit, but without any details. 
Maya was outraged and she looked at James and Cornelia, her furious expression was asking them why they didn't talk some sense in Talia, but the duo in question was just sitting in silence. They didn't want to meddle. Talia told them that Cornelia only needed to take Talia to the Lightclaw pack, and their involvement with this flaky plan was over. James talked to Talia about the Council, and he believed that she will know what to do. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Maya exhaled in frustration. "So, no one relevant knows. Talia, what are you thinking? This is not about you sneaking to eat ice cream when it's not allowed, this is about you going into the enemy territory, without a plan and without alerting your allies. It's suicide." 
Talia was touched, and she knew that Maya means well, but she was running out of time, and she needed to show that she can handle this. She must do this for herself, for Damon, and for the Dark Howlers pack. What's the point of her being Luna or Alpha, and what's the point of her powers if she will hide while her mate is fighting for them? 
Talia stood up and spoke with confidence. 
"Alphas are gathering with an intention to band against Damon because they are greedy. If things don't end well, the Dark Howlers pack will suffer. Damon needs all the help he could get. Would you be able to sit it out if Caden is in trouble and you believe you can help him?" 
Talia's eyes started glowing in silvery light. 
"Did you forget who I am? I am the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack." The silvery glow pulsated all around Talia's body. "There is a reason why Axel is not the Alpha. Do I need to tell you which one is it?" 
Maya gaped at Talia who was now completely shrouded in silvery light. Maya saw Talia glowing like that when she was saving Damon from the black mist the previous evening, but now that Talia was standing in front of her, it looked much more impressive. 
Maya wondered, did Talia ask her something? Yes, it was about the rules of how Alpha was being determined and Maya knew that only power matters because in their world, the strongest ones stand at the top, and right now Talia looked like her position was not on the top, but way above everything on Earth. 
The silvery light splashed on Maya, making her feel like a pleasant breeze enveloped her, bringing peace and happiness with it. Maya never felt anything like it. 
Without thinking, Maya lowered her head. "I understand, Alpha Talia. I will do my best to assist you." 
"Thank you, Maya.", Talia said with relief obvious in her voice. She really didn't want to argue or use force. After all, Maya was her friend and Talia didn't want to remind her of Damon's instructions that said how Talia is an Alpha, Damon's equal, and that members of the Dark Howlers pack should treat her as such. Maya included. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 541 Talia’s determination (2)
Chapter 541 Talia's determination (2)
Maya lifted her head to see that Talia was not glowing anymore. 
"What's the plan? How will you get out of here without your guards noticing?", Maya asked. "I can distract them for some time, but not for the whole night." 
Talia was pleased to see that Maya was onboard. "Cornelia prepared a teleporting diagram in the groove beyond the garden. We will sneak through the back exit using the blind spots of security cameras, and Cornelia will return the same way." Actually, if someone sees Cornelia returning, no one will care. 
"I will also go with you.", James said. "Cora is still new in this realm, and I don't want anyone to take advantage of her." James had no intention to separate from Cornelia. 
Talia didn't mind if James comes but she found it super cute that they were holding hands and there was that adorable nickname also. Cora. 
Talia spoke to Maya, "The idea is that we will tell my guards how we are doing a sleepover in my room, or yours. The fact that I'm with you, the Beta, should make my guards relax a bit and they won't dare to come and disturb us." 
Maya saw so many problems with this, but even if the crazy idea works, there was still one issue. "You sneaking out like that will be perceived as their incompetence. Damon will either punish them or relieve them of their duty. But even if a miracle happens and they come out of this scot-free, it will be a smear in their record as warriors." 
"Not if I tell Damon that I used my power on them." 
Maya's interest was piqued. "What power?" 
"For them not to notice me leaving." 
"Do you have such power?", Maya asked. 
"No. But they don't know that.", Talia responded with a grin. 
Maya looked at Talia helplessly. 
"Maya, I know you are worried, and I am worried as well, but for other reasons. I took the herbs to suppress my scent so they can't track me and they won't care if Cornelia's or your scents are here or not. As for pacifying Damon, leave him to me. I gave him a slip several times and he won't have any right to call others incompetent because they lost me." 
Maya agreed with this point. She remembered when Talia went into the forest and Damon summoned all warriors to search for her, and then he went to fetch Talia personally. Talia was skilled in moving without being noticed, it was like her super-power. 
Maya had another question. "When are you going?" 
Talia glanced at the time. "In fifteen minutes." 
Maya was not happy with this. "If you can teleport there, why are you going this early? Why not at dawn?" Then Maya won't need to lie to Talia's guards for a long time, and with any luck, they will think that Talia is sleeping. 
"There are things I need to settle in the Lightclaw pack before Alpha Magnus goes to attend the meeting.", Talia said. 
Maya's eyes darted randomly as she connected the dots. "You want to persuade Alpha Magnus to support Damon." 
"I hope I can do that.", Talia responded. 
"You will need much more than hope, Lia.", Maya said. "Alpha Magnus is not an easy man to sway." 
"All this is happening because Alpha Edward wants Marcy to be Damon's Luna. Alpha Magnus and Luna Alicia are fated mates and I believe that he will understand how pushing into Damon's arms Marcy or any other when he has a fated mate is not the right thing to do. It goes against the will of the Moon Goddess." Or something like that. 
Maya puffed her cheeks. "You are forgetting that Alpha Magnus is a misogynist. Damon pampers you because of his feelings, because of the mate bond, because he doesn't want you for benefits, and because he sees women and men as equals. Luna Alicia is not so lucky as Alpha Magnus appreciates her in the bedroom and how she manages the packhouse, but when it comes to the pack business and important stuff, she is being pushed aside. No matter what your arguments are, you will be lucky if he doesn't kick you out of his study. Types like Alpha Magnus think of women as decorative vases." 
Talia knew that Maya was saying that because she came from a pack where patriarchy ruled, and females were treated as baby machines that needed to clean and please their mates. And maybe the situation there was still the same. Talia wondered if she could persuade Damon to go there and see if they can make some changes, but she couldn't get distracted by those issues now. 
"I don't expect it will be easy.", Talia said. "But I won't know unless I try. As for benefits, won't it be enough to think that we will be allies? Just by being on good terms with Damon and me, the Lightclaw pack will prosper." 
Maya snorted. "Good luck with that." She looked at Talia seriously. "Alpha Magnus won't be easy to talk to. No matter what happens, don't lose your temper. If you use your power on him, it's a declaration of war." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Maya, Cornelia, and Talia went to Maya's room. It was on the second floor, and Cornelia and Talia decided to come out of the window, and then use the cover of bushes to meet with James who will be waiting for them in the garden. 
"Keith and Caleb will want to see you on our shift change.", Liam told Talia as she was about to close the door of Maya's room. 
"That won't be necessary.", Talia said. "We will be wearing nightgowns and if Alpha or Beta find out that you saw us like that, you will be in trouble." 
Liam and Pierce exchanged concerned gazes. Damon told them that at any moment at least two guards should be looking at Talia, and she already spent half an hour in the study without them! 
"Don't tell me that you want to join us in bed.", Maya said while standing behind Talia. "I will be with her. What can go wrong?" So many things, but Maya didn't dare say that aloud. 
Talia wanted to talk with her guards and explain the whole sleepover thing, but Maya said how that won't be necessary. 
"The more you talk about it, the more suspicious it will get. This is their first night in the packhouse and let them think that these sleepovers are normal.", Maya advised. 
With all that settled, and guards accepting to stay in the hallway without intruding unless there is a cry for help, Talia moved toward the open window and looked down. 
"How do we get out? Jump?" It didn't look safe. 
"With this.", Maya said, and Talia's eyes widened at the sight of a long rope. 
"Why do you have such a thing in your room?" 
Maya smiled mischievously. "You don't need to know. I didn't think it will come in handy outside of bed." 
Talia gaped at Maya. She knew that Maya and Caden were playful, but… ropes? The most she did with Damon was when he covered her eyes but then, maybe in a few years, they will be adventurous to try other things as well. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 542 Talia’s determination (2)
Chapter 542 Talia's determination (2)
Maya lifted her head to see that Talia was not glowing anymore. 
"What's the plan? How will you get out of here without your guards noticing?", Maya asked. "I can distract them for some time, but not for the whole night." 
Talia was pleased to see that Maya was onboard. "Cornelia prepared a teleporting diagram in the groove beyond the garden. We will sneak through the back exit using the blind spots of security cameras, and Cornelia will return the same way." Actually, if someone sees Cornelia returning, no one will care. 
"I will also go with you.", James said. "Cora is still new in this realm, and I don't want anyone to take advantage of her." James had no intention to separate from Cornelia. 
Talia didn't mind if James comes but she found it super cute that they were holding hands and there was that adorable nickname also. Cora. 
Talia spoke to Maya, "The idea is that we will tell my guards how we are doing a sleepover in my room, or yours. The fact that I'm with you, the Beta, should make my guards relax a bit and they won't dare to come and disturb us." 
Maya saw so many problems with this, but even if the crazy idea works, there was still one issue. "You sneaking out like that will be perceived as their incompetence. Damon will either punish them or relieve them of their duty. But even if a miracle happens and they come out of this scot-free, it will be a smear in their record as warriors." 
"Not if I tell Damon that I used my power on them." 
Maya's interest was piqued. "What power?" 
"For them not to notice me leaving." 
"Do you have such power?", Maya asked. 
"No. But they don't know that.", Talia responded with a grin. 
Maya looked at Talia helplessly. 
"Maya, I know you are worried, and I am worried as well, but for other reasons. I took the herbs to suppress my scent so they can't track me and they won't care if Cornelia's or your scents are here or not. As for pacifying Damon, leave him to me. I gave him a slip several times and he won't have any right to call others incompetent because they lost me." 
Maya agreed with this point. She remembered when Talia went into the forest and Damon summoned all warriors to search for her, and then he went to fetch Talia personally. Talia was skilled in moving without being noticed, it was like her super-power. 
Maya had another question. "When are you going?" 
Talia glanced at the time. "In fifteen minutes." 
Maya was not happy with this. "If you can teleport there, why are you going this early? Why not at dawn?" Then Maya won't need to lie to Talia's guards for a long time, and with any luck, they will think that Talia is sleeping. 
"There are things I need to settle in the Lightclaw pack before Alpha Magnus goes to attend the meeting.", Talia said. 
Maya's eyes darted randomly as she connected the dots. "You want to persuade Alpha Magnus to support Damon." 
"I hope I can do that.", Talia responded. 
"You will need much more than hope, Lia.", Maya said. "Alpha Magnus is not an easy man to sway." 
"All this is happening because Alpha Edward wants Marcy to be Damon's Luna. Alpha Magnus and Luna Alicia are fated mates and I believe that he will understand how pushing into Damon's arms Marcy or any other when he has a fated mate is not the right thing to do. It goes against the will of the Moon Goddess." Or something like that. 
Maya puffed her cheeks. "You are forgetting that Alpha Magnus is a misogynist. Damon pampers you because of his feelings, because of the mate bond, because he doesn't want you for benefits, and because he sees women and men as equals. Luna Alicia is not so lucky as Alpha Magnus appreciates her in the bedroom and how she manages the packhouse, but when it comes to the pack business and important stuff, she is being pushed aside. No matter what your arguments are, you will be lucky if he doesn't kick you out of his study. Types like Alpha Magnus think of women as decorative vases." 
Talia knew that Maya was saying that because she came from a pack where patriarchy ruled, and females were treated as baby machines that needed to clean and please their mates. And maybe the situation there was still the same. Talia wondered if she could persuade Damon to go there and see if they can make some changes, but she couldn't get distracted by those issues now. 
"I don't expect it will be easy.", Talia said. "But I won't know unless I try. As for benefits, won't it be enough to think that we will be allies? Just by being on good terms with Damon and me, the Lightclaw pack will prosper." 
Maya snorted. "Good luck with that." She looked at Talia seriously. "Alpha Magnus won't be easy to talk to. No matter what happens, don't lose your temper. If you use your power on him, it's a declaration of war." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Maya, Cornelia, and Talia went to Maya's room. It was on the second floor, and Cornelia and Talia decided to come out of the window, and then use the cover of bushes to meet with James who will be waiting for them in the garden. 
"Keith and Caleb will want to see you on our shift change.", Liam told Talia as she was about to close the door of Maya's room. 
"That won't be necessary.", Talia said. "We will be wearing nightgowns and if Alpha or Beta find out that you saw us like that, you will be in trouble." 
Liam and Pierce exchanged concerned gazes. Damon told them that at any moment at least two guards should be looking at Talia, and she already spent half an hour in the study without them! 
"Don't tell me that you want to join us in bed.", Maya said while standing behind Talia. "I will be with her. What can go wrong?" So many things, but Maya didn't dare say that aloud. 
Talia wanted to talk with her guards and explain the whole sleepover thing, but Maya said how that won't be necessary. 
"The more you talk about it, the more suspicious it will get. This is their first night in the packhouse and let them think that these sleepovers are normal.", Maya advised. 
With all that settled, and guards accepting to stay in the hallway without intruding unless there is a cry for help, Talia moved toward the open window and looked down. 
"How do we get out? Jump?" It didn't look safe. 
"With this.", Maya said, and Talia's eyes widened at the sight of a long rope. 
"Why do you have such a thing in your room?" 
Maya smiled mischievously. "You don't need to know. I didn't think it will come in handy outside of bed." 
Talia gaped at Maya. She knew that Maya and Caden were playful, but… ropes? The most she did with Damon was when he covered her eyes but then, maybe in a few years, they will be adventurous to try other things as well. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 543 Seeking audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 543 Seeking audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, Leigh_56, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 25, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
At the Lightclaw pack, Tony and Kalina were expecting Talia in their suite that included a small living area. 
Cornelia and James decided to stick around because Axel will come with Yasmin to give the token to Talia, and Cornelia wanted to see Yasmin before heading back to the Dark Howlers pack. 
"To what do we owe this pleasure, Lia?", Kalina asked after the introductions were done. Both Kalina and Tony were surprised to see James (aka a teen from a hostile pack) and Cornelia (aka the new face). 
"How come you are here without Damon?" Kalina glanced at Talia's neck and smiled at the sight of a pinkish mark forming there. "We saw each other only a few days ago, yet you seem so different." 
"A lot of things happened, but before we start catching up, we need to take care of some business.", Talia said and turned to Tony. "I need to talk to your father." 
"He is in his study, discussing things with his Beta. It seems there is something going on, and he will leave in the middle of the night. When do you want to see him?" 
"Now.", Talia responded. 
Tony's expression told her that it won't be easy. "I can tell him you are here, but there is no guarantee he will see you now." 
"I need to talk to him, Tony.", Talia pleaded. "It's important." 
"What's going on?", Kalina asked. 
Talia didn't want to waste time, but she knew that Tony won't be supportive without knowing at least a part of the story. 
"You all probably heard about Marcy leaving this morning.", Talia said and when Kalina and Tony nodded, Talia gave them a short version of how Alpha Edward was not pleased that he lost a pawn that could give him access to resources of the Dark Howlers pack, so he summoned the Council of Alphas. "They will meet at dawn. Alpha Magnus is preparing for that meeting. I don't know what Alpha Edward is up to, but he is definitely plotting against Damon." Talia turned to Tony. "I need your father to understand the situation and I hope that he won't side with the bad guys. If they get the majority of votes to suppress Damon and the Dark Howlers pack, Damon won't allow it to happen without retaliation." 
Tony's face was arranged in a deep frown. He heard all kinds of stories about Alpha Edward, but was it OK to talk like that in front of James, aka Alpha Edward's son? And why was James more focused on the dark-skinned beauty by his side than on the verbal smackdown of the Red Moon? One should look at a woman like that only if they were mates, and James was definitely too young for such things. 
Tony dispelled his thoughts about James and Cornelia because there were more important things to think about. 
Tony realized that they might be on the verge of a massive war among werewolves, yet his father was keeping him in the dark. Tony felt useless. 
He was the future Alpha with his mate by his side, and a pack, and Talia was just a not-acknowledged mate of an Alpha, yet she spoke with conviction that stirred other people to support her. 
But no matter how strong Talia's heart was, Tony knew his father was, and he was aware that she was about to attempt the impossible. However, he didn't want to discourage Talia before she even tried. 
"I will talk to him and do my best to secure you a meeting." 
"Thank you, Tony.", Talia said with sincerity. "It needs to happen before he leaves. That's all I'm asking from you." 
Tony glanced toward James and Cornelia. "Who else will be attending?" 
"Just me.", Talia said. "If you can skip telling your father that James is here, that would be for the best." 
Tony looked at James in confusion. Why would they conceal James' presence? 
"My father doesn't know I'm here and I would like to keep it that way.", James said without further explanations. 
Tony didn't comment on this. He went to talk to his father, and Talia checked her phone before turning to Kalina. "Axel will be here with his mate soon. No matter what you hear, I hope it can stay between us and please, don't panic." 
Kalina's eyebrows shoot up. "I am already panicking. Tell me, how bad is it?" 
"Alpha Edward feels that Damon is a threat, and he was using Marcy to get his hands on Damon's resources. Now that it failed, we believe he will turn hostile." 
"Hostile? Like a war?", Kalina asked grimly. A war between the two largest packs will drag in everyone else. 
Talia didn't deny it. "That's why I need to talk to Alpha Magnus. If Alpha Edward doesn't have the support of the majority of Alphas, they won't be able to start anything openly. In order to be more effective, tell me something about Alpha Magnus." 
Kalina grimaced. "He is prideful and thinks that he knows everything. To be honest, I don't think you should talk to him on your own. At least go with Tony." 
Talia didn't want to implicate Tony, especially if she fails. Tony might be punished. But then, Kalina wouldn't suggest for Tony to accompany her just because of moral support. "What will Tony do?" 
"Alpha Magnus won't bully you with Tony around." 
Talia needed a minute to understand Kalina's words. "Did he bully you?" 
"I don't know if I would call it bullying but…" Kalina paused while contemplating how much she should say. "You see, Tony believes that women should get roles other than Omegas in this pack, and the pack members support him, yet Alpha Magnus thinks that's one of the radical ideas I planted in Tony's mind. Alpha Magnus didn't hit me or anything like that, but he made a point that I'm disturbing the pack and the order he is painstakingly maintaining, and that as the future Luna, I should know better. When we returned from your pack, Tony said how he is considering between Nate and Greg who will be his Beta, and Alpha Magnus lost it. The old guy is pushing for Paul to be Tony's Beta because Paul's father is the current Beta, and somehow, I was blamed for this as well because it seems that before meeting me, Tony was much more obedient, so… you get the picture." 
Talia nodded stiffly. She got the picture alright. It was a picture of a grumpy old man in power who was suppressing anyone who might jeopardize him or his so-called order. But was it really hopeless? 
Talia remembered one person. "What about Luna Alicia? How does she fit into this picture?" 
Kalina shrugged. "Luna Alicia is a good person, and she is encouraging Tony to do what he believes it's right, but that's only in private. Whenever Alpha Magnus is in the room, she turns quiet." 
Talia interpreted this as: Tony's mother is supportive but useless. 
The more Talia thought about her upcoming chat with Alpha Magnus, the less confidence she had. 
She imagined grumpy Elders, and how she would deal with them without Damon around. Even in her head, it seemed to be impossible. 
How was she supposed to reason with him? 
Talia's mind worked a million thoughts a second. 'Liseli, what do you think?' 
'We can always suppress the bastard and force him to do what we want.' 
Talia rejected that idea. 'What happens when suppression is over, and he retaliates? I can't go into that meeting while mind-controlling Alpha Magnus.' Assuming that's even possible. 
'I can try to put pressure on his mind and brainwash him.', Liseli suggested. 'But that's risky. If I use too less, it won't work, and if it's too much, he might become a vegetable.' 
'Can your ideas be less violent?', Talia asked. 
Liseli snorted. 'Your less violent won't produce any results. You either want results or not. We are running out of time.' 
Talia couldn't believe this. Talking with Alpha Magnus had close to zero chances of success, and violence was not an option. Now what?
###Chapter 544 Audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (1)
Chapter 544 Audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (1)
Axel, Yasmin, and Meg arrived, and Talia asked the newcomers to drop the formalities before introducing Yasmin to James and Kalina. 
"Did you say, she is a witch?", Kalina asked with sparkles in her eyes, reminding Talia that Kalina and Maya are magic-obsessed buddies. 
So far, no one said the w-word, so Kalina didn't suspect anything, thinking that Cornelia is just a human female who caught James' attention. However, when introducing Yasmin, Talia said how Yasmin is Axel's mate and a witch. A witch! 
"I told you that you will hear things and not to panic." Talia reminded Kalina. "I am actually from the Midnight Guardians pack. From there, you can reach a place where witches live, and that's from where Yasmin and Cornelia came." 
Kalina gaped at Talia, unsure which one of these to process first, and then she looked at Yasmin and Cornelia who were talking in whispers. "When you say, witches, you mean spells and potions and stuff, right?" 
Talia shook her head helplessly. "You can ask them." 
"You found your mate!", Yasmin exclaimed, making Talia and Kalina look that way. 
Kalina's brows came together when she realized that Yasmin was talking about James whose chest was puffed, resembling a peacock. 
"Isn't James underage?", Kalina asked in a whisper. 
"Yes. He doesn't feel the bond fully, but Cornelia can feel it." 
Kalina needed a moment. This was just one bomb after another. But she knew by now that James had Talia's trust which meant that he was not really a bad kid, but… he was a kid, the future Alpha of the greediest pack in existence, and Kalina could imagine that James will have many challenges if he wants to take Cornelia home with him, yet the possibility of them separating them was equally difficult. Once werewolves become aware of their mates, their whole world shifts with the center of gravity set on the mate and Kalina felt sorry for the couple. 
Sure, life in the Lightclaw pack restricted many freedoms Kalina had so far, but at least she got to be with her mate, and Tony was working hard with a promise that things will be better once he takes over as the Alpha. Kalina could see a better tomorrow coming in a foreseeable future, but with James being only sixteen years-old, he won't be an adult for another two years, and who knows how long Alpha Edward will delay giving James the Alpha position? 
Before Kalina could ask more questions, the door opened, and Tony appeared. 
Tony greeted the newcomers and looked at Meg with a complex expression. He didn't know she will be there. Meg was supposed to be his Beta, his second in command, but she found her mate in another pack, and the only thing Tony could say was, "It's good to see you, Meg. Is the Midnight Guardians pack treating you well?" 
Meg knew not to talk about changes in the leadership in the Midnight Guardians pack until Axel and Talia make it official. "Things are great. How are things here?" 
"You probably know that a storm is brewing.", Tony responded and turned to Talia who was looking at him anxiously. "My father will see you now. He told me that you get five minutes." 
Talia nodded in understanding. She was grateful that she got that much. "Let's go." 
Axel grabbed Talia's arm. "Where are you going?" 
"To speak with Alpha Magnus. I didn't tell you everything over the phone, but the situation is not good, and we need Alpha Magnus on our side." 
"I will join you.", Axel said with finality and Talia knew that he won't let her go without him. 
"OK.", Talia agreed. "But please, let me handle it." 
Axel agreed. "Unless he tries to bully you, I will stand on the side." 
"Kalina, Meg", Talia called. "I trust that you will keep Yasmin, Cornelia, and James safe until we return." 
"Just go.", Kalina said with a big smile on her face. Why was Talia so official? This was Kalina's and Tony's oasis, and no one will disturb them. But, why was Meg bowing to Talia? More questions. 
Seeing that Yasmin was chattering with Cornelia and that James was listening to two witches talking, Kalina pulled Meg to the side with, "Tell me about the Midnight Guardians pack. How is life with Kai? Why didn't he come? Did you come here to visit your parents? How long are you staying? ..." 
Meg looked at Kalina helplessly, unsure from where to start. But Meg was equally interested to hear what was going on in the Lightclaw pack, so she was asking questions of her own. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Alpha Magnus was alone in the study, sitting behind his executive desk when Tony arrived with Talia and Axel. 
"Future Alpha Axel", Alpha Magnus greeted first without getting up. "I was not aware that you are here." 
Actually, until Tony came to tell him that Talia wants an audience, Alpha Magnus didn't know Talia was there either, and he thought of giving a good scolding to his security. How can they have outsiders in the packhouse without him knowing about it? 
"This is not an official visit.", Axel said. 
There were two chairs in front of the desk, and Axel gestured for Talia to take a seat before he stood behind her, making him look like a guard. Tony was also standing on the side, so only Talia was sitting out of the three, leaving an empty chair next to her. 
"Thank you for agreeing to see me, Alpha Magnus", Talia started with pleasantries even though the old guy technically ignored her so far. "I know you are a busy man." 
"Since you know I'm busy, why don't you get to the point? I hope it's worth my time." 
Talia noticed the unpleasant attitude Alpha Magnus didn't show last time. Was it because Damon was not present now? Maya and Kalina warned her that Alpha Magnus was not easy to talk to, but Talia didn't think he will be outright rude. How bad would it be if Axel was not with her? Talia pushed those questions to the side. 
"This is about the upcoming Council of the Alphas. Alpha Edward requested this meeting because he is displeased that his daughter failed in becoming the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Alpha Edward is set on increasing his power and he wants to use the Council of Alphas to suppress Damon." 
Seeing Alpha Magnus' amused expression, Talia realized that he knew all this already and he was looking at her like a child who was complaining about some petty squabble on the playground. 
Talia decided to change her tactic. 
"Will you stand up against Alpha Edward? Or will you allow him to use you so that he gets stronger?" 
Alpha Magnus' face darkened. "No one uses me." 
"I was not talking only about you, Alpha Magnus. I was talking about all Alphas that are going there without an intention to do the right thing." 
"Oh? And what's the right thing to do?" 
"This is an obvious case of Alpha Edward trying to use numbers in order to bully Damon. Unless you oppose it openly, your silence will support it." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 545 Audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (2)
Chapter 545 Audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (2)
"Miss Talia", Alpha Magnus called. "Are you expecting me to interfere with the issue of an Alpha refusing to make a she-wolf his chosen mate?" 
"That's not what I'm expecting from you. That's what Alpha Edward is expecting.", Talia responded matter-of-factly. "He will twist this into an issue of Damon abusing his power and being incompetent, but the reality is that this meeting is called because Marcy didn't achieve her goal. Everyone knows that. However, what you don't know is that Damon found his fated mate. I hear that Luna Alicia is your fated mate. What would you do if someone tries to match you with another woman? Damon wouldn't accept Marcy or any other no matter how much pressure is put on him." 
Alpha Magnus listened to Talia with a stiff expression. 
Did he get her point? Sure. Based on the information he got, Damon's fated mate was right there in his office, trying to convince him to support Damon, however… "That's a touching story, miss Talia, but I don't understand why you are telling it now, here, to me. I thought I was clear that I don't have much time, yet you came here to waste it." 
Talia suppressed her rage that flared at his condescending tone. "Waste it?" 
"Are you really expecting me to meddle in Alpha Damon's choice of his Luna? Or in the efforts of Alpha Edward to create a bond through marriage with the Dark Howlers pack? You mentioned how Alicia is my fated mate. Three decades ago, I chose Alicia to be my Luna. And if at that time I decided to reject her and pick another woman to be my Luna, I wouldn't be kind to people standing in my way. Do you understand that?" 
Talia's brows came together as she processed his words. Of course, she understood that, but… "This is about Alpha Edward trying…" 
"Yeah, yeah…", Alpha Magnus interrupted Talia. "Alpha Edward wants to get more powerful. What's new about that? A better question would be, what's wrong with that? Alphas want to grow so they can protect their people, it's normal. Let's stop pretending how this is about mates, doing the right thing, and other sentimental crap because that's not how things work. If Alpha Damon was here, asking for my assistance, he would offer me something in return. He would offer me something that would make me happy so that I can make him happy. That's how things work, Miss Talia. There is no such thing as a free lunch. So let me rephrase my question. Are you here to offer me something, or just to waste my time?" 
Talia couldn't believe this. Weren't Alpha Magnus and Damon on friendly terms? James told her that Alpha Magnus was selfish and thinking only about benefits, but she hoped that when facing her, he won't be so shameless. 
Talia didn't need to look to her left to know that Tony's head was down and his hands were balled into fists. Tony didn't like this, but he didn't dare say anything against his father. This was wrong, so wrong. 
"Damon is your ally. Will you turn your back to him now when he needs you because there are no direct benefits? What about the friendly relationship between your packs? What about Damon training and mentoring Tony? They are friends, good friends. Doesn't that count for something?" 
Alpha Magnus looked at Talia mockingly. "You talk about friendship and Tony, but how does that relate to me?" 
Talia couldn't believe this. "Isn't Tony your son? Isn't he the future Alpha of this pack? By helping Damon now, you will set a good stage for a good collaboration between Tony and Damon for years to come. Don't tell me you don't see it." Talia shook her head. "Of course, you see it, but you don't care because the only thing that concerns you are your benefits." 
Alpha Magnus didn't like the way Talia spoke, but Axel was right there, glaring at him, so he controlled his temper and responded, "This is not about MY benefits. I am thinking about my pack. That's what Alphas do." 
"Bullshit!", Talia squeezed through her teeth. "How about you drop the act and admit that this is only about you? If you are thinking about the Lightclaw pack, you would invest more in your son. He is the future of this pack, not you. But instead of training him, you encouraged Tony to travel and have fun. Tony trusted that you have his interests at heart, yet you denied him years of proper education and now people are talking about him as a failure. Damon is the one trying to fix your wrongs. Tony has good ideas, yet you are ignoring…" 
"How dare you!", Alpha Magnus snapped. "Who do you think you are?" 
"She is…", Axel stopped talking when Talia raised her hand. 
"He doesn't need to know who I am, Axel.", Talia said while standing up slowly, unable to sit still as anger swelled within her. 
'Shameless goat!', Liseli shouted in Talia's mind. 'Let me give him some pain.' 
Talia ignored her bloodthirsty wolf and spoke to Axel while looking at Alpha Magnus. 
"He doesn't deserve to know who I am. He is just a greedy Alpha who will ruin the lives of thousands so that he can enjoy a few years pretending to be important." 
"Did you just…?" 
"Insult you?", Talia interrupted Alpha Magnus as Liseli's rage amplified Talia's. "That's the least you should…" 
'Kitten?', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's mind. 'What's going on?' 
Talia paused. Why was Damon in her head? And he sounded concerned. 
Damon was in a plane and Caden was telling him about the things that happened recently, in case the black runes flare again and Damon forgets about Talia. Caden's update was focused on the Dark Howlers pack and the dangers they were facing, without mentioning Talia. In that way, Damon's memory related to the pack business and dealing with Alpha Edward will be intact even with Talia gone. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia didn't think that their mind-link will work across such a distance, and she definitely forgot that he can feel her emotions. 
Damon wanted to know what was going on, and Talia had no intention of telling him where she was. 
'Nothing, Damon', Talia responded. 'It's just me thinking about what awaits for you at that meeting and backstabbing Alphas and… I got upset.' 
'It will be fine, kitten.', Damon coaxed her, his deep voice healed the cracks her anger created. 'I will do everything I can to keep you safe. No one will jeopardize what we have as long as there is a fight in me.' 
'I know.' 
Talia knew that Damon would do everything he could, but what about her? Was she really giving it her all, or was she tiptoeing while trying not to offend anyone? Was there a scenario where everyone will be happy? Or was she supposed to look only after her interests, like Alpha Magnus and other greedy people? 
Regardless of what the answers were, she didn't want to worry Damon. 
'Focus on your thing, Damon, and I will do my part.', Talia said. 
'Alright. I miss you.' 
Talia smiled at this cheesy line, but the truth was that she missed him as well. 'I miss you too, Damon. Stay safe and… see you soon.' 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 546 Audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (2)
Chapter 546 Audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (2)
"Miss Talia", Alpha Magnus called. "Are you expecting me to interfere with the issue of an Alpha refusing to make a she-wolf his chosen mate?" 
"That's not what I'm expecting from you. That's what Alpha Edward is expecting.", Talia responded matter-of-factly. "He will twist this into an issue of Damon abusing his power and being incompetent, but the reality is that this meeting is called because Marcy didn't achieve her goal. Everyone knows that. However, what you don't know is that Damon found his fated mate. I hear that Luna Alicia is your fated mate. What would you do if someone tries to match you with another woman? Damon wouldn't accept Marcy or any other no matter how much pressure is put on him." 
Alpha Magnus listened to Talia with a stiff expression. 
Did he get her point? Sure. Based on the information he got, Damon's fated mate was right there in his office, trying to convince him to support Damon, however… "That's a touching story, miss Talia, but I don't understand why you are telling it now, here, to me. I thought I was clear that I don't have much time, yet you came here to waste it." 
Talia suppressed her rage that flared at his condescending tone. "Waste it?" 
"Are you really expecting me to meddle in Alpha Damon's choice of his Luna? Or in the efforts of Alpha Edward to create a bond through marriage with the Dark Howlers pack? You mentioned how Alicia is my fated mate. Three decades ago, I chose Alicia to be my Luna. And if at that time I decided to reject her and pick another woman to be my Luna, I wouldn't be kind to people standing in my way. Do you understand that?" 
Talia's brows came together as she processed his words. Of course, she understood that, but… "This is about Alpha Edward trying…" 
"Yeah, yeah…", Alpha Magnus interrupted Talia. "Alpha Edward wants to get more powerful. What's new about that? A better question would be, what's wrong with that? Alphas want to grow so they can protect their people, it's normal. Let's stop pretending how this is about mates, doing the right thing, and other sentimental crap because that's not how things work. If Alpha Damon was here, asking for my assistance, he would offer me something in return. He would offer me something that would make me happy so that I can make him happy. That's how things work, Miss Talia. There is no such thing as a free lunch. So let me rephrase my question. Are you here to offer me something, or just to waste my time?" 
Talia couldn't believe this. Weren't Alpha Magnus and Damon on friendly terms? James told her that Alpha Magnus was selfish and thinking only about benefits, but she hoped that when facing her, he won't be so shameless. 
Talia didn't need to look to her left to know that Tony's head was down and his hands were balled into fists. Tony didn't like this, but he didn't dare say anything against his father. This was wrong, so wrong. 
"Damon is your ally. Will you turn your back to him now when he needs you because there are no direct benefits? What about the friendly relationship between your packs? What about Damon training and mentoring Tony? They are friends, good friends. Doesn't that count for something?" 
Alpha Magnus looked at Talia mockingly. "You talk about friendship and Tony, but how does that relate to me?" 
Talia couldn't believe this. "Isn't Tony your son? Isn't he the future Alpha of this pack? By helping Damon now, you will set a good stage for a good collaboration between Tony and Damon for years to come. Don't tell me you don't see it." Talia shook her head. "Of course, you see it, but you don't care because the only thing that concerns you are your benefits." 
Alpha Magnus didn't like the way Talia spoke, but Axel was right there, glaring at him, so he controlled his temper and responded, "This is not about MY benefits. I am thinking about my pack. That's what Alphas do." 
"Bullshit!", Talia squeezed through her teeth. "How about you drop the act and admit that this is only about you? If you are thinking about the Lightclaw pack, you would invest more in your son. He is the future of this pack, not you. But instead of training him, you encouraged Tony to travel and have fun. Tony trusted that you have his interests at heart, yet you denied him years of proper education and now people are talking about him as a failure. Damon is the one trying to fix your wrongs. Tony has good ideas, yet you are ignoring…" 
"How dare you!", Alpha Magnus snapped. "Who do you think you are?" 
"She is…", Axel stopped talking when Talia raised her hand. 
"He doesn't need to know who I am, Axel.", Talia said while standing up slowly, unable to sit still as anger swelled within her. 
'Shameless goat!', Liseli shouted in Talia's mind. 'Let me give him some pain.' 
Talia ignored her bloodthirsty wolf and spoke to Axel while looking at Alpha Magnus. 
"He doesn't deserve to know who I am. He is just a greedy Alpha who will ruin the lives of thousands so that he can enjoy a few years pretending to be important." 
"Did you just…?" 
"Insult you?", Talia interrupted Alpha Magnus as Liseli's rage amplified Talia's. "That's the least you should…" 
'Kitten?', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's mind. 'What's going on?' 
Talia paused. Why was Damon in her head? And he sounded concerned. 
Damon was in a plane and Caden was telling him about the things that happened recently, in case the black runes flare again and Damon forgets about Talia. Caden's update was focused on the Dark Howlers pack and the dangers they were facing, without mentioning Talia. In that way, Damon's memory related to the pack business and dealing with Alpha Edward will be intact even with Talia gone. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia didn't think that their mind-link will work across such a distance, and she definitely forgot that he can feel her emotions. 
Damon wanted to know what was going on, and Talia had no intention of telling him where she was. 
'Nothing, Damon', Talia responded. 'It's just me thinking about what awaits for you at that meeting and backstabbing Alphas and… I got upset.' 
'It will be fine, kitten.', Damon coaxed her, his deep voice healed the cracks her anger created. 'I will do everything I can to keep you safe. No one will jeopardize what we have as long as there is a fight in me.' 
'I know.' 
Talia knew that Damon would do everything he could, but what about her? Was she really giving it her all, or was she tiptoeing while trying not to offend anyone? Was there a scenario where everyone will be happy? Or was she supposed to look only after her interests, like Alpha Magnus and other greedy people? 
Regardless of what the answers were, she didn't want to worry Damon. 
'Focus on your thing, Damon, and I will do my part.', Talia said. 
'Alright. I miss you.' 
Talia smiled at this cheesy line, but the truth was that she missed him as well. 'I miss you too, Damon. Stay safe and… see you soon.' 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 547 Audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 547 Audience with the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (3) [Bonus chapter]
Talia's smile froze as she realized that Alpha Magnus was looking at her with a smug expression. 
He assumed that she stopped talking because she was out of arguments, unaware of her exchange with Damon that just transpired. 
Another wave of anger simmered in Talia, this time with a dose of determination, and she asked Liseli to block those turbulent emotions from reaching Damon. He had a lot on his plate already, and Talia wanted to deal with this herself. If she can't handle one Alpha, how can she stand by Damon's side and challenge many? 
Talia couldn't believe that Alpha Magnus would be so aloof to the consequences of his selfish actions. It's not that he didn't care about his pack, but he didn't care about anyone other than himself. 
Talia knew that she could suppress Alpha Magnus with a thought and force him to obey her, but was violence the only solution? Was this the time to be picky about methods to achieve goals and prevent an incoming calamity? 
She needed to calm down and think this through because if she acted recklessly she will be the cause of a war, yet she came here to prevent one. 
Talia could feel the will of the Midnight Guardians pack. They supported her with the hope that she will lead them into a better future, and Alpha Magnus was the prime example of a man who would sell them out to the highest bidder without blinking. Heck! He would probably enslave her people so that he can use their powers for his benefit! 
Alpha Magnus was looking down at Talia and she hated it. Behind that desk was not an Alpha of a pack. That was another bully, a person who wouldn't hold back from harming others in order to get what he wants, but… was she any better? 
Talia was never so conflicted. 
Wasn't she considering doing whatever it takes in order to get her way? Didn't that make her a bully in someone's eyes? Just as she believed that her cause was right, Alpha Magnus believed that there was nothing wrong with his actions. On the other hand, they were werewolves, where power rules. What's the use of her powers if she won't use them for herself? She consoled herself that it was not only for herself. 
Everyone in the Lightclaw pack suffered because Alpha Magnus was selfish and narrow-minded, and that pack was not the only one. Talia knew about the situation in the Red Moon pack, and after her experience in the Dark Howlers pack, she understood why people were seeking refuge under Damon's protection. 
Normal people didn't want to live in a place where they will be oppressed and forced to bow their heads while a handful of people enjoys a lavish lifestyle. 
Damon showed Talia how an Alpha works hard for his pack, and that he will fight when needed. Damon didn't kiss anyone's ass, he didn't host parties, and their packhouse was not encased in gold and silk. Because of his efforts and sacrifices, everyone in the Dark Howlers pack could live with dignity, regardless of their status or job. It was not perfect, far from it, but Damon did the best he could, and people supported him. Talia admired him immensely. 
As a stark contrast, Alpha Magnus was sitting behind that desk and mocking Talia because she came to him with a request to do the right thing without bringing gifts. Unacceptable! 
With this, Talia's resolve firmed. She will do the right thing for herself, for Damon, and for everyone who wants to live freely. 
'Liseli', Talia called. 'Open the mind-link with the Midnight Guardians pack. I want to talk to Axel and… hold down Alpha Magnus. I don't want him to move or to say a word.' 
Liseli didn't respond, but Talia felt her approval and the surge of energy that froze Alpha Magnus in the spot. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
'Axel!' 
Axel jolted when Talia's voice sounded in his head, and if they were not facing a serious situation of an uncooperative Alpha Magnus, Axel would jump with joy, and probably give her a hug. Her voice in his mind meant that she accepted the mind-link and their pack. THEIR pack. He finally got his sister back, and he was happy. 
'Did you bring what I asked you to?', Talia asked. 
Axel knew what she was talking about. 'Yes.' 
Other than the token representing the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, Axel also brought several doses of concoction that erases short-term memory. 
Axel explained to Talia that the concoction was something that Cassandra came up with, as a way to deal with the accidental witnesses of powers that members of their pack possess. Whoever leaves the Midnight Guardians pack would carry at least one syringe with him in order to conceal the existence of their abilities. Also, there were cases when spies would follow them with the goal to find the entrance into the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack, and the memory-erasing potion came in handy more than once. 
As for why Talia needed so many, those were part of Talia's backup plan, in case things go really wrong in the meeting of Alphas. She would make them forget what happened and use suggestions to convince them that Alpha Edward is the bad guy who shouldn't have their support. 
Other than Cassandra and a few of her helpers, no one knew how to make those, so Talia thought that even if she uses it on Alphas in the Council, no one will suspect her because no one was aware of such a thing as a memory-erasing potion. 
Talia had no intention of defeating Alpha Edward by cheating. However, she was determined to cut off the assistance he would get to pressure Damon. When she put it in the context of protecting what's dear to her, an act of erasing the short-term memory of a dozen Alphas was acceptable. 
Unfortunately, the Council of the Alphas was only a few hours away, yet she had a mountain of tasks to complete, and if she was not careful it could all blow up in her face. Big time! 
Talia already held Alpha Magnus in place, and she wanted to know who will support her. 
'Axel', Talia called through the mind-link. 'How far will you go to get this settled?' 
'Do you plan on killing Alpha Magnus?', Axel asked stiffly. 
Talia was surprised that Axel went to that extreme. 'I hope it won't come to it.' 
'I don't know what you are planning, but I've got your back, Talia.', Axel said with amusement in his voice as he added, 'Keep in mind that we can't erase the memory of the whole pack. I have only fifteen doses.' 
Talia was touched by Axel's support. He really was a doting older brother. 'I don't want to erase the memory of everyone. Just one will do.' 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 548 The new Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (1)
Chapter 548 The new Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (1)
Tony was anxious about this development. He knew that his father will be difficult, but he didn't think he will be outright disrespectful. Tony was shocked to hear Talia talk back, but the biggest surprise was that Alpha Magnus didn't throw a fit, and Talia was not in the dungeon or missing a limb, or in the dungeon without limbs. 
Since they came to the study, it was one surprise after another, and now his father was just sitting there without moving, and Tony had no idea what to expect. 
"Anthony", Talia called his full name, making him jolt in place. "Are you alright with this?" 
Tony had no idea what Talia was talking about. The last few minutes were a complete shit-show and Tony wondered if they will start a war now. Ah, if that happens, Kalina will blame him because Kalina really likes Talia and Maya and he will be sandwiched between his father's wishes and everything else, like many times before. 
"Am I alright, with what?", Tony asked cautiously. 
"Are you alright with letting your father hurt his people and his family?" 
Tony glanced nervously at Alpha Magnus, confirming that his father didn't move a muscle at this provocation, even though his eyes were flaring with anger and… was that fear? 
"What can I do?", Tony asked dejectedly. "He is the Alpha. His word is the law in this pack and unless we plan a mutiny, a murder, or a war, it will stay that way." 
"What if that's not the case?", Talia continued probing. "What if you could fix it? What if you could take over without spilling blood or angering anyone? Would you do it?" 
Tony's eyes widened in shock. What did she say? Did he hear her right? "How is that possible?" 
"Anything is possible if you want it badly enough. So, let me ask you, do you want to take over as the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack and lead your people toward a future where females are not oppressed?" 
Seeing that Tony was hesitating, Talia kept on talking. 
"I know you can do it. You and Kalina are strong, and people will follow you. Damon and I will support you until you are confident enough to tackle things on your own." 
"We will support you as well.", Axel chimed in, and Talia smiled in approval. 
"You heard Axel.", Talia said. "The Midnight Guardians pack will be your ally as well, and I'm confident that Alpha Maddox also will join. You can rely on three Alphas for guidance and support. You spoke about a future where you and Kalina will make changes for the better. This is your opportunity to make the future into right now. Tell me, Tony, are you willing?" 
Tony blinked once, twice, and after a few endless seconds, his gaze firmed as he decided, "Yes." 
Talia was pleased that Tony agreed, otherwise she would need to issue an Alpha challenge and perform a hostile takeover. That was her backup plan. 
With Tony's agreement, Talia spoke to Axel through the mind-link, 'You know what to do. The old guy can't move a muscle.' 
Axel got from his inner pocket a syringe and went to Alpha Magnus. 
"What…?" 
Tony's question was cut short when Talia raised her arm. "This won't harm him." 
Tony frowned when he saw Axel injecting Alpha Magnus with an unknown concoction, but he didn't stop it from happening. 
When Axel nodded at Talia that it was done, Talia stood in front of Alpha Magnus, and said, "Alpha Magnus, you gave so much for the Lightclaw pack, and you decided to retire. You will go with Luna Alicia on a long journey and travel the world. But before that, you will hand over your Alpha position to Anthony. Tony was working hard, and he has good ideas that will bring prosperity to your pack. Call your Beta and the Shaman. The ceremony for the new Alpha will be conducted in one hour. Until then, you will tell Tony what he needs to know about the Council of the Alphas." 
Talia stepped away from Alpha Magnus, and Tony's eyes darted from Talia to his father. 
Tony expected that Talia will use a suppressive aura or a weapon or magic or something, anything. But she just spoke and… "Do you think it will be that easy?" 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The door of the study opened, and Beta Cage came in. 
Beta Cage was a tall man with a head full of gray hair, and the sun-kissed skin of a man in his late forties. His impressive physique was not hidden under the well-fitted suit he wore. Just by looking at his prideful posture that demanded respect, one would know that Beta Cage was a high-ranking member of a pack. 
"You called for me, Alpha?" 
"Yes.", Alpha Magnus confirmed. "I decided to hand over my Alpha position to Tony. Shaman is on his way. Get things set up and summon our people, the ceremony will be done in one hour." 
Tony gaped at his father, unable to believe that this was really happening. 
Another person who stared blankly at Alpha Magnus was Beta Cage. Until just a few minutes ago they were discussing strategies to get as much as possible from Alpha Edward and now he was stepping down? Something didn't sound right. And what was with the rush? 
"Did they blackmail you?" 
Alpha Magnus shook his head. "The younger generation has good ideas and it's time for us to enjoy our retirement. There is no point in waiting until we are too old to appreciate life. I want to travel the world with my mate." 
Beta Cage was still suspicious. Sure, it all sounded fine, but that was not how Alpha Magnus would talk. They would plan big parties for every occasion worth celebrating, using that as an opportunity to strengthen their connections, and something major as the new Alpha ceremony was done on such a short notice? Didn't he say that he will remain the Alpha until he can, with Tony being a powerless pawn to bridge the gap between him and the younger generation that was emerging? And another problem was that Beta's position was tied to the Alpha he served. 
Alphas are made by bloodline, while Betas and Gammas are regular pack members who get a power boost after the ceremony where their Alpha and the pack accept them. Sure, some are born with more potential, but without getting the position that potential would remain unused. 
What will happen to him after this unexpected retirement? With Beta Cage not being a Beta anymore, they will need to move into one of the regular dwellings, and that will be a downgrade. 
Beta Cage remembered his son, Paul. They knew that Tony was not willing to make Paul his Beta. But if Paul becomes a Beta, they can keep their current villa. That would be good. How can he ensure that his son gets that position? 
Seeing that Beta Cage was not responsive, Alpha Magnus asked sternly, "Are you disobeying your Alpha?" 
Beta Cage was startled. This was Alpha Magnus he knew. He quickly bowed. "I wouldn't dare. I will get everything ready." Beta Cage gritted his teeth and then his eyes lost focus. 
Tony couldn't wrap his head around the current situation. 
Did Talia make him an Alpha? Just like that? What sorcery was that? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 549 The new Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (2)
Chapter 549 The new Alpha of the Lightclaw pack (2)
After discussing a few key points with Alpha Magnus, Beta Cage, and the Shaman, Axel, Talia, and Tony returned to the suite where Kalina waited for them with James, Cornelia, Yasmin, and Meg. 
Still in disbelief at what was happening, Tony told Kalina that she needs to prepare because she will be the Luna of the Lightclaw pack in less than an hour. 
"Are you serious?", Kalina asked Tony who was shaking his head and gesturing toward Talia. 
"Ask her.", Tony said. "One moment my father was his usual self, and in the next one he was summoning people to arrange for the Alpha ceremony." He looked at Kalina. "This is it. You will be my Luna. We are doing this. How are we going to do this?" 
Both Kalina and Tony turned toward Talia, their eyes full of questions. 
Talia realized that they were looking at her for guidance. Why her? She was not equipped for this! Everyone else in this room had more leadership experience compared to Talia! But she couldn't leave them hanging. 
"Tony, talk to Axel about matters related to Alpha business. He took over Alpha duties recently, so he will be the best to give you advice." 
With this, Talia was down to one person looking at her. 
"Kalina, you will need to reach out to Luna Alicia and find out what she was doing so far. If she would share how she did it, that would be great. Maybe Tanya has some useful advice." 
Kalina agreed. Her sister just became a Luna, but Tanya has years of managing the company, and what's most important, Kalina trusts Tanya. As for Luna Alicia... "Luna Alicia is managing the packhouse." 
Talia felt she can share some tips related to that. "Find a few trustworthy Omegas and assign them duties." Kalina's concerned expression reminded Talia that things at the Lightclaw pack were vastly different compared to the Dark Howlers pack. Here, everyone was competing for a spot. "Do you have anyone you can trust?" 
Kalina shook her head. "Omegas I interacted with are either keeping to themselves or are loyal to Luna Alicia." 
"That's fine", Talia assured Kalina. "Things don't need to be perfect from the start. In time, you can tweak your approach and things will fall into place. I can recommend Ivy and Lily. They are hardworking and discrete, as for anything else, they will learn. Ask Ivy and Lily to start by shadowing people who are currently working under Luna Alicia and increase their responsibilities as they gain confidence." 
Kalina understood something. "Are you telling me to replace the staff in the packhouse?" 
Talia shrugged. "It's up to you. Do you trust them to accomplish their tasks without backstabbing you? Luna Alicia and Alpha Magnus formed a network of people that helped them guide this pack. Some of them might be fine with you taking over, but there will be many looking down on you because you are inexperienced. Don't give them a chance to sabotage you and make you look bad. Ivy and Lily are working here for some time, and you should hear their opinions about the rest of the staff." 
Kalina nodded robotically. She thought that she was ready for this, but now that it happened, she was utterly lost. But she couldn't admit to it. Tony needed her and she could only say, "I will talk to Ivy and Lily and take it from there." 
"Do you have any advice for me?", Tony asked Talia because Axel was not very helpful. Sure, Axel told him that he should assemble generals to discuss the current situation, assess loyalty, and probably change patrolling shifts. But that was too much. Tony barely interacted with generals, and he feared that they will treat him like a child. An incompetent one. 
Talia looked at Tony helplessly. "Didn't you talk to Axel?" 
"There is a lot. Can you help me prioritize? What should I do first?" 
"Yes, there is a lot.", Talia confirmed. "And that is why you need to pick your Beta. He will ease your load." 
Axel frowned at this. He didn't mention picking a Beta because he didn't need to pick one. Now it turned out that he was not helpful and Talia will think less of him. 
Tony made a troubled expression. "I was thinking between Nate and Greg which one to be my Beta, but my father is pushing Paul. He is a good guy, and his father is a Beta, but Paul is not a Beta material." 
Talia didn't think that was a problem. "You shouldn't listen to your father. This is about your Beta, a man who will watch your back. You need to trust him that work will be done in your absence and that he won't abuse his position." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Tony agreed with this. If it was about the trust, that meant, Paul was out. Actually, Tony didn't dislike Paul. They were friends and Paul was a good guy, but the fact that Alpha Magnus and Beta Cage were pushing Paul like he was the only valid choice was rubbing Tony the wrong way. 
"I might give Paul some other role, but I will think about it later. How do I decide on my Beta between Nate and Greg?" 
"Do you need to decide?", Talia asked. "Make both Nate and Greg your Betas." 
"Two Betas?", Tony asked. "Is that possible?" It was not unusual for a pack to have two Betas, but that was because one was the Beta and the other one was the Beta's mate. 
"Why not? This is your pack. As the Alpha, your word is the law. If you say that there will be two Betas, there will be two Betas. Your biggest problem will be to decide on work division between Nate and Greg, but in terms of status, the two of them can be equals." 
Tony looked at Talia like she said something fantastic. How was it possible that she easily solved a problem that was bothering him for months? "Will you be my Beta?" 
Talia burst into a laugh that stopped when Axel stood in front of Tony and looked at him with hostility. 
"You can be friends, but you can't disrespect her." 
Tony was flabbergasted. "How did I disrespect her?" 
"You are talking with the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack.", Axel said and both Tony and Kalina turned to stare at Talia. 
Kalina looked around to confirm if Axel was talking nonsense, only to see that James, Cornelia, Yasmin, and Meg were not surprised by this revelation. 
"How? When?", Tony asked Talia. 
"It's a long story.", Talia responded. She wanted to scold Axel for dropping this bomb, but then she decided against it because Tony was bound to find out in a few hours when Talia asks him to hitch a ride with Tony to the Council of Alphas. 
"Explanations will come later because you need to prepare for your ceremony, Alpha Anthony, and then pick one of your Betas to accompany you because I will be joining you to the Council of Alphas with my Beta." 
Kalina finally connected the dots and she looked at Meg. "You are Beta?" 
"I am Talia's Beta.", Meg confirmed. "Kai is Axel's." 
"Axel's Beta?", Tony asked. 
Axel confirmed. "I am Talia's proxy." 
"I like to think of us as equals.", Talia corrected Axel and turned to Tony. "Remember, your pack and your rules. We decided to lead the Midnight Guardians pack as two Alphas." 
Actually, Talia wanted to leave that pack to Axel with Yasmin to manage, but the more Talia felt the connection with the Midnight Guardians pack, the idea of her giving up on her position as the Alpha was becoming more difficult. Why did it feel like she would abandon her children? 
"Wow!", Tony exclaimed. "No wonder you said how we will have support from both packs. Thank you." 
Talia waved her hand, indicating that it was not a big deal. "Prepare for the ceremony. We will watch it from the side." And to make sure Alpha Magnus or his minions don't try to ruin things. Talia took a mental note to keep an eye on Beta Cage because he was one of the volatile suspects that might throw a fit when he realizes that his son didn't make the cut to be a Beta, while two other guys did. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 550 Babies! [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 550 Babies! [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, SilaMelei, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 27, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Tony and Kalina went to meet with Greg, Nate, Ivy, and Lily in order to share the news about their new roles and to figure out what that actually means. They didn't have much time and everything was done in rush, but both Tony and Kalina were running high on adrenalin. 
With Alpha and Luna to-be out of their suite, the atmosphere calmed down. 
Axel and Yasmin were eager to head back to the Midnight Guardians pack. 
"We would love to stay for the ceremony. Unfortunately, a few days passed at home, and with only Kai and Tyler there, we feel we shouldn't delay our return unless it's necessary.", Axel said. He didn't think that Tony and Kalina will miss them with everything else going on. 
"I understand. Thank you for coming.", Talia responded. "Meg will return after the meeting." Talia turned to look at the person in question. "Unless she wants to meet with her family." 
Meg was aching to see her family, they were so close now. She feared that if she sees them, they will ask her to stay longer which might be too much for Kai. 
"I will visit them another time with Kai.", Meg said, determined to stay in this suite so she doesn't risk bumping into them. 
Axel wanted to remind Talia that their people were eager to leave the realm in search of their mates, but he knew that she had a lot on her mind, so he didn't want to bring it up. 
'Come home after this is over.', Axel's voice sounded in Talia's head through the mind-link. 
Talia was still not sure how to deal with the two-home situation she found herself in. 'Once Damon's condition is stable, we will visit.' 
'Until then, I will see to finalize our conditions for using the portal with the realm of witches.' 
This reminded Talia. 'Be careful. I believe there is a reason why the portal was closed. If you go there, be careful of Evanora and everyone else. Don't trust them easily.' 
Axel was alerted. 'There must be a reason you are saying that.' 
'We found a clue that points to the possibility of witches being used for breeding with werewolves in an attempt to create offspring with a wolf and with magic. I just found out about that this morning, and I will investigate it, but I have a feeling that's related to the portal being closed, and why Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia were so adamant about keeping the existence of our powers a secret. They knew something and…' Talia paused. 
'And?', Axel urged her to continue. 
'I think that's why I ended up in the Red Moon pack as a child. The evidence points at Alpha Edward's father. He knew about witches being used for breeding and I believe that he was the one who brought me to the Red Moon pack.' 
Axel's jaw twitched as he listened to Talia. 'I will talk with…' 
'No.', Talia interrupted him. 'Don't give anyone a clue that you know something. You can investigate discretely but leave talking for when we have more information. I really hope that previous Alphas were not involved, but if they were, we shouldn't risk alerting them and giving them a chance to destroy the evidence.' 
'Thank you for trusting me with this information.' Axel was really touched. This was something that possibly incriminated their parents who were obviously closer to Axel as he grew up with them, yet she believed that he would do the right thing. 
As they were ready to leave, Yasmin gave hugs to Cornelia, Meg, and then Talia. 
'She is with a child', Liseli spoke in Talia's mind. 
Talia didn't get it. 'What?' 
'I didn't sense it when she arrived because the contact was brief, but now I'm certain. You will be an aunt.' 
Talia gawked at Yasmin's perfectly flat abdomen. A baby! 
'Are you sure?', Talia asked. 
'Why don't you use your ability to scan the surroundings? You will be able to pick up the heartbeat. If you touch her, you can sense it better.' 
Talia took Yasmin's hand into hers and closed her eyes. Talia's perception shifted to see the outlines, and then she focused on Yasmin's abdomen. She needed a moment to hear two distinct rhythmical beats. 
Talia looked at Axel who observed them with curiosity. 
"Congratulations, Axel. You will be a father. Twice." 
Axel stared at Talia for a second, and then his mouth hung open so widely that a whole fist could fit in there. 
"What did you say?", Yasmin asked breathily while touching her stomach. 
"You are pregnant.", Talia said. "Twins. Congratulations." 
Cornelia was also shocked. "How is that possible? We saw each other only two days ago!" 
Yasmin shook her head. "You forgot about changes in time. For you, it was two days, for us, it was two months." 
"Oh…", Cornelia felt silly. How did she forget that? 
Meg was bouncing from excitement. She-wolves have heat that starts shortly after marking and happens every six months. "I had my first heat after arriving at the Midnight Guardians pack. I was under the effect of medications and supervision of healers, so Kai and I couldn't…" She didn't finish, but everyone knew what they couldn't do. "We hope for better luck next time. However, Yasmin is a witch, and her cycles are more like human's. We will have Alpha pups!" 
"Are you sure?", Axel asked Talia while staring at Yasmin's stomach like he wished to see through it. 
"Axel?", Yasmin called in a small voice. "Aren't you happy?" 
"Shocked is a better term.", Axel responded. 
Yasmin hugged her stomach. "Don't you want us to have babies?" 
Axel realized that Yasmin was upset, and he was quick to pull her into his embrace. 
"Of course, I do. Even if we have hundreds of children, I would want more if that's what you want. My shock is not because I'm not happy, but because it's not possible. At least I didn't think it was possible. We didn't have a child born in our pack for two decades. The Oracle said that we were punished by the Moon Goddess…" Axel's voice trailed as he turned to look at Talia. "The Moon Goddess punished us because we lost you." He didn't want to say that their parents gave up on Talia. "Now that you are back, as an Alpha, the curse was lifted. You really are a blessing for our pack." 
Talia was not superstitious. Curses? Blessings? Wasn't that just mumbo-jumbo to control the masses? But the truth was that she could feel every member of the Midnight Guardians pack, and there were no children present. Axel was right that they didn't have any births in the last two decades. 
"Then, your babies are much more than just a new life.", Talia said. "They carry the hope for our pack that things are changing for the better. Take care of each other." 
After another round of hugs and congratulations, Axel and Yasmin headed back. 
Cornelia was happy about Yasmin having a baby. And it's two of them! 
Witches also didn't have children in ages, but that was because they didn't have males to produce offspring. She wished to be there when Evanora finds out about Yasmin's pregnancy. How will the high priestess take it?
###Chapter 551 Missing his mark
Chapter 551 Missing his mark
Talia and Meg went on the side to discuss the situation related to the upcoming Council of the Alphas, leaving Cornelia and James to sit on the sofa. 
James couldn't get out of his head what he overheard. "Cora, is it true that one day here is like a month in the Midnight Guardians pack?" 
Cornelia confirmed. "It's the same in my realm." 
James' eyes lit up. "How about we go there? My father expects me to return in a few days, but we could stay there a few months!" 
Cornelia's mood dropped. After one week or one month, James was planning to return home, wherever that was, and… was he planning to leave her behind? "Let's talk about it later. For now, we need to return to the Dark Howlers pack." 
"Don't you want to stay for the Alpha ceremony?", James asked Cornelia. 
Cornelia was not in the mood for ceremonies. 
Cornelia started the day with an intention to visit the human city, but because of James, they ended up stuck in a packhouse, and then they went to a training center that was full of sweaty people smacking each other, and now they were here. No matter how Cornelia looked at this, she spent the whole day stuck indoors without seeing what this realm had to offer. If this is what a life with James will be, maybe she should go exploring the world on her own and leave him behind. 
Cornelia was back to considering her original plan of returning to the witches' realm after the pack run in the Dark Howlers pack. As soon as Talia completes the ritual that will dispel the unwanted magic from Damon, Cornelia can leave. 
To add to her irritation, Cornelia had a hunch that James didn't want people to know he was there. Was he really hiding from his father? If that was true, James' father was controlling and potentially dangerous. 
"Why do you care about the ceremony? Can you attend it?", Cornelia asked dryly. 
James didn't understand why Cornelia sounded upset. "I can stay in the back." 
"What if someone recognizes you?" 
"This is not about me.", James said. "It's not every day that a pack gets a new Alpha. It's quite eventful. The shaman will perform a ritual and…" 
"I've seen plenty of rituals.", Cornelia cut him off. 
James exhaled helplessly. "I take this as, you don't want to stay at the Lightclaw pack more than necessary." 
"Correct." Actually, she didn't want to stay in this realm more than necessary, but she didn't want to talk about it. Not now. 
James was holding Cornelia's hand and playing with her fingers, causing her irritation to flare and Cornelia decided to go to the restroom in an attempt to calm down. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
With nothing else to do, James moved closer to Talia and Meg. 
"I am impressed, Alpha Talia.", James said. "Converting my father's supporter into yours was a brilliant move. Tony and Kalina will owe you a lifetime of gratitude, and the whole Lightclaw pack is about to wake up to a brighter future with new leadership, assuming they don't sink the ship." 
"Nothing will sink.", Talia said confidently. "With Damon, Axel, and Maddox supporting Tony, no one will dare to touch them." 
James chuckled. "You speak of those three, but you forgot the most powerful one." 
Talia didn't comment. She knew that James was talking about her. 
"You are a force to be reckoned with, Alpha Talia. I pity the guy who will dare to oppose you." 
Meg stifled a laugh. "You should pity your father then." 
James nodded in agreement. "And not just him. With enough ambition, Alpha Talia can unite all werewolf packs into one." 
"I have no intention of uniting anyone.", Talia was quick to say. "I did this only because Alpha Magnus was threatening Damon." 
"Of course, you did. I look forward to your visit to the Red Moon pack when you deal with another Alpha who is threatening you.", James said with a smile that faded when his gaze moved to the bathroom door where Cornelia was. Why was she taking so long? "Can I ask you something?" 
"Sure.", Talia and Meg responded in unison. 
"Do you know why Cornelia is acting weird?" Was it that time of the month? But he didn't smell any blood. 
Talia was surprised by this. How the heck was she supposed to answer this? She was clueless about relationships, so she turned to Meg and gestured to her to take over. 
"Did something happen?", Meg asked. 
James shrugged. "We were talking about the ceremony, and then she said how she was not interested in watching it." 
"There must be something else.", Meg said. 
What else? "I suggested that we go to the Midnight Guardians pack because then I don't need to return so soon. I wanted to spend more time with her. Was that wrong?" 
"And after that?" 
James didn't get it. "Nothing. She said that she is not interested in the ceremony." 
"No, no. I meant, you will go to the Midnight Guardians pack, and what will happen after that? One way or another, you will need to return to the Red Moon pack, right?" 
James nodded and Talia's expression lit up when she understood where Meg was going with this. 
"How does Cornelia fit into that picture?", Talia asked and she made a face when James didn't respond after a second. "Are you serious about Cornelia?" 
"Of course!", James responded without missing a beat. 
"Then, you should tell her. When I met Damon, my wolf was weak, and I couldn't feel the bond. Damon and I had a lot of misunderstandings because he was sending me signals I either misread or missed completely. Cornelia can feel the bond, but you can't. Tell her what it means to you, what she means to you, and what you plan to do about it." 
James gaped at Talia like she was saying something outrageous. And it was outrageous because it was so simple, yet he missed it completely. 
James was always confident in his observation skills and ability to deduct information, yet now when it counted, he failed miserably. Did the mate bond turn him stupid? Since they arrived at the Lightclaw pack, James was just sitting by Cornelia's side and holding her hand, and… he didn't even notice what was going on around him, or what was going on with the woman whose hand he was holding. He missed his mark completely, all of them. 
Oh, God! His intelligence deteriorated! By how much? Was it critical? 
The bathroom door opened, and James was quick to move there and grab Cornelia's hand. 
"Let's go back.", he said. 
"You are eager to return? What happened with watching the ceremony?" 
"I want us to go to a place where we can have privacy to talk, Cora. I need to tell you things so you understand who I am and what I can offer." Which was not much because when he removes the identity of the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack, it was just him, a sixteen years-old boy with a lot in his head and a small savings account, and… that was it. But he didn't want to keep secrets from Cornelia. If they were really mates, she will accept him, and they will figure out things. Somehow. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 552 Talia’s pep talk
Chapter 552 Talia's pep talk
Tony was in the back of a modified van with his newly-appointed Beta Nate, Talia, and Meg. 
The ceremony of appointing the new Alpha and Luna of the Lightclaw pack was finalized, and they didn't have much time to celebrate before they left to attend the Council of Alphas. 
Talia asked Tony for a ride, and Tony offered them to all go in one of the vehicles that belong to the Alpha. 
Alpha Magnus enjoyed the latest luxuries that money can buy, saying how his image reflects the image of the Lightclaw pack. Now that Alpha Magnus is retired, all those fancy toys belonged to Tony and Kalina. 
Tony and Nate were facing Talia and Meg, each sitting in a comfortable leather seat reclines fully and it offers accessories that could be nicely tucked in when not in use. 
Tony looked at Talia with awe. 
For years, Tony was using Damon as a role model of a capable Alpha who could overcome any obstacle. 
During their visit to the Dark Howlers pack, Tony was focused on his training and trying to impress Damon, like a fangirl who got a chance to spend time with her celebrity crush. 
Tony never paid much attention to Talia, thinking of her as Kalina's friend, but in the last few hours, Tony realized that he made a mistake. Talia was a powerhouse. How come he didn't see it? 
Even if he didn't have a sense for such things, and even if he considered Damon's care for Talia as something that mates do, Tony definitely saw that Axel and Maddox were paying close attention to Talia and everyone was gathering around her. At that time, Tony suspected that people were kind to Talia because she was Damon's mate, the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. 
Tony cursed himself. He was wrong. He was so wrong. 
Talia was right in front of him, yet he didn't see it. 
What else did he miss? 
This same evening, Tony listened to Talia defending him in front of his father and talking back to Alpha Magnus. That was something Tony was never able to do. Even as his parents were leaving for vacation, Tony was full of bitterness but the only thing he could do was wish them a safe trip. They will be gone by the time he leaves, and then he and Kalina will have free hands to do whatever they want, as Alpha and Luna of the Lightclaw pack. It was surreal. And it was all thanks to Talia. 
But Talia did so much more than just talking. She solved his problems and she seemed so capable, and what was he? He could disregard his Alpha bloodline, but can he disregard the fact that he is a man? 
Talia saved his whole pack and put them on another trajectory, one Tony feared he will ruin, but Talia assured him that he will have the necessary support to be successful. 
Tony saw himself as a failure. The biggest one there is. 
How was he capable of leading a pack? 
"Are you worried about the upcoming meeting?", Talia asked Tony who snapped to look at her. 
He was worried about much more than just a meeting, but he didn't want to admit to it. "Aren't you?" 
"What's the worst that can happen?", Talia asked with a smile. 
"I don't know.", Tony said with a shrug. "How about a war and our society falling apart?" 
"That will happen if we don't do something about it.", Talia said. "If you didn't notice, the greedy people in power are getting more powerful, absorbing the ones that don't resist and taking forcibly the rest while regular people suffer." 
"So, we fight?", Tony asked without an ounce of determination. "We are about to face hostile Alphas who have power, real power. What are our odds of winning?" 
Talia didn't like Tony's deflated attitude. He didn't sound or look like an Alpha. If he was this timid, how will others follow him? Even Nate's head was lowered, and Talia was not sure if it was in fear or shame, or maybe something else. 
However, Talia understood that Tony suffered from a lack of confidence. She was there, in that dark place where she felt unworthy, and Damon was the one who encouraged her to try and give her all. Maybe this was her opportunity to give a pep talk to Tony and his Beta. 
"You don't need to fight if you are fine with people like Alpha Magnus and Alpha Edward telling you what to do. You have an Alpha bloodline and as long as you are obedient, your life won't be so bad. But, can you really live like that if people around you are suffering? You saw how things are in the Dark Howlers pack, and the fact that so many people are coming in daily, seeking refuge, should tell you what they want. A normal person is not interested in a fancy lifestyle and lazing around. They crave a safe environment, a roof over their heads, and a meal on the table, and they are willing to work for it. As an Alpha, you need to provide them with such conditions. So yes, when someone wants to take basic freedoms from our people, we fight." 
Tony looked at Talia seriously. She spoke with conviction. Will he ever be able to match that? 
"You are an Alpha now.", Talia said. "Don't you feel the connection with your pack?" 
Tony placed a hand over his chest and nodded. 
"Those are their feelings, their faith in you and Lina. Use it to boost your courage when you think that you reached your limits because if you give up, there will be no one else to fight for your people." 
"How do you know so much?", Tony asked. 
Talia smiled. "Damon showed me what it means to be an Alpha. I always thought that Alphas are about parties, bossing around, and fights. I could imagine him in a bloody fight to get his way. But after I arrived at the Dark Howlers pack, I realized that Damon is the one who wakes up at dawn and heads to his office, and then goes to the training grounds. That's the Damon outsiders don't know about because they only see him when he is out to have fun. Damon is not the smartest, the fastest, or the strongest, but he works hard, always with his people and for his people." 
Talia stared into the darkness through the window and her brows came together, as she continued, "Even now, he went to that meeting, knowing that many Alphas will try to take what's his, yet he will face them and do his best. I guess that's what being an Alpha is, doing your best. I want to do what's best for my people, and for my mate. I know that I am not strong enough, and I'm definitely not smart enough, but I am not alone." She turned to look at Tony. "And neither are you. Use the will of your people to boost your determination and use your friends and allies to find the best solution and it will be alright." 
"I wish I recorded this!", Meg's excited voice came from the side and after a second of silence, the whole van burst into laughter, defusing the heavy atmosphere and replacing it with a light one. 
Tony and Nate looked at each other and exchanged nods while silently agreeing with Talia. They were not alone, and it will be alright. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 553 The Council of Alphas (1)
Chapter 553 The Council of Alphas (1)
The Council of the Alphas could be summoned in any of several locations that were hosting inconspicuous buildings which could be easily missed if one didn't know where to look. The amenities included rooms where Alphas could gather in a formal and informal setting, and also rooms where Alphas could rest. 
Every location was staffed with a number of werewolves who didn't belong to any specific pack, and people addressed them as Guardians. Their tasks were to maintain the buildings and to serve Alphas during meetings, and other than that, the Guardians were neutral, and everyone treated them like national treasures that can't be touched. 
Normally, these places would be used in a time of crisis, or a war where opposing sides would meet to negotiate. The Guardians ensured that matters here were settled peacefully, and some rumors spoke that they were immune to Alpha aura and they possess unbeatable fighting skills, so even Alphas looked at them with respect. 
The building where the Council of Alphas assembled this time had a lounge that was decorated in dark red walls and bulky purple furniture that sat on the stone floor. One long dark-brown block of polished wood served as a bar and there were several sitting areas defined by sofas and chairs arranged in circles. That was where Alphas and their Betas gathered while waiting for the meeting to start. 
Alpha Cristian and his Beta Imre arrived to see Damon, Caden, Maddox, and Maddox's Beta Oliver sitting at the bar. He didn't care about other people. 
"I'm glad to see we are not late.", Alpha Cristian said while exchanging greetings with four people, and then he took a seat on Maddox's right. The assembly was summoned for dawn which should be soon, but there was no exact hour mentioned. 
"Do you know who else is missing?", Alpha Cristian asked. 
"We heard that twelve packs confirmed attendance, but we don't know who they are.", Beta Oliver responded. 
"With you, we have nine Alphas.", Maddox grumbled. 
"I see. Three more to go.", Alpha Cristian said and waved at the bartender to give him a drink. 
Damon was sipping his amber-colored drink while looking at the people present through the mirror behind the bar. He knew they were watching him, waiting for him to lose composure, to give them a reason to oust him, but he had so much on his mind, that this curveball from Alpha Edward was not much. 
Yes, Damon's stomach churned at the possibility of a war, because that meant casualties that could be avoided if those greedy bastards would stick to their territories, but Damon was mostly concerned about the fact that black runes were there, just under his skin, waiting to strike when he least expected, and make him forget the most important person in his life. The period where he couldn't remember Talia was like a living nightmare for Damon. He was confused and disoriented, and he didn't forget only about his mate, but he forgot about himself. He didn't want to go back there, and the fact that Talia was not by his side and he couldn't reach her via their mind-link or feel her emotions was unsettling. 
Damon downed his drink and gestured to the bartender to give him another. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
The nine Alphas were separated into three distinct groups. 
Damon was with his confirmed allies, Maddox and Cristian at the bar. The three of them cooperated many times before, and their core values align enough that they trust each other not to go back on their word no matter what the other party offers them. 
Two Alphas were sitting on one sofa in the corner, Alpha Robert and Alpha Patrick. Their two packs were the smallest ones among the packs who were members of the Council of Alphas. Damon guessed they were neutral and will side with the majority. 
In the middle of the lounge, on the largest sofa, were Alpha Edward, Alpha Richard (aka Cassie's father), Alpha Peter, and Alpha William. The four of them talked in a light atmosphere, occasionally throwing glances toward Damon, and Damon pretended not to notice them. He knew very well that those four were power-hungry and eager to see him fall, but what he didn't know was what kind of agreement those four reached nor what their strategy will be so that they could be so easygoing. 
Every Alpha was flanked by his Beta who observed, measured, and reported to his Alpha every detail. 
The door opened with an announcement, "Alpha Adam Hessen and Beta Milo from the Silverfur pack!" 
Alpha Adam was a man in his mid-fifties with a sturdy build and straight posture, but what gave away his position of power was his unwavering gaze that moved over everyone present. 
After a few seconds, Alpha Adam decided to move toward the bar with his eyes locked on Damon. 
Damon was surprised by this interesting development. The Silverfur pack was eighth in size, and they wouldn't take sides in any conflict, so Damon assumed that Alpha Adam will either join two neutral Alphas on the sofa or pick a separate seating for himself and his Beta. 
'Jade is Beta Milo's daughter', Caden's voice sounded in Damon's head and Damon groaned in irritation when he connected the dots. 
Jade, of course! How could he forget the she-wolf model who suggested that they pretend to date so that her father allows her to pursue her career? 
Just like everyone else, Alpha Adam wanted to make a firm alliance with Damon, but he had two sons, and since Damon was not gay, they agreed to push Jade onto his lap because she was still Beta's daughter. 
Jade was easy on the eyes, so Damon went on a date with her. They shared a meal and bed and then parted ways until Jade called him with a proposition to pretend to date, and for a brief moment, Damon considered it. That was before he met Talia, and Caden quickly burst that fake-dating bubble. Caden reminded Damon that once a female is in, it's a headache to shake her off. Every she-wolf is attracted to power and riches, and Jade won't be any different once she experiences the perks of people who think of her as the future Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. 
After Damon remembered those details, he understood why Alpha Adam was approaching him openly. Alpha Edward probably reached to them in an attempt to buy Alpha Adam's vote, and that revealed that Damon was in trouble, and the old bastard was hoping to use this situation as leverage for Jade to put her leg through the door of being his Luna. 
Alpha Adam greeted everyone with a big smile on his face before turning to Damon. "Alpha Damon, we meet again." 
Damon turned to face the man before returning the greeting dryly. 
"It seems we will be in a position to collaborate again.", Alpha Adam said. 
Damon was not in the mood for bullshit. "I don't remember us collaborating previously." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 554 The Council of Alphas (2)
Chapter 554 The Council of Alphas (2)
Alpha Adam frowned. He was confident that Damon would get the hints by now. Or did Damon want Alpha Adam to be more obvious? 
"The word is that you met some kind of trouble, and we can help." 
The way Alpha Adam looked smugly at his Beta, made Damon's insides churn. 
'Don't blame them.', Caden said. 'It's a smart move to ask for favors now when you are in a pinch. We don't know who are the other two Alphas coming, but if Alpha Adam sides with us, we will even the numbers with Alpha Edward among the current crowd.' 
'They want me to make Jade my Luna.', Damon reminded Caden. 'That's his bargaining chip and he hopes I'm desperate enough to take the deal.' 
'You don't need to accept.', Caden said cautiously. 'As long as you are ambiguous now…' 
Damon didn't hear the rest. Just the thought of Jade flaunting her status as Damon's anything made Damon's temper flare to the point of wanting to punch someone. How can Jade compare to Talia? No one compares to Talia. NO ONE! 
Damon's insides churned as he wondered, would he accept the deal if he didn't remember Talia? How would he scrape that dirt? Even if Talia forgave him, he would never forgive himself. The idea of him causing Talia pain again, and making her act like his assistant or anything other than his equal was making him feel like his heart was being torn out of his chest. 
'CRACK!' 
The glass in Damon's hand burst, making a mess of amber liquid and glass shards on the counter of the bar. There was some blood also as a piece of glass was stuck in his palm. 
Damon pulled the glass out and waved at the bartender to clean the mess and give him another drink. 
"It seems my state of mind is not the best to discuss collaborations, Alpha Adam." 
Alpha Adam's smile froze. Was Damon rejecting him? 
Alpha Cristian turned to ask everyone present, "When are we going to start?" 
"Two more Alphas are on their way. They will be here within minutes.", one of the Guardians that was standing at the door responded. 
Alpha Edward was eager for those two to remaining Alphas come. He was confident that one of the two was Alpha Magnus from the Lightclaw pack because they spoke the previous evening. 
As for the last Alpha coming, Alpha Edward didn't know who it will be because responses were kept by the Guardians, but he didn't care who it was because he was confident that he will have the necessary majority to move on with his agenda. 
Alpha Edward knew about Alpha Adam's plan that involved Jade, and after seeing Alpha Adam's sour expression that matched his Beta's, Alpha Edward was confident that Jade will fail in becoming Damon's Luna. After all, Damon rejected so many better candidates, and Jade was not known for the virtues required for a Luna. Why would Damon want to give status to a female who was set on traveling and exposing her body on a catwalk and in magazines? On top of that, Jade had numerous confirmed previous relationships, so there was that. 
The door opened again with an announcement, "Alpha Anthony Ambert and Beta Nathan from the Lightclaw pack." 
Everyone gaped at two young men who entered, unsure if they heard this right. 
Alpha Edward's mind was spinning and he was not aware that he was walking toward Tony and Nate. 
"Since when are you the Alpha?", Alpha Edward asked sternly, like he was addressing two mischievous boys. 
Tony patted the token that was attached to the breast pocket of his jacket. "My father retired and I'm the Alpha now." Tony was surprised that his voice was steady. He actually sounded confident! Talia told him to look at everyone like they are trash that can't touch him, and the strategy worked! 
"Impossible! How could this happen!", Alpha Edward exclaimed. 
Tony looked at the man for a moment before asking, "What makes it impossible for an Alpha to give the position to his son? I am of age and I have my fated mate. Didn't you attend the event last month where we celebrated Kalina as my future Luna? Are you so old that you forgot?" 
Maddox snickered at Tony's snarky remark and everyone wondered if Alpha Edward will explode. 
But how can Alpha Edward cause trouble? If it goes beyond bickering and provocations, the Guardians will make their move and they might expel him from the meeting, and that would ruin everything. 
Seeing that Alpha Edward was not responding, Tony lifted his chin smugly. "As for how I became the Alpha of my pack, relevant people know about it because they attended my Alpha ceremony." 
"Do you mind?", Nate's voice sounded from behind Tony. "You are blocking the way." 
Alpha Edward took a step back reluctantly, and Tony and Nate passed as they walked toward the bar. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Tony shook hands with Maddox, Damon, Cristian, and Adam, and Maddox asked, "Seriously. When did that happen?" He pointed at the token that was hanging on Tony's breast pocket. 
Tony leaned closer to Maddox and spoke in a low voice, "I could tell you, but then I will need to kill you." 
Before Maddox could say more, Tony raised his hand, indicating to Maddox to wait. "This is not the place to discuss such things." He had no intention of telling anyone what transpired in his father's study. 
Damon was also curious. What trick did Tony pull for the old man to give him the spot? Damon knew very well that Alpha Magnus had no desire to retire, yet here was Tony, with his hair slicked back and a sharp suit and a token representing his pack. Did Alpha Magnus lose his mind? Damon knew that Tony didn't have the power nor mental fortitude to lead a pack. 
Seeing that everyone was looking at him with a bunch of unspoken questions, Tony smiled smugly. Talia told Tony that he was the only Alpha in attendance who knew about her identity as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and that made him feel important. He decided to give a small teaser in the form of, "I can tell you that me coming here as an Alpha is not the biggest surprise for today." 
Maddox's mouth formed an "O" shape as his eyes sparkled with curiosity. 
"Alpha Damon", Alpha Adam called grimly. "Only one more Alpha needs to come before we start the meeting. I think you know what kind of a deal I want." 
Damon was exasperated. Why was this guy set on spoiling Damon's already bad mood? "And what kind of a deal is that?" 
"It's about Jade.", Beta Milo said. "She is interested in you and the two of you have a history…" 
"Hissss…", Tony's exaggerated sound interrupted whatever Beta Milo was about to say next. "I will assume you didn't hear that Alpha Damon already has an awesome woman by his side. If you know what's good for you, you will stop pimping your daughter." 
Everyone gaped at Tony. Since when was he that brave? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 555 The Council of Alphas (3)
Chapter 555 The Council of Alphas (3)
"What did you say?", Beta Milo asked Tony grimly. 
Tony's composure cracked for a second, but then he responded, "I only spoke the truth. We are all Alphas here, was any of us pressured to take a random female for his Luna? If you think your daughter is worthy of being the chosen mate to Alpha Damon, she should earn that position on her own. What you are doing is… not right." 
Maddox put his hand on Tony's shoulder and gave him a squeeze of support before adding, "Actually, considering Damon's current situation, I would more call it a blackmail." 
"I agree.", Cristian chimed in. "If you are here trying to get Jade to be an Omega who will clean the kitchen, no one would say a word. However, you want to attach her to Damon, as his Luna. That holds a lot of weight. Did any of us get our current position because we made a deal? We all earned it. Luna is the one who proved herself as worthy by being better than the others, or because the Moon Goddess said so. If Damon accepts an undeserving female to accompany him, it will ruin his pack. Is that what you are trying to do here? To ruin the Dark Howlers pack?" 
Alpha Adam and his Beta were both furious. They were surrounded by youngsters who were looking down on them! 
Damon was pleased that his friends spoke up and shut down those two pesky people. There was nothing left to say. 
Damon got his next glass filled with amber liquid when the door opened with an announcement, "Alpha Talia Moonrider and Beta Meghan from the Midnight Guardians pack!" 
'CRASH!' 
This time, the glass from Damon's hand fell on the stone floor and broke into a million pieces. 
Damon wondered if his ears malfunctioned but then he saw a familiar figure in a dark gray knee-length pencil skirt and a matching blouse, and her hair lifted into a neat bun, and… that was his kitten! She wore high heels and light makeup that added a few years to her appearance, and she had a shiny token hanging on the left side of her blouse, but that was definitely her! Talia. 
'Surprise!', Talia's voice sounded in Damon's head, and he could hear that she was smiling even though her expression was serious as she made her way to sit on an empty sofa with Meg one step behind her. 
Damon was pulled out of his shock when Maddox smacked his shoulder with much more force than necessary. 
"Is that…?" 
"KHM! KHM!" 
Caden's exaggerated cough cut off Maddox's question which was definitely related to Talia. 
Maddox looked at Caden and it took him a moment to realize his almost-mistake. Talia didn't approach them because she wanted to conceal her identity! 
"Another one, Alpha Damon?", the bartender asked sourly. Damon was more spilling than drinking, and he already broke two glasses for no apparent reason! 
Damon gestured that he wanted another one. With Talia showing up in this den of wolves, he definitely needed a drink. 
'Why are you here?', Damon asked Talia while peeling his eyes from her with difficulty. He didn't want to stare at her, fearing that his expression will blow her cover. But the fact that he looked away made him the odd one because all other eyes were on Talia. 
He used the mirror behind the bar to look at her. She was beautiful. 
'I heard that Alphas are gathering, so I thought of joining. Did you miss me?' 
Damon caught her gaze in the mirror and he couldn't believe this. Was she flirting with him? In this situation? Did she know how dangerous this was? 
'You should leave. Now.', Damon said ominously. 
'Not without you.', Talia responded. 'I know that you want me to stay home and be safe while waiting for you, but I can't be safe knowing that you are facing the storm. Didn't you say that we are equals?' 
'This is not about being equals, kitten', Damon said, his voice much softer than before. 'This is about all these people ripping you into pieces if they find out that something is wrong.' 
'What could go wrong?', Talia asked. 
Damon groaned as a million bad outcomes flashed in his mind. 'I knew that Keith will be useless as your guard. You probably winked at him, he fainted, and all others wished you a safe journey. Or are they outside waiting for you with banners of support while you risk your life here? And how did you reach here without a plane? And…' 
'Damon!', Talia interrupted him. 'This is not about Keith and others being useless, but about me being capable. Cornelia used her magic to transport me here, but before that, I made a quick stop to the Lightclaw pack.' 
Damon immediately understood one thing. 'You did something for Tony to become an Alpha.' This was worse than he thought! 
Damon reached for the glass that the bartender gave him. He really needed that drink. 
Talia didn't deny it. 'I wanted to talk to Alpha Magnus, to make him see the reason, but he was stubborn and one thing led to another. Don't worry, nothing happened.' 
"PFFFT!", Damon sprayed a mouthful of whiskey all over the bar. Everyone at the bar looked at him questionably, the bartender included, but Damon was busy arguing with Talia through the mind-link. 
'Nothing happened? You toppled the leadership of another pack. That's war!' 
'There will be no war. I was careful. Axel was with me.' 
'Axel…', Damon grumbled. 'So, he could come with you, and I was left in the dark?' 
'If I told you, would you let me?', Talia asked. 
Damon jabbed his hand into his hair. He knew she was right. He wouldn't let her, but there was a reason for it. 
'It was safer for you to stay home. This is only for Alphas, and you can't expect that people will allow you to stick around.' 
'What can they do? I have the token that proves I'm the Alpha.' 
'This is more than just a token, kitten. There is a device to check if you are real Alpha.', Damon said dejectedly. He assumed that she was here because Axel gave her his token, and Damon was ready to punish Axel severely for enabling Talia to join this shitshow. 'We need to find a way to get you out of here. I will create a diversion and you…' 
'Damon, do you trust me?', Talia interrupted him. 
'With my life.', he responded without missing a beat. But he was not sure if he trusted her with HER life. 
'I can feel that you are worried for me, for us, for our pack, but you are not alone. Let me do how much I can.', Talia pleaded, and she let him feel through their mate bond all the love and admiration she had for him. 'I have a lot of things to tell you, Damon. Let's talk when this is over, and until then, trust me.' 
Damon released a frustrated breath. He wanted to argue and talk some sense into her, but how can he say no to his kitten? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 556 The Council of Alphas (4)
Chapter 556 The Council of Alphas (4)
Caden saw that Damon's expression was changing and it dawned on him... 'You can communicate with Talia?', Caden asked through their pack mind-link. 
Damon smiled a little. 'Since marking.' The second marking, but Damon didn't want to go into details. 
Caden never heard of such a thing, but he never saw werewolves glowing either. With Talia, anything was possible. She was just one surprise after another. 'What does Talia say? Why is she here? Is she really the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack?' 
'I don't know, Caden. She asked me to trust her.' 
'And you don't?' 
Damon was aware that Talia could probably suppress them all with her aura. However, Damon knew that Talia was a gentle soul, and he knew how vicious some Alphas can be. Other than a few people who were sitting there with him, everyone was waiting for Talia to trip and fall on her face. Alpha Richard was the one who hired mercenaries to snoop about Talia's identity, and he hated her for the embarrassment he endured at the Lightclaw pack. And there was Alpha Edward, one of the reasons why she spent most of her life hiding in the attic! Every fiber of Damon's being screamed to go there, wrap Talia in his embrace, and protect her from everything. 
'I think that she is way over her head.', Damon said to Caden. 
'I disagree.', Caden responded. 'I think that Talia is smarter and stronger than you give her credit.' 
'Do you think I'm underestimating her?' 
'No. But I think that you are overestimating yourself.', Caden said. 'This is not a fight you can win by yourself. Talia knows that and she wouldn't be here without a plan. Yesterday you announced to our warriors that she should be treated as an Alpha, your equal. Did you change your mind already? She surprised us many times so far, and I have a feeling that she will perform another miracle.' 
Caden regretted that Maya was not here to see whatever Talia was about to pull out of her sleeve. Will it include more glowing? Maybe he should record it so Maya can see it later. 
Damon looked at Caden thoughtfully. 'You are right. Talia visited the Lightclaw pack before coming here.' 
Caden's eyes widened. 'Tony mentioned that him coming here as an Alpha was not the biggest surprise. He knew that Talia was coming. Was she behind Alpha Magnus' sudden retirement?' 
When Damon confirmed, Caden really regretted that Maya was not present. She would enjoy this so much! 
Damon used the mirror behind the bar to see that everyone was stealing glances at Talia and Meg, and Alpha Edward was staring at them openly. 
Alpha Edward was in shock to find out that Alpha Magnus was replaced, but now another new face showed up. Talia's last name matched with the Alpha family from the Midnight Guardians pack, but he never heard Alpha Isaac or Alpha Sophia mentioning a daughter. Or was she Axel's mate who took his last name? That was a possibility, but then Axel should attend this meeting and not his mate. 
Alpha Edward wanted to rip off that scarf that was around Talia's neck. He was unable to check if she was marked with that fabric covering her up! 
"Since everyone is here", a Guardian spoke from the door. "The meeting will start in ten minutes." 
Alpha Edward gave a meaningful look to Alpha Richard and then tilted his head toward Talia, silently giving an order for Alpha Richard to investigate the situation there. 
Alpha Richard knew very well what Alpha Edward wanted, and with a stiff smile, he walked toward Talia. 
"Alpha Talia, right?", Alpha Richard called, and Talia looked up at the man, wondering if he will recognize her as the woman who embarrassed him and his daughter (aka Cassie) at the Luna announcement ceremony at the Lightclaw pack. Based on the polite tone Alpha Richard used, Talia guessed that he had no idea who she was. Perfect. 
"Yes?", Talia responded questionably. 
Alpha Richard cleared his throat awkwardly because Talia was still sitting on that sofa, and he was standing. "I am Alpha Richard from the Steelbite pack." 
Talia nodded in acknowledgment of his words but didn't say anything else. 
Alpha Richard felt like slapping her. He is her senior, why was that skinny girl not showing him respect? "I was wondering if you know what this gathering is about." 
Talia tilted her head. "I responded to a summon because I guessed it's important. Did I miss something?" 
"We are here to discuss the unruly behavior of some Alphas and to sanction them appropriately.", Alpha Richard said cryptically. 
Talia's eyes widened. "Did someone complain about my pack?" She turned to Meg. "How come I didn't hear about it?" 
"No, no!", Alpha Richard was quick to say. "It's about someone else." 
"I see.", Talia said. "I look forward to seeing the evidence." 
"Evidence?", Alpha Richard asked and looked at Alpha Edward who didn't move from his spot, but he was obviously listening in. 
"Yes, evidence.", Talia confirmed. "If the Council of Alphas was summoned to discuss someone's actions, with no evidence, it's just slander. We are all busy people with no time for dealing with gossip. My time away from the matters I should attend to costs money and potentially puts my pack in danger. If you are wasting my time, I expect to be compensated." 
Alpha Richard stared at Talia unsure if he understood her right. "What?" 
Talia exhaled irritably and glanced at Meg. 
Meg took that as a cue to speak. 
"Why do you look confused? My Alpha said that this should be important, and it better be supported by evidence, otherwise we are all wasting our time here and someone should pay for it." 
At the bar, Maddox chuckled and elbowed Tony with, "Aren't you bummed that she is not your Beta?" 
Yes! Tony wanted Meg to be his Beta! But Nate was right there, so he couldn't say that. 
"Every person has his strengths.", Tony responded politically. 
Alpha Cristian leaned closer to Damon so they are not overheard. Alpha Adam and his Beta were gone, but with everyone having werewolf hearing, he still lowered his voice to say, "I think I know why you kept your mate a secret so far. She is worth stealing." 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Alpha Cristian, but he didn't respond. His kitten was awesome. 
Alpha Richard didn't understand what Talia was trying to say. Was she a righteous person who expected evidence, or was just compensation enough to win her vote? But he couldn't clarify that in front of everyone. 
Alpha Richard was aware of their audience as everyone was eavesdropping. He leaned closer to Talia and asked in a low voice, "Do you mind if we step outside and talk in private?" 
Talia cocked an eyebrow. "I apologize Alpha Richard, but you are not my type." 
'PFFFT!' Damon sprayed a mouthful of whiskey on the bar, and the bartender's frown told him that he won't be getting any more drinks. He was just wasting it! 
Alpha Richard was flabbergasted. Why did Talia make it sound like he was making a move on her? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 557 The Council of Alphas (5) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 557 The Council of Alphas (5) [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, Peaches1, for the Magic Castle gifted on April 29, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Everyone was now openly looking at Alpha Richard and Talia, and they clearly heard Damon spitting out his drink which was followed by snickering from Maddox, Tony, and other people who were there. 
Alpha Richard glanced toward the bar angrily before looking at Talia. "That's not what I meant." 
Talia looked at the man innocently. "Did I misunderstand? I thought you wanted me somewhere private." 
"To talk.", Alpha Richard said irritably. 
"Riiiiight.", Talia drawled sarcastically. "Still, I will decline. We are not familiar with each other." 
"You are misunderstanding something. I only want to talk." 
"If it's just talking, why can't it be done here?", Talia responded with a question. "The fact that you want privacy is telling me you are up to no good. I heard about your reputation, Alpha Richard, and I was warned not to be alone with you in places that provide privacy." 
Alpha Richard was furious. Talia's words made him sound like a lecherous man who would go after girls who barely came of age. He liked his women more mature, alright!? And it's not like he would just go at it without restraints. Actually, among the Alphas, his reputation in womanizing was low. 
And then it hit him: she was doing this on purpose! And the fact that she was still sitting was rubbing him the wrong way. 
"You will regret this.", he squeezed through his teeth. 
"Are you threatening me?", Talia asked Alpha Richard, and then she turned to Meg. "It seems that our relationship with the Steelbite pack is worse than we thought." Talia craned her neck to see the two Guardians that were at the door. "How far can he go? If he decides to attack me, am I allowed to defend myself?" When Talia and Meg arrived, they were welcomed by two guys who told them a few points about the Council and how violence won't be tolerated. 
Alpha Richard swiftly lifted his hands, palms toward Talia, and took a step back. "Let's stop this here before things escalate." 
Talia frowned a little. "You approached me, you started it, it's only fair that you finish. But can you just walk away as if nothing happened?" 
"What do you expect me to do?", he asked with urgency. 
"You should at least apologize.", Meg said from the side. 
Alpha Richard nearly choked on his saliva. "I should, what?" 
"Apologize.", Tony said while approaching them, and Nate was one step behind him. "You came here and threatened Alpha Talia when she refused to leave the lounge with you. We all heard you. The least you can do is apologize. But just words aren't enough. I think that an annual tribute would be in order, for the next ten years. It's a good way to show sincerity and a reminder for you so it doesn't happen again." 
Alpha Richard couldn't believe this. A tribute? He was already having a headache because of the tribute to the Dark Howlers pack that came with an excessive amount of embarrassment, and now Tony was talking nonsense about how there should be another one? 
"What's in it for you?", Alpha Richard snapped at Tony. 
Tony was high on adrenaline. Showing up here among Alphas with no one daring to scold him, got into his head. 
Talia told Tony that she will stay away from Damon, Maddox, and Cristian, so that people don't guess her identity, but Tony was a free agent. Talia made him an Alpha and what kind of a person would he be if he just stayed and watched as his father's so-called allies mistreated her? 
Talia told Tony that this meeting was about vultures going at Damon and they will be extra-careful not to provoke others so that Damon doesn't get more allies. She also told him to keep his head high because people won't see him as a person, they will see him as an Alpha of a pack, and no one will dare go too far out of fear of starting a war. As for Tony, he was eager to test the limits and find out how far was that 'too far' Talia spoke about. 
Tony stood in front of Alpha Richard now, and somehow, Tony appeared to be taller than before. 
"Alpha Talia and my Luna are close friends, and in extension, I consider Alpha Talia my friend as well. How can my people respect me as their Alpha if my friend gets bullied in front of me and I don't interfere?" 
Alpha Richard glanced around to see if anyone else will interfere, but everyone just stood and watched which made him feel awkward. He cursed internally when he realized that people were waiting for one of the parties involved to make a mistake and with Tony coming to backup Talia, Alpha Richard was at disadvantage. But he was not a greenhorn who didn't know how to twist the situation. 
"Does Alpha Talia need you to speak for her?", Alpha Richard asked. 
"Of course, not. But I am a gentleman. I can't stand on the side and watch as a pretty lady gets harassed.", Tony said like it's a totally normal thing. 
'CRACK!' 
Crips sound of glass breaking was heard as Damon crushed the glass he was holding onto. 
'Calm down, love.', Talia's voice sounded in Damon's head. 
His fury fizzled away when he realized that she called him love, but… 'How can I calm down when another man is your shield and he called you a pretty lady?' 
'Are you bothered that Tony called me pretty or that he came to my aid so that Alpha Richard and his cronies don't make the connection between the two of us?' 
Damon cursed under his breath. When she put it that way, he ended up being the unreasonable one, but Damon wanted to be the one giving Talia compliments and protecting her! 
'You are not alone.', Talia continued. 'WE are not alone. I am glad that Tony stepped out because if all of our friends do the same, it will be difficult for Alpha Edward to point fingers at any of us.' 
Alpha Richard mumbled an apology to Talia with, "I suggest that we all take a step back and think about what's at stake here. If necessary, we can talk about this further, after our meeting." 
Talia nodded in agreement and Alpha Richard was not happy about this outcome where he needed to retreat first. He consoled himself with the thought of how Talia will soon see who the power players are, and she will be the one apologizing. 
Alpha Edward was watching this scene and he didn't like this, not even a little bit. 
Tony was obviously on good terms with Damon, and with Tony stepping up to defend Talia, there were high chances that the Midnight Guardians pack will side with Damon, and that meant Alpha Edward's majority became shaky. 
"It is time!", a Guardian from the door announced. "Please move to the conference room so that the meeting can start." 
"Before we head out, I want to ensure that everyone here is an Alpha!", Alpha Edward exclaimed, making everyone turn to look at him.
###Chapter 558 The Council of Alphas (7)
Chapter 558 The Council of Alphas (7)
Damon felt pride swelling in his chest at the way how Talia commanded this group of Alphas. 
She looked at them without shrinking and he really wanted to build the shiniest pedestal in the world and put her on it so that everyone can see how amazing she is. 
Talia felt Damon's support washing over her and it reinforced her resolve not to crack. 
She lifted her chin proudly and said, "I'm not the one to bully people with excessive demands, but considering the amount of trouble I would get if I fail the test, I agree with my Beta. A kneeling apology will suffice." 
Seeing that Alpha Edward hesitated, Talia decided to push his buttons. "Why are you not agreeing? A minute ago, you were confident that I'm an impostor who doesn't belong here. If you are right, there won't be a need for apologies or…" 
"I agree.", Alpha Edward interrupted Talia's chatter. 
"Good!", Talia exclaimed. "Now I want to see who else wants me to take this test." 
"Wait a minute!", Damon said from the side, making everyone look at him. 
"Why are you meddling?", Alpha Edward hissed. 
Damon approached the group that was now forming a circle around Talia and Meg. 
"I see that you and Alpha Talia are negotiating.", Damon said without removing his gaze from Alpha Edward. "If she passes the test, she gets an apology from Alphas who doubt her, and if she fails, you get to kick her out, but I have a feeling that it should be more than just words." 
Alpha Edward frowned. "What are you talking about?" 
Damon stuffed his hands into his pants pockets and looked at Alpha Edward smugly. "The two of you are wasting our time. It's been hours since I left my pack to come here and I still have no idea why. And now you are arranging this play that I need to watch without any benefits. Why would I care if you and a few more get on your knees?" 
Alpha Edward's face darkened. "You want benefits? Isn't it in everyone's interest to confirm that…" 
'PAK!' 
Talia clapped her hands loudly. 
"Alpha Damon is right!", she exclaimed. "I apologize for not realizing that Alphas won't be happy with just watching without participating." 
Alpha Edward looked at her like she lost her mind. "You want people to participate? Didn't we agree that not everyone needs to do the test in order to save time?" 
"You already wasted so much time that a few more minutes won't make a difference.", Alpha Cristian chimed in. "Let Alpha Talia speak. I am curious about her idea especially if it will bring me benefits." 
Talia gave him a grateful nod before saying, "I don't want everyone to take a test, but, how about a bet?" 
"A bet?", Alpha Edward asked in confusion. 
Talia raised her index finger. "One million dollars each. Every Alpha in this room gets to pick if he believes I'm the real deal or an impostor. The winning group gets their money back and splits the rest. The losers will get no money and need to kneel and apologize." 
"WHAT! Are you out of your mind?", Alpha Edward shouted, but before anyone could agree with him, Maddox was already by Damon's side. 
"I will play that game!", Maddox announced. 
"Me too!", Alpha Cristian was quick to add. 
'I sure hope you know what you are doing.', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head. "Count me in." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Talia looked around to see other Alphas gathered in groups to discuss the pros and cons of putting their money for Alpha Edward or for Talia. 
Other than Tony, none of them knew for sure if Talia was the real deal, and even Tony knew only because Axel confirmed it. But these Alphas were aware that if they put their vote on the wrong side, it will be much more than just a million dollars on the line. Most of them were contacted by Alpha Edward in advance, and since he was the one challenging Talia, their vote will confirm their loyalty. 
With nothing better to do, Talia was observing the spherical device that was placed on a small pedestal, resembling a crystal ball made out of copper or some other rust-like material. It had carvings of wolves and a moon etched into it. It was beautiful. 
"Alpha Talia", one Guardian said from the side. He was the one who brought the gadget. "This device measures the bond between you and your pack. We call it the Sphere of Power. For a person not belonging to a pack, it won't show any reaction." He put his hand on the item and nothing happened. "Since you are an Alpha, the amount of light will reflect how much your people believe in you." 
Talia placed her hand over her chest, remembering Axel's words how she can feel the hopes and support of their pack members. Axel also said that those will amplify her strength and abilities. Was this device measuring that? 
"So, only Alphas of packs can make it work?" 
The Guardian shook his head. "Only leaders can make it work. You don't need to be an official Alpha of a pack. As long as people follow you, the device will react to your touch." 
Talia became restless after hearing these words. Sure, she was an Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, but were people actually willing to follow her? 
'This is brilliant!', Meg praised Talia through the mind link. 
'You think so?', Talia was not sure how this will end. 
'Of course!', Meg was confident. 'Once the results are out, the misogynistic bastard from the Red Moon pack will suffer a loss, and that will shake the confidence of his cronies. Why would they side with a guy who lost before the meeting even started?' 
'But they will test if I'm the real Alpha.' 
Meg frowned. 'Are you worried about that?' 
'What if the bond between me and the pack members is not strong enough?' 
Meg shook her head in disapproval. 'Don't be silly. The whole pack worships you. They all felt your power during the Alpha ceremony, and Axel is reminding them how he found his mate thanks to you, and how you will do the same for everyone else.' 
Talia was not convinced. 'Even after all this time?' Sure, it was only two-three days for her, but for the Midnight Guardians pack, that was more than two months! 
'Especially after all this time.', Meg said with confidence. 'Axel explained to everyone that the two of you are working on ensuring the safety of our pack members. Do you know that since you became the Alpha not a single person tried to leave without permission? And now that Axel and Yasmin returned with the baby-news, I'm sure that the crowd is going wild.' 
Talia closed her eyes and felt the emotions of the Midnight Guardians pack members. They were happy and excited hopeful and… 'Thank you, Meg, for reminding me what's important.' 
Meg looked at Talia smugly. 'That's what a Beta should do for her Alpha. It doesn't matter what these old farts are scheming. Just like what you told Tony, remember that you are not alone. Believe in yourself, in your allies, and in your pack. If any of them dares to give you shit and crosses the line, I will blow them away and blame it on PMS.' 
Talia stifled a laugh. She was really grateful that Meg was by her side. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 559 The Council of Alphas (8)
Chapter 559 The Council of Alphas (8)
Talia looked at Damon who was talking with Maddox, Tony, and Cristian in low voices, with their four Betas standing at a respectable distance. 
Damon wanted to stay by Talia's side, but Talia told him how that was not a good idea and that he should be with his buddies until Alpha Edward shows his cards. 
Talia feared that if they were too close, she might reach to hold Damon's hand or lean on him and that would be a big revelation they were not ready to make yet. She wanted Alpha Edward to believe that she was on her own, isolated, and vulnerable because if he realized that she has the backing, he might retreat for now and hit them later when they are not expecting. 
Talia believed that they were at an advantage because their enemies didn't know she was Talia, the mysterious girl from the Summer Solstice festival, the one who went as Damon's date to Kalina's Luna announcement ceremony, Damon's assistant… Damon's mate. 
'You believe in me, right?', Talia's voice sounded in Damon's head. 
'Kitten, even if you say that the rain is dry, I would support you.' 
Talia's lips lifted into a smile. This was not about if she was right or not, but about Damon supporting her unconditionally. Wasn't he the sweetest? And she loved their private mind-link that was like a super-cheat. Talia noticed that when they were using it, Damon's eyes didn't lose focus like when he was mind-linking the pack members, so no one knew they were communicating secretly. 
'You are the best mate one could have.' 
Damon perked up. 'I am. You better reward me for this.' 
'I will. I will do anything.', Talia said and then added in a lower voice. 'And I mean… anything.' 
'Damn, kitten! How am I supposed to focus with a raging hard-on?' 
"PFT!", Talia burst into giggles, and Meg looked at Talia with concern, wondering if all this pressure was too much for her Alpha. 
… 
"Isn't there some time limit?", Talia asked the Guardian who was standing next to the Sphere of Power. 
"None that we will enforce.", he responded. "We are here to serve Alphas who are members of the Council and to ensure that all activities here pass in peace." 
Talia noticed that he said how they were serving, yet everyone was treating them with respect. That definitely meant something, but she felt that it was not her place to ask about it. 
Talia shifted on her feet and looked at the group of people where Alpha Edward was. They were chatting and laughing like they had the whole day available for idling. 
"Are you in a hurry, Alpha Talia?", the Guardian asked, noticing her impatience. 
Yes! There was the pack run, the full moon, the ritual to dispel the black magic that was plaguing Damon, and it was all scheduled for that evening. The windows showed that outside dawn was replaced by the sunrise, and even though there was a time difference of two hours between this location and the Dark Howlers pack, Talia was worried because they didn't even start yet! But she couldn't say any of that. 
"I don't think there is a point in dragging this.", Talia said. "They have no evidence either way, so what's happening are mind games and deals under the table." 
The Guardian was unable to hide his surprise. 
"Do you think I'm wrong?", she asked. 
"No. But I think you are bold to call it out openly." He chuckled. "Alphas are proud, and they prefer when people think of them as the ones in charge. When you say that they are being swayed by someone else it makes them appear…", he paused while picking the right word. "Weak. They will retaliate only because of this insult, to prove you wrong." 
It's not that Talia didn't understand but, "If they are against me just because I said the truth, it will prove they are weak. As Alphas, they should know that power is not measured only by one's aura or how strong the punch is. And if they measure their worth by who accumulated more, that makes them open to manipulation which is a weakness by itself." 
"Your wisdom is beyond your age Alpha Talia. I hope that years in power won't corrupt you." 
Talia was not sure how to respond to this, so she smiled awkwardly. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Eventually, Alphas gathered around Talia. 
"How are we going to do this?", Maddox asked. "I assume that most of us don't have so much cash lying around." 
The Guardian spoke, "If you allow me to suggest a solution. You can use your tokens to indicate your vote. If you lose, you will be required to pay the winners as soon as you get home, no later than one week from now." 
After some murmurs, everyone agreed. 
Damon put his token first on the table, on Talia's right. "I believe that Alpha Talia is the real Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack." 
Alpha Edward put his token on Talia's left. "I'm not so sure about it." 
One by one, tokens were placed. 
Alphas Maddox, Tony, and Cristian put their tokens next to Damon's, and on the other side were tokens from Alphas Edward, Richard, Peter, and William. 
Alpha Adam was looking at Damon like he was hoping for a sign that he will acknowledge Jade as his Luna, but when Damon ignored him, Alpha Adam put his token next to Alpha Edward's. 
Alpha Robert was quick to follow and put his token on the bigger pile, which made Alpha Edward smirk victoriously. He definitely had a majority. 
His smile fell when he saw that Alpha Patrick put his token on the other pile, surprising Damon and everyone else present because Alpha Patrick and Alpha Robert were usually sticking together. Alpha Edward wanted to ask Alpha Patrick if he was out of his mind to side with those reckless youngsters, but he gave up on that. It was six vs five, and Alpha Edward was looking forward to the results of the testing. 
"This is it.", Alpha Edward said while rubbing his hands and then he waved at Talia to get going with the test. 
"What's the rush?", Talia asked while removing her token. 
Alpha Edward frowned when Talia put her token on her right, and with that, each side held six tokens. Somehow, it reminded him that if Talia passes this, it will create equilibrium. But he didn't think she can pass. Even if she was the real Alpha, she was young, without any accomplishments. It takes time and effort for people to support her, and she was definitely a greenhorn in this Alpha business so assuming that the sphere will react, Alpha Edward will challenge her on how it was not enough. He didn't care if he was right. As long as he creates disruption, there would be doubts he could use to his advantage. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 560 The Council of Alphas (9)
Chapter 560 The Council of Alphas (9)
Talia glanced at Alpha Edward who stared at her token with a frown, and she asked the Guardian who somehow ended up being the judge there. "If my challenger can participate, so can I. Right?" 
The Guardian nodded in agreement. "It makes sense." 
Talia looked at the Sphere of Power apprehensively. "So, how does this work? Do I just put my hands there, or…?", her voice trailed, waiting for further instructions. 
"Put your hand on the sphere while thinking about the bond with the people who follow you." 
Talia would appreciate more details, but the guy didn't say anything else, so she knew that this was as good as it gets. 
Talia extended her hand gingerly and focused on the sensation in her chest that was brewing there since she became the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. 
The cold metal made Talia jolt and she stared at the sphere that didn't react. 
'Liseli? Help!', Talia panicked after two seconds. Alpha Edward was already snickering victoriously. 
'This is all on you, kid.', Liseli responded. 
'It's not working!' 
'Because you are not a leader.' 
Talia couldn't believe this. 'What!?' 
'Right now, you are a scared girl who is hoping for a miracle. There are no miracles, Talia. Trust yourself and trust your abilities. Do you think that Selena would make me your wolf if she didn't believe you can handle me?' 
'That's a nice speech, but how do I trust myself?' 
'It was never about you because you don't think you are worthy.', Liseli responded. 'Every time you did something amazing, it was for someone else. Do this for the Midnight Guardians pack. Do this for the Dark Howlers pack. Do this for your mate. Do this for my mate. Do this for your friends. Do this for your guards who are probably panicking because they figured out that you are missing…' 
Talia closed her eyes and imagined the scene of her standing on the terrace with Axel by her side. They were facing hundreds of members of the Midnight Guardians pack who were chanting, "Long live Alpha Talia!" 
A buzzing sound got Talia's attention and she opened her eyes to see that the sphere was glowing in a blindingly silvery light. 
Liseli sent another mental image to Talia. This one was with Damon by her side, and warriors of the Dark Howlers pack were all bowed toward the couple with their fists over their hearts. 
Talia's eyes widened when she saw a thick stream of gray snaking around the blindingly white sphere. 
Another image popped into Talia's mind. This one was a breakfast in the garden. Damon was feeding Talia, and at the same table were Maya, Caden, Kalina, Tony, Maddox, and Tatiana, and then she saw the dinner table that included James, Cornelia, Dawn, George, Mindy, and Gideon. Zina's and Stephanie's images came next. 
With every next person, another colorful string appeared, or existing ones became thicker. Blue, red, purple, yellow… and they were all rotating to create a fantastic display of colors that was shining because the silvery light acted as an amplifier, like when the sun hits the mosaic glass. 
'Is this supposed to happen?', Talia asked Liseli. She had no idea about the Sphere of Power, but the way everyone gapped at the glowing ball was making her unsettled. 
'I'm not sure. I can tell you that each of your powerful friends will use their influence to assist you unconditionally, so people like Tatiana and Kalina are counting for at least a dozen people each.' 
"What does this mean?", Alpha Edward asked under his breath. 
The Guardian snapped out of his daze. He was staring at the sphere whose brightness was still increasing and then he looked at Talia like she was growing a second head. It took him a long moment to grab Talia's wrist and pull her hand away from the sphere that dimmed the moment Talia lost contact with the . 
"I believe this confirms that Alpha Talia has the loyalty of her pack.", the Guardian said. 
"How is that possible?", Alpha Edward asked angrily. He had never seen the sphere working before, but his father told him that the red color represents the Red Moon pack, and there was at least one red string in there. Did that mean that someone from his pack was more loyal to Talia than to him, the Alpha? "Your sphere is broken! How can she have loyalty from other packs?" 
The Guardian frowned at Alpha Edward. "What makes you think she has the loyalty of other packs?" 
"The colors!", Alpha Edward said while pointing at the sphere frantically. "Why were there different colors?" 
The Guardian paused for a moment before responding, "Different colors represent the type of loyalty. The most prominent color was the silver light with white streaks, and that means her pack members follow her willingly to the point of worship." 
Alpha Edward gaped at the Guardian, wondering if he could call out his statement as malarkey. His plan was to accuse Talia of cheating or not being good enough, but how can he do that when everyone saw the way the sphere lit up and the guy said that her pack members worship her!? 
"You can collect your tokens.", the Guardian said. "The ones who lost have one week to pay their debt. If not, the Guardians will intervene." He turned to Talia. "Alpha Talia, I hope you can stay after the meeting is over. We would like to discuss a few things with a promising Alpha like yourself…" 
Alpha Edward paled. He just lost one million dollars and a lot of face. 
Maddox was rubbing his palms happily. "Thank you, Alpha Talia. This was the easiest million I ever earned. What do you want as a thank you present?" 
Talia shook her head. "No need. But if you can invest a portion of that money into a shelter for abused and abandoned, that would be wonderful." 
At the mention of a shelter, Maddox's mood dropped when he remembered how just before he left for this wretched meeting, he got a call from Mindy who told him that Marcy was on her way to their shelter. Marcy! What the hell!? Maddox wanted to punch Damon for dragging him into that mess but now was not the time. 
Tony thanked Talia with, "My reign as the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack is starting with a million dollars, thanks to you. If you ever need anything, don't hesitate to ask." 
Talia collected her token while listening to Alpha Cristian's words of praise, and she met Damon's shocked gaze. 
'Damon?', Talia called. 'Are you alright?' 
'You really are the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack.', Damon said after some time. 'And a very good one.' 
Talia bit her lower lip. Why did she feel guilty about it? 'I'm sorry. I wanted to tell you but there were so many things…' 
'This was unexpected. I know you said to trust you, and I waited to see how far you will go, ready to cause a scene and carry you out of here into safety. I would never allow Alpha Edward or any other bastard to touch you.' 
'Thank you, Damon.' She really meant it, surprised that Damon took this calmly. 'You can be angry at me when this is over, OK?' 
Damon shook his head. 'I can't be angry at you even if I try. You are too sexy for that.' 
Talia bit the inside of her cheek harshly to prevent herself from laughing. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 561 The Council of Alphas (10) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 561 The Council of Alphas (10) [Bonus chapter]
'Damon?', Talia called through their private mind-link. 'What makes you say that I'm a good Alpha?' 
'I never saw this sphere before, but I heard stories about how it changes color. Not glowing, only changing color, yet you made it glow like a disco ball.' Damon noticed the shock on the Guardian's face when he pulled Talia's hand away from the device. Why did he stop her? Damon had a feeling it was related to the request for Talia to stay behind after the meeting. But Damon didn't want her to worry about that now. 'You have no idea how proud I am that you are mine, kitten.' 
Talia's breath hitched when Damon's emotions flooded into her through their mate bond. There was an endless amount of love and acceptance and everything good that exists in this world. She suppressed her desire to jump on him and hold on until the end of time. 
Alphas Robert and Patrick both smiled while taking their tokens. 
"Why are you so giddy?", Alpha Edward asked Alpha Robert dryly. "You lost." 
Alpha Robert paused. "Not exactly. Rick and I didn't want any part in this bet, so we agreed to cover for each other." 
It took Alpha Edward a moment to understand. "You placed bets on opposite sides on purpose." 
"That's right.", Alpha Patrick said. "Since I lost, Rob will write off my debt so we both get to keep our money. Maybe a million dollars for you is something to play with, but for us, that's a lot of money." 
"You will still need to kneel and apologize.", Alpha Richard said victoriously like that didn't apply to him. 
"Unfortunately, that's true.", Alpha Robert confirmed. "But I will do that while thinking how it was worth it because it will enable my pack members a better life. What about you? Was it worth it to provoke the strongest Alpha of the next generation?" 
"What makes you think she is the strongest?", Alpha Edward asked. 
Alpha Robert shook his head in disapproval. "You should know a thing or two about that sphere. Did you ever hear about it reacting in such a way? How long is she an Alpha? A few months, at most. Imagine what will happen in a few years. Her potential is unlimited." He inched closer and spoke in a lower voice, "And didn't you notice how all youngsters are standing behind her? That should give you a clue who is in charge there." 
Alpha Edward's face darkened. He was right. In their society, it's disgraceful to stand behind someone who is weaker, but more importantly, did he just lose a vote? Sure, Alpha Robert didn't say that he will support him, but Alpha Edward saw both Alphas Robert and Patrick wavering and he was confident that they will give in when it counts, however, after this, his confidence dwindled. 
"You can't be serious about this greenhorn posing a threat.", Alpha Edward said to Alpha Robert. 
"Oh, he is serious.", Alpha Patrick responded from the side. "And let me tell you now for everyone to hear, if you drag us again into your games, our two packs will cut off all collaboration with you." 
Normally, Alpha Patrick wouldn't dare to speak to Alpha Edward like that, but he was pissed that the latter agreed to this ridiculous bet in a way that forced everyone to participate. Alphas Patrick and Robert were planning to stay neutral until the last minute, and they had no idea that they would be forced to choose before the meeting even started! 
Alpha Edward gritted his teeth. How dares this small Alpha talk to him like equals? His annoyance rose when he realized that he probably lost two votes, and if he lost them, it means that Damon got them. Damn it! 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Alpha Richard raised his hand, to get everyone's attention. "Now that this was settled, we can go to the meeting." 
"Not so fast!", Meg snapped. "Did you forget that you just lost a bet?" 
Alpha Richard frowned at Meg. "We have one week to pay." 
Meg lifted her chin smugly. "And you have one minute to get on your knees." 
Alpha Richard's face fell, and he turned to Talia. "Is that really necessary?" 
Talia tilted her head. "If it was me on the losing side, would you forgive me that I lost?" 
Alpha Richard opened his mouth to protest, but Alpha Edward cut him off with, "Let's be done with this." 
Alpha Richard was flabbergasted. "You… You… are going through with it?" Alphas don't apologize and they don't bow to anyone. That's what makes them Alphas. If anyone finds out about this, they will be laughing stocks! 
"Alpha Richard!", Talia called. "If you are trying to wiggle out of this simple act of apologizing, I can only assume that you will go to great lengths to avoid paying the one million dollars you lost here." 
Alpha Edward wanted to give him a good beating. Was Alpha Richard such an idiot that he didn't realize their current situation? There were now six Guardians in the room, all of them looking at them sternly, and there were Talia and four other Alphas by her side, all waiting for them to make the wrong move. 
"Let's do it quickly so we can move onto the meeting.", Alpha Edward squeezed through his teeth. 
Alpha Edward balled his hands into fists as he went down on his knees in slow motion. Somehow, it was a much easier thing to do in his mind as his body was refusing to cooperate. His wolf protested the submission, but Alpha Edward pushed him to the back of his mind. Stupid beast! If he acts out, they might lose much more than just some dignity. 
One by one, six Alphas were on their knees, mumbling apologies for doubting Talia. 
"That doesn't sound very sincere.", Meg said from the side. 
Talia waved her hand, indicating to Meg to let it go. "This is how far their sincerity goes. Take a note that we won't be collaborating with these six in the future." If not for shaking Alpha Edward's position in the eyes of his cronies, Talia wouldn't bother with these apologies. She was confident that they would jump at her throat if they only had a chance, and she was not wrong. The malicious intent rising from those six was tangible. 
'CLICK!' 
A sound was heard on Talia's left, and she turned to see that Maddox took a photo. 
"This needs to be commemorated.", Maddox said with a grin and showed the screen of his phone that had six Alphas kneeling in front of Talia. 
Alpha Edward gritted his teeth. "Was that necessary?" 
Maddox shrugged and stuffed the phone into the back pocket of his pants. 
'CLICK!' 
A sound came from Talia's right. It was Alpha Cristian with his phone. 
"I've got a better angle from here." 
Maddox walked to Cristian with, "Let me see." 
The six Alphas that were on the ground were close to exploding from anger. They were being treated like circus attractions! Alpha Edward and Alpha Richard blamed Talia, while the other four directed their anger at Alpha Edward. If he didn't drag them into this unnecessary trouble, they wouldn't be embarrassed. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 562 The Council of Alphas (10) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 562 The Council of Alphas (10) [Bonus chapter]
'Damon?', Talia called through their private mind-link. 'What makes you say that I'm a good Alpha?' 
'I never saw this sphere before, but I heard stories about how it changes color. Not glowing, only changing color, yet you made it glow like a disco ball.' Damon noticed the shock on the Guardian's face when he pulled Talia's hand away from the device. Why did he stop her? Damon had a feeling it was related to the request for Talia to stay behind after the meeting. But Damon didn't want her to worry about that now. 'You have no idea how proud I am that you are mine, kitten.' 
Talia's breath hitched when Damon's emotions flooded into her through their mate bond. There was an endless amount of love and acceptance and everything good that exists in this world. She suppressed her desire to jump on him and hold on until the end of time. 
Alphas Robert and Patrick both smiled while taking their tokens. 
"Why are you so giddy?", Alpha Edward asked Alpha Robert dryly. "You lost." 
Alpha Robert paused. "Not exactly. Rick and I didn't want any part in this bet, so we agreed to cover for each other." 
It took Alpha Edward a moment to understand. "You placed bets on opposite sides on purpose." 
"That's right.", Alpha Patrick said. "Since I lost, Rob will write off my debt so we both get to keep our money. Maybe a million dollars for you is something to play with, but for us, that's a lot of money." 
"You will still need to kneel and apologize.", Alpha Richard said victoriously like that didn't apply to him. 
"Unfortunately, that's true.", Alpha Robert confirmed. "But I will do that while thinking how it was worth it because it will enable my pack members a better life. What about you? Was it worth it to provoke the strongest Alpha of the next generation?" 
"What makes you think she is the strongest?", Alpha Edward asked. 
Alpha Robert shook his head in disapproval. "You should know a thing or two about that sphere. Did you ever hear about it reacting in such a way? How long is she an Alpha? A few months, at most. Imagine what will happen in a few years. Her potential is unlimited." He inched closer and spoke in a lower voice, "And didn't you notice how all youngsters are standing behind her? That should give you a clue who is in charge there." 
Alpha Edward's face darkened. He was right. In their society, it's disgraceful to stand behind someone who is weaker, but more importantly, did he just lose a vote? Sure, Alpha Robert didn't say that he will support him, but Alpha Edward saw both Alphas Robert and Patrick wavering and he was confident that they will give in when it counts, however, after this, his confidence dwindled. 
"You can't be serious about this greenhorn posing a threat.", Alpha Edward said to Alpha Robert. 
"Oh, he is serious.", Alpha Patrick responded from the side. "And let me tell you now for everyone to hear, if you drag us again into your games, our two packs will cut off all collaboration with you." 
Normally, Alpha Patrick wouldn't dare to speak to Alpha Edward like that, but he was pissed that the latter agreed to this ridiculous bet in a way that forced everyone to participate. Alphas Patrick and Robert were planning to stay neutral until the last minute, and they had no idea that they would be forced to choose before the meeting even started! 
Alpha Edward gritted his teeth. How dares this small Alpha talk to him like equals? His annoyance rose when he realized that he probably lost two votes, and if he lost them, it means that Damon got them. Damn it! 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Alpha Richard raised his hand, to get everyone's attention. "Now that this was settled, we can go to the meeting." 
"Not so fast!", Meg snapped. "Did you forget that you just lost a bet?" 
Alpha Richard frowned at Meg. "We have one week to pay." 
Meg lifted her chin smugly. "And you have one minute to get on your knees." 
Alpha Richard's face fell, and he turned to Talia. "Is that really necessary?" 
Talia tilted her head. "If it was me on the losing side, would you forgive me that I lost?" 
Alpha Richard opened his mouth to protest, but Alpha Edward cut him off with, "Let's be done with this." 
Alpha Richard was flabbergasted. "You… You… are going through with it?" Alphas don't apologize and they don't bow to anyone. That's what makes them Alphas. If anyone finds out about this, they will be laughing stocks! 
"Alpha Richard!", Talia called. "If you are trying to wiggle out of this simple act of apologizing, I can only assume that you will go to great lengths to avoid paying the one million dollars you lost here." 
Alpha Edward wanted to give him a good beating. Was Alpha Richard such an idiot that he didn't realize their current situation? There were now six Guardians in the room, all of them looking at them sternly, and there were Talia and four other Alphas by her side, all waiting for them to make the wrong move. 
"Let's do it quickly so we can move onto the meeting.", Alpha Edward squeezed through his teeth. 
Alpha Edward balled his hands into fists as he went down on his knees in slow motion. Somehow, it was a much easier thing to do in his mind as his body was refusing to cooperate. His wolf protested the submission, but Alpha Edward pushed him to the back of his mind. Stupid beast! If he acts out, they might lose much more than just some dignity. 
One by one, six Alphas were on their knees, mumbling apologies for doubting Talia. 
"That doesn't sound very sincere.", Meg said from the side. 
Talia waved her hand, indicating to Meg to let it go. "This is how far their sincerity goes. Take a note that we won't be collaborating with these six in the future." If not for shaking Alpha Edward's position in the eyes of his cronies, Talia wouldn't bother with these apologies. She was confident that they would jump at her throat if they only had a chance, and she was not wrong. The malicious intent rising from those six was tangible. 
'CLICK!' 
A sound was heard on Talia's left, and she turned to see that Maddox took a photo. 
"This needs to be commemorated.", Maddox said with a grin and showed the screen of his phone that had six Alphas kneeling in front of Talia. 
Alpha Edward gritted his teeth. "Was that necessary?" 
Maddox shrugged and stuffed the phone into the back pocket of his pants. 
'CLICK!' 
A sound came from Talia's right. It was Alpha Cristian with his phone. 
"I've got a better angle from here." 
Maddox walked to Cristian with, "Let me see." 
The six Alphas that were on the ground were close to exploding from anger. They were being treated like circus attractions! Alpha Edward and Alpha Richard blamed Talia, while the other four directed their anger at Alpha Edward. If he didn't drag them into this unnecessary trouble, they wouldn't be embarrassed. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 563 Preparations for the ceremony
Chapter 563 Preparations for the ceremony
After dinner, females from the packhouse went into one spare bedroom, while males went into another. 
It was part of the tradition to prepare separately for the ceremony. 
They would put traditional leather clothes on and accessorize with necklaces made of teeth and colorful pebbles in an attempt to show themselves in their best edition for their mates and the rest of the pack. 
When it was time for the ceremony to begin, females, elderly, and children would gather close to the altar where Shaman was, and males in their prime would form a circle around them, symbolizing that they will protect the pack. 
After the Shaman completes the ceremony for the Moon Goddess to bless them, elderly and children would disperse and head home, while females and males would shift into their wolf forms and dash into the forest. Females would go first, for males to chase after them. The ones that were mated would look for their mates, while others would treat this as a big mixer. No matter how random it looked, they would all be following after their Alpha, Luna, and other high-ranking members of the pack, to complete one circle around their territory, after which they would be free to enjoy time with their mates, or their partner for the night, with the whole event ending after the midnight. Some would use this time to hunt and present their catch in the hope to woo another wolf. 
Pack runs were full of positive energy where pack members get to show off their outfit, physique, speed, and hunting skills. 
A pack run after a decade was a big deal. Everyone was impacted and the whole Darkbourne was buzzing with excitement. 
Maya prepared one guestroom in the packhouse, and that's where Maya, Dawn, Zina, Mindy, Talia, and Cornelia gathered. 
Talia wanted Sandy and Lulu to be with them also, but Damon ed. Per Damon's arrangement, Talia's six guards were already dressed up in ceremonial clothes and waiting outside for Talia to be ready. They will escort her until she reunites with Damon, and Damon threatened Talia that if she s to this deal, he will spill the beans and tell her guards how they failed on their first night to watch over her. Talia agreed reluctantly to treat her personal guards as her guards while they were on duty. 
The guestroom had four full-length mirrors and four stations where they could sit to do their hair and makeup. 
Each of the females had a leather outfit that covered the chest area, leaving their abdomen exposed, and the bottom part was a skirt of several overlapping layers. It all stayed together with one string that when pulled made everything fall down. It was convenient so the fabric doesn't rip when they shift into their wolf forms. 
Females wore stylish necklaces of colorful pebbles, and they were braiding each other's hair and decorating it with small flowers that Cornelia and Mindy gathered earlier that evening. 
"I saw that some necklaces are made of teeth.", Cornelia said while checking out herself in the mirror. She approved of this outfit, it was not restricting. Since she came to the human realm, these were the most comfortable clothes she put on, and she wished that she could wear this every day. 
"Hunters preserve teeth of their catch and so jewelry can be made out of those.", Maya explained while pointing at her necklace that had teeth in it. "One can wear these if he caught them himself or if it was gifted by a hunter who is mate or family member. You can't buy it." 
Talia touched the soft leather that hugged her hips. It was light brown and it had embroidered with black thread shapes of wolves and moon on it. It was beautiful. Talia smiled at Maya gratefully. Talia was so consumed with everything that was going on, and she totally forgot about ceremonial clothes, but Maya made arrangements not only for Talia but for Cornelia as well. 
Talia won't be there for the ceremony, but she hoped that Damon will see her like that, and that he will approve. 
Talia put her hands over her chest. She was nervous. 
"Don't worry, Talia.", Dawn said. "We are here to support you." Her chin shivered when she remembered that she will leave soon. "This is my first and last pack run in the Dark Howlers pack." She was emotional. 
Talia and Zina gave Dawn hugs at the same time, making it a three-girl-hug. 
"Don't be sad.", Talia said. "I will change rules so you can join every pack run, even after you leave the Dark Howlers pack. You and George will always be welcome here." 
"I hear that the Red Moon pack doesn't do monthly pack runs.", Zina said. "So, the two of you make an excuse to come here." 
Dawn nodded while sniffling. She didn't talk about this with George, but she hoped he will approve. On the other hand, considering George's plan to take down Alpha Edward, Dawn didn't dare to think so far into the future. 
A mental image of Damon flashed in Talia's mind. He was topless, wearing a black skirt-like garment that reached half of his thighs, black patterns were drawn over his skin, and he had around his neck several necklaces made out of teeth that were big as Talia's pinky finger. Talia could see Damon smiling cockily while striking a pose and flexing his muscles. 
'What do you say of your man, kitten?', his voice sounded in her head. 'Do I look tempting enough for you?' 
Talia realized that Damon was communicating with her mentally. 
'For a moment, I thought I'm hallucinating. You look delicious.', she responded. 'Is that black paint edible?' 
Damon chuckled in response. 'You won't know unless you try. But even if the paint is not edible, your man is.' 
Talia bit the inside of her cheek to prevent herself from laughing at the shameless Alpha who was thrusting his hips suggestively. Other females will think she went crazy if she just starts laughing for no apparent reason. 
Talia touched her hair which was braided and wrapped around her head like a crown, and she moved to stand in front of the full-length mirror before sending him back a mental image of herself. 
Damon whistled loudly, making Talia wince. 
'Which room are you in?', Damon asked with urgency. 'I'm coming to pick you up, and we can leave this pack run business to others to handle.' 
Talia giggled. 'Thank you, Damon.' She needed that boost in confidence that only he could provide. And she was super happy that he got to see her, and he approved. 
Talia glanced at the time before releasing a sharp breath. 'It's almost time.', she told Damon. 
'I will wait for your signal that things are ready, and then I will find you.', Damon responded. 'After that, it will be just the two of us and our wolves.' 
Talia felt Liseli leaping with joy. 'Liseli is looking forward to meeting Sapa again.' 
'Me too, kitten. I gotta go now. Gideon says it's time for a speech and Caden and I need to be there.' 
'I will see you soon.', Talia responded as Maya was telling Mindy that it was time to go. 
This was a sign for Talia that she needed to start moving also. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 564 The pack run (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 564 The pack run (1) [Bonus chapter]
Talia and Zina walked out of the room to be greeted by Keith, Liam, Pierce, Caleb, Sandy, and Lulu who bowed respectfully. 
All six of them wore ceremonial clothes and had patterns drawn on their skin with black paint, similar to what Talia saw on Damon. They also had impressive necklaces made out of teeth. 
Talia noticed that Keith had the most drawings on his body among her guards. 
"What do those patterns represent?", Talia asked Keith, genuinely curious. 
Keith puffed his chest proudly. "These are for challenges I won against worthy opponents." And also, fights against rogues and for lives taken, but he didn't want to sully Talia's ears with harsh words. 
Keith enjoyed the way Talia looked at the drawings that adorned his body, and he appreciated the fact that Talia didn't see him as a pampered trainer, but as a capable warrior he was. 
He knew that Talia was mated to Damon and that harboring those feelings inside his heart was futile, but there was nothing he could do about it other than to protect Talia with everything he's got and to step away when Damon was nearby because seeing Talia happy with another man was too painful to bear. 
Keith wondered if this was the Moon Goddess' plan all along, to turn him into a faithful dog who will follow his master with the hope to get praise. 
Unaware of Keith's thoughts, Talia commented on the drawings on his body. "You won many fights." She turned to look at the rest of her guards. "You all did. I am lucky to have you keeping me safe." 
Talia noticed that her guards were looking at Zina curiously, so she explained, "Zina will be coming with us. I need to do something during the ceremony and her assistance will be necessary." 
They were all surprised that Talia will be absent from the ceremony. 
"Where are we going?", Keith asked. 
"I'm not sure.", Talia admitted. "It's related to the full moon and Shaman said that it will show me the way." 
It was not Gideon, but it was Evanora, but Talia didn't want to go into details. 
Zina's role was to accompany Talia and to communicate with Maya and Caden via mind-link so that the Beta duo knows what's the status on Talia's side, and for Talia to know what was going on at the ceremony. 
Keith and the other five guards didn't know about Damon's condition. Damon didn't want more than necessary people to know about him being impacted by the dark magic, and Talia agreed. If the news spread that Damon was attacked by the Oracle from the Midnight Guardians pack, all kinds of trouble might ensue, and they wanted to avoid animosity among the two packs because of a few malicious individuals. 
The party of eight exited the packhouse to be met by a river of people who were moving toward them, parting in the middle to pass on the left and right sides of the packhouse. Those were members of the Dark Howlers pack, all of them in traditional clothes and good spirits, some carrying flowers to leave as offerings at the ceremonial altar that was set up behind the garden, and Talia really regretted that she will miss this event. 
"Next time, we will join them.", Zina said to Talia. 
Talia turned to look at her friend. "Am I that obvious?" 
Zina shook her head. "We are all feeling the same, but you are easy to read. Let's accomplish this task so that we are not missing the event of the decade for naught." 
"Thank you, Zina.", Talia said. "It means a lot to have you here with me." It really did. She knew that Keith and the other five were there because Damon ordered them, but Zina was there as a friend. 
Talia remembered Damon's words about how only people close to her can backstab her, and she looked at the seven people around her. Six of them were her guards, but Talia considered all of them her friends, and she couldn't imagine that any of them would betray her. 
She was their Alpha, and their betrayal wouldn't be petty things like stealing the best-looking dessert, but serious matters that could impact her safety, and Damon's, and the safety of the whole pack, and Talia's heart cracked at the thought that any of them would be willing to go that far. She knew that Damon's concerns were not made up, but she hoped that he was wrong, at least about these people. 
With a deep breath to steel her resolve, Talia walked forward with Zina, and six guards circled them. They blended with the other people perfectly, except for the fact that they were moving in the opposite direction. 
Talia turned to the left, emerging from the river the crowd created. Once the clamor died behind them, Talia closed her eyes and chanted the words that Evanora taught her to improve her sensitivity to nature and help her see the path that will lead her to the optimal location for the ritual. A few seconds later, Talia allowed her instincts to guide her, and she moved slowly at first, but her every next step came with more confidence that she knew where she was going. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Back in the packhouse, Damon was standing at the window of the living room with his hands clasped behind his back and looking out to see the crowd gathering to fill up the clearing beyond the garden and overfilling in every direction. Those were his people, excited and happy, and he really wished that Talia was by his side so that they can enjoy this scene together, but he feared that if they meet now, it would be nearly impossible to separate. He had a task to do, and so did Talia, and soon they will reunite. Soon. 
Cornelia peered into the living room to see James who was wearing skimpy ceremonial clothes that were held by one string around his waist, allowing the leather garment to reach half of his thighs. She never saw him exposed like that, up close, and she was not sure if he was really the most handsome man she had ever seen, or if that was the soulmate bond messing with her eyesight and with her reasoning. 
James turned to look at Cornelia and she clearly saw his eyes widening as he took in her form. 
Before Cornelia could react, James was in front of her, holding her hand and pulling her into the living room. 
"You are stunning", James said breathily. She really was. 
James wanted to scoop Cornelia in his arms and take her to a place with privacy and stay there forever, but their forever was uncertain and for the first time in his life James really wished that he had the Alpha aura strong enough to protect Cornelia from everything bad in the world, or maybe that he was born as a no one important so that his father won't care about him. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 565 The pack run (2)
Chapter 565 The pack run (2)
James knew that they were stuck with the reality where he was James Redmayne, the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack without an Alpha aura, and he was facing the most beautiful woman in the world who was his mate and who squirmed under his hungry gaze, and somehow… she made his heart sing, which was not a bad thing, not even a little bit. 
James chuckled. "You are lovely when you blush." 
"I'm not blushing.", Cornelia said quickly. 
James lifted her hand to place small kisses on her knuckles. "Whatever you say, gorgeous." 
Caden whistled loudly. "Who said that teens don't have their courting game on?" 
James knew that this jab was directed at him, but he couldn't care less. His chocolate-colored Goddess was in front of him, and nothing else mattered. He didn't want to allow dark thoughts about his father to spoil this moment, and compared to that, Caden's teasing was nothing. 
"Maybe you should look at your mate, and not at teens.", Maya said from the door, getting Caden's full attention. 
Caden grinned at Maya. "I see that the Moon Goddess gave me her blessings early." He sashayed toward Maya and pulled her close to him, making sure that their hips were connected firmly so she can feel that he was hard already. 
"Tonight, we make pups.", Caden's breath splashed against her ear. 
Maya burst into giggles and pushed him away, but without any strength, careful not to make smudges of the black patterns that still didn't dry on his skin. 
Mindy made a beeline toward Gideon and twirled on her toes so that he can see her from every angle. "What do you think?" 
"I fear I will forget the steps for the ritual.", Gideon said. 
Mindy didn't get it. "Nonsense. We practiced more than once. But just in case, I will stand close to you and whisper if you forget something." 
Gideon chuckled. "The closer you are, the more I will forget." 
Mindy stifled a laugh when she realized that he will forget steps of the ritual because of her. "I take that as you approve of your mate in this outfit." 
"I approve of you without an outfit, just how mother nature intended, but this will do.", Gideon said with a straight face, but the twinkle in his eyes spoke about mischief and all the X-rated things he wanted to do with Mindy. 
Mindy slapped his shoulder playfully. "Come on, we should go out first. People are waiting." 
Mindy was nervous. For everyone else, this was the ceremony before the pack run, but for her, it was also the ceremony where she will officially become a member of the Dark Howlers pack. She wished that Maddox and her parents were present, but she knew that according to ancient customs of werewolves when a she-wolf finds her mate, he becomes her family. Mindy's family didn't want to cut their ties with her completely, and she loved that part, but she still missed them. 
A pair of strong arms circled Mindy's waist from behind. 
"How about tomorrow you call your brother and decide on a good time for us to visit your family?", Gideon asked. 
Mindy craned her neck to look at him. "Are you serious?" 
Gideon kissed the tip of her nose. "I am serious about getting to know the family where my spitfire mate grew up. Who knows, maybe we will get along? I have a suit and a necktie, and I wonder if it still fits me well." 
Mindy smiled and leaned into him. Somehow, his words made her miss her family a bit less. "I will call Max tomorrow." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Dawn peeked into the room in time to see Gideon and Mindy stepping out through the side door. 
Dawn's whole world stopped as she gaped at George. His torso was exposed, showing not only the tattoo on his chest but also numerous patterns that were drawn with black paint, telling stories of fights worthy of an Alpha that was presenting himself as a Commander from the Red Moon pack. Dawn was confident that only Damon had more artwork on his body, but she couldn't look away from George to compare and confirm. 
George's lips lifted into a smug smirk at the sight of Dawn who was obviously dazed by his appearance. 
George regretted that he didn't have his spoils from hunting handy that came in form of impressive necklaces so that he can put them all around Dawn's neck, and he regretted even more that this was not their pack where Dawn would show up as his Luna and be celebrated by their people. 
"What's got into you?", Dawn asked George. She could feel his emotions through their mate bond. 
George didn't want to share his thoughts and spoil the mood. "I regret that I can't join the pack run." As an outsider, George will attend the ceremony, but not join the run. When in wolf form, werewolves are more susceptible to following their instincts than reason, and another dominant wolf would definitely confuse members of the Dark Howlers pack which can be seen as a challenge to the existing hierarchy. George didn't want to fight with Damon or his generals, at least not in this setting. 
Dawn smiled and put her arms around George's neck. "We can have a run of our own.", she said teasingly. "Wouldn't you like to hunt for your mate tonight?" 
A low growl formed in George's throat. 
"The hunt is on.", George said, and then he took Dawn's breath away with a kiss that made her toes curl. 
Petra, Zack, and Erik entered the living room, dressed for the occasion. Three teens were not of age, but as junior warriors, they had the right to join the pack run. 
The teens were not sure if they should approach James and Cornelia who were holding hands and talking in whispers; the mood over there was definitely cozy. 
Petra smiled at the sight of James who embraced the idea of meeting his mate early. She didn't know how James and Cornelia will make it work, but she was confident that the Moon Goddess wouldn't arrange for them to meet if there was no way for James and Cornelia to end up together. The Moon Goddess knows best, and she doesn't make mistakes. 
"You three!", Caden called for Petra, Zack, and Erik to come closer. "I have a task for you. I need you to go out there and spread information about how Alphas have something special going on. Talia won't be here for the ceremony because Damon will need to find her, and after the ceremony, the rest of the pack will join them…" 
It was to cover up the fact that Talia and Damon will be absent, and Caden added, "Feel free to shut up any Elders who are using this to sow discord. Tell them that our Alpha needs to prove himself as worthy of his mate by hunting for her. It's a tradition we all followed and if they have a problem with that, they can complain to the Moon Goddess." 
Petra, Zack, and Erik moved out, this time with a goal on their minds. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 566 The pack run (3)
Chapter 566 The pack run (3)
Mindy and Gideon reached the podium that was built for this occasion. 
In the middle was an altar with a fire on top that was crackling since that afternoon. 
Gideon immediately got busy arranging some items on the altar, and Mindy wanted to take a good look at the people gathered. With just a single glance she was confident that there were more than three thousand people. If this was the Blue River pack, this would probably be the whole pack, yet here people were still coming. It was massive. 
Mindy's mood was dampened by the fact that she didn't know anyone. She grew up as the princess of the Blue River pack and faces there were at least familiar while everyone knew her name, yet now every gaze she met was questioning as people obviously wondered what she was doing up there. 
It was strange to be surrounded by the crowd, yet feel alone. 
Mindy wanted to ask Gideon for a hug or maybe to introduce her as his mate, but he was busy, and this was not the right time to be clingy, so she swallowed her grievances and went behind the podium where she previously kept dried herbs that Gideon will throw into the flames during the ceremony. At least she could do something to occupy herself and be useful. 
Mindy knew that staying in the Dark Howlers pack as Gideon's mate will be an adjustment, but she didn't think it will hit her that hard. 
"Do you need help, Gidi?", a female voice got Mindy's attention and she frowned. 'Who the hell is Gidi?' 
"Thank you, Nina, but I got it covered.", Gideon responded, and Mindy could hear that he was smiling. 
Mindy's instincts told her something was off. Why was he so friendly with a random female? 
Mindy whipped her head in that direction to see a female on the podium who was approaching Gideon with more sway in her hips than Mindy approved. Nina had ample bosom to fill the top part of her leather outfit, and the woman looked to be in her mid-thirties, but Mindy knew that she was way older than that. 
"I saw you have a young assistant. Are you sure you want to let her do this? This ceremony is a big deal. What if she messes up? You know I can be helpful.", Nina ended in a singing voice. 
Gideon scratched the back of his head and Mindy wondered what his expression was. Was he smiling? Even if he wasn't, Nina was smiling coquettishly for both of them. 
Jealousy, dejection, and disappointment swelled in Mindy's chest, making it difficult to breathe and she clutched dried herbs in her hands. 
Why didn't Gideon tell this Nina person to scram? Why was she still standing there? 
Gideon could sense unknown negative emotions and he turned to see Mindy. His brows came together when he saw her knowing look and eyes full of tears. 
"Mindy… no…", he said, but it was too late. Mindy already threw the herbs from her hands and was moving swiftly into the forest. She didn't want to talk to him. She didn't want to talk to anyone. She wanted to go home. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Mindy, wait!", Gideon shouted and a second later, he grabbed her hand. "Where are you going?" 
She looked away. Now on top of all negativities, she was embarrassed as well that he got to see her like that. Mindy was always strong-willed and independent, and it was not like her to snap because of a random woman. Was she really this insecure? It was a foreign feeling and Mindy didn't know what to do with it. But this was more than just Nina, it was about Mindy giving up everything to be with Gideon, yet he took it for granted. Damned be the mate bond if it only caused one of them to compromise and make sacrifices! 
"Mindy, what's going on? Princess…" 
"Don't call me that!", she snapped. "And leave me alone." 
"No. I want to hear what's going on." 
Mindy sneered. "Like you don't know." 
Gideon gritted his teeth. "Is this about Nina?" 
"Why are you asking if you know? No one will notice that I'm missing, and your whole pack is waiting for you to conduct the ceremony so they can go and frolic in the forest. Why are you here? You have Niiiina to help you with the ceremony, Gidi. And she can warm your bed also. It's obvious that you don't need me." 
"Are you jealous?" 
She struggled out of his hold. "Fuck you and fuck your ego!" 
"Damn, Mindy! She is no one!" 
"I don't believe you. If she is no one, why didn't you tell her to scram? Why didn't you tell her that the young ignorant assistant is your mate? She looked down at me. She insulted me. And you let it happen. My brother was right. This won't work." 
Gideon gaped at her in disbelief. "What are you saying?" 
"I am saying, fuck you, Gideon!", Mindy shouted. 
"Stop cursing! Can you calm down and listen!?", he shouted back at her. "I didn't respond to Nina because I was busy thinking about the ceremony. I didn't tell her we are mates because she doesn't deserve to know before others. You are telling me to fuck myself, but that won't happen without your involvement. There is no woman for me, other than you." 
Mindy snorted. "Those are some big words, Shaman Gideon. But your actions are not backing them up." 
Gideon exhaled helplessly. "What do you want me to do? To tell every woman to scram?" 
"Of course, not.", Mindy responded right away. "Feel free to socialize with every woman who gets close to you. I can see that they are willing to help with anything you might need. But I will be damned if you expect me to sit back and let it happen. You want to be served by other women? I will be glad to sever this bond and give you the freedom you so wish for." 
"Do you know what you are saying!?" 
"Do you know what you are doing?", she snapped back at him. "How would you feel if guys come at me and talk trash about you and I let it happen? Oh, but you can't expect me to tell them to scram just because they want to get frisky with me. Surely, as my mate, you will trust me that we won't go beyond talking smack about you.", Mindy said sarcastically. 
Gideon cursed under his breath. All this drama was just because of a few seconds in his delay to respond to Nina? 
In the last few days, there were so many stressful things happening, that Gideon was confident he will get a stomach ulcer. But maybe that was the problem. He was focused on things he needed to do, and he forgot to think about Mindy. She left her pack, her family, and her life underwent a drastic change, yet he didn't do much to assure her that she was not downgrading. Or maybe all this was a big downgrade, and he couldn't match what Mindy was used to having. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 567 The pack run (4)
Chapter 567 The pack run (4)
Gideon refused to give in to negativity. Surely, the Moon Goddess paired them up for a reason. He waited for his mate for decades, and even though he didn't live like a monk, he was not a womanizer either. But no matter how many women passed through his hands, he was left feeling empty, until Mindy showed up, his pumpkin-infused beauty. 
"Princess", Gideon called pleadingly and lifted Mindy's hand to press his lips against her knuckles as he opened up his emotions for her to feel his sincerity. "Allow me to fix my wrongs." 
Mindy didn't respond, but the lack of her fighting back was a silent agreement. 
He held her hand firmly and his other arm circled around her shoulders as he guided her back to the clearing where the crowd was gathered. 
Mindy and Gideon reached the podium to see Nina sorting the herbs that Mindy had previously thrown down. 
"Leave those.", Gideon said stiffly and when Nina looked at him questionably, Gideon repeated, "You heard me. Leave those. I don't need your help." 
After a second of delay, Nina left the herbs back on the floor of the podium and walked to the side. She was not sure what happened, but Gideon was obviously in a bad mood, and she didn't want to provoke him. 
Gideon led Mindy up to the podium and they stood in front of the altar to face the crowd. 
"Can I have your attention?", Gideon called. His voice was not loud, but nearby people heard him, and they quieted down to turn toward him and everyone else followed suit, waiting to see what Gideon will say. 
"Before tonight's ceremony starts, I want to introduce a very important person.", Gideon said and turned to look at Mindy. "The Moon Goddess blessed me with a mate, and that's Mindy River from the Blue River pack. I hope you will all welcome her to our pack and make her feel that by coming here she didn't lose her family, but she expanded it." 
The crowd cheered, and Gideon inched closer to Mindy to ask, "Was this OK for a start?" 
Mindy's chin shivered. "Why didn't you do this right away?" 
"I am old and some think of me as wise, but I am not all-knowing.", Gideon said. "I will rely on you to remind me when I forget to do something important." He reached for his necklace which was made out of beads, teeth, and feathers, and placed it around Mindy's neck. "Will you be my assistant tonight, Mindy? Will you be my mate for life?" 
Mindy was moved. Every necklace used for these ceremonies was personally made by the person wearing it, and the gesture of Gideon giving her his necklace meant that what was his was hers to have. And he did it in front of the whole pack to see. 
"I am not asking you to trust me right away.", Gideon said to Mindy. "I am asking you for a chance. I might mess up again and hurt you unintentionally, but if I repeat the same mistake, I will personally help you pack if that's what you want. Among all women in the Dark Howlers pack, among all women in the world, there is only one Mindy River, and she is my mate, and I promise to cherish her as long as there is breath in me." 
Mindy looked into Gideon's eyes that silently pleaded for her to accept his longwinded apology. How can she say no to that? 
Seeing that Mindy's lips lifted into a smile, Gideon was quick to move to place a kiss on her lips, and use that proximity and sparks of their bond to prevent her from changing her mind. 
"You won't regret this, princess", he murmured against her lips, and then he kissed her again. 
Among cheers and whistles, Gideon inched away from Mindy and grinned at the crowd. His hand was firmly around Mindy's waist, telling everyone that the young woman by Gideon's side was taken. 
Mindy released a shaky breath before saying, "I, Mindy River, denounce my pack, the Blue River pack." She felt a pang in her chest as the connection between her and the Blue River pack was severed, and she was confident that her brother felt it also. Maybe he didn't know it was Mindy, but every Alpha can feel when someone leaves or joins their pack. Of course, joining a pack is not as simple as saying a few words as it required a ceremony and Alpha's acceptance. 
Gideon reached for the knife that was on the altar, and he gave it to Mindy. 
Mindy accepted a long white knife that was made out of a bone, and the handle had intricate designs etched into it. 
Mindy looked into Gideon's eyes and winced when the white blade cut into her palm. 
A few drops of blood trickled, and Gideon collected them in a chalice. 
"Do you accept the Dark Howlers pack as your own?", Gideon asked. 
"I, Mindy River, am willing to accept the Dark Howlers pack as my own.", Mindy confirmed. 
Gideon glanced at Damon who was standing on the side. 
Damon responded with a nod and, "Mindy River, I, Alpha Damon Blake, accept you as the member of the Dark Howlers pack." 
Gideon murmured unintelligible chants while pouring those few drops of blood into the fire that was crackling on the altar, and the moment the flames licked the blood, Mindy felt another pang in her chest, and this one Damon felt as well. 
"Welcome to the Dark Howlers pack, Mindy", Damon said, and the crowd cheered. 
Nina stood on the side, and now she understood Gideon's strange behavior. He found his mate. Who knew? She couldn't prevent the jealousy that swelled within her at the sight of Gideon who was licking Mindy's palm to help her heal while gazing at the young woman lovingly. 
It was obvious that the Shaman was smitten by his mate, and Nina clearly saw that Mindy threw a fit only a few minutes ago. Nina wondered, why did the Moon Goddess pair up Gideon with someone as young and impulsive as Mindy? Wasn't a mature woman like Nina a better match? 
Nina knew Gideon for a long time. She served as his assistant on many occasions and they were friends with benefits. She was confident that Gideon was blinded by Mindy's youthful appearance and that he will eventually get bored of Mindy's snappy personality, and then he will return to normal and to Nina. 
Back in the crowd, Lisa stood with Ester and a few other friends. 
"Isn't that nice?", Ester asked excitedly while elbowing her girlfriends. "Finally, our Shaman found his mate. And that is Mindy from the Blue River pack. She is famous!" Ester was hoping to get close to Mindy, and maybe Mindy could introduce Ester to some of those high-ranking males that were not mated. Who knows, maybe her mate was among them? That would be a dream come true! 
Lisa was not enthusiastic about Gideon and Mindy. Her gaze was on Damon who was standing on the side. "Why is our Alpha on his own? Shouldn't he lead the run with his mate?" 
Lisa heard that Marcy left, that was not a secret, and Lisa wondered if Talia will be there or maybe some other she-wolf will fill in that spot. Lisa had difficulty believing that Talia would rise from a no-name Omega, a wolf-less she-wolf, to be the Luna of the largest pack in North America. Damon was there with Caden and Maya by his side, and part of Lisa was happy that Talia was not in the visible range. 
"Didn't you hear?", Ester responded. "Our Luna went ahead, and Alpha will hunt for her. Exciting!" 
Lisa thought that something was off. "Hunt can start after the ceremony. Why was our Luna willing to skip on the blessing from the Moon Goddess?" She gave Ester a knowing look. "Would YOU skip on the blessing from the Moon Goddess on your first pack run as the Luna?" 
"You think that something is not right?", Ester asked. 
"Something is definitely off.", Lisa said confidently, and then she quickly lowered her voice when she remembered her mother's warnings about not causing trouble. "Don't take my word for it. I'm just guessing. Let's wait and see what will happen." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 568 The pack run (5)
Chapter 568 The pack run (5)
Talia followed her instincts without looking in which direction she was going. But she could feel the incline, and the lack of noise from behind made her wonder if the ceremony started. Her steps halted and she looked up to see the full moon. It was not completely up, did Gideon start the ceremony early? The cheers erupted, and she understood that there was some speech going on. 
Talia released a breath of relief. She still had time, but it was running short, and she needed to hurry. Luckily, the pull was strong, and she knew she was close. 
Talia emerged to a clearing and was greeted by the clamor of water in the distance. 
She paused to observe the surroundings and her breath hitched when she recognized where she was. It was the clearing where Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet were buried. 
Talia smiled a little at the thought that Damon's parents will get to observe the ritual that will remove dark magic from their son. 
Talia looked in the direction of the packhouse that was lower compared to the clearing where she was, and she could see torches with dancing flames marking the area around the raised platform where Gideon was with Mindy by his side. The tree canopies obstructed the view of the crowd, including the area where Damon was with Caden, Maya, and other guests, but Talia knew they were there. 
She could feel the pride that swelled in Damon's chest as he fed on the energy from his pack members and Talia regretted that she was not by his side right there, for everyone to see. Somehow, again she ended up in the background, away from everyone's eyes. Normally, that would be the preferred spot for her, the one that didn't attract attention, but this time she wanted to be by Damon's side. 
Talia forced herself to look away. This was temporary. After this, she will be with Damon and not hide ever again, hopefully. And for now, she needed to focus. 
Talia could feel that she was at the right spot, and she reached into the small pouch to get the chalk and crystals. It was time to draw the diagram and to place energy-attracting s on their right places. 
"Can we help?", Keith asked when he saw that Talia was getting busy. 
"Spread around and make sure no one disturbs me.", Talia responded, hoping that it sounded important enough. It was a silly request because no one would come here. Damon told Talia that this was one of the restricted areas in his territory, and she knew that they were able to come here only because the guards saw her, and they let them pass. 
"Zina? What's the status?", Talia asked. 
Zina's eyes lost focus for a moment and then she responded, "Shaman introduced Mindy as his mate, and she is officially a member of our pack. The Ceremony is about to begin." 
Talia hummed in acknowledgment and continued pushing the grass to the side so that the chalk can make marks on the ground. When she was planning for this in her mind, Talia was doing the drawing on the flat ground, and she totally forgot that out here there will be grass and other foliage in the way. Luckily, it was in the clearing; if she needed to work around a tree, she would be in trouble. 
… 
James and Cornelia stood on the side and Cornelia observed the ceremony with interest. 
Gideon addressed the crowd and then he raised his hands toward the moon as he chanted unintelligibly words she didn't understand, but Cornelia could clearly see that, little by little, the moon's energy was amplifying energy from the surroundings, and everything was converging toward the platform where Gideon and Mindy were standing with the altar in its center. 
Cornelia wondered what will happen next. 
After some time, Cornelia's attention was drawn to the black mist that appeared out of nowhere. It was difficult to see it in the dark, but Cornelia was sensitive to energies, and it took her a few seconds to identify Damon as the source. 
She gave James' hand a squeeze. 
"I think we might have a problem.", Cornelia said in a low voice. 
"What?", James asked. 
"The Shaman is gathering positive energy, and I think it's weakening the defenses that Damon has against black runes.", Cornelia explained to James, and then she reached to touch Maya's shoulder and get her attention. 
"I think that black runes are getting active on your Alpha.", Cornelia told Maya. 
Maya looked at Damon nervously. "Are you sure? What can we do?" 
Cornelia was not sure. Even if the black runes were breaking through, it didn't mean that Damon was not remembering Talia or their plan. There was the potion to suppress the black runes, but if Damon remembered things, then he didn't need it, and if he forgot, then the problem was if they can make Damon drink it now in front of everyone. There was definitely no time to give him the potion sneakily, and forcing it on him was a suicidal mission. On the other side, Talia should be ready with the ritual any minute. 
"Can you check on Talia's status? As long as we get Damon there, things should be fine.", Cornelia said. 
'Zina? Where are you? Is Talia ready?', Maya asked Zina through the mind-link. 
'Talia is still drawing, as for where we are... I'm not sure.', Zina responded. 'I was never here before. We are somewhere up, and I can see the torches that were set up for the ceremony.' 
'Do you see any landmark?', Maya continued probing. 
'It's dark. What do you expect me to see?' 
Maya puffed her cheeks in frustration. That was not useful. 
"What's going on?", Dawn asked in a whisper. She saw the exchange between Maya and Cornelia and even though she didn't hear what they were saying, she figured out that something was off. 
… 
Up at the clearing, Talia finished drawing the diagram and placing the crystals in their designated places. 
After double-checking that everything looks in order, she kept things on the side and glanced in the distance toward the area that was illuminated by torches. 
'Damon, I'm ready for you.', Talia spoke to Damon through their mind-link. 
Silence. 
'Damon?', Talia tried again. 
She opened up her emotions in an attempt to reach him, only to hit a wall. 
"Zina? What's the status at the ceremony?", Talia asked with haste. 
"Ceremony is in progress. Cornelia says that she noticed negative energy radiating from Damon. Maya and Dawn are talking to Caden and trying to figure out what to do.", Zina responded after a few seconds. 
Talia groaned in frustration. What timing! She needed to get Damon to where she was, but how can she do that? And assuming that she succeeds, how can she guarantee that Damon will stand in the magic circle obediently? 
'You can reach him without the mind-link', Liseli spoke in Talia's mind. 'Remember? You were opening the portal and…' 
'I remember.', Talia confirmed. 
She closed her eyes and started feeling her surroundings. Little by little, outlines formed in her mind and she reached the clearing where the ceremony was held, and she could see in her mind the platform and Gideon and Mindy, and the flames, and there was Damon, shrouded in a dark mist. 
"Damon", Talia called, and she could see that he jerked at the sound of her voice. "I am waiting for you." 
"Who are you?", Damon asked, and Talia felt her heart tightening. He didn't remember her. Damn it! 
"I am the girl you introduced to your parents.", Talia responded. "Maybe you don't remember me, but I remember. I know that you feel the emptiness because something important is missing. If you don't come here, you will regret it." 
"Are you threatening me?" 
"No. I am begging you not to repeat the same mistake of abandoning me and then kicking yourself when you remember." 
She could see that Damon hesitated for a second, but then he moved in quick steps. Maybe he remembered, at least a little bit. 
"Zina", Talia called. "Ask James, Cornelia, George, and Dawn to come here. We might need them." 
Talia squeezed her hands into fists nervously while looking in the direction of the torches. Damon will reach her in a few minutes and for the first time, she really didn't know what to expect. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 569 The pack run (6) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 569 The pack run (6) [Bonus chapter]
Author's note: 
Thank you, DespinaNY, for the Magic Castle! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Damon dashed into the forest, and Maya turned to look at Dawn, George, Cornelia, and James. "Talia needs us." She just got a mind-link from Zina. "We need to prepare for the worst-case scenario where we will need to fight against Damon. Cornelia, you can help Talia with the spell, and George and Dawn can help suppress him." James didn't have any role in particular, but it was obvious that he won't let Cornelia go there without him. 
"Where are they?", Cornelia asked. 
Maya shrugged. "Zina doesn't know how to explain. They are on some high hill that has a view of this area." 
James rolled his eyes. "How many hills with a view do you have in that direction?" 
"More than you know.", Maya said sourly. 
George got an idea. "Zina doesn't know, but what about Talia's guards? They should be with her." 
Maya thought how that made sense. Everything happened so quickly that she didn't think about Keith, Liam, Caleb, Pierce, Sandy, and Lulu. 
After a second, Maya confirmed, "It's a restricted area where previous Alpha and Luna are buried." She was never there, but Maya was familiar with areas that were off-limits, so she knew where that was. 
Caden wanted to come also, but Maya stopped him with, "Someone should stay here for crowd control. They are guests, so no one will be suspicious about their absence, and you can say that I went ahead so you will hunt for me after the ceremony." 
Caden didn't like this, but they didn't have time to argue. "Damon didn't shift, so you can catch up to him in wolf form." He gave the bottle with the potion to suppress the black runes to Cornelia. "We need our Alpha back. If the ritual doesn't work, make him drink this." 
Maya gave Caden a quick kiss and led the group of four into the nearby trees. 
Maya shifted into a dark chocolate wolf before dashing into the darkness and George and Dawn followed, leaving behind their ceremonial garments. 
With a thought, James' form changed into a massive golden-brown wolf, and he tugged on Cornelia's skirt with his fangs. 
It took Cornelia a moment to understand. "You want me to ride you?" 
The wolf nodded and his low growl told her that they didn't have time to delay. 
James got down on his belly and waited patiently. 
Cornelia grabbed the garment that fell off James' body when he shifted into the wolf form, and then she reluctantly sat on his back. 
James' whole body shook. No panties! 
Damn! He would give anything to be in his human form and to turn around so she can ride him properly! 
James stood on all four and Cornelia's thighs tightened around him as she laid on him completely to hug his neck. 
James whimpered. Now he could feel her breasts on his shoulder blades! 
"Are you OK?", Cornelia asked. "I am not squeezing too tight, am I?" 
James snorted and started moving. Cornelia clung onto him tightly and he didn't know if that was the best or the worst thing ever, but he was sure that after this he will need to rub it off or have a serious case of blue balls. And damn it, they didn't even kiss yet! 
… 
Talia held her breath as the familiar form appeared in her line of sight. 
Damon was wearing only a black skirt-like garment that reached half of his thighs, and his muscular body was decorated with numerous patterns made with black paint. The necklace of white teeth was a contrast that gave an edge to his already dangerous vibe. 
"Are you the one who called me here?", Damon asked in a gruff voice. "How did you get here?" 
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air while reminding herself not to be afraid. Damon told her that he can sense fear. She was not afraid that he will attack her, but the possibility of him rejecting her was hanging above her head and growing by the second. But he was there, in front of her, and that meant something. 
"I am here because you allowed it to happen.", Talia responded. "When you brought me here the first time, you told your guards that I can come here anytime. It's a permission only the two of us have." 
Damon glanced around to see the darkness, but he knew there were others nearby. "There are more people present." 
"Those are my guards. Guards that you assigned to protect me.", Talia responded. "I know you don't remember, but you can feel that something is missing, right?" 
Damon narrowed his eyes at her. "And you are going to tell me what that is?" 
Talia spread her hands, palm up. "There is too much to tell and not enough time. We've been through a lot in the last two months, Damon. I know you are aware of the gaps. I am the one who can fill them in." 
Talia could see Damon eyeing her suspiciously and she was not sure what to say to make him believe her without making his temper implode. And she was also aware of their audience, so she didn't dare to talk about anything too intimate. 
Maya, Dawn, George, James, and Cornelia were behind Damon now, and Talia understood that the guards let them pass because they assumed the five of them came with Damon, especially when they saw Maya. 
Talia focused on Damon. She needed him to lower his guard and to believe her. 
"You brought me home, Damon, and you told me that it's mine. You took me to a doctor and gave me food. You took me to the amusement park and to the fair. You watched me dance for the Moon Goddess, and you accepted my garland of flowers, and you said it was your first one. You stood up for me when people bullied me, and you taught me to fight." 
"Did I?", he asked. "Show me." 
Talia was confused. "Show you, what?" 
"You said I taught you to fight. Come at me.", he waved at her to get closer. 
"Are you serious?" 
"It seems you expect me to believe that we were in some kind of a relationship. My woman would not be a burden. If I really taught you how to fight, prove it." 
Talia hesitated. This was obviously not the Damon she knew. Her Damon would never call her a burden, even if she couldn't move a muscle, yet this Damon was full of himself and condescending. 
Maya said that Damon before Talia was not pleasant, but Talia had difficulty believing that she really change him that much. 
Damon didn't remember marking Talia which gave her a boost in speed and strength, but she didn't know if that would be enough to prove herself worthy in his eyes. On the other side, no matter how fast and strong she was, could she actually act against Damon? 
"I don't want to hurt you." She really meant it. 
"Those are some big words. Didn't you say that we are short on time? Are you going to come at me, or…" 
Damon didn't finish his question because Talia dashed toward him. In a matter of seconds, they exchanged a dozen of blows. 
Damon only defended and blocked, but the surprise on his face was obvious as Talia's speed was increasing with every next punch and kick.
###Chapter 570 The pack run (7)
Chapter 570 The pack run (7)
Talia's six guards and five friends watched the scene in disbelief. Both Damon and Talia moved at a speed that was difficult to follow. 
Everyone from the Dark Howlers pack knew that Damon's physique was not just for show. He could easily overpower every warrior in their pack, like fighting against a child, and that was without using his Alpha aura. On top of sheer power, Damon's fighting skills were impressive, and they feared that Talia might get hurt because this didn't look like a friendly sparring match. 
Damon and Talia moved in unison, but the slightest miscalculation would lead to injuries and Talia looked fragile compared to Damon. 
Keith gritted his teeth while suppressing his urge to get in there and separate them. He understood that something was wrong with Damon and that Talia was trying to make him better, but did she need to put herself in danger like that? The only things that stopped Keith from interfering were the fact that this was his Alpha who could suppress him with a thought, and also, Talia and Damon were mates. Damn it! Keith really felt useless as Talia's guard. What was the point of being her shield if he needed to watch her fight like this? 
"Who knew that our little Talia had this talent?" 
Keith's attention was drawn toward Lulu who was on his right. She spoke softly, but he heard her clearly. 
"Talia was always impressive.", Keith responded. 
"Are you sure it's safe to talk about a mated she-wolf with so much admiration?", Lula asked Keith in a whisper. "And she is mated to our Alpha. Are you tired of living?" 
Keith snorted. "There is nothing wrong with my words, Lulu, but I'm not sure about yours." 
Lulu frowned. "What do you mean?" 
"Nothing.", Keith scoffed. The envy in Lulu's voice was obvious, but he didn't want to argue with her. 
Actually, it would be unusual if she-wolves didn't feel a dose of jealousy toward Talia. After all, this was Alpha Damon, the most eligible bachelor in their society, the fiercest Alpha, and with Talia being his fated mate, Damon was officially off the market. 
It would be one thing to think of Talia as a weak she-wolf who got lucky, but Talia showed kindness, compassion, and selflessness, she contributed to their military with a mixture of herbs that can diminish their scent, and now she showed fighting skills that were beyond impressive. All this meant that Talia was not just lucky, but Alpha Damon was lucky as well which reduced the chances that he will get bored of Talia and look for another woman. Of course, when mates are fated, the possibility of them getting bored of each other was close to nil, but ignorant she-wolves would always covet what was not theirs in hope that they had a chance. 
Keith sucked in a sharp breath when Damon gripped Talia's ankle as she was mid-kick, and he yanked her toward him, but Talia's body bent elegantly, and she landed on her toes to spring up fluidly with her arm extended upward. 
Damon grabbed Talia's wrist when her fist was only an inch away from his throat, and everything stilled. 
"You taught me that move, Damon.", Talia said breathily. "You said that I shouldn't hesitate to punch you in the throat." 
Damon stared at her fist before responding, "That sounds like something I might teach you." His eyes narrowed at Talia. "Did I also teach you to hold back?" 
Talia didn't get it. "What?" 
Damon was frustrated. Maybe others couldn't follow their movements, but he was certain that she didn't give it her all. Her hits lacked resolve and he was confident that she wouldn't injure him even if he didn't block her. 
"Did you think I wouldn't notice that your punches are losing strength just before they land?", Damon asked through his teeth. He was angry now. "Do you think that I need you to go easy on me?" 
Talia didn't want to go easy on him, but she couldn't hurt him either. Hurting Damon would mean hurting herself and no matter how much his attitude rubbed her the wrong way, that was still her Damon; a version of him she didn't like, but it was him. It was not his fault that black runes were affecting him. 
Seeing that Talia's determination was wavering, Damon tugged her toward him, to the side, and she ended up falling on the grass with Damon on top of her. 
Talia wiggled under him, but he was quick to block her legs with his and to hold her arms. Damon effortlessly gripped her wrists with his one hand above her head, and he smirked victoriously. 
"Is this what you wanted?", Damon asked when Talia stopped struggling under him. "I admit. Your skills impressed me enough to acknowledge you as mine, for tonight." 
Talia looked at him in confusion while wondering what did he mean by that. 
Damon's grin widened as he settled between her legs, letting her feel his erection at the cradle of her thighs. 
Talia couldn't believe this. "People are watching.", she spoke in an urgent whisper. Their ceremonial garments didn't provide much coverage, and now that he was on top of her, Talia felt exposed. 
"Do you think it will be the first time for a woman to give herself to me in front of an audience?" He wanted to say that she was the same as the others, without scruples, only going after him because of his position and money, but the anguish in her eyes pierced deep into his heart and he couldn't say any of those words. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
'Let me bite his head off!', Liseli raged in Talia's mind. 'The bastard doesn't deserve you.' 
'He doesn't remember me.', Talia responded. 
'That doesn't give him the right to be an asshole! Was he acting like this before when Sapa was with him? I will remove the black runes just so that I can teach Sapa a lesson!' 
Talia knew that Liseli was right. She didn't like this Damon. She wanted her Damon back. This Damon looked the same and smelled the same, but it was not the same person. Did she lose him forever? 
'We are here to save him.', Talia reminded Liseli. 
'The stinky boy is making it very difficult for me to want anything good to happen to him!', Liseli growled. 'It's better to be alone than with a mate who is an emotional degenerate!' 
'It's not his fault.', Talia tried to reason with Liseli because Liseli's rage was spilling on Talia and Talia knew that if she loses her temper, she and Damon will fight, and she didn't want to fight with him. 
Surely, there must be a better way to handle this situation than to knock him out or inject him with the concoction that will make him lose his memory. His head was already messed up and he was confused, and Talia felt that she was the one who can make him remember. 
'There was no one to show him the right way.', Talia continued saying to Liseli and to herself. 'Women threw themselves at him, and he thought that was normal. Damon detached himself emotionally as a form of self-defense from people who wanted to take advantage of him…' 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 571 The pack run (8)
Chapter 571 The pack run (8)
Damon released Talia's wrists and his hand glided along her arm, on the side of her body, stopping to hold onto her waist that was exposed between two leather garments. 
"Get off her!", Keith shouted while dashing toward them from the nearby bushes. 
"Keith, no!", Talia exclaimed, but it was too late, as he was already on his knees and struggling to get up under Damon's aura that held him down effortlessly. 
"Well, well…", Damon drawled. "Who do we have here? Why does the Coach think that he can interfere when his Alpha is about to claim a woman? And there is more than one idiot." 
Damon's eyes didn't move from Keith, but Talia could see that Liam, Pierce, Caleb, and Sandy were also down on their knees, forming a strange circle about ten steps away from Talia and Damon. 
Lulu was more in the back, hiding behind a tree and Talia was grateful that at least one of them knew that it was suicidal to go against Damon. 
"Damon…", Talia called. 
"Shut up!", Damon hissed at Talia. 
"Don't talk to her like that!", Maya exclaimed from the back. 
Dawn and George were approaching them, but Talia stopped them with, "Don't! If you come closer, you will only make it worse." They needed to handle this peacefully, or everything might fall apart. 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Talia. "These are my people rebelling. Did you put them up to this?" 
"They are our friends.", Talia responded. "My guards. You are the one who assigned them to protect me. They are only doing their job." 
"Protect you? Against their Alpha?" 
"My Alpha would never force himself on a woman.", Keith struggled to speak. "My Alpha wouldn't treat his mate like this. Let her go." 
Damon smirked. "Why don't you make me?" 
Keith groaned as Damon's aura threatened to crush him. 
"Damon…", Talia called in a trembling voice. "Don't do this. This is not you. Even if you don't remember me, you should know yourself. Don't you feel me running through your veins? You asked me not to leave you. You said that you will never let go. You said that if we are ever apart, you will turn heaven and earth to find me. You said that even if you lose your power, your money, and your pack, I will still have you because we are one. You are my home, and I am yours. That's not something you can forget." 
Damon was not smiling anymore, and he was not sure if he was breathing. 
Mental images flashed in front of his eyes. It was Talia in a red swimsuit, and Damon rushing to cover her up. He didn't want others to see the shape of her body, and he could feel the possessiveness of wanting to keep this female only to himself. 
The words echoed in his head, 'Mine to touch, mine to kiss, mine to hold, mine to love…' 
Damon cursed under his breath. Was that really him? 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon buried his face in the crook of Talia's neck, and he took a deep breath. 
"You smell good.", he murmured. Her scent was citrusy sweet, not overwhelming, but it was more than enough to make him dizzy and crave for more. 
"This…" His hand moved lower, reaching under the length of her skirt and he gave her thigh a squeeze. "It feels right." Why did it feel so good to be close to Talia? He didn't want to separate from her, like being skin-to-skin was the only way to go. 
Talia released a shaky breath. His touch felt good and repulsive at the same time. 
She responded in a whisper while choking on her tears, "That's because we are mates, Damon. I have your mark on my neck and you are wearing mine. The dark magic is blocking our bond and your wolf. I need you to let me do the ritual to remove the black runes, so you get Sapa back and your memories of us." 
Damon's grip on Talia's thigh tightened and she winced. 
"You expect me to believe that?", Damon asked angrily. 
Talia looked into his icy-blue eyes which were full of questions. 
"You don't need to believe me but believe your wolf. Ask him. He is not saying anything, is he?" 
Damon frowned at these words. How did Talia know that his wolf can talk? He never told anyone. And how did she know that the old guy was unreachable? 
"Don't you feel that your wolf is sealed? I know it's not in your nature to trust others, but this time…", she licked her lips nervously. "I need you to trust me." 
Damon looked into her honeyed eyes that pleaded with him to believe her, and for some unknown reason… he did. 
Talia was not sure what to expect when he released her thigh. His emotions were unreachable, and she was nervous. The only good thing was that Keith, Liam, Pierce, Caleb, and Sandy were breathing normally now, which meant that Damon stopped pressuring them with his aura. She hoped that they were not hurt too much, but she didn't have the capacity to check on them as Damon was unstable. 
"What do you want me to do?", Damon asked. 
Talia's heart leaped in her chest. "We need to go there." She gestured with her chin to her left. Damon moved from her, and they got on their feet at the same time. Talia took his hand into hers and their fingers interlaced. 
"This…", Damon said while staring at their connected hands. "This feels right as well." 
Talia smiled a little. "It always did." She wanted to celebrate this small victory, but she also felt that it was too early. 
Talia led Damon to the diagram she made previously and both of them stood in the middle to face each other. 
"Don't let go, Damon.", she said while tightening her hold on his fingers. 
Something flashed in his eyes, like recognition of some kind. "Never.", he responded. 
Talia looked up to see the full moon and she silently prayed that this will work. It had to work. 
She took a deep breath and started saying ancient chants, when Cornelia interrupted her with, "You can't cast a spell if you are in the circle." 
"Can you do it?", Talia asked Cornelia. She didn't know about this limitation, but she really didn't want to let go of Damon. There was a familiar part of him awakening and she feared that if she lets go, that part will be gone. 
Cornelia didn't approve. "We don't know what effect it will have on you." 
"I will be fine.", Talia responded. 
"What you are doing is reckless.", Cornelia said sternly. 
"I am doing what feels right, Cornelia.", Talia responded without breaking eye contact with Damon. "Without him, nothing matters." She didn't care about being Alpha or Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, and if anything happened to her, Axel would take care of the Midnight Guardians pack. In a way, everyone had someone, and Talia had only Damon and nothing mattered without him. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 572 The pack run (9) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 572 The pack run (9) [Bonus chapter]
Damon didn't understand the meaning behind Talia's words, but he knew they were heavy. Something told him that the small woman in front of him would risk everything for him, and support him with no questions asked, even when he was an asshole and when he mistreated her. Unconditional acceptance. It was something he didn't remember, yet he knew that it can be given to him only by the woman who stood in front of him. 
Damon reached with his free hand to touch her cheek. 
"Kitten…", he murmured, and a lone tear escaped her eye to settle on his index finger. 
Damon's eyes were distant and full of confusion, and she knew that memories were struggling to emerge, but that was still not her Damon. She needed this spell to remove black runes once and for all, so she can stop worrying that he will forget about her and about everything they've been through so far. 
Cornelia opened her mouth to try and reason with Talia, but James grabbed her hand and gave her a squeeze. 
"Do what she asked.", James said. "I know you don't approve, but I would do the same for you in a heartbeat." 
Cornelia looked at James for a long moment and then she nodded in understanding. She would do the same for him as well. But there was one problem. "What about the payment?", Cornelia asked. 
"I will pay.", Damon said, surprising everyone. "It seems that this ritual is for me. If my memories return, and I realize that the girl in front of me is my mate, then… I will pay whatever you want." It was more of a challenge than a promise, but Cornelia didn't care about his motives. 
"I will take your word for it, Alpha.", Cornelia said with a smirk. 
"Didn't I pay already for this?", Talia asked with urgency. Actually, Axel agreed to pay, but then Evanora waived the fee, a mate for a mate. 
Cornelia looked at Talia like she asked something silly. "That was to provide you with a ritual, and it didn't include me performing it. But don't worry, I won't ask for too much. I'm confident that your mate can afford it." Seeing Talia's disapproval, Cornelia spread her arms, hands up. "Do you want this to happen or not? It's not like you have other options unless you step outside." 
'She is right', Liseli spoke in Talia's head. 'Let her do this.' How Liseli saw this, Damon should suffer because all this mess was caused by him, and Liseli didn't forgive Damon for how he treated Talia just a few minutes ago. 
Reluctantly, Talia gave a nod of agreement. 
Happy to get this confirmation, Cornelia glanced at James to say, "Stand back." 
Cornelia raised her arms, and her fingers twisted to form complex seals. James wondered if the wind gathering there was a coincidence or Cornelia's doing. 
A few seconds later, Cornelia's whole body was shrouded in a silvery glow and ancient words came as whispers from her lips. 
The diagram below Talia and Damon lit up in a pulsating white light that was getting stronger with every beat. 
The light rose from the ground to envelope two figures who stood there holding hands, until they were just outlines. 
The wind picked up to carry leaves and small branches, creating a twister around Talia and Damon. Cornelia's voice echoed into the night, causing goosebumps to rise on the skin of everyone who heard her. The whole scene was magical. 
Talia observed Damon and her eyes narrowed on the black runes that pulsated on his skin, as if an invisible force was ripping them from his flesh. 
Damon groaned as his whole body felt like it was set ablaze, but his eyes didn't leave Talia's that were now glowing in silvery light. 
Damon's vision blurred and he bit the inside of his cheek in an effort to stay conscious. Talia's form was glowing, and her hair turned silvery; she looked like a Goddess. Was this really his mate? She was beautiful. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon gasped at the sharp pain that assaulted every cell in his body, and he remembered a girl in the dark kitchen who gave him the slip when he was dazed by her scent which he couldn't track… and then he saw her in the attic, hiding behind her knees… he licked her wound and smuggled her out of the Red Moon pack… he tended to her wounds clumsily in a hotel, and he fed her, and he took her shopping for clothes… amusement park… the Summer Solstice festival… party at the Lightclaw pack… it all came to him like an unstoppable flood that filled his mind with memories and his chest with emotions that were always there, yet he couldn't reach them. And pain. So much pain for what he had done. 
She was his most precious person, yet he treated her like she was not important. Again. 
'You are such a prick!', Sapa shouted in Damon's head and Damon agreed with the old beast. 
Damon closed his eyes. Maybe he should stop resisting and just lose consciousness, and when he wakes up, he will see that this was another bad dream. 
"Ahhh!", Talia's scream over the howl of the wind around them made Damon's eyes snap open to look at her in panic. What happened? 
He could see black lines slithering on her skin. 
'What is that?', Damon asked his wolf in panic. 
'I don't know', Sapa responded. 'It could be remnants from the dark magic.' 
Damon's heart tightened. 'Will she forget about me now?' 
Sapa had no idea if those small lines will have any effect on Talia, but he didn't feel like comforting Damon. 'Maybe that's not a bad thing.' 
"NO!", Damon shouted, and his arms wrapped around Talia. He looked up in the tunnel of white light that opened up to show the full moon at the top. "You can't take her away from me. She is the only one I care about. I know I fucked up, more than once, but I can't fix it if you take her away! Please… don't take her away. You can't take her away, not now. I just found her…" For nearly three decades he was wandering on his own. When he found Talia, he was not ready to acknowledge her, and now when things fell into place… "IT'S NOT FAIR!", Damon hollered against the howl of the wind, desperation breaking his voice. 
The white light around them pulsated strongly once, twice, and then it dispersed as a silent explosion in all directions that carried leaves, twigs, pebbles, and dust. Everything was numbly quiet. 
Maya blinked to see the dust settling and Damon holding Talia in his arms. They were covered in fine powder and looked like statues. If not for Damon's chest heaving, Maya would think that they got petrified and for a few long seconds, no one moved. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 573 The pack run (10)
Chapter 573 The pack run (10)
"Kitten…", Damon called in a low voice while touching Talia's cheek gently, as if he was afraid that he will break her. "Can you hear me? Say something." 
Talia blinked to see Damon's concerned expression as he examined her face, and her lips lifted in a crooked smile when she recognized the flood of emotions. Her Damon was back. But her happiness lasted only for a second because she remembered how they found themselves there. 
Damon forgot about Talia and didn't feel the bond, and she ended up sparring with him, and Damon manhandled her like she was a cheap woman willing to sleep with him for everyone to see, and then he hurt her guards. 
The mental image of Keith struggling on the ground while telling Damon to get off Talia was painfully etched into her memory. Keith knew that he didn't stand a chance, yet he still struggled in an attempt to keep her safe. 
Talia was not sure if the pinch in the back of her throat was because of Keith's readiness to sacrifice himself for her, or because Damon was the one who caused Keith to go to such an extreme. 
Talia pushed Damon away and she looked around to see that Liam, Sandy, Pierce, and Caleb were getting up to stand. Dawn, George, James, and Cornelia seemed to be OK, and Maya was helping Zina to stand up. 
Talia sucked in a sharp breath when she saw that Keith was still on the ground. The poor coach got the biggest hit from Damon's aura. 
Talia swiftly moved to kneel next to Keith, leaving Damon to stand awkwardly with his arms half-outstretched where Talia used to be. 
"Hey…", Talia called Keith. "How are you feeling?" 
Keith smiled a little when her hand touched his cheek. 
"I'm glad you are OK.", he said, and he grimaced when he moved. 
Talia was quick to put her hands on him. 
"Shh…", she urged him not to move. "Relax and let me in." 
Talia's hands lit up in a silvery light that spread to envelop Keith, and a series of crunching sounds were heard, as if someone was cracking knuckles, but the sounds were coming from Keith's back. 
Keith felt warmth spreading through his body, from the points where Talia's palms rested on his skin. The sensation was comforting and numbing, and somehow, he knew that she was mending his bones and muscles. As a werewolf, he would heal, but she reduced a few days (or maybe weeks) into a minute, and Keith admired her even more. He always knew that Talia was special, but at that moment, Talia looked like a fairy. 
"How is that?", Talia asked. 
"Thank you.", Keith responded breathily. He wanted to get up, but Talia was quick to press on his shoulder. 
"Don't move.", she said to Keith and glanced at Maya. "Call Doctor Travis and tell him to bring a stretcher. Keith needs a full checkup." She turned back to Keith. "Only when Doctor Travis says you are fine, you can resume your duty as my guard. Is that clear?" 
Keith nodded obediently. 
Damon was observing the scene from the side and jealousy was eating him alive. Why was Talia so warm toward the measly coach? Can't she see that he was smitten with her? Was she encouraging him? 
"Does he deserve your care?", Damon squeezed through his teeth. 
Talia whipped her head that way, just in time to see George's fist connecting with Damon's jaw. 
'POW!' 
Damon stumbled backward. "What the fuck is wrong with you!?", Damon raged at George. 
"That's for treating your mate like shit.", George said grimly. George could feel Dawn's anger and dejection, and he had to let out some steam, for both of them. 
More than being angry at George for hitting him, Damon turned to look at Talia, desperate to get her forgiveness. He needed to hear her say it was OK, and that she was not upset about what happened. 
"I'm sorry for pinning you down like that.", Damon said. "You know I wouldn't go through with it if you were not willing. I would never force you." 
This was not just about Talia, but about any woman. Damon did many things he was not proud of, but he never did anything against a woman's will. A no was a no, no matter how angry, drunk, or horny he was. 
When Talia didn't respond, Damon asked, "Are you affected by the dark magic? Is that impacting your behavior?" 
"There is no dark influence in her energies.", Cornelia said. 
Damon frowned at the witch. "Why is she not by my side then?" 
Cornelia cocked an eyebrow at him. "Do you really need me to answer that?" 
"You went too far." It was Maya who said this and Zina's stubborn expression showed that she agreed. 
Damon gritted his teeth. "I was confused, and I didn't remember Talia. I was confident that she just wanted to seduce me, that she turned you against me and…" He was not sure how to finish this. 
"If your goal was to humiliate her, congratulations on a job well done." This came from James. "You were a prime example of why women with self-respect stay away from Alphas." 
Damon groaned in frustration and turned to Talia. "You know that was not me." 
Talia gave Keith a comforting tap on his hand, and then she stood up to face Damon. 
'No, Damon. That was you.', she responded through their private mind-link. 
Damon's stomach fell. 'Kitten…' 
'Don't.', she interrupted him. 'I couldn't make myself hurt you, and instead of seeing that as my care for you, you saw it as a challenge, and in the end, you made me feel… not safe.' 
Damon gasped as anger, anguish, and helplessness poured into him through their mate bond. He could feel all the love Talia had for him mixed with embarrassment and fear and many other emotions he couldn't identify, but he knew they were not good. 
Damon was her home, yet he made her feel not safe, and he had no idea how to fix this. 
"Don't follow me.", Talia said. "I want to be alone." 
"Talia…", Damon called and moved toward her, but instead of grabbing her arm, he grabbed only an afterimage as Talia was already gone among bushes, proving that in their previous spar she held back on her speed. Actually, she disappeared from sight so quickly that Damon suspected that might be one of her magical abilities, but he didn't want to clarify it in front of everyone present. They already saw too much. 
"Go after her!", Sandy exclaimed at her fellow guards while approaching Keith who still didn't move from the ground how Talia left him. "I will stay with Keith until Doctor Travis reaches here." 
At Sandy's words, Liam, Pierce, Caleb, and Lulu dashed in the direction where Talia went. 
"Where are you going!?", Maya shouted after Damon. 
"What do you think?", Damon asked without stopping his steps. It was obvious that he was going after Talia. 
"What about the pack run?" 
This question made him pause and look at Maya. "Nothing matters without Talia." 
"What are we going to tell the pack?", Maya asked. "You know that Elders are only waiting for you to slip and call you incompetent?" 
"Tell them that their Alpha screwed up. I am incompetent. If I can't keep my own mate, how can I take care of the pack?" 
Maya wanted to tell him to stop, but she could hear how broken he was, so she only nodded in understanding. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 574 The pack run (11)
Chapter 574 The pack run (11)
'Caden!', Maya called through the mind-link when Damon disappeared from her line of sight. 'We have a problem!' 
'Now what?', Caden asked anxiously. 'The ceremony is almost done. Don't tell me that you couldn't remove dark magic from Damon.' 
'It's the opposite.', Maya said. 'The runes are gone, and Damon now knows how badly he treated Talia. Actually, he added to his endless list of offenses. Talia left, and he went after her. What should we do?' 
After a few seconds of cursing, Caden responded, 'You are asking the wrong person. Don't you have a genius there next to you?' 
James was looking at his chocolate-skinned Goddess who was collecting energy crystals from the ground that Talia left behind, when he felt hairs rising at the back of his neck. James turned in slow motion to see Maya looking at him with sparkles in her eyes. He had a bad feeling about this. 
"What?", James asked. 
"We need your brilliance.", Maya responded. 
James was on high alert. No one would flatter him like that without reason. He didn't want to meddle with these needy people anymore, and he had a hunch regarding what Maya wanted, but Cornelia was right there, and if he refuses Maya, won't that make him look like a weakling? 
James raised his arms, palms toward Maya. "I can give you advice, but I am not a miracle worker. If you need me to turn back time, that's out of the scope of my abilities." 
"Well, it's a good thing I don't need you to turn back time.", Maya said. "I need you to save the future. Our whole pack is depending on this but I know you can do it." 
James groaned. "Stop buttering me up and get to the point." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Damon walked through the bushes while following the pull of his mate bond. Talia didn't leave a single trace and her scent was impossible to track. She was fantastic. 
Damon could track Caleb, Pierce, Liam, and Lulu, but there were no guarantees that they were actually following Talia, so he disregarded their traces. 
Talia shut down her emotions, and Damon couldn't sense her current state. Was she upset? That was very likely, and Damon realized that by keeping him out, she was telling him that he was not worthy of sharing her anything, and she was right. 
'I can't believe you messed up so badly!', Sapa grumbled in Damon's head. He finally got a chance to be with Liseli, and Damon spoiled it! 
'Shut up and help me track mate!', Damon grumbled back. 'And help me figure out how to apologize.' 
Sapa snorted. 'Get on your knees and beg. Let her sense how guilty you feel, and the mate bond will do the rest.' 
Damon was not sure that will be enough this time. Should he jump into a waterfall again? Or maybe he should find an active volcano. 
In truth, Damon didn't understand what the big deal was. It's not like he violated her. It was just a game of dominance he played many times before. 
If this was a guy challenging him, Damon would beat the crap out of him. But Talia was a girl, and Damon was not a woman-beater, so he pinned her under him in order to show that he was in charge. But she was his mate he couldn't remember, and things escalated. 
Damon released a long breath. Maybe this mate business was too much for a knucklehead like him. Or was this Moon Goddess' idea of a joke? 
Since Damon met Talia and brought her home, time after time, he was trying to do the right thing, yet he ended up hurting her. He remembered overhearing when Talia called him a jinx. Was she right about him bringing misfortune? Would she be better off without him? That was a possibility that made his heart ache to the point of insanity because if Talia really leaves him, he will be left with nothing. 
Damon's steps halted when he saw two pieces of leather on the ground. "What the…?" 
'Mate shifted!', Sapa said excitedly. 'I can meet Liseli!' 
Damon sniffed the area carefully to confirm that only Talia's scent was there. 
Damon shoved a hand in his hair. Talia shifting into her wolf form was wrong on so many levels! 
The first shift is painful, and Damon was supposed to be by Talia's side and hold her and tell her that things will be alright, yet Talia went through that on her own! 
Also, her being in wolf form meant that she was faster, and if Liseli was in charge, Damon was in a bigger predicament because the old creature hated him. 
'Stop feeling sorry for yourself and either go and get mate, or let me do it!', Sapa shouted. He really wanted to meet Liseli. 
Damon thought how that was not a bad idea. If he shows up in front of Liseli, he will get a bashing, but if it's Sapa, there might be a chance for a better outcome. Actually, Damon would take bashing gladly, he would take any punishment, as long as Talia doesn't leave him. 
Damon's consciousness shifted as his perspective changed, sharpening his senses and instincts. Sapa dug his paws into the soft grass before the foliage around him turned into a blur as he moved along the invisible path that led him toward the source of his desires. 
… 
Damon's paws halted on the hard ground among the twigs as he sensed that Talia was close. Her four guards were in the area as well, but Damon ignored them. 
A gentle murmur of water told him that the river was nearby, and the gentle breeze carried with it the sweet citrusy scent of freesia that was so delicate that he would miss it if he didn't know what he was looking for. 
Damon's snout peeked from between two bushes, and he paused at the sight of a majestic light gray wolf whose fur shimmered in silver light under the moonlight as it was caressed by the breeze. 
'Liseli!', Sapa shouted, only for Damon to hear. 'She is beautiful, isn't she?' 
'Yes, she is.', Damon responded. 
The light gray wolf was perched on top of the massive rock with her head resting on her paws and staring into the calm surface of the river that rippled to create an illusion of the moon and stars dancing on it. 
'Make some noise.', Damon said to Sapa. 'We are down the wind, and we don't want to startle her.' 
'She knows we are here.', Sapa responded with confidence. 
Damon was not sure how Sapa could be so optimistic, but then… if Talia knew that Damon was approaching her, and she didn't run away, that should be a good thing. 
'Slowly…', Damon reminded his wolf who was too excited to see his mate. The last thing Damon wanted was to appear aggressive and spook Talia away. He had already done a lot of damage, and he was determined to approach her slowly and do this right. He had to make it right. Somehow. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 575 The pack run (12)
Chapter 575 The pack run (12)
From the moment the painful shift into the wolf form ended, Talia retracted to the back of her mind, letting Liseli take over. The old beast was craving freedom and to stretch her paws, and Talia was not in the mood to interact with anyone, so this worked for both of them. 
Liseli felt Caleb, Pierce, Liam, and Lulu in the area but since the four guards were only keeping watch from the distance, she didn't bother with them. 
After a short run, Liseli settled at the top of a rock, and she gazed into the water while enjoying the wind that ruffled her fur. 
'Do you want to talk about it?', Liseli asked Talia. 
'No.' 
'Are you sure?' 
'There is no point.', Talia responded. 'I have no right to judge Damon for how he acted before we met, and tonight the dark magic blocked our bond so he couldn't recognize me. When I think about it from that perspective, I shouldn't be upset and I should forgive him, but I can't erase this feeling of disgust. He hurt me. Should I neglect how he made me feel because he was not himself?' Talia wanted to punch something and release the frustration that was bubbling inside her. 'And here I am, talking about it even though I said I won't. Why am I this angry? Why can't I shake it off?' 
'It could be the effect of dark magic.', Liseli responded. 'I feel remnants of it inside us. It happened during the ritual.' And when they found Damon collapsed on the bedroom floor when the potion was taking the effect. 
'I don't feel anything.', Talia said. 
'Yes, you do. It's the anger you spoke off. It's messing with your emotions and preventing you from forgiving Damon.' 
Talia was not convinced. 'Does he deserve to be forgiven? He was an asshole and now suddenly he changed his ways, and he gets a clean slate? Shouldn't he pay for all the wrongs he did?' Talia paused when she realized that this was not her usual self. Maybe she was corrupted by negativity. 'How can I get it off?' 
'I'm not sure.', Liseli responded honestly. 'Only light can chase away the darkness.' 
Talia groaned irritably. This was not the time for riddles. She needed solutions! 
Liseli's words were simple, but Talia's thoughts and emotions were a mess, and she couldn't suppress the darkness she never felt before. It was gnawing at her heart and making her feel uncomfortable in her skin. Was it really due to the dark magic? How can she get rid of it? Talia wanted to be herself again, this didn't feel right. 
... 
'Damon is here.', Liseli said to Talia. 
Talia's heart skipped a beat. She was really missing his proximity, but… 'I don't care.' She didn't want to talk to him. Not yet. The negativity bubbled inside her and Talia feared that she will say something that can't be taken back. 
The memory of him taking advantage to feel her out while others were watching was making her nauseous. 
Would he go all the way if she was willing? How many women allowed him to go all the way without privacy? And did he really think that any woman would enjoy such an experience? He was such an idiot! Actually, females like Nora would enjoy having witnesses to confirm she spread her legs for an impressive Alpha like Damon, but that didn't make Damon any less of an idiot! 
For Talia, making love was intimate and sacred, every touch was meant only for the two of them to share, and he ruined it! 
'You could have blasted him.', Liseli said. 'But instead, you allowed it to happen while trying to talk sense into him. On the bright side, it worked.' 
Talia snorted. 'Great. It's my fault that my mate is a lecherous bastard. Thank you, Moon Goddess!' 
'It's what the Moon Goddess arranged.', Liseli said. 'Damon is a handful. You are probably the only female that can handle him.' 
'You wanted to say that I'm the only female stupid enough to forgive him repeatedly! What about ME? Don't I deserve a caring man who will respect me after all I've been through?', Talia asked grumpily. 'Besides, since when are you taking his side?' 
'He is your mate, child.', Liseli responded. 'You have two choices. Accept him or reject him, and I know you won't do the latter, so it's better if you embrace the reality that you are stuck with him and shorten your suffering.' 
'It seems to me that suffering is all I do.', Talia was NOT happy. 
'Don't allow negative emotions to guide you. Think about things before you do something you might regret.', Liseli advised Talia. 
'I know it's not fair. Since we met, Damon was trying and what happened tonight was not Damon's fault. It was the dark magic, it was Cassandra, and Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia and Alpha Edward, and Elders. Oh! And it was Marcy and Cassie and Ashley and Nora, and it was how he grew up on his own, and it was always someone else, and it was NEVER his fault. Even before I realized Damon was my mate, everything with him was a struggle. Why can't we just be happy?', Talia ranted. She wanted to be happy, damn it! 
'Happiness doesn't come easily.', Liseli said. 'I should know.' 
'I'm sorry, Liseli.', Talia said quickly. She forgot that Liseli was apart from Sapa for centuries and that she was fed lies about how Sapa moved on and forgot about her, yet Liseli survived, and here she is, finally able to be with Sapa, but Talia was ruining it for her. 
'Don't be sorry, child.', Liseli said. 'It's normal to feel what you are feeling. It would be strange if you could set aside your grievances and just forgive him. But I have a feeling that remnants of dark magic are amplifying your negative emotions and you aren't thinking clearly. Alphas are dominant, overbearing, and crude, but they would never hurt their mate. Don't judge him based on how he treats others.' 
Talia was confused. Was Liseli telling her to forgive Damon or not? 'What should I do?' 
'You love him, and I can tell you from my experience that every minute with your mate is worth it. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't let him grovel and show his sincerity.' 
'How about I give you privacy and you spend time with Sapa?', Talia suggested. By tomorrow, her emotions will simmer down, and she might be able to talk to Damon. 
Liseli disapproved. 'I can't be happy with Sapa if you have this tension. We are sharing emotions, girl. So out with it.' 
'What are you expecting me to do?' 
'For a start, listen.', Liseli said and turned her head to see a big black wolf approaching them slowly with his head lowered in submission. 
'Don't allow one bad incident to ruin everything Damon built so far.', Liseli continued advising Talia. 'Damon changed, and he did it for you. No one would make an Alpha humble himself like this other than you. Open your mind and your heart and hear him out...' 
Damon was almost at the rock where Talia was when his steps halted. His head went even lower, nearly touching the ground, and he whimpered. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 576 The pack run (13)
Chapter 576 The pack run (13)
Talia looked at the mighty Alpha lowering his head in front of her while asking for forgiveness. 
She never saw Damon being so vulnerable, and she could feel that he was truly sorry. He wouldn't act like that if he remembered her. If damned runes didn't block the mate bond, Damon would probably flip because Talia was out in public while wearing those skimpy ceremonial garments. 
Damon lifted his gaze to meet Talia's honeyed eyes and the world stopped. 
Two majestic wolves, one light gray and one black were looking at each other, silently exchanging intense emotions that made their hearts beat wildly. 
Damon and Talia knew they love each other and that staying apart was impossible, yet there was a chasm between them created by the two of them and many other events they couldn't control. Shit happened and they needed to find a way out of it because this situation was killing them both. 
Damon tried reaching to Talia through their mind-link, but it didn't work. He could exchange thoughts with Talia, but Damon wanted her to know that this was him talking and not Sapa. 
'I need to talk to her.', Damon said to Sapa. Being in his wolf form allowed him many things, but not to talk for the technicality of wolves not having vocal cords. 
Talia's eyes widened as she observed the black wolf transforming into a human form right in front of her eyes. It lasted just a second, but it left a lasting impression. The magnificent beast turned into a handsome male who had only a necklace of white teeth around his neck and the rest of his muscular body was exposed for her to see. 
Damon looked up at Talia and he fell to his knees while placing his palms on the rock where Talia was sitting in her wolf form. 
"Thank you for staying to listen and giving me a chance to explain.", he said. 
After a brief pause, Damon exhaled dejectedly as Talia's skepticism poured into him and he realized the gravity of his situation. He showed her who he was before they met and he treated her like any other non-important person. Did he want her to accept that side of him? Absolutely not. That was old Damon, Damon that shouldn't appear ever again, yet he was there and he hurt his mate. Damon felt like an idiot. Were there any words that can make it better? 
"Actually, there is nothing to explain. That was me. It was all me. I am a cancer of our society who took advantage of many women who would do anything to be with me." 
Talia gaped at Damon. She expected explanations, excuses, and pretty lies, but she never expected the blatant truth. Was this really Damon? The same one who would never admit that he was mistaken? And he was still talking. 
"You are the one who made me realize how wrong I was, and instead of thanking you, I ended up hurting you. You see, I am not a saint, far from it. From the moment we met, I started questioning my choices. You make me want to be a better person and without you in my life, I am back to being the scum I used to be." Damon paused to lick his lips nervously. "I need you to see how important you are to me. Without you, I am a machine without a soul. You make my life worth living..." 
Damon stopped talking when the silvery wolf moved, and his breath caught in his throat when Talia leaped off the rock. Did she just leave him? 
'SPLASH!' 
Talia's furry form disappeared under the surface of the water, and a second later, a head full of wet hair emerged. 
Talia found a bunch of small rocks to stand on, bending her knees so that water was up to her shoulder level, which was perfect to hide her private parts because her guards were nearby, and she had no clothes to put on. 
"Talia!", Damon exclaimed and dashed toward the river without hesitation. His plunge barely disturbed the surface. Damon was not sure if she would stay there or continue running, but he had no intention to let her leave his sight. 
Damon's head appeared a few steps away from Talia. 
Talia eyed Damon suspiciously while wondering what he was up to. Yes, she heard what he said when he was next to the rock, but the dejection in her was still bubbling. She knew Damon as cheeky, caring, domineering, but she never knew the side of him that was disgustingly egotistical, and she hated it. 
Damon licked his lips nervously. "I'm sorry, kitten." 
"Do you think your sorry will fix things? You made me feel cheap. You made me feel like crap. Is that what you wanted? Even if you didn't know I'm your mate, you should never do that to any woman." 
Talia released a frustrated breath. Why the hell was she explaining to the most promiscuous person on the planet about him mistreating women? And the sad part was that many of those women came onto him, and they liked it. Talia really didn't want to think about it. It was making her sick. 
It seemed like everyone enjoyed getting frisky with whoever was interested, and only Talia saw that as an invasion unless it was between two people who really cared about each other. Was she the odd one? Maybe she was, but that didn't change the fact that Damon made her feel uncomfortable to the point of her wanting to scrape her skin off together with the memory of his touch. 
Talia's vision blurred from the tears. "You made me feel wanted and needed and special and then you took it away! My whole life I was hiding from the bullies, and tonight, you became one of them.", Talia said in a shaky voice. 
"I didn't…" 
"I KNOW!", Talia snapped. "You didn't recognize me. You didn't know. But is that a valid excuse? Every woman has a story to tell, and none deserves to be treated like a disposable item, even if they are throwing themselves at you! Regardless of if you are mates or not, your choices are to be a gentleman and make the woman feel special or move on, and not… this!" 
"Aren't I making you feel special, kitten?", Damon asked in a low voice. To him, Talia was the most special existence in the world. How much did he fail if she didn't see that? 
Talia opened her mouth to argue back, but she realized that she had nothing to say. Did he make her feel special? He did. Many times. Actually, all the time, as long as he knew who she was. 
Seeing that Talia's anger was crumbling, Damon inched closer to her while talking. 
"The truth is that you don't need me to be special. You were always special. The way you handled the bullies and didn't allow their darkness to corrupt you, that was special. You are a fighter, always eager to improve without putting down others, and that's special. You are making me want to be a better person, and that's special." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 577 The pack run (14)
Chapter 577 The pack run (14)
Damon was so close to Talia now that he could reach her if he only extended his arm, but it was not close enough because she could easily escape his grasp, so he continued inching closer. 
"Between the two of us, you don't need me. It is I who needs you, kitten. I need you so I know what it means to be a decent person. I have the largest pack, more money than I could ever spend, and enough influence to rock our society, but none of those are worth a squat without you in my life. I know I asked for your forgiveness too many times already, and I am ashamed that I need to ask for it again. Please, forgive me." 
Talia jolted when their legs touched underwater. 
Damon slowly spread his arms around her. "Please. Let me hold you. I know you are angry and hurt and it was all my fault. Ask me for whatever you want and I will make it happen, just don't push me away. I need you, kitten. Don't leave me." The last few words splashed on her face. 
Talia's chin trembled as she blinked her tears away. She was hurt and upset, and her heart ached because she could feel Damon's emotions and his desperation to get her acceptance. 
"Easy, boy…", Talia squeezed through her teeth and Damon swallowed hard. It was Liseli. 
Damon cursed under his breath. Why did Liseli appear now? Talia was just a fraction away from him hugging her properly! 
Damon lowered his head, but he didn't move away. "Tell me what I need to do to fix this. I will do anything." 
'Liseli?', Talia called her wolf. 'Didn't you want me to forgive him?' 
'It wouldn't last.', Liseli said. 'I told you not to give in to your emotions. You need to decide with your head so it doesn't happen again.' 
'You think it will happen again?' 
Instead of answering Talia, Liseli spoke to Damon, "Do you think that being humble will be enough? What is to say that you won't go back to your snotty self the moment this child forgives you? What is to say that you won't go to your philandering as soon as the right opportunity presents itself? When will you be satisfied? When you crush her heart completely? Is that what you want?" 
"No. I…", Damon was not sure what to say. Liseli showing up right now had such bad timing. 
'Old guy! Get out and fix this!' 
'Why would I fix your mess?', Sapa asked in outrage. 
'Would you rather let me mess it up further?' 
Sapa groaned. 'Fine!' 
"Lis", Damon called in a gravelly voice. "Are you really going to make it difficult for these kids to get together?" 
Talia narrowed her eyes, knowing that this was Sapa talking, and Liseli responded, "It's just like you to want to kiss and forget. Are you expecting me to dismiss the fact that this boy acted like Rasputin while you were advising him? Maybe this incident can be attributed to dark magic, but what about before?" 
Damon shrank a little at these words as Sapa cursed in their mind. Sapa always retracted at the back of his mind whenever Damon was getting frisky. Did Liseli expect that he will stick around and watch!? But if Sapa said that, Liseli would just accuse him of making excuses, and she was still talking angrily. 
"Why is the female always the one who needs to forgive? What will the male do to earn that forgiveness?" 
"How about an eternity of love, care, and servitude?" 
Damon's heart thundered against his chest while Damon's and Sapa's emotions amplified each other, as the duo felt that Liseli's defenses were crumbling. 
"I vow that no other woman, ever, will enter my eyes. It's just you, Liseli. It always was only you, just how this boy only has eyes for Talia." 
Liseli sneered. "It seems you polished your sweet-talking." 
"I had centuries of practice.", he responded and when Talia's expression darkened, he quickly explained, "I practiced in my head while imagining what I will say when we reunite. I never said this to any other woman. I swear." Seeing that she relaxed, he continued calmly. "How about we let them make up? It's still not too late for them to lead the pack run, and then the two of us can complete mating." He touched her cheek gently. "I was waiting to complete mating with you for centuries, Lis. Now that both of us have bodies, and are finally together, I don't think I have any patience left. What do you say?" 
'What do you think?', Liseli asked Talia. 'Do you trust that Damon won't hurt you again?' 
'No.', Talia responded. 'After everything we've been through, I would be stupid to believe that he won't hurt me. But I know that he wouldn't do it on purpose. Under that handsome and powerful exterior is a clueless dum-dum.' 
'Good that you are aware of that.', Liseli said. 'The only thing I give him credit for is that he is learning and changing.' 
With that, Liseli retracted at the back of Talia's mind, letting the human part take over. 
Damon looked at Talia expectantly. "Kitten?" 
Talia gave him a small nod, and in the next moment, she found herself engulfed in Damon's embrace. 
The heat of his body contrasted with the icy water all around them and it made her wish to sink into him completely, knowing that it was warm and safe in there. Talia couldn't believe this. Even in the middle of an argument, when she was angry at him, and they were completely naked, he still made her feel safe and she craved his proximity, and she loved it and hated it at the same time. 
"I'm sorry…", Damon spoke into her hair. "I am so sorry for everything I've done. I wish that there is bleach to erase my past and all the bad things I've done. I wish that I never hurt you. I wish that I can take it all back, but I can't. I am ready to make it up to you until the end of our lives, just… don't leave me." 
Talia exhaled helplessly as her arms moved around his torso. 
Damon inched away so that he can look into her eyes. 
"I know that one good can't erase a bad, but I will keep doing good things until bad ones are completely covered up and you forget about them.", Damon said in one quick breath. "I will pamper you and spoil you and I will selfishly cling onto you because you are the only one for me. Do you believe me?" 
Talia smiled a little. She could feel his emotions and she knew he meant it. 
Damon's brows came together in a frown as he rubbed her cheeks. "What's wrong, kitten?" 
Talia inhaled a shaky breath. Was she crying? It seemed like it. 
Her Damon was back, and she was happy. She really was. 
'I love you, Damon.', Talia spoke through their mind-link and Damon froze. 
"Oh, kitten…", he said with relief obvious in his voice. "I love you more. I love you the most!" He craned his head and shouted to the night sky, "I LOVE YOU, TALIA!" 
Talia's eyes widened in shock. Why was he yelling? 
Damon looked at Talia with a boyish grin on his face, and he was about to kiss her when rustling noises got their attention and they whipped their heads to look into the dark foliage. 
Someone was coming. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 578 The pack run (15)
Chapter 578 The pack run (15)
Author's note: 
Thank you, JoWalton, for the Magic Castle! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Damon put himself between Talia and the source of the noise protectively while cursing himself for his negligence. He was so consumed in his interaction with Talia that he forgot to check their surroundings for intruders. And what about Talia's guards? Even if they couldn't fight off whoever was coming, they could at least warn them, damn it! Useless bunch! 
The noises were getting louder by the second and Talia subconsciously gripped Damon's arm while wondering what will come from there. 
It was one furry head after another and within a few seconds, the riverbank was filled with hundreds of wolves, and the crowd was still increasing as they were huddling together to accommodate everyone on one side of the river. 
'That's our pack.', Damon told Talia through their mind-link. 'The two in front are Maya and Caden. On their left are Gideon and Mindy.' Damon recognized many others, but he stopped explaining because he realized that Talia was not listening. 
Talia was overwhelmed with anxiety. Did they find out what happened in that clearing? Were they upset because she ran away from Damon? Or did they see the ritual and assume that she bewitched him? Many questions swirled in Talia's head, one possibility worse than the previous one. 
This was Talia's first time to face so many wolves. They were all staring at her, and the fact that she was naked in the water hiding behind Damon was not helping. She felt vulnerable and exposed and she leaned closer into Damon's back in an attempt to hide. 
'Kitten?', Damon called through their mind-link. 
'Why are they here?', Talia asked Damon. 
Damon's eyes lost focus for a moment before telling Talia. 'James advised them to come here like it was part of the run to find their Alphas.' 
Talia needed a moment to understand that James wanted the pack run to be successful despite Talia's and Damon's absence, and also... 'James knew that we won't fight in front of an audience.' It was social pressure! 
Damon turned to face Talia and he touched her cheek to make her look at him. "What do you say, Alpha Talia? Should we lead the pack run? Or should we tell them to go on without us?" 
Talia swallowed hard as Damon's words sank in. Were all these wolves here because of the run? They didn't come here to lynch her? 
Something sounded off with him calling her 'Alpha Talia' in this setting. The Dark Howlers pack was Damon's pack. Damon grew up here and he built his reputation for a decade and his people loved him. No matter what she did, she would always be Talia, his mate, never his equal. But the truth was that Talia didn't want to compete for that spot in the eyes of his people. 
'One condition.', she responded through their mind-link. 'Can you stop calling me Alpha? I want to be your Luna.' 
Damon's brows came together. 'Are you sure?' 
'It's just a title.', Talia said with a smile. 'Your people worship you and if you force them to address me as an Alpha, it might backfire. Let them get to know me as your mate, as your Luna, and we will take it from there. If I prove myself as worthy, you can tell them to call me Alpha.' 
Damon stared at Talia as his love for her swelled even more. He knew how amazing she was, and it was normal in their society for people to crave titles even when they were not due, yet Talia was shrinking her importance on purpose. 
Luna was the second position in the pack, but the reality was that it could mean various things. For many Alphas, Luna was their companion, the pretty thing that hung on Alpha's arm during parties, but Luna didn't necessarily wield power. 
Denying herself the Alpha title meant that Talia would diminish in the eyes of the Dark Howlers pack, but Damon knew Talia meant it. She didn't care about positions or titles, she really wanted to be with him, and she would do the same even if he was not the Alpha. And no matter what her official title is, Talia will always be his kitten. 
Damon cupped her cheeks and kissed her on the lips. "You have a deal, Mrs. Blake." 
Damon straightened his posture, making the water reach just above his waist level, and he turned to the crowd of wolves that gathered at the riverbank. 
"Good job in finding us.", Damon spoke in an official tone. "I am excited to lead this pack run with my fated mate. It will be the first pack run out of many. I hope you will welcome Talia to our pack as your Luna." He reached for the necklace made out of teeth that was around his neck and he put it over Talia's head. "I want you to keep in mind that regardless of her title, Talia is my equal, and for me, she is my moon, my sun, my everything. Take care of her how you would take care of me." 
Talia smiled foolishly and she wanted to get up and give him a kiss, but Damon's eyes flashed in warning when he realized that her breasts were nearly exposed, so he quickly sank to get down on Talia's level. No one will get to see her body. That was only for him to see. 
Talia couldn't believe that she was completely naked in the water, hugging equally naked Alpha in front of a lively audience of wolves, but there she was, kissing her mate who embraced her ardently like no one was watching. 
"Awooo!", Maya and Caden howled at the same time, and a second later, the entire forest shook as the whole pack howled in celebration of their Alpha and Luna. 
Damon grinned into the kiss. 
"Ready, Mrs. Blake?" 
Talia nearly choked on emotions that poured into her through their mate bond. She couldn't believe that Damon was this happy, and it was because she was by his side, in front of his pack, as his Luna. She was delighted to know that her presence impacted him this much. 
Talia clung to Damon, and they sank under the surface of the water. 
Intense silence blanketed the whole area and all wolves stared at the river while wondering where their Alpha and Luna disappeared. 
With a loud splash, two wolves emerged from the water and landed on the side of the river that was not crowded with wolves. 
'Liseli?', Talia called, surprised that the old creature was not present. 
'This is between you and Damon.', Liseli responded. 'Enjoy your time with your mate. I will take my time with Sapa later.' 
Talia felt Liseli retracting at the back of her mind, and she was really moved. Even after centuries of waiting, Liseli was letting Talia and Damon do the pack run first. Talia was not sure if she would have that much patience. 
Now that she was on her own, Talia paid attention to her surroundings. Her senses were sharper than ever before, and she found it overwhelming. 
Talia looked down to see a pair of light gray paws and another wave of anxiety hit her. Will she know how to move in wolf form without Liseli? What if she trips on her own paws and makes a fool of herself?
###Chapter 579 The pack run (16)
Chapter 579 The pack run (16)
Damon was the first one to shake off heavy droplets of water from his completely black fur, and Talia followed suit, making the necklace around her neck jingle. It was the necklace Damon gave her, and she already treasured it. 
Damon stared at the light gray wolf that shimmered in silvery light under the moonlight. She was slightly smaller than Damon but equally impressive. 
'You are beautiful.', Damon spoke, more to himself. 
'You are not so bad yourself.', Talia responded through their mind-link. 
Damon paused. The mind-link was working in the wolf form? 'I tried to talk to you before, and it didn't work.' 
'I didn't want to talk to you.', Talia responded, feeling guilty about it now. 
Damon sneered, showing her his long fangs. 'How many secrets are you keeping from me?' 
Talia tilted her head. 'I guess you will need to stick around and find out.' 
All Damon's dejection sizzled away in a second. Damon approached Talia and licked her cheek. 'I accept that task gladly, Mrs. Blake.' 
Talia felt an ocean of emotions bubbling inside her, and she was not sure where the outlet was. 'What do I do with this?' She opened up for Damon to sense what was going on with her. 
Damon chuckled. 'Follow my lead, kitten.' 
He raised his head to look at the full moon, and then… "AWOOOO!" 
Talia felt silly to just howl at the moon, but Damon was doing it, and something stirred inside her, so she did the same. 
"AWOOOO!" 
The whole experience was amplified when the pack members joined, and Talia could feel that this was much more than just howling; it was sharing the excitement with the pack, it was primal and raw, and she was glad to be a part of it. 
Something nudged Talia from her right, and she turned to see Damon rubbing his head on her side. 
'What are you doing?', Talia asked. 
'I'm leaving my scent on you.', he responded matter-of-factly. 'I want everyone to know you are mine.' 
'I'm pretty sure everyone knows.' 
'Not like this. Let me do this, kitten. It's my first time, so I'm not sure if I'm doing it right…' 
Talia's heart expanded. The big bad wolf was admitting his insecurities. And he wanted everyone to know that she was his. Wasn't he adorable? 
Talia turned her head and licked Damon's nose, making him freeze on the spot. 
'Did I do something wrong?', Talia asked nervously. Why did he just stare at her like that? 
'No, kitten. Everything you do is right.', Damon responded. 'But… don't you dare do that to anyone else. Got it?' 
Talia nodded obediently. She had no intention of licking other wolves. She didn't want to lick Damon either. She wanted to give him a kiss, but her lips were strange, and her tongue came out on its own and it happened. 
Ah, this whole wolf thing was completely new to Talia, and she was not sure if she can handle it, but she had a feeling that as long as Damon was by her side, things will be alright. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
From the crowd, a brown wolf with black patches was watching, and if wolves could pout, that would be it. It was Lisa. 
She sensed that something was off when Damon was attending the ceremony on his own, and then he left without explanation, and Lisa was confident that her hunch was right. 
People around Lisa spoke about Talia being Damon's fated mate and their Luna, yet Lisa was confident that was wrong because Talia was a wolf-less she-wolf. How can she be Luna? Luna should be beautiful and powerful, able to contribute to her Alpha, and Damon would never accept as his Luna someone without background who had such a big defect. That would be suicide for the whole pack, and Lisa knew very well that Damon prioritized his pack above everything else. 
Lisa was aware that Damon was cold and calculative. If he allowed his emotions to guide him, with all the voluptuous she-wolves throwing themselves at Damon, one more impressive than the other, Damon would have had a Luna a long time ago, and not wait for his late twenties to name as his Luna a weak she-wolf. 
Lisa remembered her mother's warnings about not stirring trouble, so she held her thoughts to herself while eagerly waiting for the evening to unfold. No matter what Talia was scheming, once the run starts, she will be exposed, and Lisa will be there to see it. 
The Shaman ended the ceremony with all pack members feeling high due to the boost of energy from the Moon Goddess, and then Caden announced how the pack had a task to find their Alphas. 
Lisa couldn't believe this. Alphas? Like, two of them? What kind of nonsense was that? 
But everyone was cheering and getting excited, and she followed the crowd by shifting into her wolf form and following after Caden. They didn't run much when they met Maya and Zina, and a few more figures were further away, but they were not Damon or Talia, so Lisa didn't care much about them. 
Lisa was delighted to see Damon and Talia in the river, both in their human form, which proved that Talia can't shift. Talia was definitely a wolf-less she-wolf, and Lisa was confident that the whole pack will ostracize her. Surely, no one will accept a Luna with a critical flaw, and Damon won't make her his Luna under all that pressure. Assuming that Talia was Damon's fated mate, at most, Talia would be Damon's mistress while a more prominent she-wolf takes the spot of his Luna. 
Lisa remembered how she was discarded by Tony, and how all her so-called friends turned their back on her the moment they heard that Tony found his fated mate. No one cared about Kalina's background, it was all just because she was Tony's fated mate. Lisa came home only to see a no-name Omega sticking to Damon and pretending that she was important. And how can Talia be Damon's fated mate if she didn't have her wolf? 
Lisa's belly full of grievances was directed at Talia as she recollected numerous scoldings she got because of Talia, and Lisa even ended up in the dungeon! Someone applied tremendous pressure on Lisa when she confronted Talia, and even some of Lisa's bones cracked, but Lisa didn't think it was Talia. It must be Maya or Damon or some other powerful wolf, and not a wolf-less she-wolf like Talia. 
Lisa couldn't wait for Talia to be exposed as the weak fraud she is. Everyone will get to see that she was no one, and then Lisa will proudly say, 'I told you so!', and people will know that she was not just bitter because she lost her chance to be the Luna of the Lightclaw pack, but they will know that Lisa was right. 
To Lisa's horror, Damon gave a speech where he said that he and Talia were equals and how Talia was important, and he gave her his necklace, and then they both emerged from the river as two wolves, and Lisa couldn't believe this! Was that a substitute? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 580 The pack run (17)
Chapter 580 The pack run (17)
Before the pack run, Lisa heard Stephanie say how Elders might spoil the mood because Damon didn't accept the Luna of their choice. Elders didn't approve of Talia as their Luna, yet now everyone was excited and no one whispered a word of displeasure. Even the mighty Generals were squirming feverishly and Lisa couldn't believe that the whole pack turned ga-ga just because Damon announced he found his Luna. 
Lisa gritted her teeth. Was this how Kalina was accepted in the Lightclaw pack? 
'Waaaah! Isn't she beautiful!', Ester gushed next to Lisa. 'Our Luna's fur is glowing under the moonlight like she is the blessing from the Moon Goddess herself!' 
Lisa needed a moment to collect herself. 'Why are you so excited?' 
'How can you not be excited? Didn't you see Alpha doting on her? She is so lucky!', Ester spoke breathily, and her tail was waggling wildly just like many others. 'It proves they are fated mates!' 
'Do you expect me to be happy because Alpha is doting on a random she-wolf?' 
Ester paused. 'Random? Don't tell me you have a thing for our Alpha?' 
Lisa rolled her eyes. 'Of course, not. Alpha Damon is like my brother.' 
Actually, he was like Lisa's brother while she called him Damon, but then Talia appeared and Lisa was kicked out of the packhouse, and Damon ordered Lisa to use his title when addressing him, and she even ended up with the duty to clean the dungeon! 
How can Lisa not hate Talia? 
Her life turned bad when Tony found his mate, and it all became worse when Talia appeared! 
Lisa thought that she will see Talia fail and that will make Lisa feel better, but now Talia stood there like a shiny wolf and Damon was rubbing himself on her while everyone gushed how amazing their Luna was, and warriors were chattering that this was the first time for any wolf to get close to their Alpha in wolf form, and Lisa was on the verge of exploding! 
'It is time!', Damon's voice sounded through the mind-link for the whole pack to hear. 'Prove your loyalty to your Alpha and Luna by following us and marking the territory of the Dark Howlers pack with our presence!' 
"AWOOOOO!", the whole forest shook with the howls of agreement, and then two wolves moved away from the river to disappear into the nearby bushes. 
Caden and Maya were quick to climb the rock where Talia was sitting previously and they used it to jump over the river cleanly and land on the other side. A few high-ranking warriors followed them, and then the mass of wolves raced to cross the river and go after Damon and Talia and their Betas. 
'Lisa?', Stephanie's concerned voice sounded in Lisa's head, and she looked around, but she couldn't see her mother. 
'Yes?' 
'Where are you?', Stephanie asked. 
'I'm here.', Lisa responded dryly as she guessed that probably Ester ratted on her that she was lagging behind. Lisa was still among wolves, but Ester and other enthusiastic wolves were far ahead now as Lisa didn't care about the crowd that was milling much faster than she was. 
Lisa was not in the mood for this socializing, but she knew that her mother will give her a hard time if she just bailed on the pack run, so she decided to make a quiet exit. 
'Don't worry about me, mom. I'm not used to being so close to other wolves and staying in my wolf form this long is making me uncomfortable. I'm thinking of heading back. I will see you at home!' 
Stephanie knew that Lisa rarely shifted in her wolf form, so she didn't want to pressure her to stick around. The fact that Lisa stayed this much was progress. 
'Are you sure?', Stephanie asked with concern in her voice. 
'Yes. I am fine, I promise. Enjoy, mom. I know you were looking forward to this. Who knows, maybe you find your second chance mate?' 
With that, Lisa took a right turn and got out of the crowd. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Lisa felt relief when the noise from the wolves disappeared into the night, because she didn't need to pretend to be excited about this. But the truth was that she also didn't feel like going home. 
Lisa found a hollowed tree trunk with clothes. They were all over the place as the Dark Howlers pack had these stashes of clothes for werewolves to put on so that humans don't see them wandering around naked like exhibitionists. 
Lisa shifted in her human form and pulled one oversized dark gray t-shirt over her head before finding a spot on the grass to sit. 
The forest around Lisa was quiet as the full moon was hanging low on the starry sky without a single cloud, but Lisa was not in the mood to appreciate the scenery. She stared in front of her blankly while wondering if this is how her life will be from now on. People looked at her like she was an Omega and expected her to do menial work, and that was such a difference from what she had before Tony found Kalina, that Lisa couldn't shake off the feeling how things shouldn't be this way. Why was she the inadequate one? Why was a skinny no-name wolf-less she-wolf like Talia getting all attention while Lisa was invisible? 
A rustling sound from Lisa's left got her attention. She groaned. Now what? Did her mom come to check on her? Or was it Ester? Or a patrol? Or… why didn't they mind-link her? 
Lisa raised her head to look in that direction and she saw three shadows emerging from there, humanoid figures, definitely not Ester or Stephanie. 
'I'm resting here.', she spoke to them through the mind-link, but there was no response. 
"It's just a she-wolf.", one of the guys said. "Was there a need for us to reveal our presence?" 
Lisa's eyes scanned three figures, and then her gaze stuck to the one in the middle. He was tall and muscular and even through the darkness she could see that his intense gaze was trained on her behind dark brown strands of hair that partially covered his eyes. 
He moved toward Lisa stealthily, and her throat went dry. The strangest thing was that her wolf was stirring, as if she was trying to say something and this didn't happen even with Tony around. 
"We need to leave before we are found out.", one of the guys from the back said. "Do you hear…?" His question was cut short when the middle guy raised his hand to shut him up as he continued walking toward Lisa and he crouched when he was only one step away from her. 
From this distance, Lisa could see his face. He had a strong jaw covered in stubble, and a straight nose; she would place his appearance in his late twenties. 
His musky scent made her dizzy, and she heard a voice in her head, 'Mate!' 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 581 The pack run (18)
Chapter 581 The pack run (18)
Lisa's heart was thundering against her chest. Did she hear a voice in her head telling her how the guy in front of her was her mate? She stared at the completely naked male whose intense gaze made her skin break into goosebumps. 
Her impulse was to call for help and alert the patrol because these guys were definitely not from the Dark Howlers pack, but then Lisa remembered that they connected borders with the neighboring Spring Leaf pack, and she assumed that these guys were from there. Besides, it's not like anyone would care even if these guys were trespassing because everyone was drunk with happiness about the pack run. 
When coming here, Lisa just followed the crowd, and she was not aware of how close to the border she was and that this was far from the Spring Leaf pack. 
"Why are you here alone?", he asked. 
Lisa swallowed a mouthful of air before responding, "I didn't feel like socializing." 
"Isn't your Alpha leading the pack run with his Luna?" 
Lisa's insides stiffened at the thought of Talia. "How is that related to me?" 
His expression darkened. "Are you jealous that your Alpha is taken?" 
Lisa shook her head like a rattle drum. "Jealous? No. Damon is like a brother to me." 
"A brother? How much I know, Alpha Damon is a single child, and he has no females who are close to him." 
Lisa realized that he thought she was lying. 
"It's not like that. I grew up in the packhouse because my father was Beta to Damon's father, but after my father passed, I moved to live with my aunt in the Lightclaw pack." 
He regarded her for a moment before saying, "And now you are back." 
"I came back a few weeks ago.", she confirmed. 
"You wouldn't be lying to me, right?" 
"What would I get by making up something like that?" 
He chuckled lowly and reached to touch her cheek. 
Lisa jolted at the sensation of sparks prickling her skin, but she didn't move away. 
"Do you know what this means?", he asked. 
"Mates.", she responded in a whisper. 
His lips lifted into a devilish smile. "I am Tristan. What's your name, love?" 
"Lisa", she responded breathily. She really wanted to touch him, but her instincts told her to stay put because everything about him screamed danger and she didn't dare to move. 
"Woah!", one of the guys from the back exclaimed once he processed the scene in front of them. "Fuck me sideways and call me daddy! Our leader found his mate!" 
The other one stifled a laugh. "Janine will be pissed." 
Lisa's stomach burned with jealousy and her eyes darted from the guys in the back to Tristan who was now so close that she could feel his heat splashing on her skin. 
"Who is Janine?", Lisa asked. 
"Not important.", he said, and Lisa's brain short-circuited when his lips landed on hers in a possessive kiss that made her toes curl. 
She never felt anything like it. Tony's kisses were gentle and soothing, while Tristan's kiss made her feel like she was drowning, and she gripped his shoulders to steady herself. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"You shouldn't do that here.", one of the guys said, making Tristan pull away from Lisa. "We are risking being caught." 
"This will take just a minute", Tristan responded. 
"What if she notified the patrol?", the other guy asked. 
Lisa's eyes widened. "I didn't." 
Tristan cupped her cheek with his palm. "I believe you." 
His nostrils flared when the scent of Lisa's arousal hit him. "Are you eager to feel me?", he asked with amusement in his voice. 
Lisa pressed her legs together. She couldn't believe that just a kiss affected her so much. Lisa was not into hookups and the only man she ever slept with was Tony, but this guy was nothing like Tony. Tristan was wild and unrestrained, and his touch was electric, and she really wanted to get closer to Tristan, much closer than they were. 
He didn't break eye contact as his palm landed on her thigh and moved higher, and her legs parted on their own to give him easy access. She was wearing only an oversized t-shirt, so there were no obstacles for him to reach his destination. A shaky breath escaped Lisa's lips when he touched her down there. 
He smirked smugly. "You are dripping for me." 
Lisa closed her eyes as his thumb found her clit and his index finger sank into her tender flesh. It was all charged up with addictive sparks and she was confident that she will come within a minute. 
He stroked her once, twice, and by the time she realized that his breath was on her neck, it was too late to react. 
His big hand covered her mouth to muffle a scream as his fangs pierced into her flesh. Tears ran down her cheeks as the scorching sensation spread from her neck through the rest of her body. It was his venom. 
He marked her just like that, and the only thing she knew was his name, Tristan. 
Lisa whimpered as he licked her neck, to seal the mark that will form there. 
"You are coming with me.", he said as he stood up. 
She was still processing what happened, and he wanted her to go? "Where to?" 
He leaned toward her and pinched her chin with his index finger and his thumb. "The circumstances are not the best, but the moment we are out of here, I will fuck you thoroughly, so you know that you belong to me and that you shouldn't ask too much." 
Lisa's eyes involuntarily moved to his cock which was erect and waving at her. Lisa's core throbbed in need of his touch. She was almost there, but then he marked her and didn't let her come! 
She should be outraged at the way he treated her, but why couldn't she hate him? 
Was this what it meant to find a mate? 
The guy was domineering, and her marking was not romantic or majestic as she imagined it to be, but she didn't think her mate will be a handsome stranger that came out of the dark either. He was a total bad boy, and Lisa loved it. 
Lisa wondered, should she go with him? Why would she refuse? If she stays in the Dark Howlers pack, she will live as an Omega under her mother's watch while everyone admires Luna Talia. That didn't sound glorious. 
On the other hand, Lisa had a handsome mate whose name was Tristan and other guys addressed him as their leader. Was he the leader of the guards? It didn't matter. She didn't want to delude herself with dreams of how she will be a Luna, but it was obvious that Tristan had some authority, and that should be enough. 
Besides, wasn't it a custom for a she-wolf to follow her mate once they find each other? 
Lisa wondered how long will it take for people to notice her missing. Will they make a fuss about her disappearance? Her mom will probably notice the moment she reaches home, definitely not later than morning. Should she mind-link her mom and tell her that she found her mate? 
--- 
See Tristan's pic in the comments. 
Lisa is on chapter 198. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 582 The pack run (19)
Chapter 582 The pack run (19)
Talia was having the time of her life. 
Her four-legged steps were wobbly at the beginning, but Damon told her to give in to the call of nature and not overthink it, and within a minute, she was running through the bushes in a game of tag with a massive black wolf. Her mate. 
Damon would playfully nudge her or nip at her tail, and she would squeal every time he caught up with her. 
Talia thought that she had an advantage in speed, but no matter how fast she ran, Damon would always be one step behind her. 
The sense of freedom was overwhelming, and Talia wished that this could last forever. 
Talia knew that there were many other wolves behind them as she could hear steps and rustling of foliage that mixed with howls and yelps occasionally, but her focus was completely on Damon. 
Eventually, the two of them stopped at one clearing. The moon was gone completely and only the starry sky illuminated the world, yet both Damon and Talia had no problems seeing the slightest details like grass and pebbles on the ground. 
Damon turned to Talia and rubbed his head against hers. 
Both of them could feel that their mate bond reached another level and they wondered if there was such a thing as too much good stuff because they were intoxicated by the happiness and love that coursed through them. 
'That's it, kitten…', Damon murmured into their mind-link. 'This is how things should have been from the beginning. Just the two of us and no one else.' Everything would be so much simpler if he was not an Alpha and if she was just a regular she-wolf. 
Talia giggled while rubbing her head against Damon's. How can he say that there was no one else? 'You are forgetting that the whole pack is following us.' 
'They are not following us anymore.', he responded. 'The moment we finished the circle, they dispersed to find their own fun with mates or with other company for tonight.' 
Talia blinked. 'Are you saying we are alone?' 
'I even told your guards to take a break.', Damon responded, and she could hear that he was smiling. 
Talia took a moment to sense their surroundings and confirm that he was right. Other than small night critters, it was just the two of them. She was surprised how her senses were much sharper in wolf form. 
Talia sat on the ground and Damon was quick to sit next to her. 
'Our first pack run was a success.', Damon said. 'I can tell you that our people love you.' 
Talia was not sure about people loving her, but she was content with Damon loving her and she didn't want to nitpick. She had a question, 'What about Elders?' 
'They all attended the ceremony, and a few of them participated in the pack run. None of them said a word against you.' 
Talia was glad to hear this. 
They both knew that Talia coming out as Damon's fated mate will bring another set of worries and that the Council of Alphas exposed significant changes in the society of werewolves, and there was a detail of her being Damon's Luna and her being the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, but they didn't want to talk about it, not tonight. 
She remembered… 'Now that the pack run is over, we should let Liseli and Sapa come to the front.' 
Damon groaned in disapproval, but he knew that Talia's words made sense. 'That's a big sacrifice. I will need you to make it up to me, kitten.' 
'We have our whole lives for that, Mr. Blake.', she responded coyly. 'I will be making it up to you over and over again.' 
Damon's eyes widened. 'Do you think this will make me want to let the old guy come in front?' 
Talia burst into laughter, and Damon joined her. They were truly happy and if anyone saw two wolves wiggling while releasing whimpers and snorts, they might think that the animals ate some funny mushrooms. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
'Lis', Sapa called while looking at the light gray wolf in front of him. 
'Hi, Sapa', Liseli responded. 'It's good to see you.' 
Sapa's tail was waggling wildly. He was excited. 
After a round of sniffing and licking, Sapa suggested, 'Should we go for a run?' 
'Don't you think we are old for games?' 
'You are old how much you feel, and when I look at you, I'm charged up like a young pup.', Sapa responded enthusiastically. 'Come on. You always loved a good chase.' 
'You remember.' 
'Of course.', Sapa responded right away. 'I remember every single detail, as long as it's related to you.' 
Liseli tilted her head. 'Then you should also remember that I'm faster.' 
'True. But I also remember that you wouldn't let me struggle for a long time and you would slow down so I can catch you.' He inched closer and touched her nose with his. 'You were just playing hard to get. Like now. Come on, Lis, we both know you want it.' 
Liseli sneered. 'You are overconfident.' 
'With a good reason.', Sapa responded confidently. 
Without any warning, Liseli dashed into nearby bushes with Sapa hot on her trail and a wild chase began. 
After an unknown measure of time, Sapa and Liseli stopped at a clearing where their evening started. It was the clearing where Damon's parents were buried and where Cornelia conducted the ritual to remove black runes from Damon. 
The dawn was cracking to light the sky in oranges and purples that were getting brighter by the second. 
Two wolves stood in front of a diagram that was still visible on the ground. 
'I have remnants of dark magic inside me.', Liseli said. 
Sapa was alerted. 'Is it serious?' 
Liseli shook her head. 'I'm not sure. So far, it showed when this child was overwhelmed with negativity.' 
'We should talk to witches and see if they can help.' 
'We should', Liseli confirmed. 'And we should also clarify what the witch will want from you as payment for conducting the ritual.' 
Sapa lowered his head at this. He was not present to prevent Damon from accepting the deal with Cornelia, but he was not sure if he would prevent Damon even if he was there. 
'Sapa, why are we here?', Liseli asked. 
Sapa turned toward the gravestone that was under a big tree. He walked there and Liseli followed. 
'Jacob…', Sapa spoke to the gravestone. 'I know that you never forgave me for not mating with Violet's wolf, but I couldn't because she was not my mate. This is Liseli. She is my mate, and now you can see that I was not being mean.' 
Liseli realized that Sapa was apologizing to Damon's father. 'Do you think he can hear you?' 
'Probably not, but it's making me feel better.', Sapa responded. He wished that he could visit the graves of all people where his spirit lived since he was punished with an immortal soul and an eternity without Liseli. Sapa knew that if they could see Liseli, they would forgive him for not mating with wolves who were not his soulmate. 
Liseli looked at Sapa and her heart cracked. For centuries he lived with people who were unrelated to him; he formed bonds and memories, and there were regrets as well. 
'I can't imagine what you've been through, Sapa.' 
'Whatever it was, it was worth it because we are together now.' 
'Show me.', she demanded. 'I want to see everything.' 
Without hesitation, Sapa turned to face Liseli and he leaned his forehead against hers. 
Countless images flowed between them, accompanied by sounds, scents, and emotions as Liseli and Sapa opened their minds to each other to share everything they missed while being apart for centuries. 
The air around two wolves hummed while white light enveloped them, getting thicker with every heartbeat as their souls were getting entangled in unimaginable ways. 
Everything stilled in deafening silence as if the whole world anticipated what will happen next. 
The pulsating light reached critical mass and it exploded silently without disturbing a single strand of grass at the exact moment when the sun peeked behind the mountains in the East. 
The new day brought unknown new beginnings as the two strongest Alphas were finally fully mated, the depth of their bond making them feel as if they were one. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 583 Growing old together (1)
Chapter 583 Growing old together (1)
The sun was rising when Talia's eyes fluttered open to see that she was sleeping next to Damon with her head on his shoulder. They were in bed, in the master bedroom of the packhouse. 
She was home. 
The previous night was eventful and heart-stirring, and she couldn't believe that they did it. Damon was free from the dark magic and there was no more danger he will forget about her, and she stood in front of the Dark Howlers pack as Damon's Luna. It happened. 
Talia feared that the Dark Howlers pack will complain how she was not Marcy or some other high-profile she-wolf that could bring benefits to the pack, but the last night's pack run passed without incidents of such sort. The overall mood was good, and people were excited, but what touched her the most was the pride she could feel from Damon. It was as if he achieved something monumental and it amplified her joy to know that she only needed to exist next to Damon for him to be happy. 
Talia took a deep breath to fill her lungs with her favorite scent of the forest and the dark chocolate and her world was at peace. Damon's heat warmed her skin, his solid arms were around her, their legs were entangled, they were naked, and everything about their current position was right. 
The moment she moved a muscle, Damon's hold on her tightened. She loved that his instinct was to pull her closer to him. 
"Good morning, kitten…", he greeted her in a gravelly voice from sleeping, and his lips pressed on her forehead in a soft kiss. 
She looked up at him and smiled. Why did it feel like her heart was singing? And it was a happy song. 
"Good morning, handsome", she responded and shifted a bit because the necklace made out of teeth that was around her neck was poking her. "How did we get here?" She really didn't remember. 
Sapa was sleeping contently at the back of Damon's mind and Damon guessed that it was the same with Talia's wolf. 
"What's the last you remember?", he asked. 
"Sapa and Liseli went for a run. After that, I've got some bits and pieces, but nothing that makes sense", she responded, and her expectant look told him how that was it. 
Damon filled her in with, "Our wolves completed their mating last night. They shared thoughts and emotions and when things became frisky I stopped watching." 
Talia was not sure how to respond to this. Should she ask for clarification about the friskiness? Probably not. Yes, it was Liseli, but technically it was her body also. Sniffing, rubbing, and licking was one thing, but did they do more than that? Did Sapa jump on Liseli to...? Talia tried not to think about that possibility, but it was hard. 
Damon chuckled at the myriad of emotions that he could pick up from Talia. "What are you thinking, kitten?" 
"Nothing." 
"That doesn't feel like nothing." 
Talia knew he won't give up easily, so she responded, "I am getting used to the idea of having a wolf and sharing a body and… stuff." 
"I see. If it makes you feel any better, it's new for me as well. I used my wolf form to fight or move quickly, and last night was different. But regardless of what Sapa does with Liseli, considering that she is part of you, I can't say that he is making me get close to another female…" Damon's voice trailed as another thought popped into his mind. "Sapa was not able to complete mating with other she-wolves because they were not Liseli." 
Talia was alerted. "Other she-wolves?" Did Damon want to mate with other women? That was new and unsettling. 
"Did you forget that Sapa was my father's wolf, and my grandfather's before that?", Damon reminded Talia before explaining, "Full mating strengthens the bond and gives us a power boost. This means I am stronger than yesterday, probably stronger than my father was. We should go to the gym and do tests. Both of us." 
Talia had no desire to go to the gym or to leave the bed. She wanted to stay there with Damon as long as possible, in their slice of intimacy and peace. Why was he eager to run around to other places? "Not all tests can be done in the gym. If you are interested in power boosts, you should think about the possibility that you got an ability after our marking. Dark magic blocked it, but now that it's gone, you should be able to tap into your ability." 
Damon's eyes lit up. Could he turn invisible? Or fly? Or something else super-handy? "How do I do that?" 
"I don't know.", Talia admitted. "Axel told me that sometimes it takes months to figure out what your power is and how to use it." She remembered Axel telling her about useless abilities like detaching one's limbs at will, and that some people never tap into their abilities, but she didn't want to dampen Damon's enthusiasm. "You could talk to Cornelia about feeling the energies but be wary if she asks for another payment." It would be one thing if Cornelia wanted money, but Talia had a feeling that human money won't interest witches. 
Damon pouted for a second but then he shook it off. It didn't matter. They had so many things to deal with, that him figuring out if he had some mysterious ability was low on the list of priorities. 
What really mattered was that Talia was back in his arms and her proximity made his soul hum in pleasure. 
Damon's heart skipped a beat at the sight of Talia's honeyed eyes that smiled at him. He could see the happiness radiating from her and it seeped into him and bounced inside his chest, and Damon was confident that he could fly just from this feeling alone, without the need of any mysterious ability. 
"Are you happy?", he asked. He really wanted to hear her say it. 
"Very much.", Talia responded. "Do you think that all mates are happy together?" 
"I am not an expert in that topic, but I heard that the Moon Goddess matches us with our mates for a reason." 
"Why do you think she matched us?" 
Damon paused while thinking how to answer. Since they met, Talia bloomed from a scared girl in the attic into a confident young woman who can kick the ass of any Alpha who dares to challenge her. But Damon thought that his changes were more drastic. 
"I am addicted to you, kitten. Your mind, your soul, the touch of your skin, I need them all, or I will suffocate. You run through my system like ice and fire, and I realized that I didn't know how to live before we met. But most of all, I believe that the Moon Goddess matched us because it was our time to be happy." 
Talia smiled foolishly. She really didn't expect this confession. 
"I wish that every person can find her or his mate.", Talia said, and she really meant it. "Do you think we can organize some kind of a mixer for unmated pack members and invite people from other packs?" 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 584 Growing old together (2)
Chapter 584 Growing old together (2)
Damon looked at Talia's earnest expression as she asked to organize a cross-pack party, and Damon couldn't refuse her. "We can have an event for unmated individuals of several packs. I believe that Max, Cristian, and Tony will be willing to join." 
"Axel also!", Talia added. "And we could invite witches as well." 
Damon was not sure about that. "We should talk to our people about powers and witches before they come here. Witches might pass as humans, but members of the Midnight Guardians pack are a different thing." He saw that Talia's face fell, so he quickly added, "I'm not saying it won't happen. However, people get to marking quickly and we don't want them to be surprised when they start glowing or things float around them without an explanation. If we act rashly, it could backfire by people ostracizing them or capturing them for… you know." 
Talia nodded in understanding. She knew what Damon wanted to say. It was for breeding purposes. Will they ever be able to contain the greed for power that runs among werewolves? "We have so much work ahead of us." To investigate the whole breeding thing, and to educate their people about creatures that are different. Talia wondered if that can be done at the same time. What if they capture and punish individuals who were behind those sick schemes? If they make it public, then society can find out about creatures with powers and how using them was wrong. Talia hoped that it was just a few power-hungry individuals and that it was not widespread. 
Seeing Talia's concerned expression, Damon coaxed her, "Don't worry, kitten. We will figure out the best way to tackle this challenge so that it works out for everyone." 
Talia leaned on his chest. "I believe that we can do anything, as long as we are together." 
Damon chuckled. The amount of trust she put in him was immense and he really didn't want to disappoint her. As long as they get enough people on their side, and they don't act rashly, things will work out. He already knew that James will be on their side because Cornelia was a witch, and James proved that he can come up with an elegant solution on the spot. 
"We should pick a date for your Luna ceremony.", Damon said. "Now that our people know about you, we shouldn't delay it." 
Talia had no idea what all was needed, and she didn't feel like rushing it. "Max said that he and Tanya will have an event in about ten days. How about after that?" That will be the first Luna ceremony for Talia to attend, and she could get some ideas. 
"Let's not delay too much. People will want answers, and we should tell them the date in advance." If it was up to him, it would happen on the same day. 
"We can talk to Gideon and see if there is any day that works better than the others.", Talia suggested, and she thought how the next full moon sounds good. That will give them four weeks to prepare, and hopefully deal with other pressing matters in the meantime. She snuggled closer to Damon. "Do you think that we can take some time off after the ceremony?" 
"Like a vacation?" 
"Mhm…", Talia confirmed with a hum. 
Damon approved. "Definitely. Think of a place." 
Talia didn't need much time to come up with options for their vacation. "How about a place with beach access? Swimming and snorkeling sound fun. Or maybe we can visit the cabin again. I promise that I won't call Axel no matter what happens." 
At the mention of Axel, Damon got an idea. "You said that time passes differently for the Midnight Guardians pack and witches. How about we go there?" 
Talia's face lit up. They could spend two-three months there and it will be just days for the Dark Howlers pack! 
"I will ask Axel and Yasmin to see if they have a place we could use. We can combine visiting their territories with taking time for ourselves. Axel told me that the main house at the Midnight Guardians pack is for the Alpha family, and I have a dedicated space, but I would prefer something with more privacy…" Talia stopped her excited chatter to look at Damon dreamily. "I like that we can chat about things like normal people." 
"Are you saying that we are not normal?" 
Talia rolled her eyes. "You know what I mean." 
He knew, and he enjoyed these moments of normalcy as well, but he was aware that they couldn't spend the whole day in bed. "Are you ready to face the world now that people know you are my mate and the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack?" 
"No.", Talia responded right away and hugged him tightly. "I wish that nothing changes. I wish that we can stay like this forever. Why are you so eager to part from me?" 
"I have no intention of parting from you, kitten.", Damon said while running his hand through her hair. "Our people are eager to see you by my side. They were looking forward to me giving them their Luna, and now that it happened, it will be alright. The whole pack loves you and they will help me in protecting their Luna." 
'At least on the outside', Talia thought but she didn't want to say that aloud. She was confident that Damon was aware of how all kinds of intentions could be hidden behind a smile. "What do we do now?" 
"Now we will get ready for the day and head down for breakfast and take it from there.", Damon responded. "But first…" 
Talia yelped when Damon rolled them over unexpectedly, ending on top of her. 
He nipped her jaw playfully and spoke against her skin, "Luna of the Dark Howlers pack needs to take care of her Alpha." 
Talia thought that he will do something naughty, but he buried his face in the crook of her neck and took a deep breath. 
"I love you, kitten", he murmured. "I need to feel you close because only like this I feel complete." He released a long breath. "Twice. Twice the dark magic made me forget about you and twice I experienced how it would feel if I lose you. I didn't remember you, but I felt the loss of compassion, the loss of emotions, an important part of me was gone and I became a person I don't want to see again. I am scared of losing you…" 
"Shh…", Talia coaxed him while patting his back. "It won't happen again. The dark magic is gone, and I am here now. If anyone dares to mess with you, I will make him regret it." She really meant it. 
Damon relaxed against her, lowering himself slightly so that his body pressed on hers, but he still kept most of his weight on his elbows. 
Damon arranged kisses on her temple and forehead while talking, "I am proud you are mine and I want to show you off. I love you with all my heart and soul and I want to share the rest of my life with you. Let's grow old together, kitten. I will cherish you and protect you and I won't allow anyone to endanger you in any way because even if I live forever, my life will have no meaning without you in it…" 
They say that the strength of one's wolf determines the rate of aging, and considering how strong Sapa and Liseli were, Damon guessed that they had close to forever. 
Damon didn't want to ruin the mood, but Damon's parents, his grandparents, and many other powerful werewolves met their untimely demise. It was the greed for power that made people act against them as most Alphas died either in a war, in a challenge, or in suspicious circumstances; sometimes they were targeted by their own family members, but it was almost always by people close to them. 
Damon protected himself by keeping everyone at bay, and the way Talia accepted people was opening doors to potential spies and backstabbers, but Damon didn't want to spoil this for her, seeing how happy she was to finally not be alone. 
Damon was determined to keep Talia safe. He really wanted them to grow old together. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 585 Making progress (1) (J&C)
Chapter 585 Making progress (1) (J&C)
James exited the shower enclosure while wrapping a towel around his waist. 
He stopped in front of a mirror to make sure that the towel was low enough to tempt Cornelia. 
James was confident in his physique. Years of strenuous exercise made him look more mature and no one would think of him as a teenager. James caught Cornelia stealing glances at him more than once, and he hoped that this will work. 
After they returned to his room last night, James was convinced that they will make progress, but then Cornelia asked him to shift into his wolf form and they ended up sleeping like that. Well, James didn't do much sleeping, but Cornelia used him as an oversized furry bolster pillow. 
At this rate, he will never get laid! 
James was not really desperate to get frisky with Cornelia, but she was gorgeous, and she smelled of wild berries, and he was aroused since last night when she rode his wolf without panties! 
He wanted to hold her, skin to skin, and he wanted to taste her lips and much more. It was maddening but he knew that he couldn't rush this, and even though all the signals were there, something was wrong. Whenever he approached Cornelia, she would pull back at the last moment. However, this morning, James was determined to get his answers and make progress. 
He tussled his damp hair to look a bit messy but not too messy, and he pushed the towel to stay dangerously low on his hips. With that, he was ready to face Cornelia. 
James opened the door of the bedroom and his eyes immediately found Cornelia who was sitting on his bed with a tablet in her hands. He introduced her to the wonders of modern technology on the previous day and since then Cornelia was stuck to the tablet, researching about humans, unless something else pressing was going on. 
James cleared his throat to get her attention. 
Cornelia was painfully aware of James' presence, and she pretended that she didn't notice him nearly naked standing there, but when he cleared his throat, she couldn't fake being deaf, so she glanced his way. 
He looked edible. 
"Did you forget your clothes?", Cornelia asked. 
James frowned. Why was she pretending not to be affected by him? 
He decided to face this issue head-on and he moved to sit on the bed next to her. 
"Cora", he called. "Is there something wrong?" 
"What could be wrong?", she responded with a question without looking at him. 
James took the tablet from her hands and kept it on the side. 
"Talk to me, Cora. Why are you avoiding me?" 
"We spent the night together. I wouldn't call that avoiding you." 
He didn't want to let her wiggle out of this. "You know what I mean. You are not even looking at me." 
"You are almost naked.", she pointed out the fact. 
"Is that a problem? Isn't that helping me feel the energies better?" He glanced at the t-shirt she was wearing. "Actually, feel free to remove your clothes. Now that it's just the two of us, there is no need to cover up." 
Cornelia puffed her cheeks. "There is." 
"Why?" 
"Because…", she paused while wondering how to respond to this. "You are underage, and you don't feel the bond." 
James' face fell. Was that the problem? He could fix many things, but his age and feeling the bond were different issues. "You don't like me because I'm younger than you are?" Did she treat him like a child? He could tell her that he explored many women already and that he was not innocent nor inexperienced, but he had a feeling that might explode into his face, so he kept those words to himself. 
"I read there…", she gestured toward the tablet. "That being in a relationship with a minor can get me into trouble." 
Did she believe he will buy that nonsense? "If I'm human, the age of consent here is sixteen years old, so us being in a relationship won't be against the law, and we are not human so those don't apply to us." 
"That doesn't change the fact that you are not sensing the bond. THAT is a sign it's too early for you." She released a long breath. And then there was the possibility of witches being hunted for experiments or for breeding and even though she could refrain from using her powers, Cornelia didn't feel safe. James already had so many things going on, and if she was with him, it would only add to his existing problems. "I think that I should return to my realm and stay…" 
"No!", James exclaimed. "You are kidding, right? Tell me you are kidding." But her stubborn expression told him she was serious, and his stomach started churning painfully. 
"Cora, you can't do that. Are you planning for us to not see each other for two years?" For her, it will be decades and he was confident that for him it will feel like two eternities! "I admit. I don't feel the bond fully, but I am confident you are my mate. If I am not ready, the Moon Goddess wouldn't arrange for us to meet. Now, is there any other doubt I need to dispel?" 
Cora cocked an eyebrow at him. "Do you think that your little speech made things right? Did you suddenly get older or did the problem with your father disappear?" 
James was not willing to give up. "We spoke about my father. I will deal with him and your presence won't affect that." But her absence will make him go nuts. "Let's think about this rationally. Two weeks, two years, or two centuries, it won't change the fact that I am younger than you are and that we are mates. If we stay apart, we will only torture each other. Is that what you want?" 
"No.", Cornelia admitted. If she knew that her mate would be this young, she wouldn't come here, not now at least. It was better not knowing because now that she was aware of James' existence, the pull was driving her crazy and she feared that her control will snap, and she will jump on him. That's why she asked him to sleep in his wolf form, it was safer. 
Was she worried about him being sixteen years old? Not really. For witches, they perform the Coven initiation ceremony at twelve years old, and after that point, they are treated as grownups. Sure, they can't identify their mates at that time, as that's the age when they start studying systematically different types of energies and it takes years until they can feel the pull toward their soulmate, but the fact that James couldn't feel the bond was a problem. 
James put his hand on Cornelia's cheek and forced her to look at him. "Cora, I could lie and tell you that I feel the bond, but I can't pretend that I don't feel anything." 
Cornelia realized that he was right. If he said that he suddenly could feel the bond, there was no way for her to check. She should appreciate his honesty and not punish him for it. 
"So, what do you suggest?", she asked. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 586 Making progress (2) (J&C)
Chapter 586 Making progress (2) (J&C)
James was happy to see that Cornelia's attitude softened. He knew that she could feel the pull of their bond and that she needed only a bit to give in. 
"Let me take you out so we can officially start dating." Actually, he previously promised her a day out, just the two of them, but things with Marcy happened, and the Council of Alphas, and the pack run, and even though they were inseparable, they didn't go anywhere like a couple. 
"What does dating mean?", Cornelia asked. 
James smiled. She didn't refuse. 
He wanted to talk about romantic candle-lit dinner and dancing, but what he really wanted to do was just for them to get naked and he decided not to give specifics at this point. 
"It means that we get to spend time together, and…" His heart thundered wildly as he inched closer carefully while gauging her reaction. She didn't pull back and he decided to go for it. 
"I get to…" His breath splashed on her lips and then he kissed her right there, on her full lips that were soft and velvety, and he was quick to wrap his arms around her and deepen the kiss because she definitely kissed him back and she tasted divine. 
Cornelia gripped James' bare shoulders to steady herself. She didn't expect that he will kiss her like that in the middle of a sentence, but she didn't hate it, not even a little bit. 
Every stroke of his tongue against hers made her feel like another layer of an invisible cord was tied around them, and she wondered if they will ever be able to separate. 
This intimacy was new to Cornelia, and it made her tingly all over. 
The scent of her arousal hit him hard, and he chanted internally that they needed to take this slow. 
James cursed himself for messing up the first evening when they met. If he didn't act like an idiot, he wouldn't push her away and she wouldn't be so reluctant to lower her defenses around him. Due to that, gaining Cornelia's trust was more difficult than anything he faced so far because he couldn't risk making a mistake. 
The kiss ended, but James and Cornelia still stayed like that with only a fraction between them, inhaling each other's breaths, obviously wanting more. 
He relished the feeling of Cornelia's arms around him, and he could feel the rise and fall of her breasts against his chest. Damn, he really wanted her to remove that pesky t-shirt she was wearing. 
James licked his lips to collect any flavors Cornelia left behind as he didn't want to waste any of it. He kissed females before, but this was a kiss that shook his core and even his wolf stirred, and James knew that they crossed a line after which there was no coming back. 
The idea of her returning to her Coven without him was making his heart tighten painfully but he also understood that she had her reasons to be reluctant. 
Cornelia grew up in a realm without men, and since coming here she heard about witches being used for breeding, and James told her about his father sleeping around even though his Luna was right there, and Cornelia heard how misogynic Alpha Magnus was, and she even saw Damon mistreating Talia… Cornelia really didn't have many good examples to go with. 
"You are mine.", James said possessively. "I am not like others." He didn't mention names, but he knew that she understood what he wanted to say. "I won't look at other women and I will treat you like what you are, the most important person in my life. We will stay together, and I will put my life on the line to protect you. Whatever comes, we will deal with it, and you are not allowed to leave me. Do you understand?" 
Cornelia blinked once, twice, and then she responded, "Yes." 
James' heart soared. She said yes! He had no idea how he will deal with his father or with any other challenge coming their way, but for the first time in his life, he was selfish, and he knew that life without Cornelia in it would be meaningless. He was confident that they will come up with a way to make it work. They had to. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Now that we are dating, how does that change things?", Cornelia asked. She didn't understand the whole dating concept. 
James wondered how far he can push this. 
"I get to hold you like this…", he tightened his hold on her. "And I get to kiss you, and for anything else, we will do it when both of us are ready. Will that work?" 
She barely nodded when he kissed her again. 
James pushed her down on the bed with his body and they held each other and kissed, her sweet scent of wild berries tortured him, and he realized that this will be the biggest test of his control. Ever. 
But no matter how much he tried to control himself, his hands started wandering over Cornelia's body that somehow melted into him as their legs intertwined and her fingers dug into his back. 
"James… James…", Cornelia called breathily between kisses. 
"Hmm?" 
"Your hands." 
"What about them?" 
"They are under my t-shirt." 
He chuckled. "They are where they want to be. You have no idea how badly I want to touch you. Keeping them on your back is fine, right?" 
"How much I know, that part of my body is called a breast." 
While his hands were on her back she didn't say anything, but little by little his right hand moved and now he was cupping her breast. 
James didn't want to move his hand. That part of her flesh was round and tantalizingly soft with a hard bud at the peak, and it filled his palm perfectly. 
"I thought we were talking about my left hand." As if to prove his point, the fingers of his left hand moved along her spine, and she shivered. 
"The position of that hand is also questionable.", Cornelia said. Everywhere he touched her was electrifying. 
"But you are touching me without obstructions. It's fair that we are equals.", James protested. Her hands were on his back. 
"You could put a t-shirt on.", Cornelia said. 
James was not discouraged. "Aren't I the considerate one? I don't have it on because I want to make things easier for you. Admit it, you love touching me. It feels good, right?" 
Cornelia stared at the cheeky young man who didn't look like a teenage boy. He reminded her of a hungry wolf who wanted to eat her up. 
James stared into her deep brown eyes. "You have no idea how happy I am that I get to hold you, Cora. Your scent, your flavors, your everything is out of this world, and the fact that you are holding onto me is making everything several folds better." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 587 Making progress (3) (J&C)
Chapter 587 Making progress (3) (J&C)
Cornelia's eyes darted from James' blue eyes to his lips and back up again as she was torn between her desire to kiss him more, and her reasoning which screamed that they should stop. She knew that he had only a flimsy towel around his midsection, and her t-shirt and shorts didn't provide much coverage either. 
She was aroused and she definitely felt his erection pressing on her thigh. If they didn't stop, they might go all the way and she was not sure if that was a good idea. Just until a few minutes ago, she was confident that leaving was the best choice, yet James melted all her arguments away with one hug and a kiss and she was aware that she was sinking deeper with every next heartbeat. 
Should she continue resisting this madness that was reinforced by the pull of nature? 
James' hands on Cornelia's skin felt good, like they belonged there, and she really wanted to kiss him more. 
Her breath hitched when his thumb moved over her hardened nipple, sending an electric current straight to her core. 
Somehow, he knew exactly where and how to touch her in order to set her body ablaze. Other than his impressive physique, James' mind also put her in awe, and now this. Was he really just a teenager? 
Seeing that Cornelia's eyes were getting clouded with lust, James gave himself a mental high-five. He got her to lower her guard completely and she was his. He inched closer, and their lips touched when… 
'KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK!' 
James cursed under his breath. What's up with that timing? 
Unsure who was on the other side of the door, he pulled a blanket and covered Cornelia with it, feeling that her t-shirt and shorts were too revealing. 
"WHAT!?", James shouted at the door. 
"It's time for breakfast.", Maya's voice sounded. She didn't open the door. "I called and texted you, but you didn't respond, so I came to let you know that your presence is…" 
"FINE!", James interrupted Maya. He got the message and was not in the mood for pleasantries. 
Hearing Maya's steps diminishing as she walked away, James turned to Cornelia who lifted the blanket all the way to her chin. It was obvious that she was embarrassed. 
He felt like crying. The mood was ruined! 
"I think you should dress up, so we can go.", she said. 
"Dress up?", he asked like he had no idea what she was talking about. "If we are in your realm, this type of garment would be acceptable." He glanced at the towel that somehow was still set around his waist, but it didn't do much to conceal the tent that was formed in his crotch area. 
Cornelia's eyes flashed in understanding. If he wears clothes that were common for witches, he would be totally exposed! "You will need to wear more clothes." 
James smirked. "Do I hear that my mate won't like other women looking at me?" 
Cornelia paused. Was she jealous? "Nonsense." 
James chuckled and yanked the blanket out of Cornelia's hold. 
"It's perfectly fine to be possessive of your mate.", James said. "I won't give you any reason to suspect my loyalty, Cora. I am yours and yours only." 
He was hovering above her, and Cornelia thought that he will kiss her again, but in one swift move he rolled them over, ending up on his back with Cornelia on top of him. 
"We should go to breakfast.", she reminded him. 
"I'm not holding you.", he said while waving his hands to make a point that she was not restricted. 
Cornelia was in a predicament. Their position was intimate and outrageous, and she could definitely feel his erection at the cradle of her thighs. There was nothing holding her down on him, but why was it so difficult to increase the distance between them? 
His cocky smile irritated her, and she knew that he could see through her. Her desire to stick close to him was tangible. 
"Cora", James called while running his fingers along the groove of her spine under her t-shirt. "Now that we are dating, you also have privileges." 
"Like?" 
"Like…" He paused to lick his lips. "You get to hug me and touch me and kiss me whenever you feel like it. Don't you…?" 
His next words were muffled by her kiss because she really wanted to kiss him again, and she did. 
… 
James and Cornelia entered the dining room to see that Damon and Talia were there with Caden, Maya, George, Dawn, Gideon, Mindy, Petra, Erik, and Zack, and there was another face James didn't approve of. Calvin, the reporter from WW Magazine. James remembered him because Calvin interviewed Marcy and then James after that. 
At that time, Cornelia was not present, and this might be a problem. 
James's mind was racing. Why was the reporter there? Was he trustworthy? What if he publishes in his article how the young Alpha of the Red Moon pack was with a woman? That probably won't mean much for anyone else, but Alpha Edward would definitely pick up that Cornelia was someone important. 
James' instinct was to stay away from Cornelia because if the reporter doesn't see them being close, they would avoid many troubles, but contrary to his instincts, his hold on Cornelia tightened as he pulled her closer to him. 
Just a while ago he was pleading with her not to leave and he promised to keep her safe and if he backed away because of one measly reporter, all their progress will go down the drain. 
Maya noticed James' discomfort. 
"James, Cornelia, nice of you to join us.", Maya said while gesturing toward free spots where they could sit, and she remembered to introduce new faces. "Cornelia, I don't think you met Calvin. He is the reporter working for the WW Magazine, and he is here to interview Alpha Damon and Luna Talia. Calvin, this is Cornelia, she is Shaman Gideon's distant cousin." 
"Don't worry about him.", Damon said to James from the side. "Calvin knows that nothing should be published without our approval." 
Damon was smiling, but Calvin felt his hair rising. That was definitely a warning! 
James relaxed a bit as he held a chair for Cornelia to sit on. Surely, he was overthinking it. Even if information about him and Cornelia ends up in a magazine, James can downplay it. Unless people suspect that things with Cornelia were serious, no one will care, and who will think that it was serious when he was only sixteen years old? 
But James had a feeling that all these were just temporary patches because in no later than two years things will start collapsing and if he didn't come up with a solution to his predicament until then not only will he find himself in hot waters, but he will end up dragging Cornelia down with him. 
"That's enough", Cornelia's words got James' attention and his hands froze mid-air. Was he really putting food on Cornelia's plate? And it was overflowing! 
James cleared his throat awkwardly. "We can share this if it's too much." 
Cornelia looked at him helplessly and she took a fork only to see that there was already one with food on it hovering in front of her face. 
"You don't need to feed me.", Cornelia told James in a low voice, but it was useless as everyone around them was a werewolf with a very good hearing. 
"But I want to.", James responded, and he smiled when she opened her mouth obediently so that he can put the food in there. 
James had no idea why he had this inexplicable need to feed her, but he had an urge to stuff her mouth with food, and then he would stuff her down there with his pups. He gaped at his own thoughts. What the hell was wrong with him? 
James looked around the table to see that Damon was feeding Talia, George was feeding Dawn, and Gideon Mindy, and even Caden was making sure that Maya's plate was not lacking food. James never saw his father feeding his mother, but maybe that was a trait only fated mates had. 
James' mood soared. If he had this urge to feed and impregnate Cornelia, wasn't that another proof that they were fated mates? 
James shifted a bit to adjust his hard-on, and then he continued feeding his chocolate-colored Goddess. His worries about the reporter being present were long gone as he was thinking about how to avoid the whole out-for-a-date thing, so that he and Cornelia can spend the day in his room. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 588 Influencing the public opinion
Chapter 588 Influencing the public opinion
James was feeding Cornelia and himself, lost in the world of imagination where he and Cornelia were embracing each other completely naked. 
Thanks to their make-out session from earlier that morning, James could vividly taste Cornelia on his tongue, and feel the heat of her body against his. It was exhilarating. He really wanted them to do it again. James wondered how her nipple would feel in his mouth. He would suck on that hardened bud and graze her there with his fangs for added stimulation. He could hear her moaning his name and asking for more when... 
"What do you think? Is it a good idea?" 
Cornelia's questions pulled James into a reality where they were sitting at the dining table with a bunch of other people, and she was looking at him eagerly. 
James had no clue what was going on, but he had no heart to reject her, so he responded, "If you like it, I'm all for it." 
"Great! Then it's settled!", Cornelia exclaimed and turned to Petra. "I can't wait to see the mall and try Italian food. We can go after breakfast…" 
James' mental images of naked Cornelia crumbled one by one. Did she say, a mall? 
It took him a few long moments to realize that Cornelia was talking to Petra about visiting the human city with Zack and Erik, and… what the hell!? What happened with them staying in his room? Oh, right, that was just his imagination. But still, he hoped to make it real. It looked real, damn it! 
Initially, Cornelia was not willing to hang out with teens, but considering the failures of her previous plans to see how humans and werewolves live, she decided to go with this. If James was willing to join, then Cornelia didn't need to compromise between satisfying her curiosity and spending time with her young soulmate. 
The more James listened to Petra and Cornelia talking, the more James' mood dropped. 
It was all preplanned and that was why Maya called him to join for breakfast; Petra, Zack, and Erik wanted to do something that included Cornelia. And they made plans for the whole day! 
If he knew, they wouldn't come! 
James wanted to to them spending the day as a group of five, but Cornelia was visibly excited, so he stretched his lips into a painful smile. 
He knew that she came here to explore this realm, and it wouldn't be fair to keep her in one room. 
But… Will he need to wait until tonight for him and Cornelia to have privacy? At this rate, he will lose the evening with Cornelia as well! That's not happening! 
James decided to put his brain to good use. Surely, he can come up with a reason for him and Cornelia to ditch those three unwanted people by lunchtime. In that way, she gets to see the city, and the rest of the day will be theirs to enjoy. 
... 
After breakfast, Damon and Talia met with Calvin to give him the exclusive interview related to Talia being Damon's fated mate and the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. 
Talia forgot about her promise for an interview on the morning after the pack run, but Calvin didn't. He was in the dining room at the table before anyone else from the packhouse got there for breakfast. 
Damon let Talia handle the interview, but he advised her through their mind-link which gave her the confidence to talk like someone who was knowledgeable about the pack-related matters. 
As they reached the end of the interview, Calvin had to ask, "What can you tell me about guests from the Red Moon pack?" 
Talia and Damon knew that he was talking about Cornelia and Dawn, and Talia was quick to respond before Damon sent the poor reporter to the dungeon. 
"At this point, they want to keep their relationships private.", she said and as expected, Calvin's expression fell. "Considering your position as the seasoned reporter, you should be aware of the tense relationship between us and the Red Moon pack." This got Calvin's attention, and Talia continued, "If Alpha Edward finds out from WW Magazine about Dawn being Commander George's mate, he might give them a hard time. Why didn't Commander George tell him? Was Dawn a spy? It would open all kinds of possibilities to a person who feels wronged. We are not telling you not to publish news, but we hope you will consider Dawn's safety." 
Calvin had to agree that news about Dawn being Commander George's mate paled in comparison to the exclusive interviews he got with Marcy and Talia. 
"What about Cornelia?", Calvin asked carefully. 
"Cornelia is not a she-wolf.", Talia responded with a knowing look. 
Calvin's brows came together. He didn't really pay attention, so he didn't notice. "I thought you said that she is Shaman Gideon's cousin." 
"Distant Cousin.", Talia reminded him. "She is more human than a she-wolf and as such, Alpha Edward won't allow for James' relationship with Cornelia to go beyond what it currently is, no matter how smitten they are with each other." This was the truth. "By writing about James and Cornelia, you will make their life difficult. After the way Marcy left, Alpha Edward might think that we planted Cornelia by James' side to control him." 
Calvin was disappointed that there were no benefits in writing about Dawn or Cornelia, and actually, it might cause sparks of war. He was not willing to carry that weight. 
But he left the packhouse happy because Talia promised to call him for any future scoops, and... "As soon as we decide on the date of my Luna ceremony, we will let you know before we announce it to the public." With that, Calvin entered his car and drove away. 
The moment Calvin's car disappeared behind the tree line, Talia slumped against Damon who was already holding her. 
"This was more difficult than dealing with Marcy", Talia said. She didn't have bad feelings toward Calvin, but all her answers were tiptoeing around sensitive topics and telling the truth while omitting crucial details and she found it mentally exhausting. 
Damon chuckled. "You did great." 
James was the one who brought up the point of the value WW Magazine had in swaying the public opinions. 
Everyone from the werewolf society was reading the WW Magazine, and it served as a credible source of news because they wouldn't publish anything unless it was confirmed as the truth. The WW Magazine served no one, and it served everyone. 
But no matter how ive WW Magazine was, there were always several sides to the truth, and the tone of how the story is told can make the difference between people accepting or rejecting the idea. 
By having a good relationship with Calvin, Calvin's career will skyrocket due to the exclusive access to the news, and in return, Damon and Talia get to control what news gets out and in which way, as a way to influence the public. 
With them preparing to integrate witches into their society, they will need a person like Calvin on their side. 
Damon and Talia agreed with James on this. The boy was smart, and his ability to plan ahead was scary. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 589 Luna Talia’s high-ranking member (1)
Chapter 589 Luna Talia's high-ranking member (1)
With the interview business over, Damon and Talia hugged each other in front of the main entrance of the packhouse, and they just stood there for some time. Other than the birds chirping, it was a quiet morning. 
James and Cornelia went with three teens to the human city. Dawn, George, Mindy, and Gideon were in their rooms. Maya and Caden were handling their tasks away from the packhouse. Talia was not sure if Zina, Rose, and other Omegas were working silently or they left, but it felt like it was just Damon and Talia and no one else in the world. 
Damon asked Talia, "What do you want to do now?" 
They didn't have any firm plans for the rest of the morning. 
Talia wanted to discuss urgent matters and figure out the schedule before they can plan their trip to the Midnight Guardians pack and witches' realm, but before that, she had one thing to handle. 
"I want to visit Keith in the hospital.", Talia responded. 
Maya checked on Keith, so Talia knew that he was in the pack hospital for observation. Doctor Travis wanted to do extra tests and to ensure that Keith's condition was stable before he releases him. 
Travis knew that Keith sustained severe injuries and that Talia healed him, and Travis regretted that he didn't do the tests before and after the healing in order to assess Talia's ability. But Travis couldn't say that aloud because Damon warned them not to mention what happened. He didn't want people to talk about Talia glowing and healing people. That's why Travis hoped to catch some remnants of Talia's energies in Keith or at least something he could work with. 
Travis was always interested in modern and traditional medicine, and if he could get a chance to peer into things they call magic, that would be fantastic! 
Damon didn't approve of the idea of Talia visiting Keith. Did she need to socialize with a guy who obviously had a crush on her? But Damon knew that the Coach was in the hospital because of him, and that Talia felt responsible. She won't give up on this, and Damon had no intention of giving them privacy. "I will go with you." 
Talia was not sure if Damon should go, considering that he was the reason why Keith ended up in the hospital, but they couldn't avoid each other forever either. 
"I will pack some fruits, and then we can go." 
"Fruits?", Damon asked. 
"Isn't that what you take when you visit patients in the hospital?" 
Damon frowned. "He gets food there." 
Talia couldn't believe how petty Damon was. "We can't go empty-handed." 
'Yes, we can!', Damon grumbled in his mind, but he didn't want to argue with Talia on this. He went to the study to handle some emails, and Talia said that she will find him when she prepares a basket with goodies for Keith. 
The truth was that Talia had no idea what to pack, but she felt guilty to go empty-handed, so she got her phone and did a search online to see what was appropriate to take when visiting someone in the hospital. 
Talia was leaning on the kitchen island and watching a video about apples when Mindy appeared. 
Mindy came to grab snacks for her and Gideon. The two of them were enjoying solitude in their room now that the pack run was over. 
"What are you watching?", Mindy asked Talia while peering at the latter's phone. 
"Ways to cut apples before serving them to a patient.", Talia responded. 
"Who is sick?" 
Talia realized that Mindy was not there to see what happened, so she gave her a short version: Damon forgot about her (again), he was crude, Keith came to her rescue and ended up hurt by Damon's aura and was now in the hospital. 
Mindy made a face. "Alphas can be such cavemen." Her brother was not a violent guy, but something was hardwired in Alpha's mind to trigger unreasonable behavior whenever he felt the challenge. She saw Maddox using excessive force more than once. 
"It's all good.", Talia tried to soften up Mindy's fiery temper. "Keith is fine now, and Doctor Travis is holding him back for observation, but since he ended up there because of me, I want to check on him and get him some treats. I hope that Keith won't blame me for this." 
Mindy's expression didn't improve. "Keith won't blame you. As your guard, he was doing his duty. But you are making excuses for Damon. Aren't you?" 
Talia exhaled helplessly. Mindy got her there. "Damon is a good person. He changed, just how Max changed since he met Tanya." 
Mindy frowned at these words. "Max didn't change. He is still the same, with the difference that Tanya gets special treatment while he ignores other women." 
Talia didn't want to talk about the behavior of Alphas. Each Alpha has good and bad sides, and they all have in common pride and stubbornness and their own set of values. Alpha is the king in his territory where his word is the law. Everyone is sucking up to them, and in time that twists their way of thinking no matter how righteous they want to be. And here she was again, making up excuses for Damon. 
If they discussed that, both Talia and Mindy will only get upset, so Talia decided to change the topic. 
"How was the pack run for you?" 
"After a rocky start, it was good.", Mindy responded. 
Talia's ears perked up. "A rocky start? What did I miss?" 
Mindy told Talia about Nina and the bad vibes she felt. "Gideon didn't confirm, but he didn't deny it either. The way she looked at him and called him Gidi, was enough for me to know. He slept with her, and she is not happy that he found his mate." Mindy made a grumpy face. "And who knows how many Ninas are out there." 
"Mindy?", Talia called carefully. "Are you and Gideon fine?" 
"Yes, yes.", Mindy confirmed right away. "Gideon is great. We are both adjusting to the mate bond and to each other. But to be honest, it's difficult to find the middle ground. Last night, Nina got too close, and Gideon didn't notice, and on the other hand, he is not talking to Cornelia about magic because he doesn't want to spend time with another female and get me worried." 
Talia understood that Gideon was keeping his distance from Cornelia because Mindy and the witch had a bad start that included tumbling in the garden. As for the other woman… "Do you think Nina will cause problems?" 
Mindy shrugged. "I don't know. After we cleared the air between us, Gideon told her that he doesn't need her, but I'm not sure if she got the message that she needs to scram." Mindy pursed her lips and looked at Talia. "How long can we stay in the packhouse?" 
Talia's expression lit up. "You can stay as long as you want. We can make it permanent if it works for you." 
Mindy realized that Talia was up to something. "Out with it. I'm having difficulty believing that you are so happy about my company." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 590 Luna Talia’s high-ranking member (2)
Chapter 590 Luna Talia's high-ranking member (2)
"Of course, it's about your company! I love your company!", Talia said to Mindy right away. "I was also hoping that you will accept to be a high-ranking member in the Dark Howlers pack." 
"How high are we talking about?", Mindy asked suspiciously. 
"I didn't think that far.", Talia responded honestly. "Caden and Maya are working as Damon's Betas and Maya mentioned that she will reduce her duties because they want to expand their family. I have no idea what it means to be Damon's Luna, but I know that I will need trustworthy people by my side. Qualifications are that the person is smart, reliable, and not afraid to tell me when I'm about to make a mistake. Who is better for that role than you?" Talia ended enthusiastically. 
Mindy was Talia's first friend who was not related to Damon, and Talia knew Mindy as a straightforward person who doesn't mince words and is not afraid to speak her mind. Being surrounded by people who will blindly obey Talia's order sounded nice, but she needed someone who will keep her grounded. Even Damon would let her wreck the world and she hoped that Mindy will prevent her from doing that. 
Mindy was flattered by Talia's offer, but Mindy grew up in the Alpha family and she was aware that under all that glitz and glam which comes with a high position, there was a lot of work. "It sounds great, but I know that it involves responsibilities, and I still didn't figure out what it means to be Shaman Gideon's mate and how it all fits with my existing work." 
"I understand. That's why I didn't bring it up so far.", Talia responded. "There is no rush. We can talk about it next week or next month or whenever you feel that you are ready. Until then, think of things that will work for you." 
Mindy was grateful that Talia was not pressuring her for a response, but she had a few questions of her own. "Lia, how will you balance your Luna role in the Dark Howlers pack with your Alpha position in the Midnight Guardians pack?" 
"I'm not sure. Do I need to give up one? On the other side, I doubt I can have both roles." This was more than just balancing conflicting interests. Did she have the time and resources to take on both roles with the dedication they require? 
"There is always an option to merge packs.", Mindy suggested. 
Talia loved the idea but, "Damon is being targeted because other Alphas fear that he is too powerful. Imagine their reaction if our two packs merge into one." 
Mindy understood what Talia was saying, however, "Eventually, they will find out that Luna of the Dark Howlers pack is also the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Considering that the two of you are fated mates, merging your two packs will be only a matter of formality." 
Talia's intention was to abdicate her position as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack for Axel to have it. She was not interested in titles and if Axel was doing all the work, he should get the credits as well. However, every time Talia thought about stepping down as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, her heart tightened painfully, as if something really bad will happen if she made such a move. 
"Ideally, we would find a way to live with other packs and erase borders, or at least to stop thinking of each other as competition. We are all werewolves with common goals. But I know that is just wishful thinking.", Talia said. "To answer your question, I don't know what to do. I will think about it and gather opinions. I'm sure we will come up with something that works for everyone." 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
"Can you tell me what challenges you are facing with Gideon?" Talia was genuinely interested. For Talia, staying with Damon was normal. Can it be more difficult to be Shaman's mate compared to Alpha's? 
Mindy didn't want to talk about her and Gideon, but Talia was her friend and Mindy thought that even if Talia can't help, she can listen, and that meant a lot. 
"Most of our talks are related to where we are going to live. Gideon's current place provides privacy, but it's lacking many amenities and it's far from everything so it's not convenient as a permanent location. We discussed moving closer to Darkbourne, but we need a house with several rooms and enough land for him to plant his garden and to provide privacy, and some of those requirements are clashing. I didn't understand the privacy part until I saw how Nina was acting friendly with him. She was arranging the herbs I prepared, like she belonged there! Now I fear that when people find out we are close to town, everyone will come and act like they are in their own home. That's why I asked how long we can stay in the packhouse. No one dares to seek him here and I will appreciate it if we can intrude until we figure out something that will work..." Mindy's voice trailed when she realized that she was blabbering. "I'm sorry. I need to stop oversharing." 
"Nonsense!", Talia exclaimed. Considering the war-sparking issues she was facing so far, Talia thought that Mindy's problems were not a big deal. "First, you are not intruding. Second, I think I have a perfect house for you." 
"You do?" 
Talia nodded confidently. "It's a new construction with three bedrooms upstairs, and plenty of unused land around it. Gideon can make a garden as big as he needs, and you can even expand the house if you wish. It's about five minutes from here, so you are close to town while not actually being IN the town." 
Talia was talking about the house where George and Marcy were staying after George accepted Marcy's rejection. Damon told Talia that the house was unoccupied, and there were a few similar houses further from the packhouse. They used them when someone needed to stay temporarily and the packhouse was not appropriate, like for a family of refugees. 
Mindy shook her head, rejecting the idea. "That won't help with people coming over and treating my home as a bus station." 
"I'm not done.", Talia said. "No one needs to know where you live. Gideon can get himself an office in town where he will meet people who need advice, medicine, or whatever service he is providing. Appointments in advance will ensure that he is there when needed, and only your friends can know where you actually live. As a benefit of being close to the packhouse, guards will prevent any uninvited guests from intruding on your time." 
Talia could see that Mindy was considering it, so she pushed a bit more, "If I was you, I would give it a try. In the worst case, it won't work, and you need to keep searching, but living in that house will give you a better understanding of what you need. If it's a total failure, you are always welcome to return here. I will keep the room ready for you. What do you think?" 
"As a benefit, I will be close to work with you." 
"Work, fun, hanging out, call it any way you want. I will pay you fairly and it will come with benefits.", Talia grinned. "But I won't ask you to be available 24/7 as my aide. We can decide if it's every day, every other day, how many hours…" 
Talia stopped talking when Mindy gave her a hug. 
"I knew it's a good move to befriend Luna of the pack.", Mindy said and both of them burst into giggles. 
Talia was genuinely happy. Only a few weeks ago, the idea of being Damon's Luna was overwhelming, but now she had Zina and Rose to help in the packhouse, and with Mindy accepting to be by her side, it was not so scary anymore. 
OK. Mindy didn't accept yet, but Talia had a feeling that it was only a matter of time. 
As for being the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, Talia decided to deal with that later. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 591 Letting go
Chapter 591 Letting go
Talia and Damon didn't talk on their way to the pack hospital. 
Damon didn't like Talia showing care for the wretched Coach, but he also felt that it wouldn't be right to tell her not to. After all, the guy got hurt because he was defending Talia. 
Damon wanted Talia to have guards, someone to watch her back, and he told her to pick them and she did, but now Damon wondered if that was a good idea. 
Last night, five of them went against Damon, their Alpha. Was that acceptable? No one EVER went against him without suffering consequences. These were his pack members; he expected loyalty and not mutiny. At the same time, Damon disapproved that Lulu hid behind a tree when Damon was proving that he was at the top of the hierarchy for a reason. Was Lulu hiding because defending Talia meant going against Damon, or because she wouldn't treat Talia's safety as a priority? 
Can he just send them back to survival training? But if he does that, who will be Talia's guards? Damon could easily pick a handful of loyal warriors, but they wouldn't be loyal to Talia, and she wouldn't trust them and… nothing seemed right. 
Damon tried peering into Talia's emotions, but she closed them off and her expression told him that she was thinking about something intently. Was she blaming him? Probably. 
… 
Keith was lying in the hospital bed and staring at the ceiling while Katya was telling him about the ceremony and the pack run he missed. 
Everyone who was able went for the pack run. It was the event of the decade. Many brought drinks and snacks in advance and kept them at certain points in the forest, and they gathered there after the run was over to celebrate first run in their generation with Damon as their Alpha. Mates were eager to find solitude, and some found their mates. The mated pack members didn't mingle with single souls, but those who were single didn't spend the night being lonely either. 
The Shifters nightclub was closed which meant that Katya lost one night of earnings, but she didn't care. She was obviously excited. 
Keith normally loves listening to his sister, but this time he was distracted. Images of Damon pinning Talia to the ground and mistreating her were etched in Keith's mind and he was angry that it happened and he couldn't help Talia. 
Talia didn't deserve such treatment. 
If he was stronger, if he had the Alpha aura, Keith would be able to protect the only woman who stirred his heart instead of being stuck to the ground and watching it helplessly. He hated himself. 
"Do you want to talk about it?" 
Keith blinked when he realized that Katya asked him something. "What?" 
"You were not listening. Do you want to talk about whatever is on your mind?", Katya asked. And she had a good idea that Talia was on Keith's mind. 
Keith didn't want to talk about it. "I'm just wondering if I need to waste a day here. I have so many things to do." 
"Like guarding our Luna?", Katya asked in a teasing voice. 
Keith's brows came together to form a frown. "Yes. That's my job." 
Katya made a 'I-don't-believe-you' face. "It's more than a job. You can't lie to your sister." 
Keith released a long breath. "What do you want me to say?" 
"I hope you know what you are doing.", Katya said. "I am aware that you changed since meeting Talia, but she is not Talia anymore. She is our Luna, Alpha's fated mate." 
"You think I don't know that?" 
"I don't know, Keith. Do you know that?" 
Keith gritted his teeth. "You were not there, Katya. You didn't see how he treated her. Talia is not happy." 
"If she is not happy, why is she not leaving him?", Katya asked. 
"Do you think it's easy to leave Alpha?" 
"It has nothing to do with Alpha Damon's status, Keith. They are fated mates." 
"I know." 
"You don't.", Katya snapped. "You will know only when you find your fated mate. She will not leave him no matter how he treats her because they are mates and if she leaves him, it will harm them both. I can see you don't believe me. I wouldn't believe it either before I met Oscar…" 
"So if Oscar disrespects you in front of everyone, you will be fine with it?", Keith asked dryly. 
Katya gaped at Keith. "Of course not. But, Oscar wouldn't disrespect me BECAUSE he is my mate. Mates come first and…" Katya's voice trailed when she saw that Keith made a face. "Are you telling me that our Alpha is mistreating his mate? Is that why you ended up in the hospital?" 
Keith shook his head. He didn't want to talk about it, but he knew that Katya won't let it go. "Maya said that Alpha was not himself, but I've seen Alphas with women, and I know that they treat them like trash. Shit! Even I treated women like trash." OK. Not how Damon treated Talia on the previous night, but Keith had his share of not caring about women. 
"Are you saying that you changed?" 
"I would never do such a thing to Talia.", Keith said seriously. 
"You wouldn't because she is your Luna, and you need to keep your hands and your pecker to yourself." 
Keith made a face. "Can we go back to you talking about the pack run and me not listening?" 
"As soon as you promise that you won't do anything stupid." 
"You don't understand, Katya. The world gets colors in her presence. Her smile makes the birds sing…" 
"And you will get our whole family kicked out of the pack if you allow those feelings to grow.", Katya said dryly. 
"Don't worry, sis. I know where the line is." 
"I surely hope so." 
… 
Talia held onto the basket she prepared for Keith. She didn't want Damon to carry it and Damon didn't insist. 
The nurse showed them to the room where Keith was, and Talia recognized the woman by Keith's side. It was his sister, Katya. 
Keith's face lit up when he saw the figure at the door. "Talia", he called, and he wanted to get out of the bed. 
"No, no", Talia said while rushing to his side. "Please, don't get up for me." 
Keith's eyes moved behind Talia and his expression stiffened. "Alpha." 
Talia brushed off the awkwardness between Keith and Damon. She didn't expect that they will kiss and make up anyway. 
Talia greeted Keith and Katya and then she kept the basket on the side. "I brought you these. I was not sure what you like, so I got a bit of everything. How are you feeling?" 
"I am fine.", Keith assured her. "Doctor wants to run more tests just in case, but I am completely healed, and I can resume working as your guard as soon as I'm out of here." 
"I am glad you are well.", Talia said and looked at him sadly. "Keith, I am grateful for what you did last night. Unfortunately, I need to inform you that you can't be my guard anymore." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 592 Talia’s head guard (1)
Chapter 592 Talia's head guard (1)
Keith, Katya, and Damon stared at Talia, all three wondering if they heard her right. 
"What?", Keith asked. "Did I do something wrong?" 
"No, not really.", Talia responded. "I am touched that you jeopardized yourself for me, but I don't want you to do it again." 
"That's what a guard should do.", Keith said with desperation in his voice. Was he getting fired because he did his job? Guarding Talia was so much more than a job. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line. "I know, but… I don't see you as my guard, Keith. You are my friend, and I can't bear the sight of you getting hurt. Not for my sake." 
"But I am fine." 
"You are, because you were lucky. What if you are not fine? What if last night we faced rogues? What if there were many of them with wolfsbane-laced weapons? What if you ended up with a permanent disability? What if you died? Did you think how I would feel if that happened? How would Katya feel if that happened?" Talia was on the verge of crying now. "There are so many people who care about you, and I can't bear such responsibility. I want you to be safe and healthy." 
Keith knew that Talia's words made sense and she said that she cares about him, but… "Who will keep you safe?" 
"I have a good Coach who taught me to take care of myself.", Talia responded, and she turned to Damon who was standing at the door and observing all this without a word. She took Damon's hand into hers and spoke to Keith, "And I have Damon." 
Damon was touched by Talia's trust in him, but he couldn't believe that Talia was letting go of Keith. 
He knew that Talia and Keith were close because he was her personal trainer before Damon stepped in. She trusted Keith and they were getting along well. Keith was there for Talia when Damon wasn't, and the Coach had the skill set and attitude to be a good guard. There was no reason to dismiss him, yet Talia did it. 
Damon was aware that Talia hated seeing Keith being hurt while protecting her, but Damon also knew that it was because of him. Damon never hid his displeasure with the Coach, and Talia definitely considered Damon's feelings about this. 
As an Alpha, Damon delivered many punishments, some were excessive, but he never felt guilty about it. Actually, even now he wouldn't feel guilty about crushing Keith if not for his concern about offending Talia. 
Damon wanted Talia to be happy and safe, but can he really allow an enamored guy like Keith to linger close to Talia? On the other hand, Talia is amazing and beautiful inside and out, and whoever spends time with her will start developing emotions. Can Damon keep her guards on some rotation? But then there will be no sense of camaraderie and trust, and personal guards will feel more like people who keep her imprisoned. 
Once again, Talia proved that she will put others ahead of her. She was a true Luna, willing to make sacrifices so that others will be happy. 
- - - 
--- This work is published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for reading from the original site to support the author! --- 
- - - 
Keith was dejected. He remembered Damon pinning down Talia while mocking Keith for being helpless. How can he just let it go? Talia was humiliated and degraded, and even if she forgave Damon, Keith refused to believe that she forgot about it. 
"You think that Alpha Damon will keep you safe? That's not what I saw last night.", Keith squeezed through his teeth. 
"Keith!", Katya exclaimed. 
"It's OK.", Talia quickly said. "Last night was unfortunate. Do you remember how you got better quickly?" Keith nodded and Talia continued, "You can think of it as white magic. Damon was under the effect of dark magic which blocked the mate bond and it made him look at me as an enemy. We needed the full moon for the ritual to dispel the dark magic, and now Damon is back to himself. He won't harm me." 
"I regret my actions from last night.", Damon said, making the other three look at him in surprise, but he was talking to Talia. "I harmed you physically and emotionally and there are no words strong enough to say how sorry I am. I am glad to hear that you will rely on me, but I can't be with you all the time. You will need guards. Now that everyone knows you are my mate, people will target you." 
"I know.", Talia responded to Damon. "But I don't want Keith, Sandy, Lulu, Pierce, Liam, or Caleb to put themselves in danger only because they are my friends. I will leave it up to you to pick my guards." 
Damon was surprised by this. "You will?" 
Talia confirmed. "You are the strongest Alpha and the fiercest warrior. Assign me people you think are the best." 
"Are you sure?" 
"I am.", Talia responded. 
Damon didn't need to think much about this. 
"Keith", Damon called in his official tone. "I want you to be Talia's head guard." 
"What!?", Talia, Katya, and Keith asked in unison. 
Damon was looking at Keith seriously. "Last night, you proved that you will treat Talia's safety as your top priority. That's what I expect from her guard." Damon didn't like it, but this was the truth. If Keith went against Damon, he would go against anyone only to keep Talia safe, and in a weird way, it will put Damon's mind at ease. 
"Can we talk about it?", Talia asked Damon. 
"I thought we did. You said that you are leaving it to me to pick your guards.", Damon responded matter-of-factly, reminding Talia that her Alpha was not only moody and domineering but that he can twist the words to fit his agenda. How could she forget that side of Damon? 
"Yes, I said that you should pick them, but didn't you hear that I don't want my friends to guard me?" 
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "I'm not asking your friend to guard you, but the person who is the best fit for that job. Besides, if they are your friends, it's less likely you will give them a slip. Once, I can forgive the mistake, but next time it will count as incompetence and they will be punished. Think about it before you put yourself in danger again." 
Talia lowered her gaze guiltily. She knew that Damon was talking about Talia sneaking out of the packhouse in order to go to the Lightclaw pack and then to the Council of the Alphas. Sure, it all ended well, but it could go wrong in many ways. She was lucky. 
Damon touched Talia's chin, making her look at him. "I know that you trust Keith, and he proved last night that he is taking his job seriously. Unless he is unwilling, or has a reason that will prevent him from putting your safety first, he is the best to guard you when I'm not around." 
"I am willing!", Keith exclaimed with haste, hoping that they won't change their minds again. 
Damon turned to look at Keith. "I expect you to do whatever you can to keep her safe, regardless of how many people want to harm her, or who they are, and even if the person in question is me." 
Keith gaped at Damon, and it took him a few long seconds to respond. "Thank you, Alpha. I won't disappoint your trust." 
"I know you won't.", Damon said. "I am not proud of what happened last night. It was one of my lowest moments and I am lucky that Talia understands how I wouldn't do it if my mind was clear. Talia is my fated mate and she is my most important person. I will do whatever needs to be done so that she stays safe. As for the rest of the guards, we can discuss later if you will keep your current team, or if you want to replace someone. I expect you tomorrow morning to report to the packhouse and we will discuss current dangers we are aware of..." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the WebNovel platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 593 Wasted snacks
Chapter 593 Wasted snacks
Talia and Damon left Keith's hospital room and headed back to the packhouse. 
"I thought you were not happy with Keith being my guard.", Talia said. 
She got that part right. Damon was not happy because Keith's feelings for Talia were obvious. However, in the moment of crisis, Keith prioritized Talia's safety and that was the thing that mattered the most: keeping Talia safe. 
"I can't blame him for the way he worships you.", Damon said. "You are beautiful and kind and sexy, and every guy will fall for you. But no matter how Keith feels, I know that he won't do anything against your will, and I also know that you have eyes only for me, kitten. If I deny you the best guard because of my jealousy, it will show my insecurities and I am anything other than insecure about the two of us." 
Talia's eyes widened in disbelief. Was this her possessive Alpha who blows a fuse if a guy looks at her? 
"You should have asked me.", Talia said. "If they get hurt…" 
"Then, don't put them in danger.", Damon cut her off. "Your guards should stick around when I'm not available, and I can assure you that I will never leave you in the middle of the enemy's territory. As long as you don't do anything reckless, your guards will be safe and so will you." 
Talia had to admit that he was right. Every time she was in danger, it was because she left on her own. 
Talia wondered if she could be so magnanimous. If a woman who was openly admiring Damon wanted to be close to him, would Talia allow it? Talia was not sure. But then… almost every woman was openly admiring Damon, and Talia was definitely NOT OK with that. However, that was probably because he already slept with all of them. 
"Kitten? Did my words upset you?" 
Talia blinked. What words? How did she end up thinking about women Damon had sex with? Damn it, her mood was ruined just like that! 
"Let's not talk about it.", Talia said. They were close to the packhouse now, and Talia wanted some time to clear her head. "I will check on lunch preparations." 
Damon had a feeling that this was Talia's way of avoiding him. "Are you sure? Why don't you tell me what's going on?" He didn't want to allow a small doubt to grow into something bigger. Considering that Talia was prone to overthinking things, that was highly likely. And also, Damon heard Liseli speak about how there was lingering dark magic amplifying Talia's negativity and now he was nervous. 
"It's not important.", Talia responded. It really wasn't, because she was psyching herself out. "Last night you announced to the pack that I'm your Luna. As your Luna, I need to take care of the guests and that includes checking they have food to eat. How about I see what's going on in the kitchen, and then I will find you with a snack?" She knew that Damon got work piled up, so he will definitely go to the study to work. 
"Only if the snack is you.", Damon responded, making Talia burst into giggles. 
… 
Damon's happy mood dropped when he saw the pile of paperwork waiting for him on his desk. 
What he wanted to do was snuggle with Talia, but someone had to do this, and he wondered if Talia's approach was better. Should he open up to more people helping him with work? 
But who was trustworthy, capable, and knowledgeable to help him deal with matters related to managing the pack? 
If he could have a guy like James to be his Gamma, Damon was confident that James would handle most of the work without needing Damon's input. 
The boy was scary smart, and Damon would love to poach him, but James was like a hot potato and if Alpha Edward suspects that Damon has his eyes on James, it would attract another heap of troubles. 
Besides, James was still a boy and Damon knew very well how hectic things become when one steps too soon into adulthood. Damon wouldn't do that to James or to any other kid. 
'Damon?', Caden's voice sounded in Damon's head through their pack mind-link. 
'Yes?' 
'I tried contacting you earlier, but you were not available.' 
Damon closed off the mind-link while he was in the hospital because he didn't want to be disturbed. 
'What is it?' 
'It's Jade.', Caden said, and Damon didn't need more explanations. 
Jade is a successful model, the daughter of Beta from the Silverfur pack. Alpha Adam was trying to set up Damon with Jade and to establish a connection with the Dark Howlers pack through marriage because Alpha Adam didn't have daughters. There was also a point of Jade and Damon going on a date once that ended with a steamy night, but Jade was cool about it and didn't try to latch onto him, so Damon didn't think about her as a potential danger. 
'What about her?', Damon asked. 
'She is here.' 
Damon looked around his study like he expected the woman to pop out from a corner or from behind a sofa, but she was nowhere to be found. 'Here? Where?' 
'On her way to the packhouse.', Caden clarified. 'She entered our territory about half an hour ago, saying that she wants to talk to you.' 
Damon groaned. Didn't they have a rule that outsiders can't enter without permission? But then they relaxed that rule since they merged borders with the Spring Leaf and the Blue River packs. 
Damon wondered what Jade wanted. They were clear with Alpha Adam and his Beta that Jade was NOT a candidate to be Damon's Luna, and the woman herself said more than once how she was not interested in that position because she wanted to pursue her modeling career. 
Among all women that were buzzing around Damon, he had a feeling that Jade was the most levelheaded. Probably because she had her goals that didn't include being someone's wife. 
'Don't worry about her.', Damon said. 'She can find me in the study.' 
With that, Damon was back to looking at the documents in front of him. He needed to deal with as many as possible before his kitten comes with a snack. 
… 
Damon lost track of time when his focus was broken by a knock on the door. 
"Come in!", he called, and the door opened to show a tall blonde. It was Jade. 
"Good morning, Alpha Damon!", she greeted him cheerfully as she made her way toward his desk in long steady steps with a small sway in her hips that was catwalk-worthy. 
"Jade. To what do I owe this pleasure?", Damon asked. 
"I called and I left you voicemails, but you didn't respond.", she said. 
Damon was not aware of that, but it wouldn't be strange if he dismissed them as not important. "I am busy." 
Jade reached his desk and her eyes glanced over the documents. "I can see that. You are a busy man." 
Jade put her hands on his desk and leaned over it, her shirt falling to give him a good eyeful of her cleavage and the white lace of her bra. She saw him glancing there, shorter than she thought he will, but he still did it, so she smiled. 
"I wonder if you thought about my proposition. We can scratch each other's back." 
Damon was not sure what proposition she was talking about. He opened his mouth to respond but his throat was painfully constricted, and he glanced at the open door behind Jade to see Talia there with a tray in her hands. 
Why did this scene look so familiar? 
'CLANG!' 
The tray, plates, and utensils fell on the floor loudly, and the food scattered as Talia dropped the tray out of her hands with force. It was obvious she did it on purpose. 
Talia's glare spoke volumes and Damon tried to reach her through the mind-link, but she closed it off. 
"Alpha Damon", Jade called while eyeing Talia. "It seems that your Omegas need to be educated on how to behave in front of high-ranking members. As your partner, I can help you with that." She pointed at the mess at Talia's feet. "You need to clean that up and you will pay for wasted food and anything that was broken." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 594 Jade
Chapter 594 Jade
Author's note: 
Thank you, Lori_Hart, for the Magic Castle gifted on May 18, 2022! 
- - - 
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published. 
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission! 
Now back to the novel... :) 
- - - 
Talia barely heard anything of Jade's haughty words as her icy gaze was directed at Damon who was staring at her with shock and fear evident on his face. 
Why did he look like a child who was caught stealing candy? Was he surprised that Talia saw him like that? How far would he allow Jade to go if Talia didn't show up? WHEN WILL HE LEARN!? 
The rage within Talia was rising exponentially. Bloodlust. Urge to break and smash and tear until nothing was left. Talia never felt anything like it and it scared her as she felt like a vicious beast was about to devour her. 
Should she fight against the violence, or should she allow herself to be consumed by it? 
Everything seemed like it moved in slow motion; Damon got on his feet, and she saw him opening his mouth, but the only thing Talia heard was buzzing. 
Talia didn't care about Damon's words or Jade's confused expression. She didn't want to be there. She didn't want to see Damon or Jade and she definitely didn't want her rage to explode and to hurt her most precious person. 
With that, Talia turned on her heel and dashed into the hallway. 
"Shit!", Damon cursed, and he rushed after Talia. 
He didn't expect that Jade will get so close and act provocatively, and he definitely didn't think that she will treat Talia like an Omega. What's up with these high-ranking bitches looking down on everyone!? He would give Jade a beating, but his first priority was to pacify Talia who was definitely furious, and something seemed off with her. 
"Kitten!", Damon shouted after Talia who was already halfway down the staircase. "Wait!" 
Talia's steps froze. "Why? So that I see another woman seducing you?" 
Talia recoiled when Damon's hand touched her shoulder. "DON'T TOUCH ME!", Talia shouted. "DON'T YOU FUCKING TOUCH ME!" 
Damon raised his arms, palms toward Talia, silently telling her to calm down. 
"Jade just arrived in the study, less than a minute before you. She only said, hi." And there was a whole desk between them! Wasn't Talia's reaction exaggerated? 
Talia sneered. "Sure, she just arrived and immediately offered to scratch your back. Is that protocol common for all Alphas or only you get frisky first and talk later? Why do I have a feeling that your itch is somewhere else?" 
"Kitten, no…" Damon abruptly stopped talking when Talia's eyes started glowing in silver. She was definitely angry. "Can we talk about this?" 
Talia's nostrils flared, and she didn't need to look behind Damon to know that Jade was standing at the door of the study and watching them. The way how Jade didn't cover in fear spoke volumes and Talia could see that Jade behaved as if she belonged there, in that study, with Damon, and Jade acted like Talia was an outsider. All that pointed to only one possibility… 
"Did you fuck her?", Talia asked through her teeth. 
Damon's expression froze for a moment and Talia closed her eyes. 
"I can't believe this.", Talia said under her breath, and her fury turned into dejection as her heart broke into a million pieces. Will she ever get over this? Will she always be surrounded by women Damon slept with? Was there a woman he DIDN'T sleep with? 
Talia gasped for air. There was not enough of it. 
Damon panicked when he saw streaks of black in Talia's silvery eyes. 
"Kitten… Kitten…" 
Talia could hear Damon calling for her, and somehow she knew that his arms were around her, even though she couldn't feel them. 
"Don't give in to the darkness", he said, and the rest was choppy as Talia was losing consciousness. "I'm right here… You are my only one… Please… You need to fight this…" 
… 
Talia's eyes fluttered open to see blurry faces. She blinked to get them in focus and inhaled a scent of lavender, basil, mint, and chamomile that was wafting from the nearby burner. It was a calming mix of herbs and Talia guessed that Shaman was nearby. 
First, Talia recognized Mindy, and then Dawn and Zina. 
Talia was lying on the sofa in the living room. 
Talia looked around to see Gideon, George, and Damon standing a bit further, and in the furthest chair was a head of blonde hair; it was the woman from the study that Damon called Jade. 
"Are you back with us?", Mindy asked with concern obvious in her voice when she noticed Talia moving. "Stay down. Doctor Travis and Cornelia are on their way." 
"Kitten?" This was Damon and he was already kneeling by the sofa where Talia was and holding her hand. 
Talia's eyes didn't settle on him as she looked at Jade. "Why is she here?" 
Everyone turned to look at Jade. 
Talia lost consciousness on the staircase, and Damon carried her to the living room while mind-linking Mindy, Dawn, and Zina who came quickly with Gideon and George, and they called Travis and also James to come back with Cornelia as soon as possible… and Jade just sat there in the chair, with no one paying attention to her. 
"Don't worry about her, kitten.", Damon said with haste. "She is nobody. How are you feeling?" Talia looked normal, but Damon was worried about the dark specks in Talia's eyes from before. 
Talia was not willing to let it go. "If she is a nobody, why is she here?" 
Jade shuffled in her seat. By now, she realized that Talia was someone important. Why else would all these people make a fuss around her? But, how important could Talia be? 
"I came to visit Alpha Damon.", Jade responded. "Nothing more." 
Talia pushed herself into a seated position while eyeing Jade suspiciously. "Really? Alpha Damon just said that you are a nobody. Are you close enough for social visits or are you a nobody? Which one is it?" 
"She is…" 
"Did I ask you?", Talia snapped at Damon whose mouth closed so quickly that his teeth clattered. 
Jade confirmed that her deduction was right. Talia was important. Why else would Damon allow Talia to cut him off like that? 
Alphas cared about their position and pride, and unless Talia was equal to Damon or above him, he wouldn't submit so easily. But how could Talia be above Damon? Damon was the most powerful Alpha of their generation! 
Jade's heart tightened. Was the rumor true? Did Damon find his mate? Was this the girl? 
Jade had difficulty accepting the current situation, however, Jade knew that she needed to figure out who this mysterious woman was. 
Jade stood up from the chair and introduced herself, "I am Jade from the Silverfur pack. My father is Beta Milo." 
Talia eyed the woman in front of her. Jade was nearly as tall as Damon with a slender body and super-long legs whose elegant shape was shown through the skinny jeans she was wearing. Jade's blonde hair was shining as it came out of a shampoo commercial, she had almond-shaped hazel eyes, a straight nose, perfect lips… really a model-worthy appearance. 
"Beta's daughter?", Talia asked. "Are you here on a pack-related errand?" 
"No. As I said, I came to visit Alpha Damon." 
"Why?", Talia kept on pressing. 
Jade's eyes moved nervously over people in the room and then she looked at Damon whose expression was unreadable. 
"It's OK.", Talia said. She stood up and crossed her arms over her chest. "Damon doesn't have secrets in front of us. You can tell us." 
Jade licked her lips nervously. "I came to visit…" 
"WHY?", Talia shouted making Jade and everyone else twitch. 
"Tell her.", Damon urged Jade. He feared that Talia's condition will worsen and she will pass out again. He looked at the door impatiently. Where are that doctor and the witch? 
Jade swallowed a mouthful of air. "Alpha Damon and I had a deal to pretend to date. My father is forcing me to marry, and Alpha Damon is facing similar pressure, so we can help each other…" 
"LIES!", Talia roared, and her voice boomed to shake the windows. "TELL ME! WHY ARE YOU HERE!?" 
- - - 
Note: You can find Jade's pic in the comments.
###Chapter 595 Fierce girlfriends (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 595 Fierce girlfriends (1) [Bonus chapter]Author’s note:
Thank you, Dale_Cooper0613, for the Magic Castle gifted on May 18, 2022!
- – –
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published.
Thank you for reading my story from the original source and not supporting people who are publishing my work without permission!
Now back to the novel… 
- – –
Jade felt that the air was heavy, and her mouth opened to respond against her will, “I heard that Alpha Damon organized dinner with Elders where he announced his Luna. After my modeling gig was over, I rushed to see if it’s true and if I can become his Luna before he marks her.”
Talia couldn’t believe this. Jade rushed here to take the spot of Damon’s mate? “Why didn’t you call?”
”I did, but he didn’t pick up and I thought he was avoiding me, so I came in person because I couldn’t miss this opportunity now that Marcy was out of the running to be his Luna.”
Cold sweat beaded Jade’s forehead.
Why the heck was she talking nonsense? But it was not nonsense. Sure, she wanted to get closer to Damon by fake-dating, and then slowly she would incorporate herself into his life. She would show herself as non-intrusive and useful. Everyone thought that Damon will make Marcy his Luna, but Marcy was out of the way, and Jade was confident that things would move in the right direction given enough time.
If he would dote on her, that would be great, and if he didn’t, she would continue modeling and traveling. In either case, it was a win-win for her, and now it was ruined.
Who the hell was this woman? Was this an Alpha command? Even Alpha Adam doesn’t have this power.
Talia was angry again. Jade came here to be Damon’s Luna before he marks the woman he choose? Well, too bad because Damon already marked Talia, and they were fated mates, but it seemed that none of these bed climbers cared about what they will destroy in order to get what they want.
Talia turned to Damon. “What do you say, Damon? Do you need a fake girlfriend? Should I leave so that you can mark this woman?”
Damon pinched the roof of his nose as he remembered Caden telling him that Jade was bad news and that her talks about independence and keeping their fake relationship fake were just to reel him in. At that time, Damon suspected that Caden was dramatic because Jade always spoke about her career, but what was this nonsense about her being his Luna?
”Let me clarify a few things.”, Damon said. “First, I never agreed to the fake-dating scheme. It was Jade’s idea. Second…” He walked to Talia and took her hand into his. Damon’s heart tightened when he felt how stiff Talia was, but the good thing was that she didn’t yank her hand out of his grasp.
He clasped her hand between his and gave her a squeeze.
”Nothing else matters, kitten.”, he said. “You know that none of these women are important. You are and you always will be my only one. I admit, it’s my mistake that Jade is here.” He turned to look at Jade. “I believed that Jade’s only interest in me was to get her father to stop forcing her into marriage. I believed that she puts her career first. I believed that she was strong and independent and that she won’t allow them to use her for a political marriage.”
Talia could feel his sincerity and she knew that he meant it, but the anger in the pit of her stomach was still swelling.
”You are telling me that she lied to you.”, Talia said. “You are saying that she came here to seduce you and to use you for her own benefit.”
Talia spoke to Jade. “You are a pitiful woman, Miss Jade. Did you really think you can use Alpha Damon for your agenda? I don’t care what happened between you in the past, but you definitely got the message that he found his Luna, yet you came here to snatch that position. Are you worthy? Do you think that being Beta’s daughter is enough qualification to be Damon’s Luna? Or were you relying on your looks? Will Damon’s Luna just stand there and allow others to question her in a degrading manner?”
This got Jade’s attention. “Why are you talking to me like I did something despicable? I admit that I came here with the hope to get Alpha Damon’s attention, but I didn’t do anything wrong and Alpha Damon didn’t refuse me.”
”And you assumed that his silence is agreement.”, Mindy interjected. She was angry for Talia, and she was also angry because this reminded her of Nina. If Gideon pushed Nina away decisively, Nina would get the message that she was in the past and that she should scram, but he didn’t, and Nina continued advancing and disturbing Mindy’s peace.
”Who are you?”, Jade asked Mindy.
”I am a woman who knows how it feels when an insignificant ex comes to disturb MY mate!”, Mindy responded.
Jade’s eyes darted from Mindy to Talia, and she was confused now. Was Mindy Damon’s mate?
”I knew you were impressive, but I didn’t realize you have more than one mate.”, Jade said to Damon while trying to lighten up the mood.
”One or ten, that shouldn’t be your concern.”, Dawn said. She saw Jade as an ex who can’t get the message that she needs to back off, and that reminded her of Marcy. “What you should remember is that Alpha Damon is taken and you are not IT.”
Jade was still looking at Damon. “Alpha Damon, I think we have some misunderstanding here… ahh!” She cried when another wave of pressure made her collapse down to her knees. She thought that it was Talia or maybe Damon, but Mindy was glaring at her.
Jade gaped at Mindy. From where did that Alpha aura come?
”The only one who doesn’t understand her position is you, Miss Jade.”, Mindy said with a malicious smile on her face. Her father was an Alpha, and even though Mindy’s aura was weaker when compared to Maddox’s, she could still handle Beta’s daughter with ease.
Gideon looked at Mindy with sparkles in his eyes. His pumpkin-infused princess was fantastic!
Mindy turned to Talia. “She obviously came to seduce your man. What will you do with her?”
”You should make an example from her. Beat her, strip her, humiliate her, so that no other woman dares to come like this.”, Zina said from the side. Everyone knew about women clinging onto Damon and trying to get close to him, but Zina remembered Cassie who was coming to their packhouse and bossing around everyone like she owned the place, and Zina hated it.
With Mindy being distracted, Jade scrambled up to her feet. Kneeling on the floor was embarrassing.
”You must be joking.”, Jade said breathily. “Ahh!” She cried and fell back down to the floor.
After a long second, Jade looked up to see who pressured her with Alpha’s aura now. Damon, Talia, Mindy? But it was none of them because the one who was staring her down was Dawn. What the hell?
###Chapter 596 Fierce girlfriends (2)
Chapter 596 Fierce girlfriends (2)”Do you think it’s a joke to seduce someone’s mate?”, Dawn asked Jade through her teeth. “Even if you don’t understand how important a fated mate is, you should know that they are together because the Moon Goddess arranged it, and getting between mates is going against the will of the Moon Goddess. Prepare to face the consequences!”
Jade groaned as Dawn’s pressure increased to hold her down on the floor, and she struggled for her face not to get squished on the carpet.
Jade couldn’t believe this! When she saw Talia bringing food into the study, Jade assumed that Talia was an Omega, but now she wondered if all females in the room were Alphas. What the hell was this place?
George’s chest puffed with pride when he realized that Dawn was the one pinning Jade down. That’s his mate! He taught Dawn how to control her aura, and she managed to direct it only at Jade, and she did wonderfully.
Talia looked at her girlfriends who were angry with her, and Talia’s anger sizzled away. At that moment, Talia got an idea.
”Damon”, Talia called.
”Yes!”, Damon responded right away.
”What do you do with enemy spies?”
”Spies!?”, Jade shrieked, realizing that this was taking a very bad turn.
”You came from the Silverfur pack with an intention to trick and seduce Alpha Damon so that you can manipulate him and use his resources. If you succeeded to become Damon’s Luna, you would get access to what he has. Were you planning to use those for the benefit of the Silverfur pack? Isn’t that what spies do? Or is it better to say, thieves? Which one are you, Miss Jade?”, Talia asked.
”No, no…”, Jade stuttered, happy that she could get up, but she didn’t dare get all the way up to stand, so she stayed on her knees. “I had no malicious intent. I mean, I wouldn’t try anything underhanded. If Damon was not interested, I would…”
”It’s ALPHA Damon!”, Talia snapped. “You have no right to address him in a familiar way. Get it?” Talia waited for Jade to nod, and then she said, “Continue.”
Jade hated this treatment but there was nothing she could do other than cooperate. She swallowed her grievances with the thought that she will get her revenge, later.
”I came for a visit. If I verified that Alpha Damon found his mate and that he was not interested in me, I would leave.”, Jade said.
”I see.”, Talia responded thoughtfully. “But I’m not sure if I should believe you. How can we confirm that?”
”I can use Alpha command on her.”, Damon said. “Don’t strain yourself. Let me do it.”
Talia refused. “Her mind seems fragile, and she barely held it together the first time. If Jade returns to the Silverfur pack as an imbecile, Alpha Adam and Beta Milo might give us hard time.”
”Will you send her to the dungeon?”, Mindy asked.
Talia shook her head. “That’s for people who did wrong and Miss Jade claims that she didn’t come here with malicious intentions.”
”You don’t plan to let her leave like that?”, Dawn asked.
”How can we let her leave? She just got here.”, Talia responded. “Didn’t Miss Jade say how she came here for a visit? We should allow her to stay and prove her sincerity. After all, she is Beta Milo’s daughter, and that counts for something.”
Zina was frowning while wondering what was wrong with Talia. “You want to let her stay here?” It didn’t make sense.
Jade was also looking at Talia with confusion obvious on her face. Was Talia going to let her stay in the packhouse? Something didn’t seem right.
”It’s the polite thing to do.”, Talia said to Zina. “Ask Rose to prepare a room for Miss Jade in one of the buildings where Omegas are staying.”
”Omegas?”, Jade asked in disbelief. She never stayed with Omegas. It was either in the packhouse or in luxurious hotels. Other than being a world-renowned model, she is Beta’s daughter!
”You didn’t think you will stay in the packhouse, did you?”, Talia asked Jade. “That’s for high-ranking guests and being Beta’s daughter doesn’t qualify you for such a privilege because you don’t have any ranking. Don’t worry, our quarters for Omegas are satisfactory, and we won’t bully you. Just as when any non-ranked member visits, we will ensure you have a place to stay, and food will be provided. You can eat in the community cafeteria or cook for yourself. As a non-ranking member, you will get duties assigned during your stay. However, since you need to dispel our doubts about being a spy, we will have warriors watching over you. If you skim on your duties or do anything suspicious, it will be a reason for your residence to move to the dungeon.”
Jade’s mind was spinning. What the hell was this? Wasn’t she just being held here to work as an Omega? She had fashion shows and other things to do!
And why did Talia say ‘non-ranking’ a hundred times? It was on purpose!
”I came here to visit Alpha Damon!”, Jade exclaimed.
”Did you invite her?”, Talia asked Damon.
”No.”, he responded before she could finish her question.
”Are you friendly with her?”, Talia asked her next question.
”No.”
Talia turned to Jade. “Then, Miss Jade, your visit is one-sided, and you are intruding. Do you think that anyone can invite themselves as Alpha Damon’s guest? You can submit to my conditions, or we can send you to the dungeon right away. It’s your choice, Miss Jade.”
Talia pursed her lips and spoke to Damon. “We should call Calvin to do a scoop on Miss Jade. If WW Magazine publishes an article about how women coveting you are setting themselves up to work as Omegas in the Dark Howlers pack, it might deter some of these pampered misses so I don’t need to deal with trash.”
Jade’s face was arranged into a dejected grimace and if looks could kill, Talia would be sliced into a million pieces. Jade was never insulted like this in her life!
”Who are you?”, Jade asked Talia.
”That is something you should have found out before coming here, before assuming I’m an Omega, and before you tried to take my mate. Because you see, Damon carries my mark on his neck, and he is MINE.”
Talia was distracted by the pride and love that poured into her from Damon and he was definitely turned on by Talia claiming him as hers. Silly Alpha.
Talia needed a moment to compose herself before continuing to talk to Jade, “Instead of hating me for making you work for repentance, you should be happy that I didn’t break your legs. How will you model when you can’t walk? If you act suspiciously or refuse to do work, warriors who are watching you will break your legs without the need to check with us…”
Jade stared at Damon who was nodding obediently at Talia’s words, and Jade couldn’t believe that she didn’t notice it before. It was there. He was marked. It meant that he submitted to his mate. Alpha Damon submitted? It was unbelievable! And that only made Jade even more wonder who Talia was.
—
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 597 Fierce girlfriends (3)
Chapter 597 Fierce girlfriends (3)Jade cursed under her breath. After her last fashion show, she heard that Alpha Damon announced his mate to the Elders of the Dark Howlers pack, and she decided to investigate the situation. On her way here, she called her father to confirm if Alpha Damon really found his mate, and he told her that those were unconfirmed rumors.
Jade didn’t suspect that anything was off. Over the years, there were many women associating themselves with Alpha Damon, so Jade assumed that it was one more fake news, but now she realized that she got herself into a heap of trouble. Will she be able to get out of this with her life intact? What if they really break her legs?
Maya and Caden entered the living room to find the scene of Jade kneeling on the floor with Talia, Dawn, Mindy, Damon, George, and Gideon standing in a loose circle around her.
”What did we miss?”, Caden asked.
They were both out in the field when Damon called them to come to the packhouse because Talia lost consciousness, and this was not what they expected to see.
”I want to know how she got in.”, Damon said dryly. “We had shuffling of patrols and loosening protocols, but that doesn’t explain how she got in without permission.”
Caden was aware of Jade coming into their territory, so he explained, “As Beta’s daughter of the pack that is on friendly terms with us, no one questioned her when she said that she wanted to meet with you.”
Caden swallowed hard when he saw Damon’s glare directed at him, so Beta lowered his head with, “This won’t happen again.”
”What did Jade do?”, Maya asked, obviously referring to the fact that Jade was kneeling.
”She came here with an intention to become Alpha Damon’s Luna.”, Zina responded, and Maya looked at Talia nervously.
They could all feel Talia’s anger swelling again.
”Kitten, you should calm down…”, Damon pleaded at Talia who was so tense that it felt like she was going to snap any moment.
”Don’t tell me to calm down!”, Talia erupted. “How can I calm down in front of a woman who came here to take my spot!? And not only my spot, but she wanted to be the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. Do you know how that would impact the pack if you hurt your fated mate because of a random woman? How would you explain to the pack members when the Moon Goddess punishes you?”
Damon realized that under that anger, Talia was onto something. “What do you suggest?”
”Miss Jade is making a point how she is Beta’s daughter. She used her status gained by birth, to come to this packhouse and get close to you. I refuse to believe that she came here on her own. The Silverfur pack needs to be held responsible.”
”You mean…”, Damon drawled and waited for Talia to finish.
”I want Alpha Adam to apologize and compensate us for the stress. I was so upset that I fainted. What if I fell and hit my head? That could be dangerous! I will need something like recurring payment to assure their sincerity.”
Damon hid his laughter behind a cough. His kitten wanted a tribute! After losing one million dollars on the bet at the Council of Alphas, Alpha Adam was definitely furious and now he will be stuck with a tribute! Will he refuse, knowing that Jade was detained in the Dark Howlers pack? Well, there was one way to find out.
Damon could feel that Talia’s emotions were unstable, but he was delighted about the way how she twisted this to benefit the Dark Howlers pack. Another tribute. No matter how angry she was, she was still thinking about the pack. She was a fantastic Luna!
”Caden”, Damon called. “Get in touch with Alpha Adam and Beta Milo and ask them to explain Jade’s presence. I want an online meeting with them where we will discuss how Jade harmed my Luna.”
”I didn’t…”, Jade protested, but no one paid attention to her.
”Don’t forget to ask for educational compensation.”, Mindy chimed in from the side. Seeing Damon’s and Talia’s questioning looks, Mindy explained, “By allowing Jade to work here as an Omega, we are educating her about hierarchy and how every member of the pack is important. Other than that, she will get lodging and food, and all that costs money.”
Maya and Caden exchanged confused glances. Jade will stay in their pack as an Omega? They needed more information, but they knew that this was not the right time to ask.
”You want to charge my father for making me work here?”, Jade asked in disbelief.
”Not your father, but your pack.”, Mindy responded.
Dawn nodded in agreement and added, “Everyone knows that the Dark Howlers pack has the highest score related to the living condition among all packs. By allowing you to spend time here and experience it first-hand, you will not only learn, but you will get to carry that knowledge with you back to the Silverfur pack. That’s priceless.”
Jade gaped at Dawn like she spoke in a foreign language. What kind of nonsense was that? They were keeping Jade here forcefully and asking for the Silverfur pack to pay the fees? Isn’t that extortion? Was she a hostage?
Damon’s chin shivered from the suppressed laughter. He knew that Talia was impressive and that Dawn had spunk, but even the dildo-gifting woman was vicious, and he approved.
Clamor at the door got everyone’s attention, and they turned to see Doctor Travis arriving with his medical bag.
”Where is my patient?”, he asked. They said it was urgent, but no one seemed to be sick or hurt.
Talia gestured toward Jade. “She needs a checkup.”
”I want to make sure you are fine.”, Damon said to Talia in a low voice and continued through the mind-link, ‘Your eyes showed black streaks and…’
’And Doctor Travis can’t do anything about it.’, Talia interjected.
Damon had to admit that was true. He moved closer to Talia and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her to lean on him.
’How are you feeling?’, Damon asked through their mind-link.
She was not sure how to describe it. ‘Nervous. Edgy. I want to scream.’
’Don’t hold it in.’
Talia lifted her head to look at him. ‘Do you really want me to scream at you?’
’If it’s going to help, go for it.’ He would gladly be her punching bag.
’I feel like ripping Jade into pieces. I feel like erasing every woman you ever touched. Will that help? Or will that turn me into nasty shits as they are? Or maybe it’s not them, but it’s you. I know, it’s not fair, but you asked me how I feel and there it is. I hate everything about this situation, and I hate that I can’t do anything about the way I feel, and bullying one of the numerous women you shagged is not helping. How do I get rid of this hate?’
Damon’s heart tightened. He knew that this was not Talia. She never hated. This was the dark magic that was corrupting her pure heart and it was his fault. If he was not this dirty, there would be no trigger for the darkness, and if he was not so weak, he would be able to resist the dark magic which seeped from him into his mate.
’Damon?’
’Yes, kitten?’
’Will you love me if I change?’
Damon’s heart cracked. In all this mess that he created, Talia was concerned if his feelings for her will change.
He cupped her cheeks and kissed her gently on the lips while talking through their mind-link, ‘We are all changing, kitten. It would be strange if you stayed the same considering everything you’ve been through. I will love you no matter what happens. I am right here, and we will get through this together. We are planning to visit witches. When we get there, you can ask them more about dark magic and we will find a way to fix it. And maybe this is not a bad thing. Everyone should have some negativity to keep us on the edge.’ He tried to sound cheerful.
Damon remembered that mates balance each other. What if Talia made him a better person and she got his darkness in return? And he was back to blaming himself.
—
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 598 Extortion (1)
Chapter 598 Extortion (1)’I am scared.’, Talia’s voice sounded in Damon’s mind, jolting him out of his thoughts.
Damon chided himself. This was not the time for self-loathing! His kitten needed him to make things better.
Damon released a sharp breath, together with some of his negativity and then he got an idea.
He scooped Talia into his arms and started walking out of the living room. “Let’s go.”
”Where?”, Talia asked while wrapping her arms around his neck to stabilize herself.
”For a run.”, he said. “When I feel overwhelmed, a run helps with clearing my head. Let your wolf take over and go wherever your paws carry you. I will be right behind you, kitten, so don’t worry about anything and just run.”
Jade gaped at the scene of Damon carrying Talia princess style. She followed news about Damon for years and she was confident that he was never this caring toward any female. This proved that Talia was Damon’s fated mate and that Jade messed up big time. 
Mindy looked through the window to see Damon carrying Talia all the way to the back of the garden, and then their clothes exploded into tatters to reveal two wolves, one black and the other light gray. When they were standing next to each other, Talia’s light fur made Damon’s even darker, and Damon’s black fur made Talia’s nearly white. It was like they amplified their colors to become opposite, yet they stood together to create a harmony like they belong next to each other.
Two wolves rubbed their heads together for a few seconds before they dashed into the forest, disappearing among dense bushes.
Mindy jolted when a pair of arms snaked around her waist as Gideon approached her from behind.
”Do you want us to go for a run, princess?”, Gideon’s breath splashed on her ear.
Mindy’s lips lifted into a smile as she remembered their wolves running and bonding on the previous night. It was exhilarating. But Mindy had something else on her mind. “How about we check out a house?”
”A house?”
”It’s close by. Talia suggested it as a temporary solution until we find something better, and if we love it, we can keep it.”
”How close is it?”
Mindy shrugged. “I’m not sure. Talia showed me the general direction. We can ask one of the guards. What do you say?”
Gideon looked at Mindy helplessly. How can he say anything other than, yes?
With Gideon and Mindy leaving the living room, Dawn, George, Maya, and Caden were left with Doctor Travis who was going through the motions of doing a health checkup on Jade. Travis figured that there was nothing wrong with Jade, but since Talia and Damon told him to check on Jade, he had to do it.
Jade didn’t resist when Travis listened to her heart, or when he asked her to open her mouth, and she blinked when he pointed a flashlight in her eyes. It distracted her from staring at George.
”You are Commander in the Red Moon pack.”, Jade said to George after some time. He looked familiar as she saw his picture somewhere, and now that the commotion settled, she connected the dots about who he is.
George’s silence was confirmation, and Jade’s eyes moved to Dawn who was definitely cozy with him. Jade noticed the mark on Dawn’s neck. If Dawn was not George’s mate, they wouldn’t be that close.
”How come your mate is an Alpha?”, Jade asked George.
George narrowed his eyes at Jade. Should he just kill her now and remove the risk of Alpha Edward finding out? And why was Jade blabbering in front of Doctor Travis?
Dawn giggled and hugged George. “He was lucky. Not everyone gets as his fated mate Alpha’s daughter.”
Travis’ hands paused for a moment. He knew Dawn’s parents and they were definitely not Alphas, but he didn’t want to meddle. While working as the main doctor in the pack hospital, Travis heard all kinds of secrets and he learned to keep them to himself. It was for his safety.
”Dawn, no…”, George said but Dawn gave him a comforting smile and he knew that she said that to conceal his identity. If Jade talks about how George’s mate is Alpha’s daughter, George won’t be targeted even if Alpha Edward hears about this, but it won’t change the fact that the old fart will covet Dawn.
”Alpha’s daughter?”, Jade asked suspiciously. She was confident that she knew everyone who was someone. “And who is your father if I may ask?”, Jade asked Dawn, thinking that maybe she is a child from an affair. It happens.
”You shouldn’t ask such questions.”, James said from the door with Cornelia one step behind him.
James arrived in time to hear Jade asking about Dawn’s background and he frowned at the people in the room.
Maya, Caden, Jade, Travis, Zina, George, and Dawn.
Where was Talia? Wasn’t she the reason why they came early from the human city?
”Talia and Damon went for a run.”, Dawn said, answering James’ question he didn’t ask aloud.
Zina and Dawn called Cornelia to the side to give her updates on what happened, and Maya and Caden tagged along because they wanted to hear it also.
James’ lips lifted into a smile as he comprehended the situation. This was perfect! Because of this summon, they left Petra, Erik, and Zack in the human city, and it was just him and Cornelia. Since Talia was well enough to go for a run, James and Cornelia can go to his room. Privacy. He will introduce Cornelia to the PlayStation and show her how to use the controller and they will be close and… Ah! He was getting hard already!
”Future Alpha James”, Jade called, and James’ smile fell as he turned to look at her suspiciously. What did she want?
”You need to help me clear up this misunderstanding.”
”I don’t need to do anything.”, James said dryly. “Who are you?”
Jade’s eyes widened. How was it possible that he didn’t know her? How embarrassing! She cleared her throat awkwardly. “I am Jade from the Silverfur pack. My father is Beta Milo.”
With James not saying anything, she continued. “I came here to…”
”She came to seduce Damon.”, George interjected. “Unfortunately, Jade assumed that Talia was Omega, so she showed her ugly face which earned her a punishment of staying in the Dark Howlers pack and working as Omega until she proves her sincerity.”
James understood that keeping Jade here meant containing the information leak. It was a smart move, but… “Why did she get to work instead of staying in the dungeon?”
”If she makes a mistake, she will end up in the dungeon.”, George explained.
”They want me to work. I am a model, Beta’s daughter. How can I work as an Omega? My hands will be ruined.” Jade’s expression was pitiful. She hoped that James will use his status to get her out of that mess.
”I see…”, James said thoughtfully. “So, what do you want me to help you with, Miss Jade? Do you expect me to justify why you came to seduce an Alpha who has his fated mate? Or do you want me to urge Alpha Damon to place you in the dungeon right away so that you avoid ruining your hands?”
Jade couldn’t believe this. What the heck was James talking about? She wanted neither of those! She wanted to go home!
—
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 599 Extortion (2)
Chapter 599 Extortion (2)
Jade was not sure if James was messing with her on purpose, or if he didn't understand the situation. But she chose to believe the latter because James was just a teenager, so she decided to explain, "When I came here, I didn't know that Alpha Damon found his fated mate. If I knew, I wouldn't act so freely." 
James didn't buy it. "Alpha Damon announced the pack run which he will lead with his fated mate during dinner that happened a week ago. I find it difficult to believe that you came here one day after the pack run and you had no clue that Alpha Damon was mated. They even marked each other, so even if I assume that you were completely oblivious to the news related to the place you came to visit, you should see the mark on his neck." 
Jade pressed her lips into a line. Yes, she heard about that dinner, but the ongoing rumors were related to Marcy being Damon's mate, and since everyone watched the live feed with Marcy announcing that she will be traveling the world, Jade assumed that the position was vacated. 
"But I…", Jade stopped talking when James narrowed his eyes at her. 
"Miss Jade", James called ominously. "Am I that young and na?ve looking that you are trying to manipulate me so that I jeopardize my relationship with the Dark Howlers pack? You are Beta's daughter, insignificant, and that's why your punishment is to do menial work. Bear with it for a few days, and you will be free to leave. However, I am the future Alpha and if I offend Alpha Damon, I will not only end up in the dungeon, but it could cause a war. Do you see the difference caused by our status? Before you try to swindle me to settle your petty grudges, think about the consequences of your actions. Alpha Adam will hear about this." 
Jade couldn't believe this. Why was James talking about war? And what will he say to Alpha Adam? Jade was trying to get out of this, yet why was she getting deeper? 
"What do you mean?", Jade asked. 
James straightened his back and looked down at Jade who was sitting on the sofa and getting a checkup from Doctor Travis. 
"As Beta's daughter, you should know better.", James said. "If your target is a regular member of a pack, no one would care. But your target was Alpha Damon. Even if your father didn't send you, it will look like he did. And now you tried to use me. I could brush it off, but the pattern of your behavior shows that you are prone to reckless actions that could cause war. It's in your best interest that you are punished now, than to allow for things to escalate. Depending on Alpha Damon's mood, I might need to involve my father in this. I am not an Alpha and I shouldn't play with these matters." 
George's words sounded in James's head through their mind-link, 'Damon will charge her for the offense of trying to seduce him, and for the service of educating her about how packs work. Can we use this situation to get some benefits?' 
James wanted to dismiss that idea. He didn't care about making the Red Moon pack richer. And if he asked for himself, benefits from the Silverfur pack will leave a trail that Alpha Edward can use to figure out that James was preparing resources for his life after everyone finds out that he is not of Alpha bloodline. 
But then James remembered who the woman in front of him was. Jade from the Silverfur pack, the world-renown model. Other than a successful modeling career that earned her a lot of money, Jade also recently launched her fashion brand, Starlight, and it was doing rather well. Now, that was something he could work with. 
"I will contact Alpha Adam and my father in order to clarify how the Red Moon pack had nothing to do with usurping the position of Alpha Damon's Luna. You attempted to make me your accomplice, but it didn't work.", James said. 
Jade felt the whole room spinning. The Red Moon pack will complain about her also? For the last few years, her father was nagging about how she should stop the modeling nonsense (how he called it), and he wanted her to stay home and find a husband, yet she brushed him off while saying that it was still early and hinting how Alpha Damon was interested in her. When Alpha Adam and her father find out that the two largest packs were complaining about her, it will be bad. Really bad. If her father doesn't skin her alive, Alpha Adam will. 
"Please, don't.", Jade pleaded with James. 
"I apologize, Miss Jade, but this is beyond you and me. What you did today is on a pack level. It's only right for Alphas to be aware of this, so that the right measurements can be administered. My father will need to send compensation to Alpha Damon to assure him that we mean no harm. But since it's all your fault, my father will ask Alpha Adam to make up for it." 
"Can we talk about it?", Jade asked desperately. 
"I don't know", James said while rubbing his chin. "I mean, if I skip reporting this and things escalate, I will get in trouble. Actually, you are asking me to be your accomplice by staying silent." 
Jade plastered a painful smile. "There must be something I can do to make up for your troubles." 
"Well, now that I see your sincerity", James drawled. "If you make it up for my trouble, I might agree." 
Jade blinked while eyeing James. He wanted her to make it up to him? How? What could a teenage werewolf want from her? Did he want to sleep with her? She was attractive and desirable, and James was a teenage boy with his hormones flaring. He was on the younger side, but… 
"What are you thinking?", James grumbled at Jade. He didn't miss her checking him out. 
"I was wondering about how I can make it up to you. I don't have much." 
"You have something that might work." 
Now Jade was confident that James was aiming for her body, but she still asked, "I do?" 
James nodded. "Starlight." 
Jade's face fell. "What?" 
"Twenty percent.", James said. 
"What?" 
"Twenty-five." 
"Are you nuts!?", Jade raged. 
"Thirty." 
Jade raised her arms toward James, indicating to him to slow down. "Wait. Wait. You want thirty percent of my company?" 
"Thirty-five. And every time you fail to agree, the percentage will go up." 
Jade couldn't believe this. Somehow, the idea of her sleeping with James sounded better. It would be one time and done, and none of them was made of soap to perish with use, but giving part of her company was permanent! 
"You are extorting me." 
James shrugged. "You can refuse, and I will call Alpha Adam. I'm confident that he will give me more compared to forty percent of Starlight, so as you can see, I am agreeing to cover for you at my loss." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 600 Extortion (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 600 Extortion (3) [Bonus chapter]
Jade gaped at James. Why did he make it sound like he was doing her a favor? 
And how did James know that Starlight was hers? Even her father didn't know as she was using an alias! 
But this was not the time for these questions. What were her options? 
Jade was already in a lot of trouble and if she adds James' complaint that will come with the weight of the Red Moon pack, Jade was confident that things will be bad for her. Really bad. She didn't care about werewolf wars and other nonsense, but what if her father locks her up at home? What if he marries her off to someone old and ugly? 
Jade cursed her luck and her decision to come to the Dark Howlers pack, and then she said, "Thirty." 
James cocked an eyebrow at her. "Forty-five." 
"Please. That's all I have.", Jade said and closed her eyes. "Forty." 
James knew that Starlight was the only company Jade had, but she had other assets. Even if he took the whole thing, she wouldn't starve, however, if he became the majority owner, he would need to be involved in the business, and he didn't want to meddle with the operations of a fashion company. 
"Forty-two and we have a deal.", James said. "If I ever decide to sell my percentage of Starlight, I will offer it to you first." 
Jade exhaled dejectedly. "Can you promise to keep to yourself that I'm the owner?" When James nodded in agreement, she said, "Fine." 
James extended his hand toward Jade, and she shook his hand grumpily. 
"Beta Caden!", James exclaimed. "We will need a lawyer and a notary to handle the transfer of ownership for a company…" 
Jade was distracted at the sight of four warriors that appeared at the door and based on what she overheard from the conversation between Caden and the newcomers, she understood that the warriors came for her. Now what? 
With every passing moment, Jade's regret for coming to the Dark Howlers pack was increasing. She thought that there was nothing to lose, yet she ended up losing her freedom, her assets, and they treated her like a homewrecker who came to cause a war. 
Wait! Didn't James ask her before who she was? If he didn't know who she was, how did he know that she owns Starlight? 
"Future Alpha James", Jade called. "Why did you ask who I was? If you were aware that I am behind Starlight, you knew of my identity." 
James cocked an eyebrow at Jade. "I couldn't connect the face with the name. If my sister was here, she might recognize you because she follows fashion. When you identified yourself, I remembered.", James lied with a straight face. How could he not know who she was? He survived so far by observing and collecting information that could be used at the right time, and this was the right time. 
So far, James was pretending to be ignorant and obedient in order to not attract the attention of Alpha Edward. Laying low was important for his survival. 
However, now there was Cornelia and James needed to think about her, and about their future pups. 
James couldn't believe this! Until a few days ago, he didn't think about women at all, yet now he was planning for a future with Cornelia that included pups! And he didn't hate that mental image, not even a little bit. 
James decided to use his position as the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack to accumulate resources and connections so that when he can't conceal his inadequacy anymore, he and Cornelia can disappear and not depend on anyone. That sounded perfect. 
'I will give you five percent from Starlight', James told George through the mind-link. 
George was surprised by this. 'Why?' 
'If you didn't disclose that Alpha Damon was extorting money from the Silverfur pack, I wouldn't come up with this idea. It's only fair that you get a cut.', James explained. 'Or do you think I should give you more? I won't go above ten percent.' 
George refused. 'That's generous, but I don't need money.' 
There was something else James could do for George, and that didn't have a price tag. George already thought of using James, that's why he covered up the fact that James didn't have Alpha aura. 
Unexpectedly, during this visit to the Dark Howlers pack, George and James grew closer and James even found out about George's real background. 
Now they were tied up by knowing each other's secrets. Well, at least some of them. 
George's initial plan was suicidal; he would kill Alpha Edward and he didn't care what will happen after that. However, now he had Dawn and he couldn't jeopardize her, so he needed to reevaluate his priorities. 
Could he give up on the revenge he was preparing for a decade and not have regrets? But Dawn said that she will support him and stand by his side, and George's plan needed modifications. Having James on his side will definitely increase his chances of getting rid of Alpha Edward without spilling too much blood. And James could ensure Dawn's safety when the time comes. 
George was fairly confident that James will help him, and the fact that the youngster was indebted to him can serve as additional motivation. 
'You don't need money? What do you want?', James asked. He knew that nothing comes for free. 
George smiled a little. 'I will let you know when the time is right.' 
James had an idea what George's intentions were, and James didn't care much about his father or the Red Moon pack because both of those were threats to him, but there was one thing James wouldn't compromise on. 
'As long as it doesn't put Cornelia in danger, you can count on my help.' 
George approved. 'We will need to collaborate to ensure our mates stay safe.' 
… 
Jade's checkup was done, and Doctor Travis excused himself. 
By now, Zina also left to work on lunch. She had two Omegas helping her out and it made her feel important but also nervous as hell. This was the first day for Stephanie to be absent from the packhouse, and Zina knew that if anything burned or it didn't come out well, it will be her fault. 
Cornelia went with Zina, to see if she can help with lunch preparations because James said that he needed to take care of some things. 
James was getting his affairs in order before meeting with the lawyer. There were a lot of things that needed to happen before Jade could put her signature to transfer forty-two percent of Starlight to James. 
James also wanted to add Cornelia to his current assets, and he was considering an idea of writing a will so that in case anything happens to him, Cornelia was taken care of. 
With Dawn and George making themselves scarce, Jade was left in the living room with Maya, Caden, and warriors that were standing in the hallway, out of sight, but Jade was aware of their presence; they were there for her. 
Maya and Caden were talking in low voices and acting like Jade was not there, and Jade's anxiety was rising. 
Was she really stuck to work here as an Omega? For how long? 
Surely, it can't be more than a day or two. But actually, staying longer had its benefits. 
If she stays composed, she will catch Damon in private, and they can talk and get closer and... who knows? She was confident that he will let her go from these pesky duties. Why would he keep her? He has so many other people available to do menial work. 
Jade remembered their date when they gazed into each other's eyes over a candlelit dinner and the steamy night after that... and Jade was confident that Damon would accept her fake-dating proposal if not for Talia. 
They were getting along fine before that wretched mate appeared! 
Jade pushed her anger down. Throwing a fit will only make things worse. 
Jade glanced around the room and her eyes settled on the oil painting that showed a meadow filled with wildflowers and mountains in the distance. "Now what? Do I start dusting off the paintings?" 
"Did anyone say you will be working in the packhouse?", Maya asked and Jade's mouth fell open. Now what? 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 601 Therapeutic outing (1)
Chapter 601 Therapeutic outing (1)
Jade looked at Maya while wondering if her ears malfunctioned. Did Maya say how Jade won't stick around in the packhouse? Jade was thinking about how to avoid working in the kitchen or bathrooms because water will ruin her hands, but it seems that she might end up in a worse place. 
"Where are you expecting me to work?", Jade asked Maya reluctantly. 
"Our Omegas are doing whatever is necessary. In order to work in the packhouse, a special clearance is required which you don't have, Miss Jade. The suitcase you left in the hallway is already in the place where you will be staying, someone will escort you there once you are done with duties for the day." 
Jade was afraid to ask for clarification related to the 'place where she will be staying'. Did they put her in some communal area where she will need to share a room with a dozen others? 
But Maya was still talking... 
"We had a landslide a few weeks back and several houses collapsed. There are ongoing efforts to clear the rubble and save whatever we can. You will join that crew." 
"Landslide?", Jade asked breathily. "Isn't that dangerous? What if I get hurt?" 
"Aren't you a werewolf?", Caden asked. "If an accident happens, you will heal in no time." 
Jade realized that talking won't get her out of this, and no matter what she tried, it was just getting worse. What kind of a place was this? 
Why did every female appear to be an Alpha? She never heard of such a thing! But even if she neglects the unreasonable females, Jade thought that the Red Moon pack will help her, and James not only closed that door, but he ended up extorting money from her. 
Who could help her get out of this pit of misery which somehow was getting deeper by the minute? Was she really stuck with work to clear up the rubble from a landslide? This was a nightmare! 
- - - 
Damon and Talia were sitting on the grass in the shade of a lonely oak tree, both facing the black marble gravestone that had engraved in elegant cursive names of Jacob Blake and Violet Blake. 
Damon and Talia were running through the forest without a particular destination in mind, and Talia's paws led them here eventually. 
Liseli and Sapa were quiet, both content after last night's mating, and letting Damon and Talia deal with their matters. 
The moment Damon and Talia shifted into their human forms, Damon produced an oversized t-shirt for Talia and sweatpants for himself so they were not naked, and here they were, at the eternal resting place of his parents. 
Talia stared at the gravestone and Damon sat close to her, without touching her because he didn't want to disturb her. He knew that she was fighting internal battles, and he hoped that his presence helped. 
Talia was thinking about everything that happened in the last few weeks, and she even remembered her time in the Red Moon pack, before Damon became part of her life. 
She was alone, concealing her presence in order to survive, and then Damon came, encouraging her to stop hiding. Sure, they both made mistakes along the way, but he was by her side, patiently waiting for her to step out of her shell and try something new, and he was always there to catch her whenever she stumbled. He was her rock. 
The only time he faltered was under the influence of the dark magic, and she couldn't blame him for it. 
"Mr. Blake, Mrs. Blake…", Talia broke the silence. "I hope you know that what you saw here last night, was not Damon's fault. He was under the influence of dark magic. Damon is kind and caring and he is taking good care of me. I am lucky to have him as my mate." 
Damon's heart tightened painfully. Not far from here, last night, on this same clearing, he pinned Talia down and treated her like she was not important, and now she was justifying his actions. 
"Kitten…", Damon said while reaching to hold her hand. 
Talia looked at their connected hands and she smiled a little when their fingers interlaced. 
"I just wanted them to know that they raised a good person. That's all.", she said. 
"I don't care about their approval." 
"You should.", Talia responded. "They left you early, but the time you had with them was precious. Cherish it. Not everyone has good parents." 
Damon's brows came together as he remembered that Talia told him how Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia were her parents. It's not that he didn't believe her, but it was difficult for that information to sink in. Two Alphas of a mysterious pack that was perfectly hidden gave their baby daughter away for… why would they do that? 
Damon didn't understand. Werewolves were hardwired to cherish their mates and their offspring, at least until they were old enough to fend for themselves. Sure, there were cases of parents going astray, but that was rare. 
Damon couldn't imagine how Talia felt when she found out that her parents abandoned her when she was a baby. She grew up alone, like an outcast, without anything and anyone to call her own, while her parents were alive and well and powerful. She even had a brother that grew up as part of the loving family that was hers, yet she never had it. It was twisted and sick. 
And then those same people tried to cripple him out of fear that he was getting too powerful. 
Damon realized that he was Talia's only family and his desire to protect her and give her only the best swelled within him. 
Damon regretted immensely his actions while he was under the influence of dark magic, and he ended up in that wretched state because of Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac! 
A low growl formed in the back of Damon's throat. "When are we going to the Midnight Guardians pack?" He had a lot of anger to vent, and those two Alphas were perfect targets. 
"Not today.", Talia responded. "Can we not talk about that?" 
"We don't need to talk at all.", Damon said while pushing a lock of hair behind Talia's ear. "We can stay here the whole day or not. Whatever you want, kitten. Did the run help?" 
Talia released a long breath while assessing her emotions. "A little bit." 
Damon leaned closer to Talia and extended his free arm around her. "Can I?" 
It took Talia a long moment to understand that Damon was asking for permission to hug her, and his insecurity hit her hard. 
"Don't ever… EVER, ask if you can hug me.", Talia said seriously. "Your proximity is essential for my sanity." 
Damon smiled and scooted closer to Talia. His arm wrapped around her, and she leaned on him. 
Talia turned to look at the gravestone. "See? Your son is wonderful. Damon knows how to take care of his mate. He is the one holding me together to prevent me from falling apart." 
"You do the same for me, kitten", Damon murmured into her hair and then he kissed her there. 
Talia took a few deep breaths and she pushed herself deeper into Damon's embrace, seeking the comfort his closeness provided. The sparks were there wherever their skin touched, and she greedily inhaled her favorite scent of the forest and the dark chocolate that had a therapeutic effect on her. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 602 Therapeutic outing (2)
Chapter 602 Therapeutic outing (2)
"I'm still nervous.", Talia said after some time. Even with Damon all around her, he couldn't dispel the uneasiness that twirled in the pit of her stomach, making her whole body tingle in unpleasant ways. 
"Do you want to run more?", he asked. 
Talia refused. "I need something more than running. How about we spar?" A second later, she shook her head while dismissing that idea. She didn't want to risk any of them getting hurt, and if they didn't go all out, it wouldn't help. 
Damon pursed his lips and then he got an idea. 
His arms moved under Talia, and he stood up while carrying her. 
Talia was not sure what he was up to, but his focused gaze and steady steps told her that he had a plan. However, why was he heading toward the cliff where the river was ending? 
"Damon?", Talia asked, now a bit nervous. "What are you up to?" 
"You will find out in a minute", he said, and her hands tightened around his neck on an instinct. 
Talia's eyes widened when she realized that he was walking straight for the edge, climbing the massive rock where the two of them were sitting the first time he brought her here. That rock provided a great view of the forest, valley, Darkbourne, and the waterfall below it. 
Damon pried Talia's arms from his neck and kissed the inside of her palms while putting her hands to rest on her stomach. 
"Do you trust me, kitten?" 
"Absolutely.", Talia responded right away while smiling at him stupidly. She loved those small kisses he would place randomly all over her body when she least expected them. 
Talia wondered, why were they there? Did he bring her to enjoy the view? It was a nice view, and they could sit on the rock, but Damon didn't seem to have any intention of letting her down. 
"Damon?" 
He pressed his lips into a line while steeling his resolve and then his knees bent. 
"Ahhhhh!", Talia screamed when Damon jumped off the rock with Talia in his arms without any warning. 
She just told his parents how he was treating her well, yet now he was murdering her! What the hell!? 
The moment Damon's legs parted from the rock, he flung Talia away from him and her arms flailed in an attempt to latch onto Damon, but he was far away. 
Talia panicked. This was it. He was set on killing them both! 
At that moment, Talia saw her life flashing in front of her eyes. 
But why were all of her mental images filled with Damon? 
Talia remembered a million moments with Damon, and she could see his expressions that were warm, tense, happy, anxious, cheeky, and naughty. Many of those moments included Damon and Talia naked, yet each of them was pure and unspoiled. 
Talia was struck with a realization how every moment with Damon felt right, and any shade that was thrown in there was because of other people. 
Didn't that mean…? 
Before she could finish that thought, Talia's body painfully jolted when harsh icy water surrounded her from all sides and the pressure from the waterfall kept pushing her down and throwing her in various directions. 
Intense clamor assaulted Talia's ears and the twirling bubbles and mud made it impossible to figure out which way was up, so Talia relaxed and allowed the currents to carry her. 
It reminded her of the first time she jumped into the waterfall, and she remembered all the rocks that were there. What if she hit one of those!? 
After the initial panic, Talia calmed down while repeating that the worst was over, and she probably won't die. At most, she won't be able to come out in time, she will run out of oxygen and faint, and emerge down the river to wake up eventually. 
A dreadful thought shot through her. What if Damon was hurt? What if he fell on a rock? Sure, he was strong and athletic, but no one can control his direction mid-air! Why did he act so recklessly!? 
Something hard wrapped around her waist and she felt solid warmth pressing on her back, dispelling her anxiety. 
Talia turned around and her hands sought to hold onto a firm body that she was familiar with. 
Damon found her, just how he did the last time… just how he promised that he always will. 
She stuck to him closely, mindful of not obstructing his arms and legs. She believed that he will take them to the surface on time, but she also didn't care if she loses the air from her lungs and faints because Damon was there, and everything was fine when he was by her side. 
'PAAAAAH!' 
They inhaled in unison as they emerged from turbulent waters, with the waterfall on one side, and the steep cliff on the other. 
As soon as she caught her breath, Talia kissed Damon with all her might, and he didn't delay in returning her kiss with equal fervor. They were alive! 
'Should I take this as, the jumping therapy worked and you feel better?', Damon asked her through their private mind-link. 
Talia looked at Damon with the intensity that made him hold his breath. 
'Make love to me, Damon. Remind me that I'm yours.' 
Damon's eyes flashed in surprise. He knew that Talia came out of her shell, and she was not a shy girl anymore, but when she boldly asked him to take her with that adorable blush on her face, it was the biggest turn-on ever! 
Talia thought that he will take her right there in the water, but he twisted his body so that his back was facing her, and she heard his voice in her head, 'Hold onto me, kitten.' 
Unsure of what he was up to, Talia put her arms on Damon's shoulders, and her grip intensified when she realized that he started climbing the cliff. 
Damon expertly found grooves between massive rocks for his fingers to slide into, and he pulled them both up with ease. Talia really admired his strength. 
They were about halfway up, and Talia stuck close to him because the water was now hitting her head, and then he said, 'Climb in first.' 
Talia looked up and blinked to see that Damon was holding onto the edge of a narrow opening among rocks. 
She used his body as a ladder and went in, and he was right behind her. 
It was a short tunnel, only a few steps long, and then it widened into a small circular cave that was illuminated by streaks of light coming in through gaps between rocks that also allowed for green leafy vines to dangle from above. 
Talia thought that she was in a place from fairytales. It looked magical. 
The walls were made of uneven rocks while the ground was a mix of rocks, mud, and moss. 
The ceiling was tall enough for Damon to stand straight and Talia wondered if he could touch it if he stretched his arms. 
The humidity was high, but it was not stuffy. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 603 Therapeutic outing (3)
Chapter 603 Therapeutic outing (3)
Talia looked around to see that there was a cot at the back of the cave, and protruding rocks were used as shelves made by nature that held some items: a blanket, a few towels, granola bars, cans of beer, and some other things Talia couldn't identify with a quick glance. 
"I used to come here when I didn't want to be found, and when I couldn't afford to go somewhere far away.", Damon's voice sounded over the clamor from the waterfall. 
Damon got a blanket and swatted it to smack the cot clean. The dust which rose made them both cough. 
"It seems you haven't been here for a while.", Talia stated the obvious. 
"About a year.", Damon said. He gestured toward the food. "I don't recommend eating those. If you like it here, we can get snacks for next time. We can make this our private hideaway. No one knows about this place. Not even Caden." 
Talia's heart swelled at the thought that this place was their secret, and suddenly she thought how it was cozy. As long as she was with Damon, any place was welcoming. 
Talia peeled the wet t-shirt off her body and flung it to hang on one rock that was sticking out from the wall. She enjoyed the way Damon observed her every move and the way his fingers twitched told her that he was eager to touch her. 
She walked to Damon and snaked her arms around his waist. "I am hungry now. Is there something else you can offer me as a snack?" 
Damon chuckled when he realized that she was talking about him. "Snack away, kitten. I am all yours." 
"I would prefer if you eat me up.", she said cheekily. "Make love to me, Damon. Make me forget about everything beyond what's in this cave." 
Damon hummed lowly and Talia threw her head back when his palms started moving over her sides. 
Damon's head dipped so he can kiss his mark on her neck. It was still pinkish, yet to form completely, and he wondered if he would need to bite her again. He never heard of mates needing to bite more than once for the mark to form fully, but his first bite didn't show at all, and this one looked like a light hickey with a vague pattern around it. This pointed to the possibility that if he bites her again, his mark will intensify. 
Talia moaned when his tongue moved over her neck, amplifying the sensation of his fingers teasing her flesh expertly. Damon's touch ignited the sparks that awakened every cell in her body, and it made her soul sing in search of his. 
Damon lifted her up like she weighs nothing and placed her gently to lay on the cot. 
Talia grabbed his sweatpants with urgency and tugged them down. Once her arms couldn't reach further because Damon was on top of her, she hooked her toes on the waistband and pulled the damp fabric all the way down. 
Damon kept his weight on his elbows and observed her with amusement. 
"Are you eager to feel me, kitten?" 
She had no intention of denying it. She needed him and she knew he could smell her arousal. "Yes." 
Damon licked his lips slowly. "From where should I start?" 
Talia lifted her hips to grind herself on his erection. "Please… I want to feel you. We can do the rest later." 
His half-smirk told her that was not going to happen. 
"Patience, kitten", he drawled, and his breath splashed on her ear. "Let me worship you. I will make you come until you can't form a coherent thought." 
Talia felt a wave of heat converging at her core. His words were scandalous, but what turned her on the most was that she knew he meant it, and she knew that he was capable of making it happen. 
Damon Blake was not only outrageously handsome Alpha, but he knew how to please a woman, and he was her mate. Only hers. 
Talia shut her eyes and enjoyed the sensation of his fingers caressing secret spots on her flesh, his lips that kissed and sucked all the right places, and his heat and strength… but the best part was that it was all wrapped in the emotions they shared through their mate bond. 
Love. Trust. Admiration. Lust. Devotion. 
It was all in there, pulling them closer with every heartbeat. 
Damon took his time arranging kisses over her body, and by the time he unlatched himself from her left breast, Talia felt like she was floating. 
"Ahh…", a lustful gasp escaped her lips when he kissed her right in the center of her drenched flower that was aching for his touch. 
She looked down to see that her body was low on the cot, her butt nearly hanging down from it. When did that happen? 
Damon was kneeling on the ground and holding onto her thighs to ensure she keeps her legs spread wide. His face was buried at the cradle of her thighs and his intense gaze didn't leave her eyes as his tongue moved over her clit in mighty strokes. 
He enjoyed watching Talia's flushed face between her breasts which were rising and falling vigorously as she desperately inhaled much-needed air. 
'I love to see you like that, kitten', Damon spoke into her mind while licking and sucking her down there. 'That's it… Let it out… Feel what I'm doing… Let your mate take good care of you…' And he had every intention of taking good care of her. 
The fact that Talia laid there naked for Damon to feast on was the proof that she trusted him completely and that only made him love her more. She was powerful and kind and shy and beautiful, and she allowed him to touch her everywhere. 
And right there, as he sucked on her clit, Damon knew that her mind was being emptied from anything that was weighing on it as the only thing she could focus on were the two of them and him caressing her sweet spots. 
"Damon… Damon…", she chanted his name wantonly while fisting his hair, as he pushed her closer to rapture with every stroke of his tongue. 
He listened to her gasps and wild heartbeats, knowing that she was almost there. 
Talia's cry was stuck in her throat when her body arched as the orgasm hit her full force and she saw stars in front of her closed eyes. 
She thought that Damon will cease his ministrations, but he had no such intentions as he gripped her hips and held her in place while greedily licking every drop of the citrusy-sweet nectar her body released. 
"Da… Dam…", she tried to tell him to stop because she was on the verge of passing out, but she couldn't get enough air to form a word. 'Damon! Please…', she switched to mind-link. 
'Just a bit more… bear with it…', he responded, and Talia's mind blanked out when he increased the pace and intensity. 
Every stroke of his tongue delivered another dose of cataclysmic sensation that made her whole body shudder in ecstasy and didn't allow her to come down from her high. 
Was he really set on killing her? The waterfall murder failed, so he will give her death by sex? 
Maybe that was not a bad way to go. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 604 Therapeutic outing (4)
Chapter 604 Therapeutic outing (4)
Talia struggled to breathe as she realized that she was not only staying on that high, but she was going higher. Was there higher? 
Her mouth opened in a soundless scream when a second orgasm pushed her to another peak, one that she never felt before, and she wondered if her soul was about to leave her body. 
Damon growled as he lapped at Talia's citrusy-sweet juices. The mate bond allowed him to feel her emotions and he thought that he will come right there with her. Damn! That was good. His chest swelled with pride. HE was good. 
Talia's whole body was numbly twitching in the aftershocks of the mind-blowing orgasm, and she barely noticed that Damon moved her to lay on the cot properly and that he was next to her, cradling her in his arms. 
"How was that for your mate treating you well?", he asked smugly, knowing very well that it was fantastic, but he wanted to hear her praise him. 
Talia blinked a few times, but she was unable to focus on his handsome face that was grinning at her. 
"Is that it?", she asked breathily. "I was hoping you will plunder my insides." 
"Ah!", she exclaimed when he flipped her over, so she ended up on her stomach, with Damon pinning her from the back. 
He spread her legs with his knees, to position himself there and she held her breath in anticipation when his chest pressed on her back as he pinned her under him. 
"I thought I should be nice and give you a breather", he growled close to her ear, and she could feel his erection prodding at her entrance down there. "But it seems you don't want one, and that's fine with me." 
Talia moaned loudly when he entered her in one mighty stroke, filling her up completely, and charging her insides with addictive sparks. 
She enjoyed his weight on her. It was enough to constrict her movements without being too much. 
She angled her hips so that her ass lifts up and he gets better access. 
He hummed in approval and used the gap under her abdomen to reach her breasts. He loved the way she filled his palm, and that hard bud at the peak was like a pleasure button that made her squirm whenever he pinched and twisted it. 
Outrageous sounds filled the cave as they moaned, groaned, and even the slapping of flesh against flesh could be heard over the clamor of the waterfall. 
Damon was lost in the sensation of Talia's insides clutching his cock. Everything about her was perfect and he didn't want to share her with anyone. She was his! 
A deep rumble formed in Damon's chest, and he pushed Talia's hair to the right so that he can expose the left side of her neck. 
He kissed and licked her there and Talia moaned wantonly. It was such a sensitive spot, and it urged her to get more, much more of Damon. 
"Harder... Harder...", she chanted, spurring him to increase his pace, but something was missing. 
"Mark me…", Talia breathed as he pounded himself inside her. "I want to feel your fangs in my flesh… I want to feel that I am yours… Claim me, Damon…" She wanted confirmation that she belonged to him. She needed a place to belong, and he was her home. 
Damon's fangs were already out, and her words confirmed that he shouldn't suppress his urges. 
Damon wrapped his arm around Talia's hair and pulled her back, making her body arch in a way that opened her up more for him to reach deeper from behind. 
Talia hissed at the sharp pain in her scalp. Damon was not gentle, but her whole body was buzzing, and gentleness was not what she was looking for. 
The friction of his cock entering her and pulling out was driving her mad, and she wanted to drown in that madness only Damon could provide. 
Damon's focus narrowed on Talia's neck that was now bared for him completely, all with that pinkish mark that stood there and called for him to strengthen it. 
"AHHH!", Talia's cry bounced off the walls of the circular cave and it drowned in the noise of the waterfall when Damon's venom entered her body, the intense heat threatened to burn her alive. 
Pain mixed with pleasure, rapidly reaching the critical mass, and Talia's insides burst into an orgasm that made her mind spin. 
Damon groaned into her skin, and she could feel him filling her up with his hot seed. The movements of his hips didn't stop even though they became jerky. 
For a brief moment, Damon was concerned if he was too rough, but Talia's emotions pouring into him told him that was just what she wanted. Actually, she wanted more and he was delighted about it. Next time. 
Damon was firmly latched onto Talia's neck and his chest was pressed on her back as his hips rocked into her, his one arm held her from below while the other one was pulling on her hair… Damon was inside her, above her, all around her, and she felt the comfort of knowing that Damon was right there where he should be, everywhere. 
'I love you, Damon…', Talia spoke into their mind link. 'I am yours. Don't ever stop loving me.' 
'I will never stop loving you, kitten.' Even through the mind-link, he sounded breathy. 'We will be together, forever. You are my only one, and I am yours.', he assured her and he knew that she needed to hear it. 
He slowly extracted his fangs out of her neck, happy that he got to mark her again. Will the mark be fully visible now? He was looking forward to tomorrow when he could confirm. Damon licked her wound to help it heal and he enjoyed the sensation of Talia's body shuddering under him. 
'You are mine. Only mine.', Damon said, and he pulled out so that she can turn on her back and face him. 
He loved seeing her flushed face after an orgasm when she glowed with the bliss he provided. He did that! 
Talia opened her emotions fully so that he can feel her happiness, and he did the same. 
One happiness amplified another, and their bodies started pulsating in a silvery glow that followed the rhythm of their matching heartbeats. 
Damon touched her cheek and observed that both of them were glowing. "It's happening again." 
"I told you. This happens when we are in sync." 
Damon looked around to see that the whole cave was illuminated by the silvery glow they created, and he was glad that it was midday because if this was night, the light show they created would definitely attract attention and his secret hideout wouldn't be secret anymore. 
Damon hoped that this silvery energy will help dispel the dark magic which seeped into Talia, or at least that it will suppress the darkness somehow. But regardless of any long-term effects, Damon could feel her emotions, and he was confident that right at that moment, Talia's happiness was untainted and that was all it mattered. 
Damon smiled wickedly. "If we are in sync, does that mean you want to spend the rest of your life here with me, having sex?" 
Talia burst into giggles, and she raised her arms to lace her fingers into his raven black hair. "That, my love… sounds wonderful." And then she lifted herself up to kiss him on the lips. 
His heart swelled at the endearment she used. Talia rarely called him anything other than his name, and that made it special. 
Talia gasped when he entered her without any warning. 
She was wet and sensitive from what they just did, and he was hard as he obviously didn't have enough of his kitten. He never had enough of Talia. She was addictive, perfect, and his, and he just marked her, again! 
"Well then", Damon drawled as his hips started rocking slowly. "We shouldn't delay the rest of our lives. Every. Minute. Counts." 
Talia embraced him with her arms and legs, happy that Damon was there with her, happy that he was there for her, and she wouldn't want it any other way. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 605 Plans for the evening [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 605 Plans for the evening [Bonus chapter]
Damon and Talia returned to the packhouse at sunset. They headed to their bedroom to tidy up before they came down for dinner, and the way they were connected at the hips told everyone that they worked out whatever was going on. 
No one mentioned Jade or any other pressing matter. It was like no one wanted to bother with negativity during the meal. 
When all the food was served, Zina gingerly joined the table at Talia's and Dawn's insistence. They were all friends and familiar with each other, but Zina thought that chattering in the kitchen was one thing, while dining together with guests present was another. 
Damon hovered around Talia who looked at him with hearts in her eyes, and he managed to keep her plate filled with food, to feed both her and himself, and whenever he had a free hand, he would reach for hers to hold it. The mood was so lovey-dovey, that others avoided looking at them. 
"Any plans for the evening?", Caden asked at a certain point. "How about we go to the Shifters? After everything we had in the last few days, we could all use some time to unwind." He turned to Talia and Damon. "And our people will appreciate it if their Alpha and Luna make a public appearance." 
Talia glanced at Damon who shrugged, indicating that it was up to her. 
Talia was attracted to the idea of dancing and having fun, and maybe they could get drunk as well. She wanted to let loose and have fun. Her enthusiasm dwindled when she remembered that since last night everyone in the Dark Howlers pack knew her as their Luna, and she was not sure how that changed things. Can Luna go to a nightclub and party like no one was watching? 
'Is it OK if we go there?', Talia asked Damon through their mind-link. 
'Why not?' 
Damon chuckled when Talia shared her concerns about appropriate behavior. 
"Kitten", he responded for everyone to hear. "If you want to go, we will go. If you want to drink, we will drink. If you want to dance, I will be your partner. This is your pack now and you can do whatever you want, and if anyone has problems with that, I will take care of it." 
Talia smiled foolishly at Damon's doting expression and she really hoped that no one noticed how his right hand was under the table, under her skirt, squeezing her thigh and caressing her there. 
"It seems we are going to Shifters tonight.", she said. 
Dawn was excited. She looked at George eagerly, and when he gave her a small nod, she announced, "The two of us are in." 
Mindy responded without consulting Gideon, "We will stay here tonight." 
"We can go if you want.", Gideon said. He had a feeling that she refused because of him. After all, how can a Shaman appear at the nightclub, and he previously told her that he was not into dancing. Gideon was worried that he was too boring for his pumpkin-infused princess. 
Mindy refused. "No. We should rest. We have an early start tomorrow." 
"What are your plans for tomorrow?", Talia asked, genuinely curious. Mindy told her that they won't return to their place because amenities were lacking, and with the pack run over, they didn't have any official work to handle. 
Mindy grinned. "We will move to the house you said we can use. It looks perfect." 
Talia's face exploded into a smile. "Really? That's great! We can get a few warriors to help you move stuff." 
Gideon approved the idea of getting help. "Tomorrow morning, we will go to our place and start packing. We will let you know when we are ready to move stuff." 
"If we can have help in the afternoon, that would be perfect.", Mindy already had a plan going. "After lunch sounds good. We won't pack everything until then, but we can move things in phases as the new place is furnished so tomorrow we will get only necessities." 
Mindy looked at Gideon questionably and when he approved, Mindy asked, "Can have someone help us prepare the soil for the garden in the new house?" She really liked the house and she hoped that it will work. It had space inside and out, and with guards securing the perimeter, they will have their privacy also. 
"That can be arranged.", Maya said. "Where are you moving to?" 
"The house where Marcy and George stayed after…", Talia's voice trailed while wondering if mentioning George and Marcy in the same sentence was disturbing to anyone. 
Dawn saw that Talia was looking at her apprehensively. "It's fine, Lia." She turned to Mindy. "That's a wonderful house. I'm sure you will be happy." She grinned at George. "On the upper floor, second room to the right, that's where I recognized this hunk as my mate." 
Mindy's brows came together to form a frown. Mindy knew which room Dawn was talking about because she and Gideon visited it earlier that day. If that's the room where Dawn and George recognized each other as mates, weren't they frisky in there? 
"Does that mean we need to replace the mattress?", Mindy asked. 
Dawn giggled. "I'm not sure about the mattress, but bedsheets definitely. And you probably don't want to use those pillows." 
Zina couldn't believe Dawn's cheeky expression. She enjoyed teasing Mindy, but Mindy was visibly uncomfortable. 
"Don't worry, Mindy.", Zina said. "By noon tomorrow, I will get you new mattresses and pillows in every bedroom. Just in case." 
Mindy looked at Zina gratefully. "Thank you. You are a sweetheart." 
Zina noticed that other than Petra, Zack, and Erik, Zina was the only unmated person at the table. And teens were underage, so they didn't count. 
"You should stick close to Talia so that you find your mate.", Mindy said to Zina. 
Zina didn't get it. "Talia will find me mate?" 
Maya nodded earnestly. "Malia always delivers. Satisfaction guaranteed. You should take advantage of this promotional period until we figure out the prices for services." 
"We need to call Lina and Tanya and figure out the logo, brand, and marketing strategy.", Mindy said with all the seriousness in the world, and Mindy, Dawn, and Maya started chattering about Malia, the mating service. They already mentioned the whole Malia idea to the Wilkow sisters who were interested in being a part of it. 
Talia waved dismissively. "Don't listen to them, Zina. They believe that I have the power to bring mates together." 
"You say you don't have it, and all mates here are proof that you do.", Dawn said. "Well, except for Maya and Caden." She turned to Zina. "Stick close to Talia, Zi. Worst case, you won't find your mate." 
Zina glanced in Talia's direction, and she didn't miss the dark cloud that was forming above Damon's head. Zina lowered her eyes and focused on the food that was in front of her. The worst case won't be that she doesn't find her mate; it will be that her Alpha puts her in the dungeon (or worse) because she will intrude on his time with Talia. 
By the time dinner ended, they concluded that Damon, Talia, Maya, Caden, Dawn, George, and Zina were going to the Shifters, while the rest had other plans. 
Zina was excited and she hoped that she will get access to that highly coveted VVIP booth that belonged to Alpha Damon. 
She knew that with the new position that Talia gave her, Zina was above Omegas, but this dining with everyone and then going to Shifters nightclub in the same group with Alpha, Luna, and Betas... it felt unreal. 
Mindy and Gideon said that they need to rest and plan for their move tomorrow. Teens were underage so they couldn't go to Shifters; Petra, Erik, and Zack went to Darkbourne to find themselves teenage-appropriate fun. 
Cornelia was eager to see what Shifter nightclub was, but she didn't feel it was right to go without James who couldn't go because he was underage. 
She hoped that James will say how they will join Petra, Erik, and Zack, but James said that he had other plans. 
Unsure of what to do, Cornelia ended up stuck in the packhouse. Again! But it wouldn't be proper if she went out without James who was right there. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 606 Financially securing a witch
Chapter 606 Financially securing a witch
Cornelia was not in a good mood. Instead of exploring this realm and checking out the human city, she spent most of her afternoon alone in the room, browsing on the tablet. 
James had no intention of neglecting Cornelia, actually, everything he did was with Cornelia on his mind. 
He was busy dealing with the necessary paperwork to transfer a portion of Jade's company to him, and he also wanted to secure Cornelia financially. 
James went to meet with the lawyer to discuss his plan and to provide the necessary information. That shouldn't take a lot of time. They would meet again when the lawyer prepares everything, and James only needs to sign the paperwork. 
Unfortunately, everything took much longer than James thought. 
Cornelia legally didn't exist in this realm so in order to name Cornelia as his beneficiary, James worked with Caden to produce identification documents for Cornelia. She needed an identity that will be valid when presented in front of humans. Luckily, the Dark Howlers pack had this in place as they created IDs for many refugees that came their way. 
Cornelia didn't understand what James was doing most of the afternoon, so she asked him about it after dinner, and she was not happy when he told her that he needed to meet with a lawyer (again!) later that evening. 
"Why?", Cornelia asked. 
"I want to give you full access to my assets and to name you as a beneficiary of my will. Documents are mostly ready, and I need to verify the information and sign them." 
"Why are you doing that?", Cornelia asked, and her expression darkened as James explained. It all sounded confusing, but one thing she understood was, "Are you planning to die?" 
"Of course, not.", he said. "However, I am not immortal and I will die one day." 
"You don't need to.", Cornelia said and James's eyebrows shoot up. Was she serious? 
He dispelled those thoughts and said, "It doesn't need to be death. Maybe I won't be around for other reasons and in case that happens, I want to know that you have access to my assets." 
Cornelia didn't like this. "Why does it feel like you are planning to leave me?" 
James was not sure if Cornelia's doubts related to him abandoning her were because of her initial disappointment when she realized that he can't feel the bond, or because she saw how werewolves are licentious, or maybe her insecurities went deeper than he could imagine. But he knew that he needed to assure her that he was not going anywhere. Not willingly, at least. 
"Cora", he called. "Imagine that the two of us live in your Coven, and then something happens to you. Wouldn't you want to know that I am taken care of?" 
Cora had difficulty seeing the problem. Witches were not materialistic, and they were not hoarding things. In their Coven, everyone did their part be it cooking, cleaning, harvesting, or weaving… they would eat how much was needed and practice magic, and that was it. She didn't understand the need of having money. Can you eat it? 
James realized that his hypothetical situation didn't have the desired effect. He tried another approach. 
"How about this scenario? We live in your Coven, and your sisters are not accepting me. I am a male and not a witch and none of them wants to get close to me. I get to eat and a place to sleep only when we are together. And then one day, you need to leave on a mission, and I can't follow. Will you be at peace while wondering if your sisters kicked me out?" 
Cornelia's expression changed. Her sisters wouldn't do that. 
Actually, if James was there and Cornelia was not close to protect him, Cornelia feared that her so-called sisters will try to get their hands on James. He was a handsome, healthy male, able to copulate and produce offspring. That's why Cornelia didn't want to take him to the Silver Flame Coven, but she didn't want to tell him that, fearing that James will be interested to go there when he hears how hundreds of attractive (and scarcely dressed) females will be available for him to pick from. After all, if James doesn't feel the bond, there will be nothing to remind him of fidelity. Will he abandon her? 
Unaware of Cornelia's thoughts, James was pleased to see Cornelia's face darkening which meant that she wouldn't be happy if he was in the Coven without her. 
"In case that happens, you will want to have something in place to assure I am safe. Right?" James waited for Cornelia's confirmation, and then he continued, "This is a similar thing. I have no intention of leaving you, Cora. And I have even fewer thoughts about ending my life before it's my time. However, accidents happen, and if it comes to that, I want to know that you won't be left to fend for yourself. Yes, you could reach out to Talia, Damon, and many others to help you, but money is a necessity if you want to be independent." 
"I thought that werewolves live in packs." Just as witches live in Covens. "Why do you speak of independence as a necessity?" 
James was embarrassed to say this, but he had to, "Because my pack is not a good place to be, and my family sucks. If I have a choice, I would leave, but I'm not reckless to put myself in a position where I won't have a place to sleep or what to eat." 
"If your pack is not good, why don't you stay here? This pack seems nice." 
James had to agree with that. The Dark Howlers pack was nice, however… "My father wouldn't let me go. If I stay here, I will attract trouble for Alpha Damon and his pack. If I leave in the near future, my father will accuse Alpha Damon of putting ideas into my head." 
"And that's why you are going back, to a no-good place.", Cornelia said solemnly. 
"Right.", James confirmed. "But it's temporary. We have two years to come up with a plan that will allow us to sever the connection with the Red Moon pack and to disappear without endangering anyone." 
"Since you have an exit plan in place, why do you need to give me access to your wealth?" 
James liked that she called it wealth. It was not much, but she didn't grasp the concept of money and assets, and he wanted her to think that he was mighty. 
"Just in case an accident happens.", James said with a smile and gave her a small kiss on her cheek. "I need to meet with the lawyer. You are welcome to join, if you wish." 
Cornelia refused. She gestured toward the tablet. "My time will be better spent learning." 
James wondered what she was learning about. He told her to stay away from social media because they are full of unreliable information, but even that was learning about human culture, so he let it be. 
"Cora", he called. "I know that today didn't pass as planned but I promise to make it up to you. I will be back in no time, and then we can do something fun." 
He kissed her again, this time on the lips, and then he rushed out of the room before he changed his mind and missed meeting with the lawyer who was already waiting for him.
###Chapter 607 There is always tomorrow
Chapter 607 There is always tomorrow
James returned to his room to find Cornelia sleeping on the bed with a tablet under her hand. 
He exhaled helplessly. He thought that meeting with a lawyer will take no more than half an hour, but it dragged for more than two hours. There were so many documents to sign, and it took much longer than he thought it will. Again. 
James kept the folder on the side table and pried the tablet from Cornelia's fingers, and then he sat on the edge of the bed and observed Cornelia's sleeping form. She was beautiful. 
He regretted that they didn't have a date, and they didn't spend the day alone either. But on the other hand, she was now his beneficiary, and she had her identification documents in order, and those were important. 
If James was a regular guy, none of those would be necessary, but the circumstances of his birth forced him to do many things that were not common for a person his age. 
James was a young boy when he realized that his father was not a caring parent like the ones he saw on the television. Alpha Edward was interested in results and maintaining his image of a strong Alpha, which meant that James needed to be strong and excel in his studies in order not to tarnish Alpha Edward's reputation. 
More than anyone else, James would be punished harshly whenever he lagged behind the schedule others set for him, so James made sure to meet expectations, so he doesn't end up in trouble. 
James was about twelve years old when he found out that he doesn't have an Alpha aura. 
At first, he was in disbelief. The guy testing it made a mistake! The equipment was defective! And then he panicked as the truth set in: he really didn't have an Alpha aura. 
But, what did that mean? Was he a faulty child or… was he not Alpha Edward's son? He already knew that his parents didn't practice monogamy, so the latter was highly possible. 
Everyone knew James as the son of Alpha Edward, the young Alpha of the Red Moon pack, the leader of the next generation of Alphas. That glorious image was crumbling in front of James' eyes as he could see his father disposing of him secretly in order to conceal the disgrace of raising an impostor as his own child. Heck, the old guy would probably make it look like one of his enemies did it, so that he can get some benefits! 
James was aware of Alpha Edward's personality. If James was not his son and didn't have an Alpha aura, it meant that James had no value, and he was in trouble. Big, big trouble. 
James wanted to flee, but where would he go? His father had spies everywhere and they could track him easily, and James fell into depression while thinking about harming himself. James was looking into ways to cripple himself and make it look like an accident. In that way, he can blame the injury on his lack of Alpha aura. 
Just before James did something irreversible, George showed up with a story about how there were cases of late bloomers where Aura shows later. 
James suspected that was a bunch of rubbish. He did his research, and he never heard of such a thing as late bloomers. James didn't understand why George helped him out, and in time he realized that George was not Alpha Edward's loyal dog as others portray him. 
Could James use George? He was not sure, so he decided to observe the youngest Commander. 
James was always wary of George, waiting to find out George's motives, which only made him more cautious about everything. 
He needed a plan, but time was passing quickly between training and studying, and the only consolation James had was that he was relatively safe until his eighteenth birthday. 
James' childhood was not a carefree one; someone was always watching him and waiting for the young Alpha to make a mistake. As James grew older, more and more people were looking his way and James knew about their intentions. They were wondering how strong he was, how smart he was, and how much they can use him to get to Alpha Edward and then to the Red Moon pack. James pretended not to see any of those, but the tension was intensifying by the day. 
James was sixteen years old now, and not a na?ve child. He survived so far by doing enough, yet not too much to stand out. However, now that he found Cornelia, James knew that things would need to change. 
He needed to provide for her, and he will need to protect himself and his mate. Was he strong enough for that? Probably not. He was desperate for allies, but the trick was that the more people knew about Cornelia, the bigger was the possibility of Alpha Edward finding out about her. 
James needed to be smarter than ever, or everything might collapse. 
James saw the lawyer's confusion when they were putting the will together and how everything will go to Cornelia Silver (the name on Cornelia's documents). However, the guy was not nosy, and James hoped that Caden was right about the lawyer knowing how to keep secrets because if this reached Alpha Edward's ears, a lot of people will be in trouble. 
James released a long breath and looked at his chocolate-colored beauty that was sleeping peacefully. His good mood about settling the paperwork was spoiled at the thought that he neglected his mate. Again. 
James knew that Cornelia was curious about the world, yet because of him, she stayed in the room. He hoped that she will forgive him, and he decided to address her needs as his highest priority going forward. 
Even if Heaven collapses, tomorrow, they will go on a date, and he will treat her as a lady worthy of admiration and respect, and give her only the best of things. 
James got up and swiftly changed into sweatpants and a cotton t-shirt. He brought those for training, as he would usually sleep in his underwear (or nude), but because of Cornelia, James decided to cover up while sleeping so he doesn't make it awkward for her. But once they go all the way, he will definitely NOT wear any sleepwear, and he won't allow her to cover up either. He will cover her up, with his body. He liked that mental image. 
Slowly, very slowly, James lifted the blanked and scooted under it to join Cornelia. 
The moment their bodies touched, Cornelia moved, and she ended up with her head on his shoulder. 
James loved that Cornelia gravitated toward him in her sleep. Was that their mate bond showing her the way? He liked to think so. 
James buried his face in her hair and took a deep breath, allowing the sweet scent of wild berries to fill his system. It was appetizing and it made him think of Cornelia's addictive flavor he tasted while they kissed earlier that day. 
His crotch area tightened as he thought about how she would taste when he kisses her on her lips down there. James never went down on a woman, but while thinking of Cornelia, he really wanted to bury his tongue between drenched folds, and… he groaned and moved sideways to adjust his erection. 
James and Cornelia didn't go on a date, nor spent the day alone, but they were together now, and they had tomorrow. They definitely had tomorrow, and that was a good thing. 
With those thoughts, and Cornelia in his arms, James closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep.
###Chapter 608 Back at the Shifters nightclub (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 608 Back at the Shifters nightclub (1) [Bonus chapter]
Talia and Damon stood on the elevated platform at the entrance to the Shifters nightclub that provided a good view of the space and the crowd that filled it. 
Maya and Caden were on the left, and Dawn and George were on the right, both a step behind Damon and Talia, showing non-verbal respect for their positions as Alpha and Luna. 
Zina was also with them in the group, and now she really felt that she was dateless. If Talia had any power to attract mates, Zina hoped it will take effect soon. 
It took a second for people in the nightclub to start nudging each other as they turned toward the elevated platform, and it seemed that even the music quieted down. 
This was not Talia's first time in the Shifters nightclub, but the place looked more packed than ever before. 
'Most of the crowd is from the Dark Howlers pack.', Damon spoke to Talia through their private mind-link. 'Last night the Shifters was closed due to the pack run, and people came here tonight to make up for it and to celebrate their Luna. Many businesses in Darkbourne closed early and some suggested that the day of your Luna ceremony be a holiday.' 
Talia's insides trembled from anxiety and she hoped it didn't show. Why was everyone looking at them? 
Damon lifted her hand to his lips and kissed the back of her palm, right there, for everyone to see. 
'Our people want to welcome you.', Damon said. 
Talia was not sure if the crowd was welcoming because they were just looking at her. 
Damon raised his head and his howl was louder than the music. 
"AWOOOO!" 
Before his howl ended, the whole nightclub shook with the uproar of howls, claps, whistles, and cheers. 
'They are happy you are here.', Damon spoke into Talia's mind. 'Do you want to respond to them?' 
Talia looked at Damon apprehensively. All that was for her? She didn't have the pack mind-link to peer into their thoughts and emotions, but she could see that they were smiling, and the mood was good. It didn't seem right for her just to stand there and not reciprocate. But… Should she start shouting? Or howling? Nothing seemed appropriate. She was the quiet type. 
Seeing her reluctance, Damon said, 'Let's do it together. One, two…' And he opened up for her to feel his excitement and pride, but mostly happiness. 
Talia gasped for air as emotions swelled within her, and then both of them howled, "AWOOOO!" 
The crowd in the nightclub was jumping and the noise increased further when Damon raised Talia's hand that he was holding, high above their heads, and Talia was confident that all eyes in the club were on them. It was nerve-wracking and heartwarming at the same time. Somehow, this noisy bunch of people made her feel welcome. 
Damon pulled her closer and gave her a mind-spinning kiss as the crowd below them exploded in another wave of noise. Damon smiled into the kiss. He was enjoying it. 
People were visibly excited, but they were all orderly as they parted to open up a path for their Alpha and Luna to reach their VVIP booth. 
Talia met many eyes that observed her with curiosity, and she was pleased with herself that she projected confidence. Damon's proximity gave her the courage to stand tall, and she didn't want to disappoint him by shrinking and appearing insecure. As Damon's Luna, she needed to show the Dark Howlers pack that she can take care of their Alpha and of the whole pack. 
They all sat on sofas in pairs, except for Zina (she didn't have a pair). 
Zina wanted to leave and mingle, but at the same time, the appeal of being in the VVIP booth was urging her to stay. 
"How about we go to the bar for some girl-time?", Maya suggested. 
Talia glanced at Damon, silently asking him what was going on. 
'Caden and I want to talk to George.', Damon spoke to Talia into their mind-link, and Talia understood that this might be something for Dawn not to hear. She was curious but she knew that Damon would give her a heads-up if he could. 
"Sounds like fun.", Talia responded to Maya, and Dawn and Zina followed. 
… 
Zina, Dawn, Maya, and Talia sat at the bar in the Shifters nightclub, each with a colorful cocktail that Katya personally prepared for them. 
Pierce, Liam, Caleb, and Lulu found them quickly. They saw them entering the club, but they didn't dare go into the VVIP booth without invitation. But now that the ladies came to the bar, they decided to approach them. 
Sandy was in the pack hospital, giving Keith company for the evening. They were taking turns so that Keith was not bored while waiting to be discharged. 
"Guys, why do you look like you are guarding Talia?", Lulu asked while eyeing Pierce, Liam, and Caleb who were standing to form a protective half-circle around Talia as she was sitting on the barstool. 
"We are her guards.", Liam responded matter-of-factly. 
"You don't need to do this.", Talia said. 
Caleb shook his head. "Do you think that Alpha will forgive us if anything happens to you and we are around?" He leaned closer to continue in a lower voice, "Besides, standing next to Luna is increasing our popularity." 
Talia laughed at Caleb's cheeky expression. 
Pierce ordered a round of shots to toast for their Luna, and the mood became lively quickly. 
… 
In the VVIP booth, George was going through the folder that Caden gave him. It contained information about Penelope Faith, twenty-two years old daughter of Alpha William Faith from the Night Sentinel pack. 
When looking at the number of pack members, the Night Sentinel pack was the third pack in North America. However, their influence was not significant as they were sixth in terms of the military and fourth in terms of economy, and they were ranked eleventh when looking at the size of their territory. But they couldn't be dismissed as insignificant either because Alpha William formed various alliances with other packs, and one of those was with the Red Moon pack. 
George flipped through the files that were in the folder to see pictures and information on Penelope Faith. Her education, hobbies, friends, favorite foods, music, books she likes to read… it was detailed. 
"I assume there is a reason why I'm looking at this.", George said. 
Damon took a sip of whiskey from his glass before responding, "We are watching movements of Alpha Edward. His interaction with the Night Sentinel pack increased in the last few weeks, and our spies confirmed that he is putting an extra effort for Penny to attend James' sixteenth birthday." 
George cocked an eyebrow as he picked up something amusing. "Penny? Are you so close to the daughter of Alpha William to address her by a nickname?" 
Damon froze and cursed at himself silently. These small things will get him in trouble! 
Actually, he forgot about Penelope as she was one of many, but when he saw the blonde in those pictures, and her name in the files, he got a flashback or two. 
Should he tell George how Penelope was one of his bride candidates that he explored thoroughly about two years ago? It was one night and a number of unanswered texts and voicemails. Damon decided not to share those details. His past was not important. Damon was glad that Talia was not nearby because he didn't want to risk another meltdown. 
Damon cleared his throat. "The point is that Miss Penelope will attend James' birthday party. I suggest you keep an eye on her. We know that Alpha Edward is trying to secure his alliances through marriages." 
George didn't understand why he should be concerned with that woman. For years, there were many females buzzing around James, but it was nothing serious because… "Alpha Edward won't pressure James to choose his mate before his eighteenth birthday." 
"I was not talking about James.", Damon said, and seeing George's confused expression, Damon clarified, "I'm sure you know that there is a shortage of unmated young Alphas who are willing to mark a chosen mate, so ambitious ones will target the next best thing. You are the youngest Commander of the Red Moon pack, with the position just below Beta Raymond. Officially unmated. Available." 
George's eyes nearly popped out of their sockets when he realized, "Are you saying that Alpha Edward wants to set ME up with this woman?" 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 609 Back at the Shifters nightclub (2)
Chapter 609 Back at the Shifters nightclub (2)
"We are not sure why Alpha Edward is so eager for Penelope to attend James' birthday party.", Damon said to George. "However, other than being easy on the eyes, and having Alpha for her father, she doesn't have much going for her. As you said, James is too young to choose his mate, and it doesn't make sense to ask them to date for two years. On the other side, Alpha Edward doesn't know about Dawn being your mate, which makes us believe that he will match you with Penelope. But even if our guess is false, you should keep an eye on Penelope because she will be there, and she will come with an agenda." Damon's brows came together. "And I don't need to remind you to keep Dawn safe." 
George rubbed his forehead with force. 
George was planning to bring Dawn with him to the Red Moon pack and conceal her existence from Alpha Edward. Estelle and other people who are close to George would know that Dawn is his mate, but he didn't want her to draw attention to herself. 
The thing was that if Alpha Edward hears that George found his mate, even if George tells him that Dawn is insignificant Omega, she came from the Dark Howlers pack and the old guy might want to meet with her. George wanted to avoid that. 
Asking Dawn to keep a low profile would be inconvenient, but only temporary until George finds the right time to issue an Alpha challenge to Alpha Edward. Per George's plans, it shouldn't be more than two-three months until everything is ready, but if Alpha Edward starts pushing women into George's lap, and George refuses them, Alpha Edward will figure out that something was off. 
Ah, this was a problem! 
There was an option for George to say how he was not interested in other women because he found his mate, but Alpha Edward was known to be sick and greedy; what if he tries to harm Dawn or eliminate her in order to make George available? Or what if Alpha Edward finds out that Dawn is an Alpha female and tries to take her for himself? 
George was not sure what to do. It would be safer if Dawn stays in the Dark Howlers pack, but no matter what the best choice was, the mate bond urged them to stay close, and if they separate, both of them will suffer. 
"Don't make any decisions without talking to Dawn. She is smart and strong, and most of all, she is your mate. It happened for a reason.", Caden said. 
George nodded gratefully, and then he asked, "Is there something else, or can we join the girls?" 
Caden took the folder with information on Penelope Faith. "You can get a copy of this if you want." And then he gestured toward the bar, indicating that George can join his mate. 
George downed his drink and turned to his right. "Will you…" His question was cut short when he realized that Damon was not there. Where did he go? 
Caden chuckled. "Damon left a while ago." 
Actually, Damon left after delivering the threat about how George needs to keep Dawn safe. Those words reminded Damon that he needed to keep Talia safe, and he couldn't stay away from her anymore. 
… 
At the bar, Dawn and Zina were chattering with Talia's five guards excitedly. Their new statuses made them all feel important. 
Talia was sipping her drink while thinking how this was different. Wherever she looked, Talia met gazes directed at her that were full of curiosity; some held admiration, some were happy, but none were mocking or malicious. Talia concluded how that was because now they knew she was Damon's fated mate and their relationship was serious. 
Well, at least no woman will dare to come and talk to Talia like she was Damon's temporary entertainment. 
Talia was concerned about she-wolves that were coveting Damon. Will they give up, or become craftier in getting close to him? Whichever it was, Talia hoped that they won't try anything funny because she didn't want to send any more women into the dungeon. 
At the thought of the dungeon and women, Talia remembered Nora. George and James were not interested to discuss Nora's situation, as none of them liked her, and Talia feared that they will head to the Red Moon pack and leave Nora behind. She didn't want to keep Nora in the dungeon forever and letting her out didn't sound good either. The right thing would be to send her to the Red Moon pack, but the transportation seemed to be a problem. Talia shook those thoughts away. Surely, Damon will come up with something and they will get rid of Nora. 
Talia glanced toward the VVIP booth, and she wondered what Damon, George, and Caden were talking about. It took a while. Talia measured her time at the bar as: four shots, one cocktail, and one beer. 
She wanted to check on him. Should she go there? 
Talia remembered one thing. Their mind-link! 'Are you done with your secretive thing?' 
'Almost', Damon responded. 'Are you missing me?' 
'Immensely.' 
"Good thing that I'm close." His breath splashed on her ear. 
Talia's eyes sprang open and then she jerked to face him. She was lost in her thoughts, and she missed that the chatter around her quieted down. 
Maya, Dawn, Zina, Lulu, Liam, Pierce, and Caleb saw Damon approaching, but none warned Talia. They were all watching them with amused smiles on their faces, obviously entertained by seeing Damon cheekily sneaking on Talia, and Talia couldn't blame them. It was a rare sight for Damon to be so playful in public, and Talia was happy to know how that was because of her. 
"Hey, handsome, are you here to buy me a drink?", Talia asked Damon. 
Damon chuckled. "It will be my honor to treat such a beautiful lady." 
Talia cocked an eyebrow at him. "Oh?" 
Damon nodded earnestly. "I feared that the hottest female in the nightclub will reject me, but it seems I passed her test because she called me handsome." 
Talia burst into giggles at Damon's shameless flirting, and she snorted a bit while inhaling. Was she drunk? Yup, she was. 
Maya announced that she will join Caden. He mind-linked her so she knew that he was waiting for her in the VVIP booth. 
Dawn was quick to follow Maya. She wanted to go to George. 
Halfway to her destination, Dawn stopped abruptly when someone grabbed her wrist. 
"What the…?" Her frown immediately turned into a bright smile when she noticed that the hold was charged with sparks. It was George. 
Dawn's smile fell when she realized that his emotions were unstable. 
"What happened?", Dawn asked. 
George wrapped her in his embrace and buried his face in the crook of her neck. 
"Dance with me", he said, and they started swaying on the tune of their own. 
Dawn realized that George's mood was probably due to something that Damon and Caden told him, but this was not the time to ask questions. 
She hugged him tightly with, "No matter what's coming, we will deal with it together." 
George's heart jolted. Those were the words he hoped to hear. 
"I am lucky to have you.", he said. 
Dawn smiled dreamily. She was the lucky one. Her mate was better than she ever imagined him to be. 
Dawn was on cloud nine, she was dancing with George. There were no fancy moves involved, but it was their first dance, and that made it special.
###Chapter 610 Back at the Shifters nightclub (3)
Chapter 610 Back at the Shifters nightclub (3)
At the bar, Zina rushed to finish her drink, and then she spoke to Liam, Pierce, Caden, and Lulu. "Now that Alpha is here, we should make ourselves scarce so that the couple can enjoy their evening." 
Zina had already seen a lot of public display of affection during dinner, and she couldn't stomach any more. But she was happy for Talia. 
Zina grew up in the Dark Howlers pack, and she was two years younger than Damon, so she knew him pretty much all of her life, and she never saw Damon so lovey-dovey. It was the way it's supposed to be when fated mates are together. Zina hoped that rumors about Talia's powers were true and that soon she will find a man who will look at her like that because now that her bestie (aka Dawn) found her mate, Zina felt lonely. 
Damon didn't take a seat at the bar. He was standing next to Talia and stared into her eyes that were slightly unfocused and sparkling from the alcohol that coursed through her system. She was beautiful. 
"What are you thinking about?", Talia asked. 
"You.", he responded. 
"What about me?" 
"Many things." Naked mostly. 
"Like?", she persisted. 
Damon leaned to speak close to her ear, "I'm thinking how ravishing you look tonight. I wonder if I will be able to tear that dress in one move, or if it will need two. Should I tell everyone to scram so that I can take you on this bar counter, or maybe we can go in the car, or would you rather do it in the forest? Restroom stall? Or we could sneak into Katya's office..." 
"Please, stop.", Talia said breathily. Somehow, she could see graphic images in her mind and it took her a few long seconds to realize that Damon was sending them to her. Naughty Alpha! 
Her eyes moved to his lips and then she glanced at the bar counter. "Can we really do that?" 
Damon burst into a laugh. "We can do whatever you want, kitten. As long as you are willing, I am available." 
He stepped closer to press his crotch area on her hip and to make a point that he was hard and ready. 
"Should I request for the club to be emptied?" 
Talia was speechless. Tempted but speechless. "No.", she responded after an intense internal struggle. His proposition was enticing, but she would die of embarrassment because people will probably know why the club was emptied. 
Her face lit up with mischief when she got an idea. "Not here, but we have a bar at home. Don't we?" 
Damon's eyebrows rose in slow motion, together with his lips that formed a smile like there were strings attached and someone was pulling them up. 
"Should we go home then? Can you walk, or should I carry you?" 
Talia burst into giggles. She really loved when Damon was carefree and playful. 
"We came here to drink and dance.", she said and swayed a bit on the chair. "Maybe I had enough of drinks. I'm not sure if I can dance." 
"You can drink as much as you want, kitten.", Damon said. "Have fun and don't worry about anything else because I'm here. If you want to dance, I will make it happen." 
Talia smiled at him foolishly. Yes, she was drunk, but she was more drunk on happiness because Damon was by her side, looking at her like she was the only woman in the world, and THAT was all it mattered. 
Talia finished her drink and demanded, "Let's dance." 
"As you wish", Damon said, and he chuckled when he saw her tripping over her own feet. He didn't let her fall as he held her close to him. 
Talia leaned on Damon and his hold was solid as they swayed on the dancefloor. 
Her body was limp, and she moved with him while humming a tune. 
Damon chuckled and pressed his lips on her forehead. 
His kitten wanted to dance, and he was determined to make it happen, even if he needed to dance for the both of them. 
… 
Lulu arrived at the pack hospital, and she slowly opened the door of Keith's room. 
The light was off, and she was not sure if they were sleeping or not. It took her a few seconds to get used to seeing in the dark and to spot Keith on the hospital bed and Sandy lying on the sofa. 
Keith was sleeping, but Sandy was looking at the door. 
"You are early", Sandy said while checking the time. 
They were taking turns in keeping Keith company while he was in the hospital, and Lulu was supposed to come at midnight, yet it was barely eleven o'clock. 
"Shh…", Lulu waved at Sandy to keep it down in order not to wake up Keith. 
"He is not sleeping.", Sandy said. "We were talking until a minute ago." 
"You can turn on the light. I was just resting my eyes.", Keith said, and a second later Lulu flipped the switch that illuminated the room. "I don't need company. I will leave in the morning." 
Keith was perfectly fine, and Doctor Travis told him that he can leave, but that was late in the evening, and Keith thought that there was no point in heading home. 
Keith's plan was to sleep in the hospital and from there head to the packhouse in the morning. Damon told him that they will discuss the current dangers Talia is facing after breakfast. It was Keith's first task as Talia's head guard and he was taking it seriously. 
Katya already brought him a change of clothes, he had an attached bathroom, the room was spacious and clean, the bed was fully adjustable and there was a button for him to call nurses to bring him food and whatever else he might need. It was like a luxurious hotel, and Keith would take this chance to relax and think about things, but somehow he ended up always in the company of people who thought that he needed to be entertained. 
Keith paused at the outfit Lulu was wearing. It was a sparkly black tank top and a red miniskirt, and she had a black leather purse and matching shoes with stiletto heels that made her long legs appear even longer. Lulu's clothes were tight and even though her important parts were covered, nothing was truly hidden. 
"I think Lulu is here to tell you that there is a party, and she won't come tonight.", Keith said to Sandy with amusement in his voice. 
Lulu needed a moment to realize that Keith was looking at her outfit. "No. No. I'm coming from Shifters, that's all." 
"Did they close early? Or did something bad happen?", Sandy asked. Leaving Shifters before two o'clock in the morning is considered early. "In any case, you had time to go home, change clothes, and come here before midnight. Or did you come here like this with an intention to seduce Keith?", Sandy said teasingly. 
There was a time when Sandy thought that something was going on between Lulu and Keith, but neither of them acknowledged it and Keith was no more than his polite self, so Sandy assumed that it was Lulu's one-sided crush. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 611 Talia’s head guard (2)
Chapter 611 Talia's head guard (2)
Lulu rolled her eyes at Sandy's comment about seducing Keith. "Why would I change clothes? Is something wrong with this? I'm not going to exercise, and these are comfortable enough for the night. Not everyone is like you." 
"What's wrong with prioritizing garments that don't restrict movements? Can you even run in that skirt?" 
Keith looked away from them. He didn't care about Sandy's sweatpants and a sporty t-shirt, nor about Lulu's tight tank top and miniskirt. He wanted them gone. Or at least quiet. 
Keith's ears perked up when he heard Lulu talking. 
"When I left Shifters, Alpha Damon and Talia were dancing. They clung to each other and kissed like no one was watching. I was not needed, so I thought of coming here before I get too drunk and forget about spending the night with Keith." 
Keith's irritation rose. Did she need to bring up the point of how Talia and Damon were lovey-dovey? 
"How much I know, we are off duty.", Keith said dryly. "Did you go to Shifters to have fun, or to watch Alpha and Luna? Please, don't skip an evening of fun on my account. Both of you can leave. I plan to sleep." 
Sandy was on her feet, packing her things into a small backpack, and Lulu plopped on the sofa that Sandy vacated. 
"Why are you sending me away? Is it a problem if I crash here for the night?", Lulu asked Keith with a pout while arranging the pillows for her to rest her head on. There was a blanket as well. 
Keith didn't want to talk about it. "Do whatever you want." 
On her way out, Sandy asked, "Should I turn off the light?" 
"Yes.", Keith responded. 
"Let me know what happened after your meeting tomorrow.", Sandy said, turned off the lights, and left. 
"What meeting?", Lulu asked. 
"Alpha Damon called me to the packhouse in the morning." 
"Just you?", Lulu continued probing. 
Keith was not sure. "I assume that Talia, Caden, and Maya will be there." 
"Does that mean you are our leader? Or are you in trouble?" 
"From today, I am the head guard for Luna Talia.", Keith said with pride in his voice. It was not announced, but it was not a secret. Soon, everyone will know. 
"Who made you the boss?", Lulu asked. 
"Alpha Damon." 
"Does he know about your feelings…?" 
"Lulu!", Keith exclaimed, not allowing her to finish that question. "My feelings have nothing to do with my ability to protect Luna." 
Lulu felt that she stepped on the invisible line, so she didn't press this further. "If you say so." 
Keith placed his forearm over his eyes as an indication that he wanted to sleep. The room was dark, but he was confident that Lulu can see him. 
Seconds trickled in silence, and Keith relaxed with the thought that Lulu gave up on chatter. When she came into Keith's room, he picked up perfume and alcohol, so he assumed that she fell asleep on the sofa. He didn't mind her presence. 
Lulu was a hardworking warrior, but her mouth had no filter. She would say whatever was on her mind and sometimes it would come out crude. Lulu's mother passed when Lulu was young, and she was living with her father who doted on her, hence she didn't get much disciplining as a child. It was not that Lulu's way of talking deviated from other werewolves, but she had a problem holding back when it came to interacting with superiors. 
In a pack, talking smack about Alpha and Luna can be considered treason, similarly to how talking back to superiors in the army is considered insubordination. 
Keith wondered if Lulu was jealous of Talia. Well, any she-wolf would want to be in Talia's shoes and become Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. That position came with affection from Alpha Damon, and Talia being Damon's mate meant that she was a queen. Would Lulu do something about it? Keith didn't think so. 
Keith's thoughts wandered to the upcoming meeting. Damon said how Keith will find out about the dangers Talia was facing, and Keith tried to think what they might be. 
Was Talia in danger because she was the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack? Keith had difficulty wrapping his head around that information, but… don't those guys have mystical powers? If that's the case, wouldn't they be better equipped to guard Talia? Suddenly, Keith felt inadequate. He will train harder to assure he can keep Talia safe. 
Keith didn't understand why Talia's well-being became his obsession, but his choices were to go with it and see where it will lead or to fight back against the urge to stick close to Talia. He reminded himself many times to keep his distance and not act too friendly, knowing that Talia won't approve, and Alpha Damon will skin him alive, but staying away was creating painful knots in his stomach. 
He decided to use this inexplicable urge as a motivation to keep Talia safe. 
Keith didn't get it. What kind of dangers could Talia face that Alpha Damon thought she wouldn't be able to handle herself or with him? Why would she need guards? 
She was the Alpha of the mysterious Midnight Guardians pack! 
It was common knowledge that Alpha females were coveted, but once mated, others would step back. 
Everyone respected the mate bond because it came from the Moon Goddess, but the truth was that no one understood what it actually does to a person until they experience it. Love stricken is a mild expression for what a werewolf goes through when he (or she) meets his mate. 
Keith remembered Damon hovering around Talia in the gym, and how he chased away Keith during the Summer Solstice festival, and many things fell into place. Damon was always indifferent or rude toward females, just as he was acting with Talia on that clearing before they dispelled the dark magic, but Keith couldn't deny that when Talia and Damon visited him in the hospital, Damon was caring and gentle with Talia. 
Another thing bugged Keith. He was confident that Damon was aware of Keith's affection toward Talia. Why did he appoint Keith as Talia's head guard? 
The more Keith thought about these, the more questions popped up, and he was not getting any answers. 
Keith jolted when he felt a warm palm on his hand. He was so consumed with his thoughts that he didn't notice Lulu approaching him. 
Keith removed his arm that was covering his eyes so that he can see her, and he paused when he realized that she was topless. 
Nudity was not a big deal among werewolves, but that usually applied when they were shifting into their wolf form, or out in the forest, and not in a setting like a pack hospital. And the way the tips of her fingers traced the grooves between muscles on his arm was a clear indication of what she wanted. 
"What are you doing?", Keith asked Lulu. 
"Do you need to ask?" 
She took his hand into his and lifted it toward her breast. 
Keith could feel the heat of Lulu's body against his palm, but before he could touch her flesh he pulled his hand away. "Don't." 
"It's just the two of us. It's obvious that you are not sleeping."
###Chapter 612 Talia’s head guard (3)
Chapter 612 Talia's head guard (3)
Lulu's brows came together in a frown as she looked at Keith who was avoiding to meet her eyes. 
"Are you rejecting me?", Lulu asked. 
"Do you need me to spell it out?" 
Lulu clicked her tongue impatiently. "This is about Talia, isn't it?" 
Keith frowned. "Not everything is about Talia, Lulu." 
"You started avoiding me when she appeared." 
Keith wished that they didn't have this conversation, but his silence would confirm her words. "That's not true. What we had ended a long time ago. I told you that I won't be involved with my subordinates." 
Why did Lulu bring this up now? They had a few dates (and sex) about two years ago. He never promised her anything, they were not exclusive, and once he was promoted to a Lieutenant, Keith told Lulu (and other she-wolves that were involved with him) that he won't be getting romantically entangled with warriors. 
In the end, they were all waiting for their fated mates, and if it was not with a mate, it was temporary fun, physical release, and almost anyone would do. 
But more than the mate-business, as a Lieutenant, Keith was responsible for his squad and he made important decisions, and he didn't want his personal life to impact his judgment. Would he be able to send a woman he was sleeping with on a dangerous mission and stay cool about it? Probably not. 
Keith knew that they didn't like it, who likes to be rejected? But it's been more than two years, and Lulu was quiet so far. He didn't see the reason why she brought it up now. 
"I remember you saying that you won't mix business and pleasure.", Lulu said. "Yet here you are, the head guard to the woman you set your eyes on." 
Keith couldn't believe this. Did Lulu think that because of his affection for Talia, Lulu had a chance with him? That was twisted. 
"If your eyes are more on Talia and less on me, you will see that she is a wonderful person, worth protecting. Get your priorities straight, Lulu, or I will dismiss you as Talia's guard." 
"Won't that be convenient for you to get chummy with Luna? Liam, Caleb, and Pierce are staring at her with stars in their eyes, and Sandy wouldn't know who is sleeping with the boss even if you draw it to her." 
"Watch your mouth, Lulu.", Keith growled. It was one thing to say how he looks at Talia, but if Lulu starts spouting nonsense about sleeping around, both Talia and Keith might get a dose of Alpha Damon's anger. Rumors always spread faster than the truth. And how can he prove that he was NOT sleeping with someone? 
"What will you do if I don't watch my mouth? Will dismiss me? How about you tell Talia that I said mean things?", Lulu challenged him. "Weren't you the one who said that we shouldn't let our personal feelings impact our duties? If you dismiss me for this, aren't you dismissing me because you don't like what I said?" 
Keith looked at Lulu's pretty face which was scrunched into an ugly grimace. 
"What are you trying to accomplish, Lulu? Do you want to have sex with me? Is that it? Do you think that insulting me will get me hard? Don't tell me that you want more than a hookup because even before all this, there was nothing more than sex between us. We both had our fun, and it was over. You know that. Why are you acting like a heartbroken ex-wife? Or do you have another agenda?" 
Lulu glared at him for a few heartbeats, and then she snorted, walked to the sofa, grabbed her tank top, bra, and purse, and left the room. 
Keith stared at the closed door. Now what? 
… 
Since waking up, James was hovering around Cornelia. 
He helped her get ready for the day, and he obediently waited in front of the bathroom while she showered. Sure, Cornelia locked the door, but a lock so flimsy wouldn't hold James back if not for his desire to respect her wish for privacy. 
When they entered the dining room for breakfast, everyone else was already there. Damon, Talia, Maya, Caden, Gideon, Mindy, Zina, Dawn, George, Petra, Erik, and Zack. 
"Can you not feed me?", Cornelia asked James while looking at the piece of sausage that was hovering in front of her mouth. She took another fork and pushed his arm away. "I have hands." She allowed him to fill up her plate with food, but feeding was too much. After the previous day, she didn't feel like indulging in a lovey-dovey mood. 
James' lips curved down to form a pout and he looked like a sad puppy. 
He didn't mind groveling in front of an audience. He didn't care about anyone other than Cornelia. 
"Cora, please, I know I messed up. Let me make it up to you today." 
"That's what you said yesterday.", she responded in a hushed voice, hoping that others won't hear her. She didn't want to cause a scene in front of other people, but she didn't want to let him have his way either. Yesterday was not the first time that he left her on her own. She felt neglected. 
"Today it will be different.", James said. 
"I'm sure it will.", Cornelia responded. She decided to go out and see the world outside the packhouse, even if she will be on her own. On the previous day, they went to the human city, and they only started having fun when they were summoned to return. 
Cornelia was determined to explore human realm or go home. OK. Maybe not go home because she was not sure what to do about James. 
She had a lot of time to think about their relationship and future. No matter if she stays with James, or returns to her Coven, the fact was that James was too young to feel the bond completely which brought the question of his commitment to their relationship. What's to say that another woman won't seduce him easily when Cornelia was not looking? 
Another point was that the Red Moon pack didn't sound like a good place to be. Why would Cornelia go there if she will need to hide somewhere while James does his young Alpha duties? And then she was back to questioning his fidelity. 
Cornelia asked around and she knew that licentious nature didn't apply only to Alphas but to all werewolves. Was James expecting her to sit put and wait for him while wondering if he was training, studying, or indulging in some woman? That was unacceptable. 
The truth was that if Cornelia didn't feel that pull toward James, she would leave after the pack run. 
Was she looking for reasons to leave him? Not really, but she couldn't see many reasons to stay either. 
James irritably threw the fork on the table. He woke up super early so that he can plan their day, and he wanted it to be a surprise, but seeing how stubborn Cornelia was, James realized that he will need to tell her about his intentions. 
"Alpha Damon", James called in an official tone. "Today, after breakfast, I plan to take Cornelia out on a date. Please, prepare a car for us. We won't be back until evening, and don't contact us unless a war started." 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 613 White and Silver (1)
Chapter 613 White and Silver (1)
Damon chewed in slow motion while looking at James with a blank expression. 
James requested a car and not to be disturbed. That was not a problem, but Damon didn't want to respond right away. 
One second, two, Damon could see James' impatience growing. Four seconds, five, six… Damon jolted when Talia pinched his thigh under the table. 
"Alright.", Damon said and then he cocked an eyebrow at Talia while speaking to her through their mind-link. 'Why did you do that?' 
'Why did you delay?', Talia responded with a question. 'Don't you see that they are having a conflict? Help him pacify Cornelia, and he will be indebted to you.' 
'If I help him right away, he won't appreciate it.', Damon said. 'While he is waiting for my answer and sweating, he is thinking about what will happen if I don't cooperate, and the fact that he won't need to go through THAT will make him indebted to me.' 
Talia stared at Damon while processing his words. He was right. It was so simple, yet she didn't see it. James and Damon were on friendly terms, but they were not exactly friends. 
A hundred questions suddenly weighed on her. 
Is that what an Alpha does? What if her ignorance causes trouble for Damon? And what about the Midnight Guardians pack? How will she lead them if she couldn't see what was happening right in front of her? She thought that Damon was mean, yet he was only making the best of the current situation. 
Will she ever learn those things about interacting with friends and foes? She was not sure. 
Talia didn't act on her own many times, but those few she did mostly ended up with her erasing memories of the other party. That was not a solution that could be used long-term. 
Damon saw that Talia was troubled and he wondered what was going on in her pretty head. Was she overthinking things again? Probably. 
Damon caressed Talia's knee under the table, and she looked at him when he gave her a squeeze. 
"Eat, kitten", Damon said, and she saw a forkful of food in front of her face. 
She opened her mouth obediently and Damon reminded her, "Keith will be here soon." Talia chewed faster. 
On Talia's left, James was back to trying to feed Cornelia. 
"Come on, Cora", James said. "Just this much." 
"If I accept one, then I will need to accept every next one.", Cornelia responded matter-of-factly. "Why did you make plans for me without consulting me?" 
"I remember that we spoke about it, and I promised you a date.", James said. 
"That was yesterday." 
James was exasperated. He knew that she was giving him a hard time because he messed up, but how can he pacify her if she was not giving him a chance to do so? 
"Do you have any other plans for today?", he asked. 
"What if I do?", Cornelia responded defiantly. 
"Cancel them. Today is for the two of us." 
"That was yest…" 
She couldn't finish her word because James pulled her in for a kiss. 
Cornelia's eyes widened and she couldn't believe that James' hand was at the back of her head, holding her in a firm grip, and his lips were covering hers gently, and it was at the dining table with people watching, and she hated it that her lips moved on their own to respond to his kiss. Why was her own body not listening? 
When James inched away, Cornelia looked around the table to see that everyone was busy with their food or with their partners. She was grateful that no one was staring at them, even though she knew that they were aware of James kissing her right there shamelessly. 
"I apologized.", James said. "But I know that words are not enough, and I want to make it up to you. Today. Stop being stubborn so that we can enjoy our date." 
"And what if I want to stay stubborn?", she challenged him. Did he think that a kiss will melt her reasoning away? "What if I don't want to go on a date with you?" 
"Then you will be stuck with me following you around and apologizing until you give in. It won't be pleasant for either of us but I will do it until you give up on being stubborn." 
Cornelia was not sure how to respond to this. Wasn't he aware of their audience? 
"Are you sure you will be able to follow me?" 
Well, no. "I know that you can leave if you want, but that would break my heart and yours, and you won't do that." 
Cornelia didn't want to admit it, but he was right. That was the reason she didn't leave so far. It would break her heart. And his. And she couldn't make herself hurt him. 
After a few exceedingly long seconds, Cornelia opened her mouth, and when she saw that James was looking at her in confusion, she asked, "Are you going to feed me or not?" 
James' face lit up and he quickly grabbed a fork and stabbed food with it. He can feed her! That was definitely progress. The date was ON! 
… 
James held Cornelia's hand and led the way outside of the packhouse. 
Caden gave James the keys to the white Lexus that was waiting for them. James nodded in approval of the sleek sports car that came with the right dose of luxury, and James could see himself making the engine roar and impressing Cornelia with his driving skills. 
James opened the front passenger door for Cornelia. "My lady", he said in a singing voice while gesturing for her to sit. 
He couldn't stop his eyes roaming her body. She was wearing a simple knee-length off-white summer dress with blue flower print on the bottom hem and flat sandals, yet she was the most beautiful female he had ever seen. Gorgeous. 
Cornelia observed that James sat in the driver's seat. 
"I thought you can't drive." 
"I can, but I am not old enough to get a license.", James responded and reached into the inner pocket of his jacket. 
Cornelia looked at the driver's license with James' photo on it and James explained, "With this, I am James White, a nineteen years-old male from Pasadena, California. Your boyfriend." 
Cornelia flipped the card to see the back. "It doesn't say here that you are my boyfriend." 
James chuckled. "It says in here." He pointed at the middle of his chest. "Your name is etched in here, so I am yours." 
Cornelia felt her cheeks heating up and she handed him the driver's license back. Why was he so flirty? 
She focused on the ID that he was putting back into his pocket. "Is it easy to get one of these?" 
"It's not too much of a problem if you know the right people.", James responded smugly. "This one is yours." 
Cornelia looked at another driver's license that was on the name Cornelia Silver. A twenty years-old female from Pasadena, California. If she paid attention, she would notice that the address was the same as on the license with the name James White. 
"I don't know how to drive.", she said. 
"I can teach you if you want.", James responded and started the car. 
"You can?" 
James' lips lifted into a wicked smile as he hummed in confirmation. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 614 White and Silver (2)
Chapter 614 White and Silver (2)
"You can sit on my lap, and I will show you how to press the pedals and steer the car.", James said like it was a totally normal thing. 
Cornelia was curious about driving, but she was not sure about sitting on his lap. Will there be space for her to sit? And how can she focus on anything if her behind is on his thighs? Won't that be too intimate? 
Cornelia wanted to do many things with James, but first, she wanted to know, "Where are we going?" 
"To have fun. Just the two of us." 
He took her hand into his and kissed the back of her palm, pleased that she was not pulling back. 
"Cora, do you trust me?", he asked. 
"About?" 
James shook his head. "You were supposed to say, yes, but I understand. I disappointed you too many times. From now on, I will not give you a single reason to doubt me." 
"You didn't tell me where we are going." 
James inched closer without breaking eye contact. "Tell me, Cora. Tell me, honestly, does it matter where we are going?" 
Cornelia blinked rapidly. Why was he so close? She couldn't think. 
James reached behind her and she held her breath as he pulled the seat belt to buckle her in. 
The buckle clicked into place, but James didn't straighten his posture. His eyes moved to stare into her lips. 
"Cora", he called. 
"Yes?" 
"Can I kiss you?" 
"Why are you asking now?" Didn't he kiss her many times without asking? And he did it in front of an audience! 
Her eyes widened as he inched closer, and when their lips connected, she closed her eyes. His kiss did funny things with her insides, things she didn't really hate, but she was not sure what to do with them. 
The kiss ended and James moved away to see that her eyes were still closed. It took her a few long seconds for her eyes to flutter open. He loved that he had such an effect on her. 
James chuckled. Today will be a good day, and he was determined to make it one of many. 
The engine roared and the white Lexus slid down the driveway with ease. 
Erik, Petra, and Zack were standing at the main door of the packhouse and looking in the direction where the white Lexus disappeared. 
"We should pack our things and leave before they kick us out.", Petra said sourly, and she got silence in response. 
The three of them were summoned to the packhouse to entertain James, in exchange for benefits that would enhance their education and training, and Alpha Damon also hinted that there will be some gifts. On top of that, the opportunity to make friends with the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack was something many coveted, and staying in the packhouse was worth bragging rights. 
No one told them that they were not needed anymore, but it was obvious that James was not spending time with them. Did this mean they failed their mission? 
Since Cornelia appeared, James was with her if not busy otherwise. The teenage trio hoped that their usefulness will extend with all five of them going to the human city, but then James and Cornelia left them early, and now James and Cornelia went on their own, confirming that there was no need for Petra, Erik, and Zack to linger around the packhouse. 
They loved staying there, but they were embarrassed to freeload. 
Petra, Erik, and Zack dragged their feet to their rooms to get their stuff. It was time to go. 
… 
Talia, Damon, Maya, Caden, Dawn, and George were in the lounge. 
Zina pushed in a three-layered serving cart that was filled with trays that held small pastries, cheese, crackers, and fresh fruits for snacks. There were also pitchers with chilled milk and orange juice, and a pot with coffee. 
After arranging all those on the bar counter together with empty plates and napkins, Zina returned to the kitchen to finish cleanup and start planning for lunch. With guests in the packhouse, she was always busy. 
Gideon and Mindy were not present because they went to Gideon's cottage to pack so they can move into their new house. 
"What do you want to discuss?", Caden asked Damon. 
Damon summoned them there after breakfast, and they were all seating on sofas and munching on food (like they didn't have breakfast previously), and no one was talking. 
"Talia and I are planning to be away for a few days.", Damon said. 
They will visit the Midnight Guardians pack and the Silver Flame Coven. Damon and Talia were not sure how long they will stay there, but they wanted to make preparations if things happen in their absence. 
Damon also hoped to sneak in some alone-time with Talia, like a vacation. He really wanted one, and with the time difference between realms, he hoped it will happen. 
"I want us to discuss our current situation, short-term plans, and how it relates to the Red Moon pack. However, we are waiting for one more person." 
"If it's related to the Red Moon pack, James should be present.", George said. 
"James is on a date with Cornelia, and he said that unless there is a war, he shouldn't be disturbed.", Talia reminded everyone. 
George shrugged. "There is always a war, somewhere." 
"We should let James and Cornelia have their privacy.", Dawn said. "They won't have much time to be together after we go to the Red Moon pack." 
Well, George agreed with this. He wondered if he should take Dawn on a date. Since they recognized each other as mates, they are mostly in the packhouse. George took a mental note to ask Damon about fancy restaurants in the area and see if he can secure a reservation for tonight. He will treat Dawn as his queen. 
"While we are waiting for another person to arrive, I want to share some good news.", Maya started. "The first pack run in a decade was a huge success. People are energized, and their morale is high. They were all pleased with the ceremony, and they saw it as a sign of Alpha Damon mending his relationship with the Shaman." 
Maya pulled a paper from her back pocket and unfolded it before placing it on the coffee table that was in front of her. "We have confirmed seven pairings of mates and three second-chance mates." 
Talia didn't understand how so many mates could be found. Weren't all participants from the same pack? Was it possible that they all lived in the same territory and didn't bump into each other? 
Talia had a feeling that Maya will use these pairings to boost Talia's matchmaking ability-nonsense. 
Maya grinned knowingly. "Do you want to hear all the names, or just the important ones?" 
Everyone looked at Maya with curiosity other than Caden, indicating that he already knew whatever Maya was about to announce. 
"You probably have someone on your mind.", Damon said. "Let's start with that." 
"Steph found her second chance mate!", Maya exclaimed, getting everyone's attention. 
"Eeeh?", Dawn made a silly sound and her eyes sparkled with curiosity. "Who is it?" 
"Robert the blacksmith.", Maya responded, and Dawn nodded, indicating that she knew who he was. 
Talia had no idea who Robert was, but she was happy for Stephanie. Dawn and Maya were smiling, so he was someone they approved. It also meant that Stephanie won't leave Darkbourne. Will Steph move in with the guy? Probably. But… "What about Lisa? Is she OK with that?" 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 615 Talia’s head guard (4) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 615 Talia's head guard (4) [Bonus chapter]
Maya waved with the paper in her hand. "Lisa is also on the list." 
Dawn inhaled audibly. "Are you saying that Lisa found a mate? Who is that unfortunate soul?" 
"I don't know.", Maya said, obviously displeased by this. "I was making calls to congratulate newly mated couples and to inquire if they will need help with relocations, or maybe a new place to stay because some of them were in single-bedroom apartments. That's when Steph told me that Lisa found her mate and she went with him. Steph didn't know more than that." 
Talia's brows came together as her instincts told her that something was wrong. 
She should be happy for Lisa. Didn't this mean that Lisa's negativity will end? But after remembering Lisa's attitude that got her into the dungeon, Talia couldn't relax. She looked at Damon. "Can you use your connection to the pack and find out who he is?" 
Damon's eyes lost focus for a moment, and then he shook his head. "Lisa shut down her mind-link, or she is far away, and I can't reach her." 
Talia didn't like this. As an Alpha, Damon was able to reach any pack member within his territory, and he should be able to force his way into anyone's mind. Talia heard how seasoned werewolves with strong will can keep Alpha out, but Lisa was neither strong nor trained. Was Lisa out of the Dark Howlers territory? Why would she leave? 
"Is her mate from another pack?", Talia asked. 
"That's possible.", Caden responded. "Our borders are open to the Spring Leaf pack, and the Blue River pack. Their members shouldn't come here without announcing their intention to do so, but everyone was excited about the pack run, and slipups were possible." 
"We can't blame people for wanting to join their pack in the run.", Damon said, even though he didn't like lapses in security. He could understand that no one wanted to miss the pack run because they had to be on duty, and he heard that some patrols joined the run for a short stretch, but he didn't want to punish them for doing so. 
How Damon saw this, the biggest asset of the Dark Howlers pack was their members. Children and elders were secured in Darkbourne, and others were all participating in the run. If someone used this window of opportunity to steal, at most, they would take some items that can be replaced. 
Talia had another concern, "Don't you think it's suspicious that Lisa didn't tell her mother who her mate is?" 
Maya didn't think it was a big deal. "When mates find each other, they seek solitude. Lisa probably didn't want to say much to avoid Steph coming to check on her. And don't forget that Lisa grew up in the Lightclaw pack where females are more obedient. The fact that Lisa contacted Steph to explain her absence was more than most of the females from the Lightclaw pack would do." 
Talia wondered if she was worrying for no reason. Everyone seemed relaxed and happy that Lisa found her mate. Surely, it was a good thing. 
Talia hoped that Tony and Kalina will change the Lightclaw pack because it was not fair for a female to forget about her past because she found a mate. However, wasn't that what Talia was doing? 
She didn't only leave her past at the Red Moon pack behind after finding Damon, but she refused to accept her identity as Talia Moonrider also, completely disregarding Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia as her parents. Would she act differently if they showed remorse and asked forgiveness for abandoning her when she was a baby? Talia was not sure. 
Keith cleared his throat from the door to announce his presence, and Damon waved at him to enter and take a seat. 
"I believe you all know Keith.", Damon said. "Since yesterday, Keith is Talia's head guard, responsible for Talia's safety." 
Keith tensed under the weight of his new responsibility, Talia's safety. Did that mean he will get to live in the packhouse? Keith left those thoughts for later. 
"Did you have breakfast?", Talia asked Keith who took a seat on a sofa chair. 
"Yes.", Keith lied. He was anxious about coming here and he couldn't eat. 
"Help yourself with those.", Talia said to Keith while gesturing to snacks that Zina previously arranged on the bar counter. Keith said that he ate, but she saw him eyeing the food. 
Seeing that he didn't move, Talia insisted, "Fill up the plate, so that we can start." 
Keith stood up and turned to face Damon with a determined expression. "Alpha", Keith called. "Before I start as Luna Talia's head guard, I want to do one thing." 
Talia didn't like that he was so formal. "What do you want?", she asked. 
Keith glanced at her, but he spoke to Damon. "I want to do a blood oath." 
Talia's stomach dropped. That was such a big responsibility. "Why?" 
This time, Keith spoke to Talia. "Alpha Damon said it. I will be responsible for your security. I don't want you to have any reasons to doubt me. I will do my best to keep you safe, or it will kill me." 
Before Talia could , Damon said, "Alright. We will arrange it with the Shaman." 
Keith nodded in agreement and moved to the bar to grab food. 
Talia looked at Damon helplessly. They spoke about Talia's guards taking the blood oath after Gideon suggested it, and Talia was firmly against it. Damon wanted all her guards to take the oath, but Talia thought that they can protect her without putting their lives on the line. Actually, Talia didn't want any guards because she didn't want any of them to be harmed in her place. 
'Is that necessary?', Talia asked Damon through their mind-link. 
'Keith thinks it is. As a warrior, he is used to putting his life on the line. This oath will be a show of his sincerity. By denying his request, you will look down on his resolve and insult him.' 
The truth was that Keith was unsettled by the idea of the blood oath. Who would be alright knowing that one can seriously harm him, and maybe even cause death, with a mere thought? 
However, as Talia's guard, Keith would be responsible for her safety, which meant for her life. A blood oath was a way for Keith to prove his loyalty, and it will also serve as a reminder of his place whenever his mind wanders where it shouldn't go. Keith will be Talia's guard, her servant, and nothing more. 
Their talk lasted until mid-morning. 
Damon didn't go into too many details because of the wide audience, but he wanted everyone to know that Maya and Caden will be in charge of the Dark Howlers pack while Damon and Talia were absent, and they also discussed several scenarios related to the Red Moon pack and Alpha Edward. 
Talia hoped that Dawn won't leave with George before they return, but just in case they do, she made a point that they can't go without Nora. As expected, Dawn and George were not excited about anything related to Nora. 
Damon and Talia were planning to head out the next day, and with that, Dawn, George, Maya, and Caden went to deal with their matters. 
This left Damon, Talia, and Keith in the lounge, and Keith was not prepared for what he was about to hear. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 616 Talia's head guard (5)
Chapter 616 Talia's head guard (5)
　　Talia started talking to Keith about the Midnight Guardians pack and how they are in a different realm that can be accessed through a portal.
　　Keith had a question that was burning him since he found out about that pack, "How come no one discovered the portal?"
　　"They tried.", Talia responded. Axel was telling her about it when she was there. "Portal is surrounded by a natural maze and traps. Paths are enchanted to lead you away from it and energies are preventing electronic devices from working properly. Due to the terrain, the only way to reach it is on foot and unless you know the way, you will find yourself walking in circles. And even if you are right in front of it, you might miss it. It's fantastic, you will see."
　　Talia told Keith about different passing of time, and how through there they can reach the portal to the realm of witches. She warned him to be cautious of his behavior because the Midnight Guardians pack is aware of the human realm (how they call it), but the witches were isolated in their realm for centuries, and their way of doing things is different.
　　Keith didn't show any visible reaction when Talia told him how all witches in the Silver Flame Coven are females who wear scarce clothing.
　　Talia wondered if Evanora will try to strike another deal in order to keep Keith there and other male guards, how she tried to keep Axel with a "mate for mate" nonsense. What about Damon? Maybe Talia should leave males in the Midnight Guardians pack. Just in case.
　　While Talia worried about witches trying to get her hands on males, Damon was telling Keith about Guardians and Alpha Edward coveting Talia, then Talia said that she is really Axel's sister and that her parents gave her away when she was a baby because of a prophecy, and then Damon told Keith that Talia was far away from the Dark Howlers pack on the first night they were guarding her, and Keith was not sure which one was more shocking.
　　When Damon and Talia spoke about Talia being the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, Keith thought that they were oversharing, but now he realized how that version barely scratched the surface.
　　Will he be able to protect her? She was awesome, and that meant many will want to get Talia on their side or eliminate her. But the biggest problem was Talia's recklessness.
　　Keith didn't dare to look at Damon, but he looked at Talia grumpily. "You escaped through the window? And Beta Maya covered for you? Do you know that Alpha Damon would make us suffer and not let us die if anything happened to you? How can I keep you safe if you are acting like a toddler? Are you invincible? Why don't you dismiss me or kill me right away? Give me a quick death so that I can avoid endless torture by Alpha Damon…"
　　Talia was shrinking in her seat while Keith ranted, and Damon chuckled. Damon wouldn't let anyone talk to Talia like that, but he knew that this was Keith's way of showing that he cared, and it was a confirmation that he will guard her right.
　　When Keith let out the steam, Talia apologized.
　　"I was not thinking. It won't happen again."
　　Keith was not sure if he should believe Talia, but he couldn't be angry at her either. This was the first time she apologized to him. And she was cute.
　　"I will believe you.", Keith said. "This time."
　　"We will get Shaman to conduct the blood oath tonight.", Damon said. These things worked better under the moonlight, and he wanted it done by tomorrow.
　　Keith nodded in agreement, and Damon continued, "As Talia's head guard, it's your responsibility to manage other guards. Tell them to get ready by morning. We will be heading out after breakfast. Have a few changes of clothes ready. It might be a few days here, but for us, it will be weeks. Maybe months."
　　"How many guards will be needed?", Keith asked.
　　"All of you.", Damon responded without missing a beat. Since they were taking the guards with them, he wanted to maximize Talia's security.
　　Damon noticed Keith's discomfort, so he asked, "Is there a problem?"
　　Keith had a whole night to think about his confrontation with Lulu. He thought he had it figured out, but now that he was looking at Damon and Talia, he was not so sure.
　　"You said that as the head guard, I can decide who will be part of the team.", Keith said to Damon while picking his words.
　　"Do you want to add someone?", Talia guessed.
　　"No. This is about Lulu.", Keith said.
　　"What about her?", Talia probed.
　　Seeing Keith's hesitation, Damon guessed, "Are you shaking a bush with Lulu, and now it's awkward to work together?"
　　"No, no!", Keith denied it with haste. The shaking of bushes happened more than two years ago, and that was not relevant.
　　Damon didn't believe Keith. Damon had a nose for those things, and he was confident that the relationship between Keith and Lulu was not strictly professional, but he didn't want to push for it. "Then, what?"
　　Keith pressed his lips into a line. How can he tell them that Lulu came onto him last night and when he rejected her, Lulu assumed that was because of Keith's feelings for Talia? Or can he just say that Lulu was jealous of Talia? But they will probably ask for details. Was Lulu really jealous of Talia, or was she upset and saying mean things because Keith rejected her?
　　"Keith?", Talia called. "Did you fight with Lulu?"
　　"Something like that."
　　"Is your argument so bad that you want her to lose her position?", Talia asked. She knew that all six of them took great pride because they were Luna's personal guards. Those positions meant that their skills were acknowledged, and that came with raised status in the pack.
　　Keith didn't want Lulu to lose anything. As much as Lulu's mouth was flapping without control, she never did anything bad.
　　Seeing that Keith didn't respond, Talia asked her next question, "Do you think that she will put me and all of you in danger?"
　　"No." He really didn't think so.
　　Talia smiled. "Then, she will stay."
　　Keith was exasperated. Last night, when Lulu came onto him and said all those nasty things, he was confident that she should be dismissed. But now that he cooled off and was facing Talia's genuine smile, Keith was not so sure.
　　Was there a reason to dismiss Lulu, or was that his bias? Would he think of going to such an extreme if there was no history between him and Lulu and if he didn't have feelings for Talia?
　　Lulu was a good warrior, and Keith was confident that if she spends time with Talia, Lulu will change for the better. But he couldn't make a decision without talking to Lulu again. Unfortunately, he was running out of time.
　　Keith got an idea, and he asked Damon, "Can some of the guards stay behind?"
　　By now, Damon confirmed that Keith was doubting Lulu and even if Keith was wrong, discord in the unit could lead to failure. Talia believed that they were all a happy family and that little spats can be easily smoothed out, but Damon knew better.  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 617 Talia's head guard (6)
Chapter 617 Talia's head guard (6)
　　Damon thought about how to respond to Keith's question. Were the guards even needed?
　　Part of Damon hoped that Talia had a matchmaking ability. Then, Keith will find his mate in the Midnight Guardians pack or among witches, and the wretched Coach will stay there and be out of Damon's hair forever. Ah, but then he will lose a Lieutenant and a guy who would put his life on the line to protect Talia and… Damon struggled to keep his jealous beast in check.
　　Damon reminded himself that this was business where he was an Alpha talking to his Lieutenant, and not a husband who was looking at his love rival. Love rival? How can a puny Coach be a rival to an Alpha? Keith had no chance. This thought made Damon happy and his lips stretched into a smile that sent shivers down Keith's spine and he fought mightily against his instinct to flee.
　　"This trip will be for you to learn about the environment where Talia is, and about the people she is working with. Unless something unexpected happens", like me forgetting about my mate, "I will be with Talia most of the time. If we are lucky, your time away will be like a vacation, but that usually doesn't happen, and Talia tends to attract trouble. Think of it as a long mission where you will need to stay alert."
　　Keith decided to leave Lulu out of this, and maybe someone else so that she doesn't suspect she was singled out. By the time they return, Lulu will cool off and things will get back in place.
　　"Should I ask other guards to take the blood oath?", Keith asked. Secretly, he was hoping they will say it was mandatory, and that Lulu will refuse. Then, he will have a reason to dismiss Lulu without making it like it was his call.
　　"No.", Talia responded. "You don't need to do it either. However, it's a way to show sincerity. I don't wish my guards to put their lives on the line for me because one life is not more worthy than another. I hope that we can all work together to keep each other safe."
　　Damon smiled at Talia's words. He knew that she didn't approve of the blood oath, but she still took Damon's words into consideration how refusing Keith's request will hurt his pride.
　　His kitten was learning and growing, and he loved that he got to see it happening right in front of him.
　　…
　　Keith left the packhouse and headed to the training center after mind-linking Sandy, Lulu, Liam, Pierce, and Caleb to meet with him there.
　　Keith heard a lot of information, and he needed to share some of it with other guards, like that they have a mission tomorrow. Which one of them should go?
　　Keith realized that Damon and Talia told him all that because they trusted him.
　　His stomach tightened. Was he worthy of that trust?
　　Would Talia be so friendly with him if she knew that he had an ulterior motive?
　　Keith had no intention of acting on his feelings. Trying anything romantic with Talia would be suicidal because Talia would reject him, possibly hate him, and Damon would definitely kill him.
　　But if not for those feelings, would Keith be so eager to protect Talia? Probably not.
　　Keith was fascinated to hear how Talia, witches, and members of the Midnight Guardians pack have mystical powers. It was also frightening to some degree. As a warrior of the Dark Howlers pack, Keith relied on his speed, strength, and skills to survive, and if someone could strip all that away with a single chant, it would turn him into a weak human. It was scary.
　　And it's not that there were only spells that could do all kinds of things (like sealing his wolf, what dark magic did to Damon so he forgot about Talia and he couldn't recognize her as his mate), but there were also items that could cancel the magic. And who knows what else was out there?
　　This meeting with Damon and Talia opened the door to many uncertainties and Keith was not sure how to deal with them.
　　Lulu and Sandy arrived last at Keith's office at the training center to see that Keith, Liam, Pierce, and Caleb were already there.
　　"What's up, boss?", Sandy asked Keith cheerfully while closing the door behind them.
　　As warriors, Keith was their superior, but outside work, they were friends.
　　"We have a mission starting tomorrow.", Keith said. "Alpha and Luna are heading out, and we will escort them."
　　"Where and for how long?", Lulu asked.
　　Keith paused to observe Lulu. She was wearing casual clothes, and her expression was calm. If he was not there last night, Keith wouldn't know that they had an argument where Lulu said mean things about Talia before storming topless out of Keith's hospital room.
　　Maybe she really said those in a fit of rage and didn't mean it, Keith thought. Was he overthinking it?
　　"Only the ones who are going on this mission will hear details.", Keith responded.
　　"That means, not everyone will go.", Pierce voiced his thoughts. "How many of us will go?"
　　"It depends.", Keith said. "I plan to take a blood oath tonight where I will pledge my loyalty to Alpha and Luna and state that I will not act with ill intentions against them. Will any of you join me?"
　　Keith looked at five faces that were frozen while processing this information. Blood oath was a big deal.
　　Lulu was the first one to react as her brows came together to form a frown. "You are asking us like we have a choice."
　　"You have a choice.", Keith said.
　　"Yeah, right.", Lulu said sarcastically. "Refusal to take this oath means that we are planning on betraying Alpha, Luna, and our pack. You say it's a choice, and I say it's forced because the other option is to declare ourselves as traitors. Don't you think that's insulting?"
　　"I will do it.", Sandy said before Keith could respond to Lulu.
　　"Me too.", Liam was next.
　　"Same here.", Pierce said, and Caleb nodded in agreement.
　　  Lulu looked at them in disbelief. "How can you agree so easily?"
　　Sandy didn't think it was a big deal. "The Dark Howlers pack is my home. My friends and family are here. As a warrior, it's my duty to protect them and to put my life on the line when needed. A blood oath where I pledge not to have malicious intentions toward Alpha and Luna won't change how I lived so far."
　　"Do you plan to betray our Alpha?", Keith asked Lulu. He was pleased that others agreed easily.
　　"This is not about betraying him.", Lulu said. "This is about you forcing me. I am not concerned about acting against our pack because that's not going to happen. However, should I put my life at the mercy of Alpha's mood swings?"
　　Sandy stifled a giggle. "Come on, Lulu. Why are you so dramatic? Did you forget that Alpha CAN end us in a second if he wants to? This is just us showing good faith."
　　Keith didn't want this to escalate. He gestured toward the door. "Lulu, you can leave. Think about it until our next mission."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 618 A birthday invitation
Chapter 618 A birthday invitation
"No one is forcing you to take this oath. I will not bring this up again.", Keith said to everyone, and then he locked his eyes with Lulu's. "If you change your mind, let me know." 
Keith gestured toward the door, obviously telling her to leave. 
Lulu pressed her lips into a line and after a few seconds of hesitation, she stood up, saluted, and left Keith's office. 
With Lulu gone, Keith looked at Pierce, Liam, Caleb, and Sandy. "We are leaving tomorrow morning. Alpha and Luna are still figuring out details, but I'm fairly confident that we will be heading to the Midnight Guardians pack." 
Sandy's eyes sparkled with excitement. The Midnight Guardians pack! She heard stories about that pack. Other than Talia confirming how they have mystical powers, members of the Midnight Guardians pack were staying pure for their mates. How romantic! 
Just like many other she-wolves who still didn't find their mates, Sandy tried to get close to the members of the Midnight Guardians pack during the Summer Solstice festival when their soccer team was visiting. Unfortunately, Sandy only managed to catch a glimpse of them from the stands while the Midnight Guardians were playing. Those guys had separate lodging, they were keeping to themselves, and they left the festival after their last game was over. 
If they participated in any activity other than the soccer tournament, they were doing it under disguise. Sandy couldn't blame them because more than a dozen handsome guys who were untouched could easily create a riot among a crowd of licentious she-wolves. 
But this time it will be different. Sandy was going there, right at the center of coveted virgins, where will they run? 
After the initial excitement dwindled, Sandy asked Keith, "Are we really going without Lulu?" Lulu was also eager to know more about the Midnight Guardians pack. Who wasn't? 
"She is not in the right state of mind for a mission.", Keith responded. He was glad that Lulu left on her own, considering her temper, Keith was expecting that she will argue more. 
Keith was wondering who should stay behind, and their readiness to take the blood oath helped him decide. 
"Sandy, Liam", Keith called. "The two of you will come with me to escort Alpha and Luna. Our mission will be to keep Luna Talia safe. Pierce, Caleb, the two of you will stay behind with a task to keep an eye on Lulu." 
Pierce was not happy to be stuck with babysitting Lulu. He glanced at Caleb to see that he was also frowning in disapproval. The chance to visit the most mysterious pack slipped through their fingers only because Lulu was throwing a tantrum. However, Keith was their superior and they couldn't complain. 
Liam and Sandy were unsettled by the implication of the task that Keith gave to Pierce and Caleb. All of them knew about Lulu's mouth with no filter, but they were all friends who partied, laughed, cried, trained, and killed together. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that they saved each other's lives more than once. Their bond was deep. 
Liam had to ask, "Do you think that Lulu will act against Alpha and Luna?" 
"I hope not", Keith said honestly. "I'm sure that Lulu has her reasons for being reluctant to take the blood oath, and I won't pry into her private matters. But I know that if she is left on her own, Lulu's dejection will grow, and I can't predict if that will be directed at me, you, or at Alpha and Luna. Maybe Lulu will realize that she overreacted and comes to apologize. Anything is possible. But until then, I don't want her to think she was singled out." 
Keith instructed Pierce and Caleb, "With you being her close friends, you can be with Lulu without her suspecting that something is off. It is not your duty to prevent Lulu from making a mistake, but if she makes one, I want to know about it. I am aware that you want to visit the Midnight Guardians pack, but with Luna Talia being their Alpha, I'm confident we will have more chances of going there." 
"How will she be their Alpha and our Luna at the same time?", Sandy asked. 
Keith shrugged, indicating that he doesn't know. "I'm confident that Alpha and Luna will figure it out. I'm not sure what they are up to, but changes are already happening. You are aware that we opened our borders to two packs. That was unprecedented, yet days passed without incidents, and I believe that this is just the beginning…" 
Pierce and Caleb left the office after agreeing to meet in the evening for the blood oath. Until then, the duo will keep an eye on Lulu. 
Sandy looked at the closed door after Pierce and Caleb left. 
"Are you worried about Lulu?", Keith asked Sandy. 
"Aren't you?", she responded with a question. 
"She is a grown woman and a good warrior. By the time we are back, she will be over this and we can talk normally." 
With that, Keith decided to move to the main point. He needed to tell them about the upcoming mission. 
… 
After Keith left, Talia and Damon went to the study to deal with some matters. 
Damon was checking his email, and Talia was also busy at her desk. 
Damon smiled while looking at one email he just received. "Cristian is inviting us to a birthday celebration for his son." 
That got Talia's attention. She didn't know that Cristian had a child. Didn't that mean he had a mate also? She knew that he was Alpha of the Spring Leaf pack and that he was on friendly terms with Damon, and… that was mostly it. 
Talia was excited. It will be her first time attending a birthday party! 
"How old is the boy?" 
"It will be his sixth birthday.", Damon responded. 
"Come on, tell me the details.", Talia urged him. 
Damon chuckled before responding, "Party is in a month. The afternoon will be family-friendly, then there will be dinner, and evening for adults only. I want us to look good", since that will be their first time attending an official event in another pack as Alpha and Luna. "We should order our clothes. Couple's outfits." 
Talia was not sure if they needed more clothes. She had other things on her mind, "What about the present? What do young Alphas get for their birthday?" 
Damon shrugged. "At that age, just like any kid. Toys, clothes, a trip to Disneyland, stocks, a motorcycle…" 
Talia smiled at the first two, but then her face turned into disbelief. How can those be for children? But then, Alphas of packs are rich, so even those toys and clothes Damon mentioned were probably exclusive and expensive. 
Damon saw Talia's expression changing and he burst into laughter. "The little snot has everything he wants. We can show up with a happy birthday card, or with a mountain of gold. He won't see the difference. If the birthday card is shiny, and it plays a tune when it's open, he will love it." 
Talia shook her head helplessly. How can a six years-old be happy with a singing card? But this reminded her, "We need to go baby shopping." 
Damon froze and he stared at her as the whole world slowed down and the only thing he could hear were his raging heartbeats. It took him some time to speak. 
"Are you… pregnant?" 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 619 Family planning (1)
Chapter 619 Family planning (1)
"Uhm, no.", Talia responded awkwardly. Why would Damon ask if she was pregnant? It took her a few long seconds to realize that Damon thought how baby shopping was for her, so she quickly explained, "Yasmin is expecting twins. Now that we are going to the Midnight Guardians pack, we shouldn't go empty-handed. I'm going to be an aunt, and that makes you an uncle." 
Damon's disappointment seeped into Talia through their mate bond, and her heart cracked. 
Did Damon want kids so badly? She was not aware of it. 
It's not that she didn't want kids, but she never seriously thought about it. A few times when kids were mentioned, Talia brushed it off because she was young, and she only started getting to know the world. However, Damon was twenty-seven years old and Talia realized that he had babies on his mind. 
Damon saw Talia's concerned gaze directed at him and he cursed internally while focusing on his computer, pretending to be busy. He didn't want to make it sound awkward or like he was pressuring her, but here they were. 
Talia could feel that he was unsettled. 
She swiftly moved to Damon's desk and sat on his lap. She gave him a smacking kiss on the lips and spoke cheerfully in an attempt to lighten up the mood, "I am not pregnant because I didn't go into heat, yet." 
Damon was silent, so she persisted, "You know that, right?" 
"I know you didn't, but so many things are different with us, and I thought…" 
Talia caressed his cheek gently. "Do you really want babies?" 
"I told you. Five. At least." He paused. "Don't you want kids?" 
"I thought you were joking." 
"Kitten", Damon called seriously. "You should know by now that I don't joke. I tell the truth. Always." 
"I didn't realize how important kids are to you." 
"Important? No.", Damon said honestly. The only important thing in his life was Talia. "I never liked kids. They are small, fragile, messy, and loud." 
Talia stifled a giggle. This sounded like Damon, but it didn't match his feelings. 
"If they are so bad, why do you want them?" 
"Since I met you, and I started thinking how five stinky noisemakers with copper-colored hair and honeyed eyes would be a delight to have. We will go for walks and spend the day in the forest, I will give them piggyback rides, they can chew on my ears, wreck the packhouse, and we will shower them with our care and the best things money can buy." 
Talia stared at Damon in disbelief. "You really thought about this." 
Damon looked away awkwardly. For some reason, he was uncomfortable admitting these thoughts that seemed too personal. 
Talia smiled and cupped his cheeks, forcing him to look at her. 
"Damon", she called. "I don't know when it will happen, but whenever I get into heat, you have my permission to impregnate me." 
"I don't want to if you are not ready." 
"Who said I'm not ready?" 
"You are not excited about the idea.", Damon voiced his thoughts. "Is it because I keep on hurting you? You know that was just dark magic, right? Now you have your guards, and I will give them permission to be hostile toward me. We will be careful and it won't happen again. Maybe I should do a blood oath, so I can't act against you. I would never..." 
"No, no!", she interrupted him. What hostility and blood oath nonsense? She wouldn't allow anyone to harm him, even if he lost his mind completely. "I know that was not you. You are the best mate in the world, but..." 
"But?", Damon urged her to continue. 
Talia couldn't lie and say how things were perfect and she was ready. 
"I am scared.", Talia admitted. "I grew up without parents, hiding. I don't know much about this world, and I definitely have no clue how to be a good mother. The closest thing I ever had to a mother was Stephanie. No one else cared about me in such a way." 
Damon's heart cracked and he pulled her into his embrace, making her lean on him completely. He wanted to comfort her, to encourage her, but he was not sure what to say, so he just held her tightly, letting his emotions fill her up with the hope that Talia will realize that she was enough. She will be enough, because, for him, she was everything. 
"You will be a wonderful father.", Talia continued talking after some time. "Maybe you can teach me. Tell me more about your childhood and what you did with your parents because I would like our kids to grow into exceptional individuals just like their father is." 
Damon's lips lifted into a smile. Talia complimenting him will never get old. He knew that he did many cruel things. No matter what his intentions were, someone always judged him and called him names (behind his back), but none of those were important, because Talia's love and trust in him overshadowed everything. 
"You will be an amazing mother.", Damon said, his voice rumbled deeply as her ear was on his chest. "You are taking care of me. You are taking care of your friends and everyone around you. I know you will take care of our kids also." 
Talia released a slow breath. She hoped he was right. She read somewhere that mothers develop an instinct that tells them what their children need. Talia pushed her insecurities aside. Was there a point in psyching herself out about babies? Even if she got pregnant right that instant, it would take months until she became a mother. Considering how much she learned and had grown since she met Damon, Talia was confident that she will learn at least some basics about babies during her pregnancy. 
Pregnancy. 
It was a foreign term, but the thought of having a part of Damon growing within her made her feel all warm and tingly inside. 
Talia lifted her head and Damon saw her eyes sparkling with mischief. 
"No matter how I feel about babies, I am excited about babymaking. Does that count?", she asked with a sly smile. 
Damon's eyes clouded with lust and Talia felt his erection growing under her behind. 
"Show me.", he said. 
Talia was not sure what he meant, but then a mental image flashed in her mind of her riding him in that chair they were sitting on and Damon's playful smirk confirmed that he sent her that. 
Her heart started racing as she stood up and reached under her skirt. 
"Slowly", Damon demanded. He wanted to enjoy the striptease. 
Damon observed keenly as she shimmied out of her panties, letting them fall on the floor before she stepped out of them. 
"This also?", Talia asked while gesturing toward her blouse. 
"Only buttons.", he said, and Talia started undoing three buttons on the top of the blouse that revealed the pink bra under it. 
Talia thought that Damon will remove his pants, but he didn't move a muscle. 
Ah, the naughty Alpha wanted to be served. She didn't mind. 
Talia got on her knees and slowly worked on his belt and buttons, without breaking eye contact. She could see his anticipation building. Desire. Approval. And it was all wrapped in an endless amount of love and lust that left her breathless. 
Damon lifted himself slightly so she can slide his pants down, and his erection sprang free. He was half-hard already. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 620 Family planning (2) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 620 Family planning (2) [Bonus chapter]
Damon showed Talia the mental image of what he wanted, but when his scent of the forest mixed with manly muskiness hit her nostrils, and when Talia saw glistening precum on his tip, she got another idea. 
Talia released the waistband his of pants once it reached his knees and she leaned over his legs, pressing her breasts on his exposed thighs as she took him into her mouth. 
Damon hissed at the same time she hummed, both in pleasure. 
He loved the way her tongue wrapped around his cock, and she loved the sensation of him growing in her mouth. 
"Yeah, kitten… just like that…", he breathed when her head started bobbing. 
Talia knew what he liked, and she did it for him with satisfaction because she could make him feel good. The big and powerful Alpha was vulnerable and exposed, gasping and groaning in the rhythm her tongue set and the biggest turn-on was that he willingly lowered his guard in front of her. 
Damon was staring at Talia as possessed, her every move sent a stream of electric current from his groin to his brain, and when she pressed her tongue to slide along the crack at his tip, Damon threw his head back. She could suck his soul out of him and he won't resist, not even a little bit. 
Talia enjoyed the feeling of his hot and hard flesh in his mouth, but she enjoyed the most that she was in control. She looked up to see Damon leaning in his chair. His chest heaved as he panted, his firm muscles tightening the white shirt to give her a hint of the magnificent landscape that laid below that fine fabric. Damon was at her mercy, totally enjoying it, and she love it! 
Without slowing down the movements of her mouth and tongue, Talia's hand reached just below his scrotum, and she pressed the magic button that was hiding there, giving him that last push he needed to reach Heaven. 
The armrests of the chair creaked under the pressure of Damon's grip when he groaned as he shot his hot seed deep into her throat. 
Damon loved the fact that she swallowed it all greedily, and then she licked him clean, to make sure not a single drop was wasted. 
She told him once that he tastes like dark chocolate, and Damon was not sure if she was messing with him or if that was the mate bond. But then, she tasted citrusy sweet, unlike any other woman (and he tasted many), so he didn't question her about it. Talia enjoyed his flavors, and that was all it mattered. 
Talia couldn't believe this. She was pleasuring him, but the fact that his hot and hard cock was in her mouth was arousing. And then there were sounds, and the scent, and the sensations that she could feel through their mate bond, and she was close to orgasm herself. She needed just a bit to reach that high, and she was eager to get there. 
Damon was still catching up his breath when Talia straddled him. 
"Make me feel good, Damon", Talia demanded while grinding herself on him. 
Her skirt was bunched around her waist, exposing her lower half of the body completely. Damon's pants were down, so he could feel her drenched folds gliding over his cock that was still twitching from the orgasm. Damn, he was sensitive. 
"Give me a moment, kitten", he pleaded. 
Damon hated that he needed a breather, but what she did was magnificent, and if he could have just a minute, no… thirty seconds... fifteen… 
"Ahh…", a shaky breath escaped his lips, followed by a throaty moan when her lips latched on his neck. She was licking and sucking on her mark, sending electric currents all over, and just like that, he was fully hard again. 
Talia smiled victoriously against his flesh, and she raised her ass to reach between her legs for his cock and to hold him in place. 
They both released lustful sounds as he made his way into her hot and moist flesh that welcomed him. 
Talia gripped the backrest of the chair for support and her hips moved with urgency. She was almost there. Almost. 
Damon groaned like never before. He just came, his orgasm making him sensitive, and his kitten knew exactly how to drive him crazy, crazy for more of her. 
Damon wished to have her breasts in his mouth, but the blouse was partially obstructing him, and there was a bra as well. After a second of hesitation, Damon gripped the fabric and tore it with ease. Now there was nothing to obstruct him from enjoying two bouncy peaks of his mate. 
Talia was too consumed in chasing her release to notice that her garments were ruined. But she definitely noticed when his lips latched on her nipple and he sucked harshly. 
"Oh, God!", Talia exclaimed and pressed herself on his face. "Harder", she demanded, and she moaned loudly when his teeth tightened around her hard bud, sending just the right amount of pain to amplify her pleasure. 
Talia's movements became jerky, but she gripped the backrest and kept on going, knowing that her orgasm was approaching rapidly. And there it was, with stars and rainbows, and delicious sparks that tingled her body into numbness. 
'SLAP!' 
Damon spanked Talia's bare ass when she slowed down, but she barely noticed. 
Damon was not happy. Sure, the ride was good, but he didn't finish, yet she stopped moving! 
Next time, he will order her to hold it in until the time is right so they can come together. 
Talia was resting limply on Damon and catching her breath when he stood up with her, without pulling out, and she felt the cold surface of his desk on her buttocks when he put her to sit there. 
Damon swung his hand haphazardly behind Talia over the surface of his desk, sending pens, papers, mail from that day, and a cell phone to fly through the study, and then he pushed her to lay back on the cleared area with her ass on the edge, nearly dangling off it. 
"Ahh…", Talia moaned breathlessly when he started rocking into her. 
She was sensitive, and her body was buzzing, but her position didn't allow her to move much. Did she want to move? Not really. She was at his mercy, and she didn't want it any other way. Damon knew how to make her feel good, to deliver the right amount of addictive torture which put her right in the middle between wishing for it to stop and to never end. 
Damon held Talia's legs and lifted them up straight to connect at the ankles in front of him, and then he thrust into her vigorously. The height of the desk was just right for such activities. 
Talia gasped for air, unsure what do to with her hands. She wanted to hold onto something because the whole room was spinning, but she was in the middle of a massive desk, with nothing solid in her reach, and Damon was too far away. What should she do? She couldn't think because every Damon's thrust brought her a dose of mind-numbing sparks and she left her arms on her sides to do whatever they wanted but her hands moved to her body, searching for her breasts to touch her nipples. 
--- 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 621 Family planning (3)
Chapter 621 Family planning (3)
　　Talia never did anything so scandalous, especially not for Damon to see, but the sensation of her touching herself was new and stimulating, and she couldn't stop. She didn't want to stop.  
　　With every next raging heartbeat, Talia caressed and pinched her nipples with less reservation.  
　　Unaware of the show that was happening right behind Talia's legs that were in front of Damon, Damon was gripping Talia's ankles while enjoying the sight of her ass and thighs rippling every time he slapped into her. The smacking sound of flesh against flesh was fantastic!  
　　Damon was confident that the visual can't get better than that, but then Talia moaned, and he spread her legs slightly to see if she was OK. His brain froze when he saw Talia bitting her lower lip while playing with her nipples. Damn, that was hot!
　　Little by little, without slowing the movements of his hips, Damon was spreading her legs further so he can get a better view of what she was doing. It was the most erotic performance he had ever seen, and he didn't dare to blink because he didn't want to miss a thing.  
　　Talia noticed his heated gaze directed at her and she swiftly moved her hands away, unsure where to look. She would run away, but Damon was holding her and still rocking into her, and she couldn't run even if she wanted.
　　She was lost in lust, and she did something shameful, and Damon was watching her. How embarrassing.
　　"Don't!", Damon growled. Did she know that her shyness made her so innocently sexy that he wished to hide her in a small and dark place where no one can see her, and then he would devour her completely?  
　　"Continue. Show me how you like it." He wanted to continue watching her.  
　　Damon could already imagine the scene of Talia naked with her legs spread wide, touching her flower and sinking her dainty fingers into her while moaning, only for Damon to see. He really wanted to see that. He would bring a timer so he can measure how long he can watch without pouncing on her.  
　　Her hands jerked toward her breasts, but then stopped halfway.  
　　"Do it!", he squeezed through his teeth and rocked into her with a slight rotation that made her forget about her shyness.  
　　"That's it, kitten. You are doing wonderfully", Damon praised Talia when she cupped her breasts and he loved watching her coming out of her shell.  
　　The visual was so sexy that Damon's orgasm sneaked upon him, and he was not sure if he should slow down or keep going and maybe leave Talia behind. But she was enjoying it, and he didn't want to spoil it for her, so he reduced his thrusts to a bare minimum.  
　　Talia's eyes snapped open to look at him. "Don't stop.", she said.  
　　Damon licked his lips, wondering if he should admit how weak he was in front of her. There were times when he could go for hours, but Talia would make him come within minutes. It was just that good.  
　　He decided to bite the bullet. "I won't stop but I need to slow down, otherwise, I will…"
　　"So will I", she said with a goofy smile, and she threw her head back when he increased his pace again.  
　　Talia's body arched and she pinched her nipples harshly while shouting profanities. Damon really wanted to hear every word that escaped her lips, and maybe record her so he can listen to it later, but her insides tightened around his cock and started milking him in rhythmical pulses, and he blanked out for a moment.
　　His ass clenched and his knees nearly gave in as he shivered in his release with a throaty groan.  
　　Damon leaned over her to rest his weight on his elbows on Talia's sides.
　　He caught her gaze and they smiled goofily while inhaling each other's breaths.  
　　Their sex enhanced by the sparks of their bond was mind-blowing, but what made it better was the trust, and the affection, and all the good things that coursed between them. Unconditional acceptance.  
　　"You are gorgeous", he said, and he really meant it. The way her body glowed after orgasm was the highest confirmation of his ability to please his mate.  
　　Talia raked her fingers through his hair in an attempt to push those unruly strands back, only to have them fall over his forehead mischievously. She loved these intimate moments of bliss when it was just the two of them and the world was at peace.
　　"I could stay like this forever.", she said.  
　　"Me too", he responded seriously. "From now on, the baby-making practice is my favorite activity. We should do it a few more times, to make sure we don't forget the important parts."
　　Talia stifled a giggle and her insides tightened around his shaft.
　　Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "At this rate, we WILL stay like this forever." His lips lifted into a wicked smile. "You won't hear any complaints from me, Mrs. Blake. Forever inside you is just what the doctor prescribed. I will keep pumping my babies inside you, and when they want to come out, they will need to tell me to move."
　　Talia laughed at his outrageous baby-talk and she snorted a bit.  
　　"I love you, Damon."
　　Damon hummed in approval, and he nuzzled Talia's neck with his nose.  
　　"I love you more, kitten."  
　　Slowly, very slowly, Damon tilted his head to reach the left side of Talia's neck, and then he kissed the spot where his mark was. He loved the sound of the shaky sigh that escaped her lips upon contact.  
　　The mark on her neck was like a hickey with some pattern that was more distinct than before he marked her the last time, in the cave, yet it was obviously not fully formed. Will he need to mark her again? That possibility excited him.
　　…
　　Talia and Damon went baby shopping in Darkbourne.
　　Damon suggested that they go to the human city because there were malls and many choices, but Talia reminded him that they were short on time. Besides, there were several clothing and toy stores in Darkbourne, and they should find something for babies.
　　Damon watched with amusement as Talia excitedly examined baby outfits. There was a decent selection in the back of one baby boutique that was specialized in merchandise for mothers and babies.  
　　Talia was carefully inspecting things that piqued her interest before showing them to Damon, and Damon could see her picking clothes for their pups with equal enthusiasm, probably more. Talia will have a big belly and an even bigger smile. Soon.  
　　"Look, look", she called to get Damon's attention, like he was not already looking at her. "This one has a bowtie… aww… look at this tutu…"  
　　After keeping more than a dozen outfits on the side, completed with tiny socks, shoes, and hats, Damon was confident that Talia made her picks, but then she paused and pursed her lips.
　　"What's wrong?", Damon asked.  
　　"We don't know if babies are boys or girls or one of each.", Talia said. "How can I get a tutu if both are boys?"
　　"Do you think babies will care about such things?"
　　Talia knew he had a point, but… "Parents will care."
　　"Should we give up on clothes and go for toys instead?", Damon suggested. Did they just waste an hour without buying anything?
　　Talia really was set on getting outfits. "No. We can go with gender-neutral." She moved to her right to look through the clothing rack again. "Yellows, greens… onesies, shirts, and shorts… that should work…"
　　Damon chuckled at the sight of Talia who was back to looking for perfect outfits that will fit the babies and please their parents. He knew she will be a wonderful mother. She always cared about others, and this was no different.  
　　Talia and Damon didn't notice the curious gazes of the salespeople.  
　　Their Luna was picking stuff for babies, and she was accompanied by the Alpha who was looking at her with approval! They never saw their Alpha smiling so dreamily, and they would take a picture, but they were afraid of being caught. However, that didn't stop them from guessing… Was their Luna pregnant already? Everyone knew that Talia was in the packhouse for a while, so anything was possible.  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 622 Moving to a new home
Chapter 622 Moving to a new home
　　Mindy was humming a tune while pushing the last box for the day to align with others in the back of a truck. Gideon was in the cabin, making sure they didn't miss anything important.
　　After double-checking that things were tucked in well, Mindy adjusted the net that covered all the things they put in there, and then she pulled a stretchy cord from one wall of the trailer to the other, to keep the things from tumbling.
　　Since there was no road to Gideon's house, the warriors drove there a massive truck for rough terrains, customized with an enclosed trailer that could store a lot of things.
　　The warriors wanted to help, but Mindy and Gideon said that they will need a few hours to pick things and pack them, and they needed to do it personally. Both Gideon and Mindy were werewolves, and it's not like they were lacking in strength.
　　At first, Mindy thought of packing only some clothes and toiletries, but now that they had a truck and a whole day at their disposal, Mindy and Gideon decided to take with them more. They already had a rough idea of a few pieces of furniture that Gideon needed for his workshop, and the rest will stay behind. Mindy had no emotional attachments to anything other than her clothes.
　　Mindy was happy. They were moving close to the packhouse, and Gideon didn't to her idea to move and see if the new place will work for him.
　　Actually, Gideon didn't care about the location. He wanted to make his pumpkin-infused princess happy, and as long as he had space for his garden, workshop, and privacy, he wouldn't lack anything.
　　The lot around the house Talia let them use was more than what he needed, and guards would ensure that trespassers don't disturb them.
　　The rest was Mindy's criteria about being close to the town, number of rooms, and amenities, and with all that accommodated, neither of the two thought they will need to move further. Unless they find something unexpected, that house was perfect.
　　Mindy's ears perked up when she heard rustling outside of the trailer.
　　She thought it was Gideon, maybe searching for her. Why didn't he use the mind-link? She left him upstairs, and she was about to let him know she was inside the trailer of the truck when she heard a female voice, "Gidi?"
　　Mindy's expression stiffened. She didn't need to guess who that was. Nina. Why the hell was she there?
　　Mindy stuck her head from the back of the truck to see Nina visually inspecting the large vehicle.
　　"Can I help you?", Mindy asked without bothering to conceal her hostility.
　　Nina was visibly flustered. "Uhm… Is Gidi here?"
　　"Shaman Gideon is at home.", Mindy said while emphasizing the 'Shaman Gideon' part. "Why are you looking for him?"
　　Nina was not happy with the way Mindy (not) welcomed her. "Do I need a reason to come and check on my friend?"
　　'Friend, my ass!', Mindy fumed. If Nina wanted to check on Gideon, she could use the mind-link. She obviously wanted to see him in person. "Friend. I see.", Mindy mumbled. "Alright. Wait a minute. I will tell my mate that you are here."
　　"Mindy", Nina called. "I am aware you are his mate."
　　"If you are, that will make things easier.", Mindy said while walking into the cabin.
　　Nina made her appearance shortly before the pack run, Gideon told her that she was not needed, and then Gideon announced to everyone that Mindy was his mate. Why was Nina here? Obviously to stir trouble. Did she think that she can win Gideon back?
　　Mindy entered the cabin to see Gideon coming out of the side room with a bunch of papers in his hands.
　　"I had these in my desk upstairs.", Gideon said and started arranging papers in the small box that was on the dining table. "I think these are the last ones, but there are probably a hundred more. Once the soil for the garden is ready, I will get plants and seeds from here. At that time, I can check again to see what we left behind." After closing the box, he turned to look at Mindy. "Are we ready to go?"
　　"I don't think so.", Mindy said. "Nina is here."
　　Gideon's expression was calm, but on the inside, he felt like crying. Why was Nina here? It took him forever to pacify Mindy last time!
　　He glanced behind Mindy. "I assume she is outside."
　　"Oh, I'm sorry.", Mindy said sarcastically. "Was I supposed to bring her to the bedroom?" She knew that Gideon had drawn the line and that it wasn't his fault, but Mindy couldn't help herself from seething in jealousy.
　　Gideon exhaled helplessly. He walked to Mindy and wrapped his arms around her.
　　"You know I didn't call Nina to come here", he said. "Come. Let's go and see what she wants."
　　With one arm around Mindy's shoulders and the other holding the box he just closed, Gideon walked out with Mindy.
　　Gideon saw Nina looking his way, but he spoke to Mindy.
　　"Can you close the door, princess? My hands are full."
　　Mindy was not sure what he was up to. He could let go of her and close the door, but the fact he was holding onto Mindy in front of Nina, made Mindy feel good.
　　"Make sure you lock it because we don't want stray animals to get in while we are out.", Gideon said.
　　Nina frowned when she realized that Gideon ignored her, but she waited for him to address her.
　　"Nina", Gideon said. "I didn't expect you here. Did something happen?"
　　"I came to see how you are doing."
　　"As you can see, I'm doing fine.", Gideon responded and turned to Mindy. "You can forgive Nina for the intrusion. For a long time I was living alone here, and she would come and check on me from time to time." He spoke to Nina. "I am grateful for everything you did so far, Nina. But I have a mate now."
　　"Are you saying that I'm not welcome?", Nina asked, offended that he was dismissing her.
　　"Just like any other newly mated couple, we seek solitude to learn about each other.", Gideon said. "I hope you can respect our desire for privacy."
　　Nina's shoulders slumped. "I understand." She looked at the box in Gideon's hand and then at the truck. "Are you moving?"
　　"Yes.", Gideon confirmed.
　　"Where to?"
　　Gideon thought for a moment about how to answer this. "We found a new home, one that will work for both of us. It's within the territory."
　　Nina realized that Gideon won't tell her. "You are the Shaman, how can people reach you? Or are you going to drop that also now that you found your mate?" Nina's voice was full of bitterness, and she couldn't conceal it.
　　"I am a Shaman", Gideon responded matter-of-factly. "But I am also a man. Other than numerous congratulations for finding my mate, I didn't hear any requests for my services. But in case of an emergency, people can reach me via mind-link."
　　Gideon ushered Mindy to sit in the truck on the passenger's seat in front, and he placed the box he was carrying next to her legs.
　　"Be careful with this one, princess", Gideon told Mindy. "My favorite mug is in there."
　　He closed the door for Mindy and then he moved to the back to ensure that the double doors were properly secured shut.  
　　Seeing that Nina was watching him in silence, he decided to say something. 
　　"Thank you for stopping by. I would stay and chat, but we have a lot to unpack. Take care, Nina."
　　Nina couldn't believe that he was leaving just like that. "Can I hitch a ride with you to town?"
　　"Sorry, Nina. There is no space. You will need to return in the same way you came here.", Gideon said and hopped into the driver's seat.
　　Nina gaped at the truck that moved over the uneven terrain until it disappeared out of sight among the trees.
　　Mindy scooted next to Gideon. She hugged his arm and smiled happily.
　　The truck was massive, and at least four people could sit in front, and there was space in the back also, but Gideon just brushed off Nina, and Mindy liked it. She liked it a lot.
　　Gideon glanced at his pumpkin-infused princess. "Happy?"
　　"Yes", Mindy didn't deny it. "I will make sure to show you how happy I am, tonight."
　　Gideon shifted in his seat to adjust his hard-on. Damn, the evening couldn't come fast enough!
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 623 Preparations for the trip [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 623 Preparations for the trip [Bonus chapter]
　　Damon went to get Talia for dinner, and he found her in their closet, packing things. He offered his help, and they divided work so that Damon packs things for the two of them, and she will handle the things that they are taking as presents.
　　Talia needed help, it was her first time packing, and Damon was happy to provide his assistance. He instructed her to put big items first, and that breakables should be in the middle, cushioned by layers of fabric, and Talia realized that packing a suitcase can be quite complex if one wants to do it properly.
　　Damon shook his head helplessly at the sight of a big suitcase that was full of stuff for babies. Did they really buy that much? There were clothes, toys, diapers, moist wipes, and swaddling blankets, and Talia asked Doctor Travis to provide the latest information related to pregnancy and babies; she printed it all out for Yasmin and Axel to read. Damon was amazed that Talia thought about all this.
　　Talia even got two maternity dresses that had adjustable waist to accommodate a growing belly, and a top that had hidden buttons in the chest area to allow for the fabric to open so that Yasmin can breastfeed. For werewolves (and witches) exposed breasts were not a big deal, but Talia wanted to introduce them to fashion trends popular among humans. It was novel.
　　Talia was aware that they didn't have babies in the Midnight Guardians pack for two decades, and Yasmin knew even less about pregnancy and motherhood, so Talia bought everything she thought might be useful for them.
　　Talia zipped the suitcase and looked at Damon victoriously. "Done."
　　"If I don't know better, I would assume that baby-related business is the reason for our trip.", Damon said teasingly while gesturing to a much smaller suitcase that was holding their clothes and toiletries.
　　Talia pursed her lips. "I know that seeing babies is not the reason why we are going, but I chose to focus on the positives. Whenever I think that we will face Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia to demand answers about me, about what they did to you, and about their involvement with the Guardians, I become unsettled. And all that gets worse when I think about witches and…"
　　Talia stopped talking when Damon engulfed her in his embrace.
　　"It will be alright.", he spoke into her hair. "You don't need to face this alone, kitten. We are going together. Let me deal with the unpleasant things."
　　"That's not what I want. I want us to share everything, good and bad."
　　"And that's why we are going together."
　　Talia was worried about the anger that swelled within Damon every time Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia were mentioned. "What will you do with the previous Alphas of the Midnight Guardians pack?"
　　"I don't know.", Damon admitted. "What they did is inexcusable. It goes against our nature. They harmed you and me and…" He paused. No matter what, they were her parents. Did she feel sorry for them? He decided to ask, "How would you punish them?"
　　Talia was not sure about the punishment, but she knew one thing. "When I think about them, I feel… nothing. Shouldn't I be angry?"
　　"Nothing?"
　　Talia tilted her head as her brows came together. "I have no desire to punish them or to make them suffer in any way. If I could never see them or hear about them again, that would be perfect."
　　Damon nodded knowingly. "Death sentence it is."
　　Talia's eyes widened in shock. "You can't joke about it." She said that she didn't want to hear about them or see them, but she didn't think about killing them.
　　Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "Who said I'm joking?"
　　Talia swallowed hard. Damon told her that he doesn't crack jokes, and he proved it to her more than once.
　　"Death is permanent.", she said. "We don't have the power to give life, so we shouldn't take it away."
　　Damon's hard expression softened at her words. "You are kind." A true Luna. "The world would be a better place if everyone thought that way. Unfortunately, the reality is that every enemy you spare is an enemy that lives to attack you again and this pair of Alphas jeopardized both of our lives."
　　"They can't do much. I took away their powers."
　　"Can they talk? Did you remove their ability to persuade someone else to do their dirty work? Do you think that all murderers and schemers are Alphas with mystical powers?", Damon was shooting one question after another, and Talia couldn't find an opportunity to answer. "Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia were Alphas for a long time, and I'm sure that there are people who are supporting them. Not everyone is eager to see the new generation taking over, and the changes it brings. My parents were dead, I was their only child, the only Alpha in the pack, and still, some people said how I'm not the best choice."
　　Talia knew that Damon was talking from his experience, and she knew that he had a valid point. She never thought of Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia as her parents, but they were Axel's parents. Can she punish them harshly without antagonizing Axel? Axel was the only family she had.
　　"Don't kill them.", Talia said to Damon.
　　Damon was surprised by this request. "Did you forget what they did to me? What would happen if Cassandra was successful?" Damon looked into her eyes with grief veiling his handsome features. "If you didn't intervene with the ritual, if you didn't go to witches to find a way to reverse it, I would be a soulless puppet, not knowing who you are, and that, my kitten, is a life not worth living."
　　Talia's heart cracked when she remembered the pain of Damon not remembering her. It was more than alienation and his crass behavior. A piece of her was missing and it was agonizing. And he felt the same. Actually, after his memories returned, Damon was disgusted by himself, and part of that dejection still lingered in the back of his mind, disguised as fear of losing her and himself.
　　Talia jolted when Damon continued talking with fury sizzling behind his every word.
　　"What would happen to you if Alpha Howard told others how special you were? Do you think that they would wait until you are of age before they used you to give birth to the next Alpha of the Red Moon pack? Do you think you would have a choice? Even without your abilities, your bloodline tops all others. Would Alpha Howard take you, or would he give you to his son? Do you think their greed would stop there? What if they decided you should give birth to Generals of their army also? What would…", his voice cracked, and he gasped for air.
　　The mental image of Talia being touched by other men was driving him insane. He could see her in tatters, crying and pleading for them to let her go while they had their way with her, and Damon wanted to kill them all.
　　Would anyone be swayed by her cries? Would anyone help? And he would be ignorant to her sufferings because they were wretched animals, concerned only about power without regard for who needs to suffer for it.
　　Damon's aura flared, solidifying the air around him. Luckily, Talia was not affected, not because of her strength, but because mates can't harm each other.
　　Noticing that Damon was unstable, Talia hugged him with all her might.
　　"It's OK. I'm here… it didn't happen…", she chanted, and she relaxed when Damon hugged her back and buried his face into her hair, taking deep breaths to fill his system with her sweet citrusy scent of freesia that had the power to calm his raging beast.
　　He knew that it didn't happen and that Talia was right there, safe in his arms, but the thought of what might have been told him that it could happen in the future if they were not careful. They needed to understand what they were up against and for that, they needed information from Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac.
　　"I won't kill them.", Damon said after some time. "Unless it's necessary."
　　"Thank you, Damon." She really meant it. She didn't really care if he would kill someone, knowing that it wouldn't be his first time, but she didn't want to lose him to the madness and desperation that was engulfing him.
　　They held each other in silence for a long time, listening to each other's matching heartbeats, and hoping that their nightmares won't come true.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 624 The blood oath (1)
Chapter 624 The blood oath (1)
　　Damon and Talia had dinner with Maya, Caden, Gideon, Mindy, Dawn, George, Zina, Keith, Liam, Pierce, Caleb, and Sandy.
　　Petra, Erik, and Zack officially left the packhouse earlier that day, James and Cornelia were still out on their date.
　　Mindy and Gideon would have a private dinner in their new home but because of the blood oath, they decided to come to the packhouse.
　　Hearing people discuss Talia's and Damon's departure, Gideon had to ask, "Is Cornelia going to join you?"
　　Damon and Talia exchanged blank looks. They didn't know.
　　Talia responded, "We were thinking of going, but today we finalized the details. James and Cornelia were out the whole day, and James was clear that he didn't want to be disturbed, so we didn't tell her."
　　"You might want to give her a heads up.", Gideon said. "I remember Cornelia saying that she wanted to go home."
　　"That was before she got together with James.", Maya chimed in. "Both of them know they are mates. Since James can't abandon the Red Moon pack without a plan, she will probably stay here."
　　Gideon was not so sure. "James is too young to feel the bond. As for Cornelia, she doesn't feel the bond as we do. You say that she will stay, and I will ask you: where? The Red Moon pack is not a good place to be. Cornelia doesn't have a wolf, and she won't be able to use her powers, which means they will think she is human. Does it make sense for Cornelia to stay here and wait for James to visit her? If I was her, I would go back to my Coven and stay there until James becomes an Alpha."
　　Talia agreed with this. Gideon didn't know that James didn't have an Alpha aura and that James' chance of taking over the Red Moon pack was close to nil, but the rest was true. 
　　Everyone knew that the Red Moon pack was a bad place; Cornelia would be treated as an Omega or worse, and James won't be able to protect her unless he reveals they are mates, which will put her in greater danger. Without the pull of the mate bond, why would she go there? Considering how rarely James leaves the Red Moon pack, it would be meaningless if Cornelia stayed in this realm and wait for James to visit her.
　　Talia knew that it would be better for Cornelia to go home, at least until James escapes the clutches of his so-called father and establishes himself so that he can protect them both, but the idea of separating mates didn't feel right, even if they couldn't feel the bond fully. Talia was with Damon before she found out they were mates; she was happy with him, and no matter how much her reasoning told her to leave, something always pulled her back… back into his arms, where she belonged, and if she managed to leave, she would miss him immensely.
　　Talia jolted out of her thoughts when Damon gave her hand a squeeze.
　　"We won't leave before breakfast.", Damon said. He could feel Talia's emotional turmoil. "In the morning, we will tell Cornelia, and we will wait on her decision. It's not like we have a set schedule."
　　Talia was grateful for Damon's understanding.
　　…
　　They all gathered at the clearing behind the garden that was illuminated with several tiki torches.
　　That was the area where the platform was erected for the ceremony before the pack run, but now it was just a big patch of grass that was patted down by numerous people who stood there two evenings ago, and by the crew that did the cleaning the next day.
　　Gideon and Mindy took the central position, with Keith, Liam, Caleb, Pierce, and Sandy standing in a semi-circle and facing them. Maya, Caden, Talia, and Damon stood on the side, and Dawn and George were further in the back.
　　Zina was not there, as she went to clean up after dinner. Dawn wanted to help Zina with her chores, but when Zina told her that two other Omegas were helping already, Dawn decided to attend the oath. She never saw one.
　　Gideon and Mindy prepared incense burners and several other things needed for the blood oath, but the most important thing was the square-shaped stone tablet that was etched with ancient symbols. The tablet was large enough for a big palm to rest on it with fingers spread wide.
　　"Luna", Gideon called Talia and gestured for her to come closer.
　　Talia slowly moved there, reluctance in her steps reflecting her unwillingness to go through with this oath.
　　"You will need to hold this." Gideon handed Talia the stone tablet that was light gray and unusually cold to the touch like it was refrigerated previously.
　　Talia wondered if the stone she was holding was that heavy, or if that was the heaviness of what it represented. Those five people will use the tablet to entrust their lives to Talia, and that was heavier than anything. Would she be able to do the same if the roles were reversed? She was not sure. They were her friends, and Talia trusted them, but the only person who had her unconditional trust was Damon.  
　　Damon explained how their pledge of loyalty to Alpha and Luna was normal. Pack prospers together and everyone has their role. As warriors, their duty was to fight and protect, and protecting their Luna was the highest honor a warrior could have because only the most skilled ones get to serve at the top.
　　Even with that explanation, Talia didn't feel it was right. Was it because she didn't grow up as part of a pack? Damon was her home and she would do anything for him, but she couldn't understand the concept of a tightly-knitted community where people will make sacrifices for someone else's benefit. That's not how things went in the Red Moon pack where even Omegas wouldn't hesitate to backstab others even if they didn't gain anything from it.  
　　Talia looked at Keith, Liam, Caleb, Pierce, and Sandy, silently giving them one last chance to back out from taking this oath, but determination in their eyes told her they will stick to it.
　　Keith stepped forward first.
　　Gideon handed him the ceremonial knife made out of white bone, the same one that Mindy used when she joined the Dark Howlers pack.
　　At Gideon's nod, Keith ran the blade over his palm, drawing blood.
　　Talia's brows furrowed when she saw Keith's blood dripping, indicating a deep cut, and he placed his palm on the tablet Talia was holding without hesitation.
　　Gideon murmured ancient chants, while Keith looked up at the Moon that was nearly full and spoke in a clear voice, the sound carrying through the forest, like it was amplified, "With the Moon Goddess as my witness, I, Keith of the Dark Howlers pack, pledge my loyalty to Talia Moonrider, the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack." Keith lowered his gaze and locked eyes with Talia. "I will treat your safety as my priority until there is breath in me, and if I ever think of harming you, may the Moon Goddess take my life."
　　Talia felt that the tablet in her hands was heating and she gripped it tighter when it started vibrating.
　　The tablet emitted a burst of red light, and Talia's breath hitched at the sensation in her chest she couldn't identify. Was that the bond of the oath? Did Keith feel the same?  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 625 The blood oath (2)
Chapter 625 The blood oath (2)
　　A gust of wind swirled around Keith and Talia, making the flames of tiki torches dance wildly, and a second later, everything was calm again.
　　Keith removed his palm from the tablet, and Talia clearly saw that his flesh was crimson red, yet the cold stone tablet was completely clean.
　　Keith bowed to Talia and then to Damon before stepping away.
　　The next one was Liam. He cut his palm and said the pledge, the tablet reacted, there was a sensation in the chest and a gust of wind, and he was done. One by one, all Talia's guards present pledged their loyalty to her, their sincerity overwhelming her emotionally.
　　Gideon ended the oath with his arms raised up toward the moon while another stirring of ancient words no one understood left his lips.
　　Gideon had an appearance of a modern mature man, yet in these moments he extruded an ancient aura full of wisdom, like a sage from centuries ago. The only things missing would be a long white hair and an equally long beard fluttering in the wind to make it completely fantastic.
　　"It's done.", Gideon declared.
　　Talia looked at her five guards with the focus on their bleeding hands. Mindy was giving them gauze that was soaked in aromatic herbs, and bandages to wrap around their wounds.
　　"Let me heal you", Talia said. 
　　All five of them refused, and she heard Damon's voice in her head, 'That's the proof of their oath and they carry those wounds as badges of honor.'
　　Talia exhaled helplessly, and spoke to her guards, "I am touched that you were willing to do this. I hope that you never face danger while protecting me, but if you do, keep in mind that I'm not a porcelain doll that needs protection at any cost. Don't endanger yourself recklessly because if you are harmed, you can't guard me. I am your Luna, I am not weak, and I will fight by your side so that we can keep each other safe. Is that clear?"
　　They nodded and everyone's attention moved to the tablet in Talia's hands that was now glowing in silvery light.
　　"What is this?", Damon asked, uneasy feeling telling him this was not part of the ceremony.
　　"I believe that the Moon Goddess acknowledged Talia's words as her oath.", Gideon said, his eyes sparkling with excitement because he had never seen anything like that happening before. The tablet reacted to blood only, but now it seemed that it reacted to Talia's silvery magic-like ability. Gideon really wanted to do some tests and confirm if his guess was correct, but how can he express such a request without making it sound that he wants to treat his Luna as a test specimen?
　　Damon's brows were together, forming a deep frown. Which part of Talia's words was the oath? That she didn't need protecting? Or that she will protect her guards? What nonsense was that?
　　Before Talia could say anything else, Damon snatched the tablet from her hands and shoved it into Gideon's.  
　　"Don't let her hold such things.", Damon said to the Shaman in an ominously low voice. If he knew this would happen, Damon would be the one holding the tablet, so that those five wretched guards pledge to Damon that they won't harm his mate.
　　Gideon lowered his head in submission. "Yes, Alpha." Well, so much for doing tests, Gideon thought. If he asks Talia to try something like that again, Damon will skin him alive.
　　Sandy clapped loudly, ignoring that her left hand was freshly bandaged.
　　"Now that this is over, let's celebrate in Shifters!", Sandy exclaimed cheerfully, breaking the tense atmosphere.
　　Damon didn't like the idea of partying. As Talia's guards, they should always be ready for action. "We will leave tomorrow morning. Do you have the luxury of time for drinking?"
　　Sandy's face fell and she looked helplessly at Liam, Pierce, and Caleb to see that their stony expressions didn't show how disappointed they were. Sandy didn't bother looking at Keith because even as a Coach he would tell them to skip on the fun before the game.  
　　Talia hugged Damon's arm and spoke to her guards, "Enjoy at Shifters, but remember that you need to be here for breakfast."
　　Sandy fist-pumped into the air. "You are the best!"
　　Damon looked at Talia in disbelief. Did she just override his order, in front of others?
　　"Don't worry.", Keith said to Talia and Damon. "I will go with them and make sure they don't overdo it so that everyone is ready on time."
　　Somehow, Damon and Talia sounded like concerned parents, and Keith was the responsible child in the family who will keep his younger siblings out of trouble.
　　They all wished each other good night and Keith walked away with Liam, Caleb, Pierce, and Sandy.
　　"They are in a good mood.", Maya said in a singing voice. "You have good guards, Luna Talia."
　　Talia acknowledged that the mood was good. Was she overthinking this?
　　The only one missing was Lulu and Talia hoped that this wasn't the beginning of a rift forming between them.
　　…
　　James woke up with a big smile on his face and Cornelia in his arms.
　　He buried his face in the crook of her neck, taking deep breaths and allowing her sweet scent of wild berries to fill his system.
　　As if his morning wood was not enough, Cornelia's closeness made him hard to the point of aching, but James didn't want to move away from his chocolate-colored Goddess. She was beautiful and enchanting, and he felt that disturbing her sleep would be sacrilege.
　　James smiled foolishly while thinking about the previous day. They spent it together and it was fantastic.
　　The day included a lot of hand-holding and kisses, and they broke that skin-to-skin contact only when absolutely necessary.  
　　First, they went to a mall to shop for clothes.
　　James was never into fashion, but his logic told him that outfits in the display windows and on mannequins were from the current season, and he stayed away from the clearance section where clothes were on sale. That's how he picked a few dresses for Cornelia and made her try them on. Everything looked good on her. He bought it all, happy that Damon arranged a credit card with the name James White. Alpha Edward had no way of knowing that his son was shopping with his mate instead of sweating it out in the gym. James felt a sense of accomplishment in that.  
　　Since coming to the Dark Howlers pack, for the first time in his life, James had an opportunity to act like a teenager, defying his parents and enjoying life, and this day was definitely one of those.  
　　Next, James and Cornelia went into the aquarium. He heard how those two warriors wanted to take Cornelia to the aquarium, but they never did, so James decided to take her there. Cornelia was fascinated with jellyfish, sharks, and many other creatures. She got to touch starfish and clams, and she said how seahorses look nothing like horses, and then they got soaked while watching a show where dolphins performed.
　　With her clothes wet, Cornelia thought that her options were to stay wet or return to the packhouse, but James was ready for this. Why else would he take her shopping first?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 626 The gravity of being a Luna (1)
Chapter 626 The gravity of being a Luna (1)
　　Cornelia changed her wet clothes in the back of the white Lexus, and James waited outside, his fingers itchy to open the door and get in with her. He really wanted to see her changing; well not exactly changing clothes, it was mostly about removing her clothes but he controlled himself.
　　James was also wet, so he went into the car after Cornelia was done and she waited outside. He hoped she will stay inside, but she was avoiding his gaze nervously, and suddenly he became aware of how that back seat and tinted glass will provide privacy. And just like that, he was hard again. Damn!
　　He was done in a minute, and then he found the bag where Cornelia kept the dress she wore previously, and he took a few deep breaths to inhale her scent that lingered there. Even when it was wet with a hint of fish, it was still fantastic. He knew it made him look like a creep, but he couldn't stop himself.
　　Dazed by her scent, the moment James exited the car, he pulled Cornelia into his embrace and kissed her senselessly until their lips were numb, right there in the parking lot of the Aquarium. James knew kissing won't be enough as he really wanted to make love to her, and the way she melded into him told him that she wanted the same. Oh, and then there was the scent of her arousal that confirmed without a doubt that her body wanted to be explored... but James knew that this was as far as they can go, so he stopped himself. For now.
　　After that, James and Cornelia had lunch in an Italian restaurant that was on the seventh floor and it provided a wonderful panoramic view of the city.
　　Next was the museum of history, and James bought them ice cream while they walked downtown. Chocolate for him and raspberry for her. 
　　Cornelia loved the ice cream, but she didn't approve of the concrete jungle. They were outside, yet it was stuffy and noisy, and her connection with nature was severed. She wondered how humans could live like that.
　　To lighten up the mood, James led the way to a park where Cornelia removed her shoes and walked on the grass happily. Park had a merry-go-round, benches where older people played chess, and a playground for kids. Cornelia observed all that with curiosity.
　　James took Cornelia for dinner that was not too extravagant because they didn't wear fancy clothes, and they rounded their date with a movie. 
　　Cornelia's eyes were open wide as they watched the latest sci-fi action movie. She was asking James questions about all those gadgets she saw there, making others shush them as James was explaining what the special effects are while ignoring the irritated movie-watchers around them. Annoying humans.
　　To Cornelia, things on the big screen looked like magic, especially lasers and teleportation gates. 
　　When they returned to the packhouse, it was late, and after freshening up, Cornelia fell asleep quickly. She told him that she had fun and kissed him good night and that was all it mattered.
　　The date ended well, and James loved that he woke up first.
　　James greedily soaked in Cornelia's relaxed sleepy expression, and he wished that he could wake up like that every morning, with Cornelia in his arms. The raging boner was a bit of a problem and James used all of his will to control himself and not start grinding on her.
　　His gaze moved to her breasts which were rising and falling as she breathed. He swallowed hard. Could he touch her there and maybe lick a bit without waking her up? She slept in his t-shirt that was roomy and he could probably get his hand in there and she won't notice as long as he moves slowly.
　　James shook those thoughts away. She was beautiful, and her scent of the wild berries was driving him nuts, but he didn't want to act like a horny savage.
　　As if she could feel his hungry stare on her, Cornelia's eyes fluttered open, and she smiled, that small action made James' heart sing. Even when she was drowsy, her instinct was to smile at him. Wasn't that beautiful?
　　During his sixteen years of existence, James' sister was not present, his mother was indifferent, and his father would mostly give him frowns, yet here was Cornelia… smiling. It was so simple, yet it made him happy beyond belief.
　　"Good morning, Cora.", he said in a singing voice while tightening his hold on her.
　　"Mhm…", she hummed in response, too lazy to say anything, and other than her lips puckering when he kissed her, she didn't move a muscle.
　　Cornelia's eyes closed slowly, and James thought that she will sleep more, but then she asked, "What's the time?"
　　"It's almost time for breakfast."
　　Cornelia yawned. "We should get ready and eat. Did you plan something for today?"
　　James' heart skipped a beat. She wanted to spend another day with him! It's not that James was doubting it will happen, he made plans for the next three days. However, considering how the last few days went, James thought that he will need to persuade her first. This was definitely progress.
　　…
　　On the third floor of the packhouse, Damon stared at Talia who was waking up. 
　　He was up for a while and he discussed with Sapa the best approach to tell Talia that he didn't approve of her actions, without upsetting her. What if the black magic in her was triggered again? Damon wanted to talk to Talia last night, but she was too happy and he decided to leave it for the morning. Well, it's morning.
　　Talia blinked herself awake before greeting him, "Good morning, handsome."
　　"Good morning, kitten."
　　"What's wrong?" She could feel that he was struggling with something.
　　Damon pressed his lips into a line. He didn't want to spoil the mood, but he didn't want to keep it in either.
　　Sapa told him that the only way to deal with it is to talk about it because postponing things will make them pile up and form a big one, and then just a talk might not be enough.
　　"I am concerned about the oath.", Damon said.
　　Talia didn't get it. "What about it?"
　　"If you don't want your guards to protect you, then it will be better that you don't have any." There, he said it.
　　Talia pushed herself into a seated position. She knew what Damon was talking about. "I didn't mean to make an oath, Damon. It just happened."
　　Damon also sat up and faced Talia. "Our word is our bond, especially in front of our pack members and in front of other Alphas. Whatever you say, you need to mean it."
　　"But I do mean it.", Talia responded. "I don't think that my life is more valuable than any other."
　　Damon frowned. "This is not about lives. This is about our pack. I know they are your friends and if anything happens to them, you will grieve, and so will their friends and family, and the whole pack will honor them for the price they paid in the line of duty. But do you have any idea what will happen if you die?"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 627 The gravity of being a Luna (2)
Chapter 627 The gravity of being a Luna (2)
　　Talia didn't respond, and Damon continued talking.
　　"If you die, I will follow right after. Don't think that it won't happen because I won't rest until I find who caused your demise, and once I make sure they are in hell, I will lose the reason to exist, and then the Dark Howlers pack will collapse."
　　Damon's voice softened. "The pack is depending on their Alpha and Luna to guide them; without us, they are vulnerable, like a boat in the stormy sea without a helmsman and there will be no one to take over the wheel because no matter how many skilled warriors we have, without us, other Alphas will make them submit. The stubborn ones will be killed, and the submissive ones will be enslaved."
　　Talia lowered her head. She knew that he was right, but still… "So, what do you expect me to do? To hide while my friends risk their lives to fight off the bad guys?"
　　"Not to hide.", Damon responded. "But I don't want you on the front lines either. I know that you think I'm exaggerating. And I probably am. Not everyone will be out to kill you, but they will want to capture you, manipulate you, to make you submit. Imagine that a rogue gets his hands on you. Will Keith dare to jump on him if the rogue is holding you by the neck?"
　　Talia shook her head, silently admitting that he won't. 
　　Damon didn't want to push it, but he wanted her to understand the gravity of the situation. She was a Luna now, the Luna of the largest pack in North America, and there was also the point of Talia being the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and she needed to stop acting like her existence was not important.
　　"You are a kind person, Talia", Damon said, and Talia knew this was serious because he used her name this time. "You value life, but don't assume that others are the same. Some people out there will kill for the slightest provocation without blinking. They use and abuse others and don't even bother to justify it."
　　Talia's chin shook as Damon sent her mental images of a scene in the forest. She was being restricted by a muscular rogue, and a few more guys stood there and held wolfsbane-laced weapons. Keith, Liam, Pierce, Caleb, and Sandy were forced to kneel and to submit under the threats of the rogues because if they refused, the rogues would harm Talia.
　　"I know you have powers.", Damon said. "But if your guards have knives under their throats, will you dare to act? Can you take out all the bad guys without harming your friends? Can you guess what will happen next?", Damon continued probing. "You are important, so they will take you away without caring what's going to happen to you as long as they get paid. In their eyes, your guards are useless, and the rogues won't hesitate to dispose of them. Keith and the guys won't fight back because the big guy will harm you if they retaliate. By stepping forward recklessly, you WILL put them in danger."
　　Damon raised his hands and wiped the tears from her cheeks, wet pearls that were trickling down silently and wetting the bedsheets which covered them from the waist down as they sat facing each other. 
　　"Sorry, kitten. I had to do this so that you understand. You are a queen now. For the Dark Howlers pack, you are the most important player, the most powerful one, and you shouldn't move unless absolutely necessary."
　　Talia blinked. "Are you using a chess analogy?" She never played the game, but she read about it.
　　"The whole life is a game of chess, kitten. You are not a pawn. You are a queen. My queen. I want you to stand tall and protect yourself and me, and let your guards do their job because if we fall, it's game over."
　　Talia almost smiled at Damon's words, but her expression froze when she saw that he was serious as he continued.
　　"There is another thing… I will treat you as my equal. In front of our people, we need to be united, and if you don't agree with my decision, tell me in private. Last night, I told your guards not to party, and you contradicted me."
　　Talia remembered it, and she didn't think it was a big deal. "You didn't order them. You only asked if they have the luxury of time to party."
　　"It was obvious that I didn't approve of them going to the Shifters. They got it, you got it, everyone got it, yet you still stepped forward and told them to go ahead with it."
　　Talia bit her lower lip. He was right. She didn't mean to undermine Damon's authority, she only wanted her friends to have fun, but she ended up talking over Damon.
　　For an outsider, she probably looked shallow, boasting how she had Damon wrapped around her finger. Damon was wise enough not to start an argument in front of others, but for them, he looked like he was too love-stricken to contradict her.
　　Talia felt irritation and helplessness bubbling inside her. Why did being Damon's mate come with so many rules and restrictions? Will her life from now going to be about watching her words and expressions? How can she enjoy it like that?
　　Talia looked at Damon who patiently waited for her to speak and Talia steeled her resolve. She will learn. If Damon could take over the pack at the age of seventeen and not only survive and protect it but make it better, she can definitely learn how to be a good Luna. Besides, she was not alone; she had friends and she had Damon, and she needed to clarify, "I'm sorry. It was not my intention to challenge your authority, I was just speaking my mind."
　　"And that's fine. You have a beautiful mind. I love your mind, kitten. Remember, you are an Alpha also. Your wolf and your spirit match mine and you have every right to challenge me, and I will do the same to you. However, our disagreements will be handled in private."
　　Talia nodded at Damon's words, and he had to add, "If you didn't say anything last night while we were outside, Sandy and the guys would go home. Once you convinced me that I was too strict, I would mind-link them that they can party as long as they do it in moderation. They would get their party, and not think of me as a henpecked husband."
　　"I didn't…"
　　"I know.", Damon cut her off. "But this is more than just my bruised ego. Right now, all Alphas are keeping their eyes on me. I can't trust that any of them would stick his neck out to save mine."
　　"What about Max?"
　　"I consider Max to be my friend, but if he needs to pick between siding with me and watching over his pack, I'm not confident he will have my back. The reality is that not every situation is black or white. Most of the life is shades of gray and we need to pick an option that minimizes our losses without the possibility where we can save everyone." Damon released a long breath. He didn't want to sound like a paranoid person who didn't trust anyone.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 628 The gravity of being a Luna (3)
Chapter 628 The gravity of being a Luna (3)
　　Damon touched Talia's chin, making her look at him, and he spoke, "My point about everyone watching me was that now people know I have a Luna and they will be watching you. I don't want to think what they will try once the word spreads how much influence you have over me. Some will try to befriend you, some to manipulate you, and if they get a hint of how powerful you are…" Damon couldn't finish. Would they kill her? That would be an easy way out compared to the torture they might put her through in order to understand the secret behind her abilities and to force her to work for them. And he didn't even want to think about the breeding nonsense that was making his blood boil.
　　"I'm not saying that you should be silent. I'm not saying that you should hide. But I'm begging you to stay safe.", Damon said to Talia with all the sincerity in the world. "It doesn't matter how much you value your life, but I need you to understand that for me, and for our pack, you are indispensable. If anything happens to you, we will all perish."
　　Talia's expression was so dejected that Damon couldn't scold her anymore. "It's OK, kitten. You will learn."
　　"I don't have the time to learn.", she said. "I am already a Luna and I need to do things right."
　　"That's OK, kitten. Don't stress over it. You are doing great already.", he assured her.
　　Talia shook her head. How can he do great if just last night she did two things worth getting reprimanded for?
　　"Can we come up with some way of communication where you will let me know on the spot when I make a mistake?"
　　Damon was amused that she forgot about their private mind-link. It only showed how flustered she was by this situation, and he found her cute and worth teasing.
　　Damon pursed his lips while thinking. "I can spank you.", he said with a straight face.
　　Talia rolled her eyes. "I was serious."
　　"So was I."
　　"You can't spank me in front of others."
　　"But you can walk over me in public?", Damon fired back.
　　"Of course not. Just how it's not appropriate for me to challenge you in public, it's not appropriate for you to spank me in public."
　　Damon's lips lifted into a smile. "That sounded like I can do it in private."
　　Talia's eyes widened. Why did he look like a hungry wolf who cornered a sheep? Was she a sheep?
　　"Tell me, kitten", Damon spoke, his voice lowered by an octave, sending tingles straight to her core. "Can I spank you?"
　　"You know you can. In private."
　　"I can?"
　　Talia bit her lower lip as graphic images of Damon taking her from behind flashed in his mind. She had pink palm prints on her butt cheeks, and there was loud moaning, and Damon looked at Talia who was sitting on the bed and smiling at him coyly. 
　　He yanked the cover away to expose both of their naked bodies completely, including his erection that was standing in attention.
　　"We have time until breakfast.", Damon said while inching toward her. "Let me make that wish a reality."
　　"What wish?", Talia squeaked. His proximity left her breathless.
　　"What you showed me. It looked like a wish." He pushed her on the bed with his body and hovered above her. "But first, I want you to promise me one thing."
　　"What?", Talia asked anxiously, even though she was ready to promise anything. Considering that his demand was postponing carnal pleasures, Talia guessed it was important.
　　"I want you to prioritize your safety, kitten. Keith and the guys are your guards for a reason. They are trained warriors who pledged their loyalty to you. Let them do their work. Promise me that you won't be reckless."
　　"I can do that. I promise.", Talia said right away.
　　Damon knew she meant it and he also knew that if her guards were at risk, she would plunge into that fight without a second thought.
　　"I want you to think about me every time you are in danger.", Damon continued. "If anything happens to you, I will kill your guards. And if anything serious happens to you, it will kill me." He saw that Talia's expression fell. "It's not pleasant to think I will die, isn't it?", he asked. "I feel the same about you, kitten. Be safe. For me. OK?"
　　Talia nodded earnestly.
　　He leaned lower to kiss her lips, and then his kisses traveled down her chin, over her jaw, along her neck… and reached the spot where his mark was still looking like an elaborate hickey. He will definitely need to bite her again.
　　Damon licked his mark and sucked on it gently as Talia shivered below him, her body coiled in the rhythm of his tongue on her flesh.
　　"Good girl. Now turn around and let me see my ass. I hear that it needs some spanking."
　　Talia's arousal swelled within a second and she swiftly moved to lay on her stomach, hoping that Damon won't come up with more stories and demands for promises that would delay their morning fun.
　　Damon took his time adjusting her hips and pulling her backward until she was on her knees, her two white half-moons up in the air with the perfect pink flesh below that was glistening with her arousal. The image was erotic beyond belief.
　　With his index finger, Damon traced the curve of her spine, going lower right in the middle between her butt cheeks. 
　　Talia jolted when his finger paused on her puckered hole, applying slight pressure while rotating without going in, and she gasped as unknown tingles increased her arousal. What was that?
　　"Soon, kitten…", Damon murmured, hunger evident in his voice. "Soon, I will claim your every cavity."
　　Before Talia could process the meaning behind his words, Damon continued tracing the pinkish path that led him to the treasure cove which called for him.
　　Talia moaned softly when his fingers found their way between her drenched folds.
　　"You know, kitten…", Damon said, and she felt the loss of his touch when he pulled his hand away. "You were a bad girl, and I shouldn't give you what you want."
　　Talia was alerted. What did that mean? She craned her neck so that she can see him. "What?"
　　Damon was on his knees, behind Talia, visually inspecting her bare ass, and that raging hard-on was impossible to miss.
　　"You should be aware of your position, and how important you are.", he said. "How should I punish you?"
　　Talia wiggled her hips. "Can we talk later?"
　　"How about we talk now?"
　　Talia exhaled in frustration. She didn't want to play games. She wanted to feel his majestic cock stretching her insides! "What do you want me to say?"
　　"Tell me that you are sorry and that it won't happen again."
　　"I am sorry, and it won't happen again.", she said with urgency.
　　Damon put his hand back at the cradle of her thighs and caressed her clit. "What won't happen again?"
　　"I won't…" She moaned. "Undermine you… in front of others."
　　"And?"
　　"I won't be…" Talia moaned again. "Reckless. Ahh!" She shrieked when he entered her in one mighty thrust without any warning.
　　"Tell me again, kitten.", Damon said while gripping her hips to hold her in place.
　　"I wo…" She gasped when he rocked into her, but the moment she stopped talking, he stopped moving. Talia groaned in frustration, and she tried to move against him, but his grip cemented them together.  
　　Talia tightened her kegel muscles, clenching his cock in rhythmical pulses.  
　　Damon's breath hitched and he released a barely audible sigh. Seductress! 
　　Damon took a moment to compose himself. He will NOT give in. Not this time. This was about control and he was in control, damn it!
　　He leaned over her and reached to pinch her nipple.  
　　"Ahh...", Talia moaned, irritated that he could prevent her from moving with just one hand on her hip.  
　　"Talk to me, kitten.", he insisted, and she could hear that he was smiling. "If you don't tell me, I won't let you come."
　　Talia was alerted. Will he really rob her of her orgasm? That was pure evil!
　　But he was inside her, and around her, and she really wanted him to plunder her insides.
　　Talia inhaled a shaky breath. "I… won't…"
　　He resumed rocking into her. 
　　"I... mmm… reckless… ahh…"
　　Damon enjoyed her struggle. Was this punishment enough? It was a start.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 629 Ready to go
Chapter 629 Ready to go
　　Talia and Damon came down for breakfast, and they found at the table Maya, Caden, Dawn, George, Zina, James, Cornelia, as well as three of Talia's guards that came to the packhouse with backpacks, ready to depart on their mission or accompanying their Luna: Keith, Liam, and Sandy.
　　Mindy and Gideon were in their new home, enjoying the privacy. They announced last night that they probably won't be coming out for a few days, unless absolutely necessary. Gideon said that they will be settling in their new home and preparing the garden, but everyone knew that the only garden he will be tending to was between Mindy's legs.
　　Talia was happy for her friend. Mindy was glowing.
　　Even without the Shaman and the dildo-gifting woman, Damon found that the dining table was crowded. For years, it was just him with Maya, Caden, and occasionally Stephanie would join, and this was definitely different. Was it a good different or a bad different? Damon was not sure, but he knew that these changes were because of Talia. Like a real Luna, she was attracting people and she did that even before she found out that she was Damon's mate. Talia was natural.
　　After wishing everyone in the dining room good morning, Damon held a chair for Talia to sit on, and then he got busy with putting food on her plate.
　　Talia couldn't stop her lips from lifting into a smile whenever Damon's obsession with feeding her sparked. By now, Talia knew that every male werewolf had a need to provide for his mate (food included), but for her, it had another meaning. Talia was starving during her time in the Red Moon pack, when the food was limited while she was a child, and it became scarcer while she hid in the attic. Having a full stomach was rare, and since coming here, Damon was making sure she never goes hungry again.
　　Now that she thought about it, Talia chided herself for dismissing the signs. From day one, Damon was treating her as his mate, and if not for her insecurities, she would be able to see it.
　　Damon was putting bacon on Talia's plate and his movements halted when he noticed Talia staring at him. He shot her a side glance and his smile reflected in his eyes. "What?", he asked.
　　Talia was not sure how to respond, so she opened her emotions so he can feel all the love she had for him.
　　Damon bobbed his head happily and then he leaned to put a soft kiss on her lips.
　　"I love you too.", he said and then he continued putting food on her plate.
　　Talia's cheeks reddened when she realized that Damon confessed his love, and they were sitting at the table full of people. Did others hear that? Probably.
　　She admired that Damon didn't shrink in front of their audience. He was totally focused on her, and not caring for his Alpha image. Wasn't he the sweetest?
　　Talia remembered that she had a task, and she turned to talk to Cornelia.  
　　"We will go the Midnight Guardians pack."
　　"When?", Cornelia asked.
　　"After breakfast.", Talia responded. "We are not sure how long we will stay in the Midnight Guardians pack, but unless something unexpected happens, we will go to the Silver Flame Coven next. We were wondering if you want to come with us or maybe prepare a message for Evanora."
　　James saw Cornelia's expression changing and his stomach tightened. Why did it take so long to respond? It should be a simple yes or no. Why was she avoiding to look at him? He knew that expression. She was thinking of going without him!
　　James had no intention of letting Cornelia out of his touching distance.
　　He reached to hold her hand and gave her a squeeze to get her attention.
　　"We can go if you wish.", James said to Cornelia. Actually, he knew that she wanted to go home, and he was curious about the place from where she came. Also, the time difference was awesome to extend their time together without the influence of his father. 
　　Seeing that Cornelia only blinked at him, James turned to Talia and Damon. "We will be ready in half an hour."
　　Damon's brows furrowed. "Are you sure you can come?"
　　James didn't expect this. He feared that Cornelia will refuse him, and not Damon. "Why not?"
　　"How long will you be away? What if Alpha Edward asks for your presence?" It was George who said this.
　　James thought for a second before responding. "You can give him daily reports. Tell him that I went with a group of warriors to train in the mountains for a few days and I will be off-grid. In case any emergency happens, there should be a way for you to contact me." James looked at Damon. "You have a way to contact the Midnight Guardians pack, right? Your Betas can reach you."
　　"Riiiight.", Damon drawled. "But my concern was something else." Damon glanced at Talia before adding, "The location of the Midnight Guardians pack is a secret. I'm not sure if you can go."
　　James pointed at Talia. "Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack is right here. She can approve my request to go there. And besides, we are too deep in each other's secrets to nitpick about things like the location of a portal. Do you think I will tell my father about it and bring the army to occupy Talia's pack? You should know how that move would bring my father closer to Cora's home, and I would never put her in danger!"
　　Damon raised his hands, palms toward James, indicating for him to calm down. "I was not doubting you. However, what if Alpha Edward uses his aura to make you submit and spill the truth?"
　　"He won't.", James said with confidence. "For your peace of mind, I will accept to be blindfolded so I don't know where the portal is. My father won't waste his aura on me. He has no idea what I'm capable of. I will tell him that I was having fun with friends in the evening, and he will flip. He might smack me a few times, but I am used to it."
　　Cornelia was alerted by the possibility of James being questioned and beaten. Her heart tightened. "Are you sure you want to come? It will be better if you stay here."
　　James frowned. Why was everyone discouraging him from going? 
　　James spoke to Cora. "It seems you decided to head back without me. I know you have doubts because I don't feel the bond fully, but how can I prove myself if you leave me behind? I have at least a few days before I need to return to the Red Moon pack, and I'm determined to spend them with you. If you are going, so will I."
　　"What will happen after those few days?", Cornelia asked.
　　"We will think about it then. Things are changing quickly. I thought that after breakfast I will take you to the amusement park, yet here we are, about to pack our things and head to another realm. How I see it, a few days is waaaaay too far away into the future.", James spoke quickly and before Cornelia could , he stuffed a piece of sausage in her mouth. There, he fed his mate. And he will also stick to her until she loses the last shred of her reluctance to be with him.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 630 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (1)
Chapter 630 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (1)
　　~ The Midnight Guardians pack ~
　　Axel got a message through the mind-link that Alpha is back with six other people, and Axel rushed from his office to welcome them.
　　He found at the main entrance Damon, Talia, James, Cornelia, and three new faces (Keith, Sandy, and Liam).
　　Meg was there already instructing Omegas where to take the suitcases.
　　Axel was surprised to see that Talia came with so many people. James and Cornelia were familiar faces, as Axel saw them in the Lightclaw pack, but he didn't know who Keith, Liam, and Sandy were. Talia was quick to introduce them as her guards.
　　"Why didn't you say that you are coming?", Axel asked Talia and pulled her into his embrace while ignoring Damon's low growls of warning.
　　Talia patted Axel's back. "If I told you we are coming, you would make a fuss about it. Besides, didn't you say that this is my home? Do I need to announce my arrival?"
　　Axel puffed his cheeks in frustration. "I wouldn't make a fuss, but we would at least prepare some snacks and I would make sure everyone important is here."  
　　Talia glanced behind Axel who was now shaking hands with Damon, to see Yasmin and Kai coming down the stairs.
　　Cornelia swiftly moved toward Yasmin, and the two witches hugged and started talking at the same time excitedly. For Cornelia, it was a few days since she saw Yasmin, but for Yasmin, it was months without seeing a fellow witch. It was good to see a familiar face.
　　Talia noticed that one person was missing. "Where is Tyler?"
　　"Tyler is on his shift to guard the portal toward the witches' realm.", Kai responded. "He will be back in time for dinner."
　　"I hope there are no incidents there.", Talia said and looked at Axel curiously.
　　"No incidents.", Axel confirmed. "We were busy here and we didn't get a chance to visit, but now that you came, we can go together." 
　　He didn't want to say that he was nervous about meeting Evanora without Talia. What if Evanora doesn't approve that he knocked up Yasmin so quickly? Or what if Evanora wants to keep Yasmin there? Axel needed Talia as assurance that things will go well.
　　Meg got an idea. Since their Alpha was back, they could do something extra. "We should organize a welcoming dinner, something better than the cafeteria."
　　"Please, don't do anything extra for us.", Talia urged them. "I am fine with the cafeteria and everyone else is curious to see how things are done here."
　　Meg refused. "How can that be? People will be delighted that you are back."
　　Yasmin interjected. "However, it's already mid-afternoon, and if we try to organize a feast, it will be rushed. Let's have a regular meal today and announce a feast for tomorrow. Like that, we will have time to prepare a proper welcome."
　　Kai was on it. "For tonight, our warriors can go hunting."
　　Axel grinned. "Barbeque for everyone! We can make it lunchtime so that party continues until wee hours of the night..."
　　Meg ushered Damon, Talia, and others up the stairs. "Let me show you to your rooms. When you settle, we can all meet in the living area…"
　　Talia exhaled helplessly when she saw that Axel, Yasmin, and Kai were already planning the feast. They were visibly excited, and she couldn't stop them without being a party pooper.
　　…
　　Damon and Talia found themselves in a massive suite that had an entry and a sitting area. It was a corner room on the topmost floor with large windows on the left and in front that provided views of the forest. On the right, was a door that led to a bedroom, bathroom, and a walk-in closet.
　　The design was traditional, with upscale elegance that offered comfort.
　　Pastel blue patterned chairs and cushioned ottomans were in the sitting area around a long coffee table. There was a fireplace, a fluffy carpet, and antique-looking paintings and statues.
　　It should be warm and inviting, yet Talia walked around the furniture like it was dirty even though everything smelled fresh. The room was cleaned thoroughly and recently. Talia guessed that Omegas maintained it regularly, even in Talia's absence.
　　She couldn't stop her mind from wandering to the past and things that might have been.
　　Was this where her mother was sitting and caressing her belly while Talia was inside? Were her parents happy to have a child before they found out about the prophecy? Is this where Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia discussed giving Talia away? Were they sad to give her away? If she grew up in this pack, would she spill juice on that coffee table? Or would she play on that carpet?
　　So many possibilities and things that didn't happen filled this space, and Talia found it suffocating.
　　From the moment they stepped into the suite, Damon could see that this was an important area, worthy of the Alpha family.
　　Damon observed the paintings that hung on the walls, landscapes and animals mostly. He noticed a faint rectangle-shaped outline on the wall above the fireplace, where wooden art décor was hanging now. It was obvious that a big painting was there previously, for a long time; Damon guessed that it might be a family portrait of some kind and Axel removed it in order not to upset Talia.
　　Damon turned to Talia when he noticed that her emotions became unstable. He had an idea of what caused it and he knew that it won't be good to ignore the elephant in the room.  
　　"Is this where Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac lived before you took away their Alpha positions?", he asked.
　　"I believe so.", Talia responded. Axel said that he will let her use the main bedroom.
　　"Where are they now?", Damon asked.
　　"I'm not sure. The last thing I knew, they were in the main house."
　　Damon peeked into the bedroom and then dashed into it.
　　"Come!", Damon called, and Talia followed to find him sprawled on the king-sized bed that had a floral cover.
　　He patted the bed next to him, silently telling her to join him.
　　Talia hesitated. "I don't think we should use this." She released a long breath. "I want to talk to Axel and tell him that he should take over the position of the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack." Talia felt that it was the right thing to do, yet her heart was aching.
　　Damon turned to the side and propped his head on his elbow. "Do you hate it that much?"
　　"This is not about me hating or not. It's about what people need and about what's practical.", she responded and Damon raised his hands, indicating that he won't meddle.
　　"No matter what you decide, kitten, I will support you."
　　Talia nodded gratefully.
　　Talia thought about this many times, and the conclusion was always the same.
　　No matter how Talia felt about it, the reality was that she wanted to be with Damon, in the Dark Howlers pack, and she never heard of an Alpha working remotely. Would she be able to think about the Midnight Guardians pack while being Damon's Luna? 
　　On this side, Axel already knew people, and he knew the work, and it shouldn't be a big deal to let him take over everything, officially.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 631 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (2)
Chapter 631 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (2)
　　Damon and Talia came to the living room, and they found Yasmin there with Meg.
　　"Is the room to your liking?", Meg asked. "If you need anything, let us know."
　　"It's wonderful.", Talia responded.
　　"Don't treat her like a guest.", Yasmin reminded Meg. "This is her house."
　　"I don't treat her like a guest.", Meg snapped back. "I treat her like Alpha. Since Talia was not here for a while, I don't want her to feel awkward."
　　Talia smiled at this banter between Yasmin and Meg. It showed that they are getting along well. 
　　"Where is Axel?", Talia asked. She wanted to talk about giving him the Alpha position.
　　"He is dealing with some urgent matters. Axel will join us soon.", Yasmin responded and gestured toward several plates on the low table that had snacks on them. "Please, help yourself. I hope you can feel at home and I don't need to urge you to eat. I can show you where the kitchen is and other amenities."
　　Talia smiled at Yasmin who was acting as a wonderful Luna. "We can do the tour later when others join us."
　　Damon and Talia sat on the sofa, and Damon was quick to start picking snacks and feeding Talia.
　　Talia wondered when would be a good time to give baby-related presents to Yasmin, and then James and Cornelia entered.
　　Yasmin was also busy putting snacks on her plate.  
　　"Do you have any food restrictions because of pregnancy?", Cornelia asked Yasmin, and then she looked at James who had a palm-sized plate in his hand, filling it with snacks from the table, and Cornelia knew that was for her. Silly werewolf.
　　Yasmin rubbed her perfectly flat belly. "They are doing fine. I can eat whatever I want."
　　Talia paused. While getting pregnancy-related information from Doctor Travis, he told her a few things. Pregnancy for werewolves lasts five months, even when the female is human. Considering that Talia discovered Yasmin's pregnancy three days ago in the human realm, shouldn't that be three months for Yasmin? Yasmin should be more than halfway along, so… why didn't she have a big belly? Or was it different for witches?
　　"Did you see a doctor?", Talia asked Yasmin.
　　"Healers are checking on me every few days.", Yasmin responded with a smile, and she noticed Talia's puzzled expression. "Is something the matter?"
　　Talia cursed internally for allowing her confusion to show. Doctor Travis said that pregnant women are emotional and they should avoid stress. Wouldn't hinting that something was wrong, be stressful for Yasmin? But Yasmin was already looking at her, so she couldn't brush it off.
　　"I was just wondering, how far along you are."
　　Yasmin was not sure how to respond to this. She caressed her belly. "The healers said that everything is fine with my babies, and they are growing well."
　　Talia facepalmed. How did she forget that they don't have ultrasound machines here? In order to avoid more confusion, Talia decided to explain, "The time here passes thirty times faster than in the human realm. Considering that three days passed for us, that would be at least three months into your pregnancy. You are carrying twins so your belly should show. That's all."
　　Yasmin never gave much thought related to the time difference between realms, but... "Are you saying that my babies are growing slower than they should?"
　　Cornelia spoke, "Maybe the time passes thirty times the speed, but the energies here are not matching it."
　　"What does that mean?", James asked. Did that mean he had less time with Cornelia than he thought?
　　"Energies make everything move. They affect the flow of a river, the strength of the wind, the speed at which we age, as well as our perception of time.", Cornelia started explaining. "The flow of energies here is almost the same as in my realm, but it's not thirty times faster than in the realm of humans."
　　Everyone was processing this in silence, and James summarized, "You are saying that even though the day and night here pass thirty times faster compared to the human's realm, creatures are not aging at the same rate."
　　"Correct.", Cornelia confirmed. "Time is relative. Think of it as a movement. The faster we move, the slower we age. In theory, if we could move at the speed of light, we would stop aging." Cornelia smirked, obviously proud of herself. "I read that on the internet."
　　She spent hours cooped up in the room with a tablet in her hand, researching history, humans, and anything else she found there. 
　　Several books in the library of the Silver Flame Coven describe humans as creatures without any specific abilities. However, from the information she found online, Cornelia realized that humans are perceptive, curious, and ingenious.
　　Humans can't feel the energies, how witches can, but they see the things happening around them and they developed technology that helps them accomplish things they couldn't with their bodies. In a way, Cornelia was fascinated by humans, and she hoped for a chance to find out more about them.
　　"Wait, wait", Talia said. "You are saying that even though three months passed, Yasmin is not three months pregnant?" It didn't make sense.
　　"If she is in the human realm, it would be three months into her pregnancy.", Cornelia said. "But Yasmin spent that time here, where energies flow differently, and you can't apply your measure of time to this realm."
　　"You seem disappointed.", Damon said to Talia.
　　Was she disappointed? "I'm just trying to wrap my head around this information."
　　"Maybe the creator didn't intend for us to pass through portals and spend time in different realms.", Yasmin said.
　　"Or maybe he did.", Cornelia chimed in. "Every realm has its advantages."
　　Damon frowned at this. "This validates that we need to be cautious when revealing to the world existence of other realms. For us, the difference in time and aging doesn't mean much, but short-lived humans would definitely not stay in their realm if they can come here and extend their lifespans. With their technology and numbers, it would be a matter of time until they find the entrance to this place." He shook his head. "Imagine the fortune one would make if they can monopolize access to the portal and control who gets in or out."
　　Talia puffed her cheeks in frustration. Her wish was to get everyone together, but with every next step, she found more reasons to back down.
　　"I get it.", Talia said grumpily. "People are greedy and vicious, and they won't hold back from harming others in their quest for power. But…" Her expression stiffened. "Is that the reason for everyone else to suffer? Hundreds of members from the Midnight Guardians pack are withering here without their mates because they fear what awaits them on the other side of the portal. Don't tell me that everyone is evil. I'm confident that most of our pack members are not power-hungry villains. They want to find their mates, and live with their families, without looking over their shoulder if they will be hunted. That's not too much to ask. How can we make it happen?"
　　Talia noticed that Axel was standing at the door with a small smile of approval of Talia's words.  
　　"That's easy.", James said, getting everyone's attention. "We live in a world where power rules. Do you want to change things? Get to the top. Be the most powerful one and suppress everyone who opposes you."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 633 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (4)
Chapter 633 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (4)
　　"First of all…", Axel's voice trailed and he sucked in a sharp breath as he steeled his resolve to continue talking. 
　　"It's embarrassing to admit, but the truth is that you are stronger than I am. Alpha is the strongest one in the pack for a reason. Other than leading our people, you are also representing our pack in front of others. One needs to earn that honor. If I accept being the Alpha while you are alive and kicking, I won't be able to look people in the eyes. That alone will make me unfit to be an Alpha."
　　"I don't see myself as stronger than you are, Axel. You can overpower me in a second, and even if I miraculously dodge your first attack, you will defeat me with a polished fighting technique."
　　Axel shook his head, rejecting Talia's arguments. "You should know that strength is not defined by how heavy a punch is. Just as you are aware that I can overpower you, I know that your abilities can't be measured. You are kind and determined, and you will go above and beyond to improve the livelihood of our people."
　　Talia was not willing to give up easily. "Why are you making a big deal out of it? How is this different than Alpha Isaac stepping down so that you can take over?"
　　Axel cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "Father would step down because he is tired and because he believes I'm ready, and that means I am stronger than he is. My wolf won't allow me to challenge you, and that means you are better than I am because my wolf is always eager to fight, but he is not stupid to start something he can't win. Your existence is enough to make me unfit to lead."
　　Talia was not sure how to respond to this. She knew that Alphas were proud creatures who thrived when their people admired them but what was that about his wolf not allowing him to challenge her? There was no need for a challenge when she would step down on her own.
　　"You said that was the first thing. What's the second one?"
　　"Let's assume you abdicate, and I become the Alpha. If our pack is in danger, will you sit aside and watch?", Axel asked.
　　"No.", Talia responded right away.
　　Axel smirked. "You can't see our pack members suffer, and you will not only help, but you will also do whatever is necessary to protect our people. That's an Alpha."
　　"I will help anyone who is in trouble.", Talia tried to reason with him.
　　"It's not the same, Talia. Because these are our people, we share the bond, and you can feel their emotions. I can assure you that even though you have a good heart, you will treat the needs of the Midnight Guardians pack with urgency."
　　Talia puffed her cheeks in frustration. Why did he have reasonable counterarguments ready? "And? Is there a third thing? A fourth one? Or more?"
　　Axel reached to hold Talia's hand. "Just one more." He clasped her hand between his and instructed, "Close your eyes, Talia. Open your mind and soul to the pack and tell me what you feel."
　　Talia closed her eyes and did as instructed.
　　A few seconds later, Talia was looking at Axel.
　　"They are happy.", she said.
　　"Do you know why?"
　　"Because of the feast.", Talia responded.
　　Axel shook his head. "They are excited about the feast, but it's not about the food. They are happy because you are here. Our pack worships you. I know that you will say how you barely spent any time here as an Alpha, but you left a lasting impression. You connected with our people, understood what they want and need, and you are working to make it happen, and that's what a good Alpha does. Do you think I would be a better Alpha than you are? They see me as an extension of our parents while you… you are a fresh breeze that brings exciting changes. Previous Alphas believed they were keeping their pack safe, but they created this cage that was beautiful and suffocating. I can assure you that without you as the Alpha, our people will lose hope, and that will make them suffer."
　　He gave her hand a squeeze. "You feel the bond with the pack, right? The thought of abandoning our people is hurting you and they will be hurt if you go through with it. They believe in you, and you should believe in yourself because I know you can do it."
　　Axel smirked, feeling that Talia gave up on the idea to step down. "Don't worry about the workload. I will be your proxy, and with Yasmin, Kai, Meg, and Tyler, we won't disturb you unless it's necessary. We can schedule to meet occasionally where we will discuss current issues and plans for the future. We can create instant transportation points between us and the Dark Howlers pack. That will allow our members to mingle, and you can come here in an instant. Of course, we will be visiting as well."
　　Talia narrowed her eyes at Axel. "You were preparing for this, didn't you?"
　　Axel chuckled. He had a lot of time to think about things, and also… "If I didn't see this coming, I wouldn't be worthy of being your proxy, Alpha Talia.", Axel said smugly. "Meg told us about what happened at the Council of the Alphas. I hear that you are the most powerful Alpha. I would be stupid to let you go without a fight."
　　Talia knew what he was talking about. It was about the glowing sphere and the Guardians, and that reminded her… "I want to look into existing records to see if there is a connection between our pack and the Guardians."
　　"That's not a problem." He stood up and walked to one of the desks and then he got something from the top drawer.
　　Talia wondered if he had that information handy already, but then Axel handed her a notebook.
　　Talia opened the first page, and she saw writings organized in bullet points. Names, timestamps, and descriptions.
　　Axel explained, "The Red Moon pack wants a meeting with the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and it seems they are eager to meet with you. Among several emails, Beta Raymond called twice, and Alpha Edward personally called once. They also asked for an address where they can send a package."
　　"A package?", Talia asked, confusion obvious on her face. What would Alpha Edward send her? A bomb?
　　Axel shrugged, indicating that he didn't know more than that. "Of course, I didn't give him an address. That's a human thing and it's not like we have a post office handy. I asked them what they want to send, but they said how that's for Alpha Talia to find out."
　　Talia frowned at this and continued reading things that were written while Axel spoke.
　　"You are invited to the party to celebrate the sixteenth birthday of young Alpha James."
　　Birthdays of high-ranking pack members were used as a way to strengthen existing and create new connections. She would be invited as Damon's Luna anyway. Will she go? James is a nice guy, and by then Dawn will be there also, so Talia could visit her to ensure that her friend was doing well. However, Alpha Edward made Talia's skin crawl and that packhouse was full of bad memories. What if she bumps into Anna (aka her personal Omega bully) and Anna recognizes her? Will Damon go? 
　　There were too many things to consider and  Talia decided to think about James' birthday later.  
　　Talia turned the page of the notebook and paused. "Guardians?"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 634 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (5)
Chapter 634 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (5)
　　Talia turned the page and paused. "Guardians?"
　　"Yes.", Axel said. "They also want to meet with you. A person introduced himself as Julian. He said he has information that might interest you."
　　Talia released a long breath. She wanted to know more about the Guardians, and she would love to meet with them. However, that was before they implied how powerful people would want to get their hands on her and that if she doesn't join them, she will be either corrupted or killed. And weren't the Guardians powerful? Also, they concealed their nature as magic users, and Talia didn't believe that she can join them and swear to neutrality. And there was a problem with her injecting with the memory-erasing potion. What if he remembered, or someone saw it? There could be security cameras they didn't notice. The more Talia thought about it, the more reasons not to meet with the Guardians piled up. What if it's a trap? They could use runes or other items to seal her abilities and she would be a lamb going for slaughter.
　　"Problem?", Axel's question pulled Talia out of her thoughts.
　　Talia didn't want to share the gruesome scenarios that her mind conjured, and she decided to stick to the facts. "They want me to join them."
　　Axel needed a moment to process this. Everyone thought about the Midnight Guardians pack as mysterious, but the even more mysterious were the Guardians.
　　The Guardians were practically invisible unless there was an important issue that required the involvement of the packs. Axel remembered his parents talking about Guardians with respect and a hint of fear, and that meant the Guardians were dangerous.
　　It was one thing to meet with them; Talia was a new Alpha of unknown origin, so it would be normal for Guardians to be curious, but to ask her to join them? That was unheard of.  
　　Seeing Axel's confused expression, Talia confirmed. "After the Council of the Alphas was done, they asked me to stay behind. I told Meg that she can head home because Damon was accompanying me. At that time, they invited me to join them as a Guardian." Talia looked at Axel seriously. "They have powers, like witches. When we were in the room where the meeting was held, they used runes to suppress the Alpha aura."
　　"My advice is not to meet with them.", Axel said solemnly.
　　Talia gestured to the notebook. "They called twice. Ignoring Alpha Edward is one thing, but I fear that ignoring Guardians will come with consequences."
　　Axel didn't like this. "Every pack has its strengths. Are you saying that you will obey Guardians because they have abilities?"
　　Talia was not sure what to do about Guardians inviting her, and the thought of meeting Alpha Edward again was making her skin crawl. The Midnight Guardians pack was known as difficult to approach. Maybe she can use that and just ignore them.
　　Talia was glad that Damon was there. She will talk to him. It's not that she didn't trust Axel, but Damon came with knowledge and experience, and he was her home.  
　　She decided to see if there was something else in that notebook.  
　　One page after another was filled with information.
　　"What is this?", she asked.
　　"Alphas who want to meet with you.", Axel said, like it was obvious.
　　Well, it was obvious that people wanted to meet with her, but Talia was wondering if that was normal. She met those people at the Council of the Alphas. She was the youngest, and the only female Alpha, and these were not only messages from Alphas, but other high-ranking pack members also, and the WW Magazine.
　　Talia guessed that people who attended that meeting were curious about her, and they spread the news how the Midnight Guardians pack has a new Alpha but did she really leave such a good impression? Or were they calling her to trap her somehow? Or was this just curiosity and she was overthinking it?
　　Talia remembered Alphas who were leaving the Council of Alphas and she felt a headache coming. Who knew what was hidden behind those sickly smiles?
　　She pursed her lips when she saw that Alpha Richard from the Steelbite pack also wanted to meet with her. Can she secure another tribute?, Talia wondered. That was a possibility. Talia saw that his invitation was for Talia to visit the Steelbite pack with her delegation and to stay in their packhouse. Will Cassie be there? Talia couldn't imagine Cassie's reaction if she recognizes Talia (aka Damon's date) as the Alpha. That would probably turn ugly quickly.
　　…
　　Kai and Meg were giving a tour of the place to Damon, Keith, Liam, and Sandy.
　　After going through the few common areas of the main building, they went to the garden and Kai was telling them how that was the place where Talia became the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　Kai and Meg were visibly excited as they don't get visitors often, and these people were associated with Talia, their Alpha, so Kai and Meg tried to leave the best impression.
　　Damon listened about the ceremony with great interest, and he felt sorry for missing it. His emotions changed into guilt and self-loathing when he realized how all that happened while he was under the influence of the dark magic, unaware of Talia as his mate. At that time, he thought of her as an enemy, someone who tried to seduce him and manipulate him, and the only thing she wanted to do was to help him. His shy kitten even accepted this Alpha position and she stood on her own in front of the crowd and went to a different realm and... he was not there to protect her and to provide support.
　　Damon wondered if he will ever be able to make it up to Talia. Well, it was not really making it up to her, because Talia obviously put all that behind them and she was happily planning for their future, but Damon couldn't forget how he mistreated her, and he wished to scrape those memories out of his mind so that he could breathe freely again.
　　He craved Talia's proximity, to press herself against him, look at him with her doe eyes colored with honey, and tell him that things are fine between them while allowing him to feel her love. Unfortunately, Talia went to the study with Axel, obviously wanting to talk to her brother in private and Damon forced himself not to go after them.
　　It was the first time that she asked him to stay behind, and he felt neglected.
　　Damon didn't approve. What did Talia want to say that Axel could hear and not Damon? Damon never left her behind. He wanted her to know everything he was up to.
　　Talia was his mate, but in this place, Talia was the Alpha and he needed to show her the respect she deserved.
　　Damon frowned. If Talia was the Alpha, as her mate, wasn't he the Luna of the Midnight Guardians pack?
　　Male Luna. That was unheard of!
　　He was not just any Mike or Joe. He was Alpha Damon Blake, the most powerful Alpha of their generation, yet now he wondered if anyone would be brazen enough to address him as Luna Damon. Whoever does that, will get a taste of Damon's fist.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 635 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (6)
Chapter 635 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (6)
　　Sandy took the opportunity to ask Meg, "Where are the people?" Somehow, she expected a bustling scenery of desirable virgins, yet they didn't see a single werewolf other than their hosts and Omegas that were moving silently through the main building.
　　Where are the hot untouched guys!?
　　Meg missed the hint of lust in Sandy's words, and she responded innocently. "In this pack, most of the things are happening underground."
　　Meg also thought that living underground was strange when she arrived at the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　Sandy wondered if she heard Meg right, and Keith and Liam also perked up their ears to listen.
　　Werewolves were free spirits, craving open space without walls and restrictions, always looking up at the moon and the stars, and how can any of that be possible unless one was outside? Underground was only for storage and dungeons.
　　"Underground?", Sandy asked, obviously wanting more information.
　　Meg confirmed. "It's our way of living without disturbing nature. Think of it as a system of interconnected burrows. We have our personal quarters and common areas. Exits are made in such a way that you could pass by them and not notice unless you knew what you were looking for."
　　"Don't you feel suffocated?", Sandy asked.
　　Meg stifled a giggle. "I had the same concerns when I came here because I was imagining cramped dark caves. However, the inside is well-lit and spacious, and we can come out anytime to stretch our paws. When I run through the forest that doesn't have any marks of us living here, it's all worth it. You will see."
　　Sandy shook those thoughts away. Who cares if living underground was suffocating or not? It's not like she was going to live here. Her question was more related to… "So, where are the warriors?" The unmated ones. "You must have training grounds of some sort."
　　Sandy hoped that she sounded like a warrior who was eager to train and expand her horizons, and it was not like that was completely false. If she could spar with a half-naked muscular guy who never experienced pleasures of the flesh, that would be great.
　　Kai responded to Sandy, "If you think about training grounds how the Dark Howlers pack has, you will be disappointed. We are not a militaristic pack. The number of our warriors is small, as we mostly have scouts and people with other skills."
　　"You mean, people with abilities.", Keith chimed in and when he saw Kai and Meg giving him puzzled looks, Keith quickly said, "Luna Talia told us how special this pack is."
　　Meg's expression stiffened. "It's ALPHA Talia. It would be good if you remember that. Or are you always so disrespectful?"
　　Keith stared at Meg awkwardly, unsure how to respond. Why was Meg hostile? And why did she accuse him of disrespecting Talia?
　　Sandy tried to smoothen out the situation before it escalated. "Keith was not disrespectful on purpose. It's just that we all met Talia before she was Luna, and her Alpha position is new for us. It takes time to form a habit of calling her with the right title."
　　Meg didn't see that as an excuse. It was the same for them. When Meg met Talia, Talia was a girl without any status, staying in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack; Talia didn't even call herself Damon's girlfriend.
　　"If anyone overheard you, her own guard, talking about Alpha Talia casually, they won't inquire about your circumstances. Instead, they will assume that she is a pushover.", Meg said sternly. "People close to Alpha Talia need to set an example for others. If you need to get used to addressing her with the right title, I suggest you practice in private before you meet others and make irreparable damage."
　　"Of course. I apologize.", Keith said, his apology more directed at Talia than at Meg.
　　Damon observed this from the side, and he approved. Meg was a good Beta. They will keep her.
　　…
　　In one of the guestrooms, Yasmin and Cornelia were talking and James was with them.
　　James was invited on a tour of the area by Meg and Kai, and he knew that Cornelia wanted to talk to Yasmin, but James was uncomfortable separating from Cornelia. What if Yasmin says something that will encourage Cornelia to leave him behind?
　　He was happy that Cornelia didn't chase him away and she didn't when he pushed his chair close to Cornelia's and held her hand.
　　Cornelia was telling Yasmin how werewolves live side-by-side with humans while concealing their true nature, about different lifespans, and how they should research the time difference between realms. Among all that, Cornelia noticed that Yasmin was throwing glances at James occasionally.
　　Cornelia assumed that Yasmin was wary of James. 
　　"It's OK", Cornelia said. "You can talk in front of him." She told James a lot about witches anyway and she doubted that Yasmin will reveal anything new.
　　Yasmin cocked an eyebrow suspiciously. She knew that James and Cornelia were soulmates because they met at the Lightclaw pack when Tony took over the Alpha role from his father. But Yasmin also knew that James couldn't feel the bond because of his age, and Cornelia obviously didn't have the mark on her neck.  
　　"Can you tell me what's the status between the two of you?", Yasmin asked.
　　"What?", Cornelia squeaked. She thought that Yasmin will ask something about humans or about the Dark Howlers pack, and not about her and James!
　　Yasmin's lips lifted into a mischievous smile at the sight of flustered Cornelia. "I can see that you are not marked. Did you have sex?"
　　Cornelia's eyes were open so wide that they nearly popped out of their sockets.
　　Seeing that Cornelia was on the verge of fainting, James responded.
　　"With all due respect, you shouldn't concern yourself with our private matters."
　　Yasmin stifled a giggle. "I will take that as a no." She turned to Cornelia. "How long will you torture the youngster? Just give in. As a werewolf, he is gifted down there and has good stamina. I can tell you from my experience that sex with a man is fantastic."
　　James was never so conflicted! He wanted to scold Yasmin for being so forward with Cornelia, but he also wanted to give her a hug for the same reason. Will Cornelia run away, or maybe open up to him?
　　"James", Cornelia called stiffly. "Can you let me talk to Yasmin in private?"
　　James wanted to refuse, but how can he? "Sure, love.", he said, kissed her cheek, and walked out.
　　"What's your problem!?", Cornelia hissed at Yasmin the moment the door closed behind James. Yasmin was always mischievous, but this was completely rude! How much did these few months with werewolves spoil Yasmin?
　　"I don't have a problem. But you do.", Yasmin responded.
　　Yasmin was unphased but he silent threats behind Cornelia's glare. In their Coven, Cornelia is a respected priestess, second only to the high priestess Evanora, but Yasmin was always the baby no one would dare to touch. On top of that, they were not in the Silver Flame Coven, this was the Midnight Guardians pack, and Yasmin was the Luna. Yasmin felt that she had an advantage.
　　Cornelia was aware that an argument with Yasmin can easily escalate into something unpleasant, but how can she let the young witch do whatever she wants?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 632 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (3)
Chapter 632 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (3)
　　Talia made a face. That was James' solution?
　　He wanted Talia to become power-hungry and to suppress everyone who opposes her? Should she become a monster in order to fight other monsters? 
　　At this time, Keith, Sandy, and Liam entered the living room, to see that James raised his hand, palm toward Talia, indicating to her that she should be patient and hear him out.
　　The newly arrived trio wondered what they missed because this seemed important. Meg waved at them to come and get some snacks.
　　"I know what you are going to say." James smiled at Talia meaningfully. "Do you think I would speak those words if I don't believe you can do it? This is not about you doing everything on your own. Start by looking at yourself and then look around you. You are the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. I saw you healing your guard and dispelling dark magic in a mystical ritual that caused a tornado. On top of that, you lived right under my father's nose, and it's not that he didn't realize you are an Alpha, but he was not aware of you presence at all. I can see that you don't think much about yourself, however, you can't deny that you are the catalyst of many changes in our society. People gather around you and want to follow you out of their own will, and that speaks about you as a natural leader."
　　James gestured toward Damon while continuing to talk to Talia, "Your mate is the strongest Alpha of the current generation. Look at people you call friends and see how many of them are Alphas, high-ranking members, exceptional warriors, and let's not forget the witches." His arm tightened around Cornelia's waist. "On top of all that, you have the most brilliant mind to help you." James cockily pointed at himself. "It won't be straightforward, but if there is a way, we will find it and we will succeed without spilling unnecessary blood."
　　Talia's eyebrows were so high that they nearly reached her hairline. "You will help?"
　　"Of course.", James confirmed. "I am personally vested because I want to live with my mate in any of our realms without worry that someone will try to snatch Cora from me because she is beautiful, smart, magical, and perfect in every way possible."
　　Cornelia was visibly flustered, and she was confident that James could hear the way her heart thundered wildly against her ribcage.
　　That was not the first compliment James gave her, but now it was in front of people, and she didn't know how to respond. Should she thank him? Hug him? Kiss him? Or pretend like everything was normal?
　　James smirked in satisfaction when Cornelia leaned on him and he extended his hand toward Talia, waiting for a handshake.
　　"What do you say, Alpha Talia? Will you accept me as your ally in weeding out the power-hungry individuals who are threatening our peace so that everyone can enjoy with their mates?"
　　Without a delay, Talia put her hand in James' and gave it a shake, formally sealing the alliance.
　　James already had a few ideas. "When we go to the Silver Flame Coven, we should discuss this with the high priestess. I don't recommend that witches join us openly and expose themselves this early in the process but they could definitely provide insights and magical tools that can give us an edge…" Cornelia told him about scrolls and items imbued with magic that non-witches can use.
　　James was confident in his fighting abilities, and not many things scared him. However, it was undeniable that he was helpless in the face of the Alpha aura, and it would be fantastic if Cornelia could help him get his hands on an item that will make him immune to such things. He would love to stand tall when his father tries to punish him and show how he can't be controlled. Soon. 
　　Damon looked at Talia with sparkles in his eyes. Talia's genuine surprise was cute, but her most impressive feature was that she was not aware of how amazing she was.
　　Even before Damon became the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, numerous eyes were on him, waiting for the opportunity to strike and take him down, and now that he revealed Talia was his fated mate, the amount of dangers increased several folds. Damon was painfully aware that he will need a good strategist, and he was trying to come up with a solid plan to reel in James to his side, yet Talia got James to volunteer his services; just like that. And the best part was that it all sounded like it was James' idea.
　　Damon realized that none of this would happen without Talia. They wouldn't be here, because the Midnight Guardians pack doesn't welcome outsiders. They wouldn't be aware of witches without Talia opening the portal, and that meant that James wouldn't find his mate, nor become their ally.
　　…
　　Before dinner, per Talia's request, Axel and Talia went to the study.
　　They entered the study that Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia used. It was spacious to accommodate a sitting area and two massive desks.
　　Talia sat on the sofa and Axel realized that Talia didn't consider this study as her own. Well, she never used it, and since Talia was absent, Axel claimed one of the desks, and the other one was used sporadically by Yasmin, Meg, Kai, and Tyler.
　　Axel scratched the back of his head awkwardly.
　　"We should talk about this office. Do you want us to share an office, or should I arrange a separate space for you?" He paused when he realized how that was not right. "Actually, you should keep this office, and I will get another one for me. One desk will be removed..." He stopped talking when he realized that Talia didn't approve. "Or do you want new furniture? Is that it? We can arrange for..."
　　"Axel", Talia called, interrupting his chatter. "I wanted to talk to you about something else."
　　Axel moved to sit on the sofa, next to Talia, and he looked at her, silently telling her to go ahead.
　　"I thought about this a long time, so please, don't interrupt me until I'm done.", Talia started. She took a deep breath. "We had a pack run where Damon announced me to the Dark Howlers pack as his fated mate and as his Luna. I realized that there is a lot of things to do, and I don't think I will be able to give the Midnight Guardians pack the time and attention it deserves. I want you to be the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack."
　　Axel's expression didn't change. "Are you done?"
　　"What?"
　　"You said that I shouldn't interrupt you until you are done, so I'm asking, are you done?"
　　"Yes. I'm done.", Talia confirmed.
　　"No."
　　Talia was lost. Did he say that she was not done? It didn't sound right. "What do you mean, no?"
　　"I said, no. You can't give your Alpha position to me."
　　"Why?"
　　"Because I don't want it.", Axel said with finality.
　　"But I can't…"
　　"Being an Alpha is not about the time. It's about the heart."
　　Talia was totally confused. "What?"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 636 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (7)
Chapter 636 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (7)
　　"You can stay stubborn and ruin your chance for happiness or listen.", Yasmin said, and Cornelia recoiled in the chair like someone pushed her back physically. 
　　Actually, Cornelia felt the push, but Yasmin didn't use any chant. How was that possible? Did she use an enchanted item? But her hands were empty. 
　　Cornelia shifted in her seat, to confirm that she can move without restrictions.
　　"Can you talk normally?", Cornelia asked while eyeing Yasmin suspiciously and wondering if she imagined the push.
　　"What is normal talk, Cornelia? Do you want me to lie or keep quiet while you destroy your best chance for happiness?"
　　Cornelia was offended. "What am I destroying?"
　　"I see you are holding your mate close, without giving yourself to him. What kind of a sick game is that? Do you enjoy torturing him?"
　　Cornelia huffed at Yasmin. Who gave Yasmin the right to meddle? "What do you know about torture? He is too young to feel the bond."
　　Yasmin didn't think that was a big deal. "If he doesn't feel it, he wouldn't stick to you despite your rejections."
　　"I'm not rejecting him."
　　"Keep telling that to yourself and see how long it takes. James will reach his breaking point and either force a mark on you or leave you. Which one do you prefer?"
　　Cornelia frowned. What kind of choices were those?
　　Yasmin released a long breath, and she continued with compassion, "Cornelia. I know you as a high-ranking priestess who has all the answers, but this time, I need to tell you that you are wrong. Being with a mate is special. It completes you, it completes both of you."
　　Cornelia sneered. "Easy for you to speak. Your mate can feel the bond."
　　Yasmin waved, indicating to Cornelia to calm down. "Is that something that can't be fixed? Are you telling me that priestess Cornelia can't boost one man's perception of the energies?"
　　Cornelia looked at Yasmin in disbelief. "Are you telling me to use magic on James and force him to mature?" Witches experimented with plants and animals, and even though the faster maturing was successful, it came with side effects of quick deterioration and uncharacteristic behavior. Natural order shouldn't be rushed.  
　　"Not mature.", Yasmin said quickly. "Just to increase his perception of the energies. It will make him feel the bond and you will get your piece of mind that he won't abandon you." Yasmin smirked when she saw Cornelia shifting uncomfortably at her words.
　　"That's it. Right?", Yasmin said victoriously. "You are afraid that he will leave you. But James is by your side, which means that he wants to be with you even without the bond."
　　Cornelia shook her head dejectedly. "He is with me because we are together. What will happen when he needs to return to his pack? He will see other women and where does that leave me?"
　　Yasmin clicked her tongue. "And we are back to boosting his perception of…"
　　"Enough!", Cornelia snapped and stood up abruptly.
　　"You can try a temporary spell and see if you like the result.", Yasmin said with urgency while trying to salvage the situation.
　　Cornelia rubbed her forehead while reminding herself that this was not Yasmin's fault, it was not Yasmin's problem, and Yasmin was offering solutions. They were not the solutions Cornelia would accept, but they showed Yasmin's care and concern. 
　　"I know you mean well, but some things can't be rushed, Yasmin."
　　"You should talk to your soulmate about this. Give him a choice. It's not healthy that you are carrying this weight on your own and it's not fair that you make a decision without him. If you are too shy to talk to James, I can do it in your place."
　　"Don't you dare!", Cornelia exclaimed and stomped toward the door. This conversation was over. 
　　Cornelia walked out without any particular goal in mind. She felt like the walls were too close and she needed space.
　　"Cora?", James called after Cornelia who passed by him in the hallway, like he was not there.
　　"Shit!", he cursed under his breath and rushed after her. He knew that it was a bad idea to leave Cornelia and Yasmin on their own.
　　"Cora!", James exclaimed, and he caught up with her just before she reached the stairs. He grabbed her wrist. "Talk to me. I am here."
　　Cornelia turned toward James in slow motion. She looked into his blue eyes that were full of anxiety and genuine concern and her chin trembled.
　　She knew that this was not fair. It was not James' fault that she came here, and they met, and she can't blame him for not feeling the bond either. The only thing she could do was to control her actions and decide what was best, but how can she leave him when her heart was aching if they were apart? And the way he looked at her, told her that he felt the same.
　　It was a difficult decision, one that will impact the rest of their lives, but… did she need to decide anything today?
　　James observed subtle changes in Cornelia's expression, and he reached to wipe the tears from her cheeks.
　　The moment his fingers touched her skin, Cornelia jolted, and her eyes widened with something James couldn't decipher the next thing he knew, Cornelia slammed herself against him and her lips covered his fervently.
　　James was quick to wrap his arms around Cornelia and respond to her frantic kisses.
　　Cornelia was not sure what she was doing, but she knew that she didn't want to think about anything that was weighing on her mind. She allowed her heart to take over which pulled her toward James in a desperate need for his presence that made her feel whole.
　　Cornelia soaked in James' touch, his scent, his flavors… and she didn't notice at what point he lifted her and carried her into their room, all without breaking the kiss.
　　James put Cornelia on the bed and got on top of her, their kisses becoming longer and deeper as they melded into each other.
　　James loved the fact that Cornelia kissed him while clinging onto him, and she even spread her legs and her hips moved to grind herself against his erection. It was heavenly.
　　The scent of Cornelia's arousal filled the room and James was confident that her love nectar will taste like the sweetest wild berries!
　　He got lower, to press on her harder as their hips rocked in sync and he nearly lost his mind when Cornelia moaned into his mouth.
　　Cornelia's hands moved on their own, tugging on his t-shirt, and she frowned when he held her hands, preventing her from undressing him.
　　"What?", she asked breathily. "Don't you want…?" She couldn't finish, but James understood her.
　　James took a deep breath to compose himself before responding, "I want. You have no idea how much I want you, but not like this." 
　　His lips were throbbing from the intense kissing session, and he really wanted to kiss her more, to kiss her everywhere, and to undress her and go all the way, but he knew that it wouldn't be right.
　　Cornelia looked away in embarrassment when she realized that she made move on James and got rejected. What was she thinking? What would happen if he didn't stop her?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 637 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (8) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 637 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (8) [Bonus chapter]
　　"Cora", James called and placed a gentle kiss at the curve where her neck met her shoulder, right where his mark should come. "I want to make love to you. I want to mark you as mine. But not when you are upset. I don't want you to regret it as something that was done in the spur of the moment."
　　Cornelia wanted to deny the upset part, but she didn't want to lie to him.
　　"So, now what?", Cornelia asked.
　　James moved to lay next to Cornelia and he pulled her in an embrace before responding, "Now we talk. Tell me, what happened in that room after I left? What got you upset?" She didn't respond, so he continued guessing. "Was it about us? Was it about me?" Cornelia and Yasmin were on their own for no more than two minutes, so they probably continued talking about James.
　　Cornelia shot him a quick glance, and that confirmed it.
　　"It's about me.", he said dejectedly while tightening his hold on her, fearing that she will escape him.
　　"Did Yasmin tell you to leave me?"
　　"No.", Cornelia responded right away.
　　"Then?", he asked, and it took him a moment to realize it was the opposite. Yasmin told Cornelia to embrace the bond no matter how weak it is, and Cornelia was against it. OK, not completely against it because she was right here, on the bed, in his arms, but she was not willing to relax and enjoy it either.
　　"Cora, I'm sorry for not feeling the bond. I don't feel it, but I know you are my other half. If I could, I would fast forward the time. Maybe we could both go to a two year-long sleep, or at least I would, and when I open my eyes, my wolf will confirm without any doubt that you are my mate, you will be confident in me, I will claim you, and our future can begin."
　　"But what about…"
　　James quickly kissed her, to prevent her from finishing that question. He didn't know if she would say that his ideas were stupid, or if she would talk about his father, or about his age, or about witches used for breeding, or about where they would live... because none of those mattered.
　　"We are mates, and we belong together", James spoke against her lips. "Whoever stands in our way, we will deal with it because that's what mates do. The Moon Goddess wouldn't let me meet you if there was no way for us to be together. I am not an expert but I know that my kind meets mate when we are ready."
　　Cornelia felt guilt washing over her. He was so much younger compared to her, but why did she end up being the immature one? Why did she run? Was it so difficult to open up? Why couldn't she give him a chance?
　　How could he talk with such conviction when he didn't feel the bond? And she even considered using magic to increase his perception of energies; she wanted to change him, yet he was already perfect, and she was the faulty one. And he knew that, and he still looked at her like she couldn't do any wrong.
　　Cornelia hugged him tightly and nestled her head under his chin.
　　"Hold me, James.", she asked softly. "Right now, I need you to hold me, and we will talk later. I promise, I won't run anymore."
　　Cornelia felt James' lips pressing at the top of her head and then his arms tightened around her in a solid hold. She relaxed in acknowledgment that James had the power to calm down her unsettling thoughts and he made her feel at home.
　　Now if only she could stop worrying about what the future might bring, everything would be great.
　　…
　　In the main hallway…
　　"Why are we here this early?", Liam grumbled while checking the time. It was just the three of them, and they were standing there for ten minutes already!
　　"This is our first time here and we shouldn't be late.", Sandy gave a lame excuse as to why she nagged Keith and Liam to get ready and come down before others.
　　Liam made a face at Sandy. "Really? Since when are you worried about what others think? Aren't you just eager to go to the cafeteria and see unmated guys?"
　　"Lower your voice." Sandy hissed while looking around nervously.
　　"Are you worried that someone will find out about your lecherous nature?", Liam said mockingly and turned to Keith. "Tell her."
　　"Tell me, what?", Sandy asked.
　　Keith didn't want to meddle in this useless chatter, but he didn't want them to embarrass him either. "Sandy, did you forget that members of the Midnight Guardians pack are waiting for their mates? No matter how many single guys are there, no one will spare you a glance if you are not his mate."
　　"Why are you making it sound like I'm a molester?", Sandy asked while her eyes darted between Keith and Liam.
　　Liam gestured toward Sandy's outfit. It was a bright red tight minidress with a generous cleavage. She had high-heeled shoes and makeup on.
　　"Are you telling me that you are not going there to attract attention? Do you think you have a chance to catch a guy's eye if you are not his mate?"
　　Sandy puffed her cheeks in anger at Liam. "Listen, you…"
　　"What's going on?", Talia asked while coming down the stairs. Damon was right behind her.
　　Sandy made a pitiful face. "Keith and Liam are bullying me."
　　Keith was alarmed. Why did she call him out?
　　Liam didn't want Talia to know about their petty bickering, but Sandy made them look like bad guys and he had to speak up.
　　"We were just pointing out that Sandy shouldn't be so excited about going to the cafeteria."
　　Keith groaned while cursing his luck. Why did Liam say 'WE'? Both Liam and Sandy were dragging him into this!
　　"Why are you making it sound like I'm exaggerating? Didn't you make some nasty accusations?", Sandy shot back.
　　"First of all, we are your superiors, and you shouldn't talk like that.", Liam said matter-of-factly. "Member of this pack are just like us and you are acting like a sex-deprived woman who never saw a man. As a warrior, you saw plenty of naked dudes, why are these special? And if you think I'm exaggerating, look at your getup! It's more appropriate for the Shifters than for dinner."
　　Sandy's eyes were flickering with anger. "Superiors? Keith, yes. But you, we are the same rank! The fact that you have a few extra points means nothing. I will catch up by end of the year. Wait until I get promoted and I make you plank until the pain is the only thing you know." 
　　Sandy put her arms akimbo and narrowed her eyes at Liam. "You won't understand why I dressed up, even if I draw a map for you. How can guys at home be compared to these? You are all second-hand items anyone can afford. Going to the cafeteria of the Midnight Guardians pack is like going to Tiffany's." She gestured toward her dress. "I need to look fancy so I can look at all that high-class merchandise in style."
　　Liam and Keith both gaped at Sandy. How many times did she insult them in those few seconds? They were both good-looking guys, capable warriors, and why did she talk about them like they were faulty?
　　Sandy was huffing with anger and then she froze like someone pushed the pause button on a remote.
　　"Sandy?", Talia called with concern obvious in her voice. Did Sandy have a stroke?
　　Slowly, very slowly, Sandy turned to look behind her, up the stairs, and Talia followed to see what got Sandy's attention.
　　Tyler was coming down with Kai and Meg behind him. They all had bright smiles on their faces and then Tyler's steps halted suddenly.
　　"What the…?", Kai ended with a curse under his breath when he bumped into Tyler's back unexpectedly.
　　"Tyler? Why did you stop?", Meg asked while craning her neck to see her friend who was standing there like a rock and staring at the people below.
　　One second, two, three… Talia raised her hands to cover her half-open mouth, but she couldn't suppress the squeal that erupted from her.
　　"Ahhh!" 
　　Mates!
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 638 Zesty maple syrup
Chapter 638 Zesty maple syrup
　　Tyler was excited that Alpha Talia came back, this time with Alpha Damon and a few more people, and he was upset that he was stuck on a guard duty next to the portal and due to that, he couldn't greet the newcomers when they arrived. They didn't have guests often.
　　He was looking forward to the upcoming feast which indicated that Alpha Talia will stick around for a while. Or did she come here to stay forever?
　　Like any other member of the Midnight Guardians pack, Tyler was excited to witness the changes Talia's presence brought. The most important change Talia brought was the wind of hope that everyone could feel. No one knew exactly what they were hoping for, but it was there, nearly tangible, and it filled them with tingling anticipation.
　　Ever since the announcement of the upcoming feast that Alpha Talia will attend with her mate and a few other guests, Tyler could feel the excitement crackling in the air. It was fantastic.
　　Yasmin couldn't stop mind-linking him about the feast, and she wanted Axel, Kai, and Meg to keep Damon and Talia busy so that Tyler and Yasmin can sneakily prepare something special for the guests (Damon and Talia in particular).
　　Luna Yasmin always went above and beyond to make others happy.  She was like a fresh breeze sweeping through the Midnight Guards pack, an additional confirmation (after Meg), that mates are out there. The news of Yasmin's pregnancy was like a tide of positivity everyone wanted to soak in. And it's twins!
　　The whole Midnight Guardians pack was happy for Axel and Kai, two high-ranking members who found their mates, and Axel was even starting his own family, but the unmated pack members also stirred with longing to find their mates, and Tyler was not an exception.
　　Tyler is the Gamma of the Midnight Guardians pack, with access to confidential information, so he knew that Talia's next destination was the realm of witches, and Tyler hoped he can tag along. Who knows, maybe his mate was there?
　　Tyler dressed up for the dinner. Black trousers and a crisp light gray shirt that matched the color of his eyes. He polished his black formal shoes until he could see his reflection in them. He wanted to leave a good impression on Talia, and increase his chances of going.
　　Tyler was sick of listening to Axel and Kai boasting how good it is to sleep with a woman. Tyler was the only high-ranking member in the Midnight Guardians pack who was spending his nights alone, indulging in pleasures his right hand can provide.
　　Every day Tyler met with Axel and Kai, often in the company of Yasmin and Meg, and Tyler was sticking out like the last bachelor in the world.
　　He wanted a woman to feed also, damnit!
　　Were powers so important? He can be the Gamma without those. Tyler dreamed about going to the red district in a human city (based on movies he watched, every human city has one) and he would ravish women until he gets his fill or runs out of money. Of course, Tyler never went through it; not because he cared about his non-awakened powers, but because he didn't want to appear weak.
　　Axel waited, Kai waited, so many others waited for their mates and if Tyler crumbled under the pressure of his loneliness, he wouldn't be fit to serve his Alpha or to lead their people as a Gamma. As one of the few high-ranking members, it was Tyler's duty to lead by example, no matter how hard it was.
　　Back to the present…
　　Tyler was coming down the stairs with Meg and Kai chattering behind him, and his whole world collapsed into nothing, leaving only one female with short blonde hair in a red miniskirt standing there… shining brightly… her beauty left him spellbound.
　　Their stares collided and locked them both in a trance. Tyler was confident that he had never seen her before, yet she looked familiar, like he knew her well, like she was an important piece of him… And then he heard in his head, "Mate!"
　　Tyler was not aware at what point he moved, or when did she, but they stood at the bottom of the staircases, half a step between them, bathing in each other's presence and he was enveloped in her scent that was zesty with a hint of grass, reminding him of lemonade he would sip on a sunny meadow. She was bright and beautiful like the sun. It was magical.
　　People around them erupted into clamor, and he was sure that Kai and Axel patted his shoulder, but Tyler couldn't feel a thing.
　　Her blue-green eyes smiled at him, and he knew that she recognized him as her mate.
　　Axel and Kai found their mates, and Tyler wondered when his turn will come, a painful knot forming in his chest whenever he thought of the possibility that he won't find her (and he would stay a virgin forever!), and here she was. Gorgeous.
　　Sandy couldn't believe that this hunk was hiding in the Midnight Guardians pack, and something told her he was hers even before she heard that word 'mate' in her head. He was her other half. She found him. Finally.
　　Her eyes moved over his short dark brown hair, gray eyes, a smile that could stop the traffic, and those broad shoulders she couldn't wait to hold onto. He was perfect.
　　Sandy wondered if his taste will match his scent; freshly made pancakes drenched in maple syrup. As far as her memories go, Sandy loved pancakes, and she loved maple syrup, and she was head over heels for the guy who was standing in front of her, even though she had no idea what his name was.
　　Sandy's eyes darted to Tyler's lips, and she noticed that he did the same, confirming that he wanted to kiss her, just as much as she wanted to taste him, and her stomach flipped at the thought that she will get to kiss her mate for the first time. It should be good.
　　Like someone pushed them toward each other, Tyler leaned lower, and Sandy lifted her head.
　　"I'm Tyler", his maple-infused breath splashed on her lips.
　　Sandy's heart was in her throat, and it took her a moment to realize that Tyler was waiting for her name.
　　"Sa-sa…", she stuttered.
　　"Nice to meet you, Sasa", Tyler said and then he closed that last fraction of distance between them. 
　　He finally found his mate and he had no intention of delaying his first kiss. That initial contact jolted his insides and he forgot about insecurities if he will know what to do.
　　Sandy wanted to correct him that her name was not Sasa, but then colors exploded everywhere when his arms wrapped around her, pulling her closer, and sparks of their bond made this the best kiss ever. She didn't care what he called her. Sasa it is!
　　Sandy's hands moved behind Tyler's neck, and she let him feel her teeth, sucking and nibbling, showing him all the wonderful ways they can play with their lips.
　　He released a small whimper when she deepened the kiss and she loved it!
　　His flavors invaded Sandy's system and she hummed in pleasure. Maple syrup and pancakes everywhere. She leaned into him knowing that she won't go without a dessert ever again!
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 639 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (9)
Chapter 639 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (9)
　　Liam watched the scene of Sandy and Tyler locked in a kiss, and his expression turned sour. He just bickered with Sandy and told her that she won't catch a man by dressing like that, and there was Sandy, with a man who was also overdressed for a casual dinner. 
　　Was this the Moon Goddess' idea of pranking him?
　　Liam's mood worsened when he remembered that he called out his rank on Sandy. Wasn't that Tyler, the Gamma of the Midnight Guardians pack? As Gamma's mate, Sandy outranked him in a second. High-ranked pack members go above warriors, even Generals get to obey Gammas. Damn it!
　　Liam wanted to ask someone for a shovel so that he can dig a deep (very deep) hole to hide. This won't end well. Sandy was now smitten with her newly found mate, but once she snaps out of it, she will be out for revenge. Sandy was not a girl who will forgive and forget, and Liam provoked her. Damn it! If he knew that she will be mated to the Gamma (becoming Gamma herself), he would keep his mouth shut about her slutty outfit! Was it too late to tell her that she looks great?
　　Axel and Yasmin stopped at the top of the stairs, and Yasmin bounced from excitement at the sight of Sandy and Tyler kissing. Another female to join her and Meg! Things will definitely be livelier!
　　And Yasmin hoped that with Sandy as his mate, Tyler will finally agree to move to the main house.
　　Before Talia became the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, Beta and Gamma didn't reside in the main house that was reserved for the Alpha family.
　　Talia suggested that high-ranking members stay close. It will help them with work and overall socializing; it was a practical thing to do.
　　After Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia were officially stripped of their Alpha positions, Kai and Meg moved to a suite on the second floor, but Tyler refused. He stayed in his one-bedroom apartment because he didn't want to risk over-hearing the nightly activities of two couples. But now he was part of the couple-group also, and Yasmin was looking forward to adding one more female to their group.
　　Talia leaned on Damon and smiled, happy for the newly mated couple. She looked like a proud mother in front of her children who achieved something monumental.
　　Damon had mixed feelings. Sandy and Tyler being mates was another connection between the packs, pulling them closer to Talia's dream of uniting the packs, which was a good thing. However, did this mean that Talia lost her guard? There was also a sour feeling that resurfaced from the back of Damon's mind every time Talia was by his side, witnessing mates recognize each other.
　　It was a sacred moment, one they will remember forever, yet Damon ruined it for Talia. And that was something he will never be able to fix no matter how well he treats her going forward.
　　"Damon?", Talia called softly. She didn't know what he was thinking about, but she could feel his flickering emotions that stung painfully.
　　"I'm so sorry, kitten", he said.
　　Talia's eyebrows shot up. "What…?"
　　Damon put his index finger on her lips to stop her from finishing that question.
　　"I…" He didn't' want to voice his thoughts and spoil the mood. Sandy and Tyler were mates, and everyone was happy for them. "I love you." And then he kissed her like he meant it.
　　Talia was not sure what to make out of it. Was he overthinking something? She rejected that possibility because Damon was not known as someone who would think much. Damon was a guy who would do whatever he wanted and deal with the consequences (or ignore them) later.
　　No matter what was on Damon's mind, he was hugging her and kissing her tenderly and she allowed herself to be lost in his kiss that came with flavors of dark chocolate. Her favorite.
　　…
　　After a round of congratulations, Tyler and Sandy were not sure what to do because they were hungry and on their way for dinner, but they were also hungry for something else.
　　Tyler's arm coiled firmly around Sandy's waist. It felt good to have her close, the sparks of their bond prickled his skin even over their clothes, but the feeling was new and foreign, and he wondered if it was OK to hold her like that or if that was too intimate. But he was certain that he didn't want to let go of her. His hand on her hip tightened together with concern if she will see him as a lecher.
　　Sandy could see how flustered Tyler was, and she thought that he was adorable. She couldn't wait for some privacy so she can eat him up, starting with those maple-infused lips that were still a bit swollen from their kissing session; their first kissing session, the first of many. She really wanted to kiss him again and do much more, but they were on their way to dinner, and she didn't want him to think that she was a lustful she-wolf. Liam's previous words still echoed in her mind and she hoped that Tyler didn't think of her as a harlot.
　　Yasmin broke the standstill with, "Don't worry about dinner. We will get you something edible and leave it at your door. Tyler, your room is ready. Use it."
　　Tyler gave Sandy a questionable look, silently asking her if she was still set on going to the cafeteria.
　　"I hear you have a room.", Sandy said, her voice trembling in anticipation of what was coming. "I would love to see it."
　　Tyler swallowed hard and took Sandy's hand in his. He walked up the stairs, forgetting about anything else other than the girl whose hand he was holding and the pulsing need that was rising in his crotch area.
　　Axel and Kai shook their heads helplessly, knowing that their friend was eager to experience carnal pleasures, and they couldn't blame him.
　　Axel looked at Yasmin and he put his hand in his pant pocket to not-so-covertly adjust his hard-on. At the thought of what Tyler and Sandy were about to do, he wanted to do it with Yasmin. Who knows… maybe he could add a pup or two to the existing pregnancy?
　　"Where are Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac?"
　　Talia's question pulled Axel to the reality that was not so risqué.  
　　"It's Sophia and Isaac now. There is no need to use their previous titles.", he responded. "I told them that you are here and invited them to join us for dinner, but they decided to stay in their quarters." There was one two-bedroom house close to the main house, used for exclusive guests a long time ago, and they cleaned it up so that ex-Alphas can reside there. "I hope you don't mind."
　　Talia didn't expect a warm welcome. She dethroned them and took their abilities.  
　　"I don't expect them to join us for meals.", Talia responded. "I want them available in the morning. I need to talk to them."
　　Axel nodded stiffly. "I will let them know."
　　Talia was grateful that Axel was handling things with his parents. She didn't want to think about them, and if she didn't need answers about Guardians and about her past, she wouldn't want to see them at all.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 640 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (10)
Chapter 640 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (10)
　　"Do you have any plans for tonight?", Axel asked Talia as they walked toward the cafeteria.
　　Talia glanced at Damon whose arm was around her shoulders. He was super-clingy. Damon didn't say anything, but she knew he didn't approve of her leaving him behind when she talked to Axel. Talia didn't want to hide things from Damon, but she didn't want to worry him either, and things like leaving the Alpha position were worrisome. If she knew he would feel so neglected, she would do it differently.
　　"We don't have any firm plans.", Talia responded to Axel. "Tomorrow morning, we can talk about the schedule, but I will warn you in advance that we don't want to do much. Damon and I are determined to treat this like a vacation. It was a long time since we relaxed." They planned many relaxing moments, but those either didn't happen, or they ended with some emergency (like Damon being unconscious and then falling under the influence of dark magic).
　　"You are at the right place for relaxing.", Meg said. "There are no rogues, no spies, and the time difference will give you an excuse to step away from all problems you left behind."
　　Talia smiled at Meg gratefully. That was exactly what she had on her mind. Talia wanted to ask Meg if she visited her family in the Lightclaw pack yet, but somehow Talia guessed that Meg didn't.
　　"How about we go to the lake after dinner?", Yasmin asked.
　　Meg disagreed. "We can go in the morning when people can enjoy the scenery."
　　"Lake is nice during the night as well."
　　"Sure, it is. If you go with your mate seeking privacy", Meg said with a knowing smile. "How about we go to the North clearing? There are many fireflies at this time of the year."
　　Yasmin rolled her eyes. "Now THAT is a place where you should go with your mate."
　　"You are not helping…"
　　Yasmin and Meg bickered and giggled, their chatter didn't stop as Talia and Damon walked in front with Axel and Yasmin next, Meg, Kai and Keith, Liam, James, and Cornelia following after them, silently showing the hierarchy of the pack with outsiders at the back.
　　Talia was sad she will part with Sandy who will now stay in the Midnight Guardians pack. Talia was also curious to find out what power Sandy will get after Tyler marks her.
　　That reminded Talia, "Axel, did you figure out your ability?"
　　Axel smiled smugly. That was a 'yes'.
　　"What is it?", she asked. "Or is it something that you shouldn't disclose?"
　　"I will show you. Later.", Axel said mysteriously. He looked at Damon. "What about you?" With Talia marking him, he should have an ability.
　　Damon made a face and Axel understood that Damon didn't tap into his ability yet.
　　"Don't stress about it.", Axel encouraged him. "The Moon Goddess gives us what we need, when we need it."
　　"Are you OK?", Cornelia asked James. He was unusually silent.
　　Cornelia and James were still hugging in bed when Meg stopped by to remind them it was almost time for dinner. When they came down to join the others, they found the scene of everyone congratulating Sandy and Tyler, and other than wishing the newly-mated couple all the best, James didn't say much.
　　"Why wouldn't I be?", James responded with a question and tightened his hold on Cornelia.
　　He didn't want to expose his insecurities, with the biggest one Cornelia being a flight risk. Ah, if on the first night he jumped on her, he would seal the deal already, and not worry if his own mate will leave him. But how can he explain that he can't imagine his life without her even though he can't feel the bond?
　　Whenever they were not lost in each other, Cornelia was tense, like she could snap at any moment, and James needed to find a way to deal with it. It was obvious that Cornelia was bottling up a lot of things and he had no way of fixing the situation without understanding it. 
　　James' gaze fell on a slender back that belonged to Yasmin and his eyes lit up. Yasmin, of course! How could he forget about her? Yasmin was a witch, and she knew Cornelia for a long time, so she could have some clues to how that can help him out. In addition, he already confirmed that Yasmin was supportive of him being with Cornelia.
　　James heard Yasmin talking about the upcoming feast, and how there was a lot to do, and James saw it as a good opportunity to offer his help and use that to sneak in some private talk with Yasmin.
　　…
　　The cafeteria was deadly silent when Talia and Damon appeared at the door.
　　Talia's steps halted to observe that there were at least two hundred people inside, crowding the space, and the center table was free. It was obvious they were expecting them.
　　"Come on", Axel encouraged Talia to keep moving and act normal. "They are just excited to see you."
　　Well, Talia could feel their emotions, so she knew that, but how could she eat and relax in this atmosphere? Everyone was watching her!
　　'Relax, kitten. They are your people', Damon's voice sounded in her mind through their private mind-link.
　　That 'YOUR' sounded to Talia like someone was scratching the blackboard with nails. It didn't sound right. Yes, she was keeping Damon away from the business related to the Midnight Guardians pack because she was planning to step down from her Alpha role, but now that Axel convinced her otherwise, she didn't want Damon to feel like an outsider. She knew very well how it feels to be invisible and not belong, and she didn't want that for anyone… especially not for Damon.
　　Talia cleared her throat and turned to talk to the faces full of eager anticipation.
　　"It's nice to see you again after such a long time", she said. For her, it was not so long, but it was months for them. "I hear that you've been doing well, waiting for the news and I can assure you that there will be something soon. Please, be patient just a bit more as I sort out things with Axel. We don't plan to conceal things from you, but we don't want to rush with announcements until we have something solid. Until then, I want you all to meet someone important." She glanced at Damon. "This is Damon Blake, Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, my fated mate."
　　Talia leaned closer into Damon, her shoulder fitting perfectly under his armpit, and she waited for a reaction.
　　After one second of silence, murmurs filled the space, and then people erupted in cheers.
　　Talia could feel they were elated by this news. Talia having an Alpha for her mate meant more power and stability to the Midnight Guardians pack, and somehow… they were admiring her even more.
　　And she could also feel intense emotions from her mate which confirmed his approval of the introduction she just made.
　　Damon smiled as his chest swelled with pride. He was pleased that she introduced him first, and she did it as Damon Blake, Alpha Damon (and not Luna Damon).
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 641 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (11)
Chapter 641 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (11)
　　Damon raised his arm, at the same time as he released a short burst of his aura, and two-hundred-something people in the noisy cafeteria quieted down abruptly like someone flipped a switch.
　　"I am glad to be here.", Damon said. "The Dark Howlers pack was always on friendly terms with the Midnight Guardians pack. We are in the process of discussing how Talia and I being mates will reshape our relationship, but I can assure you that our bond will strengthen. We are a family now. Your Alpha here is planning a mixer for unmated members of our packs, and I will help her make it a reality. Expect it in the near future."
　　Boisterous cheers shook the cafeteria, and Talia allowed all that joy to wash over her. They were really looking forward to this, and Talia appreciated this dose of happiness that Damon gave them.  
　　'Axel?', Talia called through the pack mind-link. 'Do you have pack runs?'
　　'We didn't have one in a long time, but yes, we do.', Axel responded.
　　This information was just what Talia hoped to hear. She wanted to address people in the cafeteria, but the clamor was not subsiding, so she released a burst of her aura, just as Damon did before.
　　Compared to Damon's aura, Talia's was not so sharp, it was like when a mother gently pats her child's shoulder to get his attention.
　　"Tomorrow, we will have a feast, and after that, we will have a pack run.", she announced, making Axel, Yasmin, Meg, and Kai look at her questionably. That was news for them also!
　　Talia was not sure if Cassandra's helpers can do the ceremony in her absence (because Cassandra was used as a lab rat by witches), but Talia didn't think that was a problem. Even without the ceremony, it was about the pack coming together, establishing hierarchy, and confirming the existing one while strengthening the bond between the pack members.
　　'Will you lead the pack run with me, Alpha Damon?', Talia asked Damon through their private mind-link. 'Sapa and Liseli can have some time together also.' As an added bonus, here they didn't need to worry about someone seeing them emit the white light because members of the Midnight Guardians pack definitely saw all kinds of abilities.
　　Damon responded to Talia with a lopsided smile that promised carnal pleasures. Talia took that as his agreement.
　　"I will lead the run with my mate, Alpha Damon", Talia said to everyone. "I hope you will join us, and I also hope you won't mind our friends joining." She gestured toward Keith, Liam, James, and Cornelia. "Keith and Liam are capable warriors from the Dark Howlers pack, they are my close friends and my personal guards. James is our friend from the Red Moon pack, and Cornelia is Luna Yasmin's sister from the Silver Flame Coven."
　　Talia didn't mention Sandy because she was not sure if Sandy and Tyler will end their activities until tomorrow evening, but as Tyler's mate, Sandy won't be an outsider.
　　Axel noticed that people were still looking at Talia, expecting her to say more, so he stepped in.
　　"Alpha came here to eat, so we appreciate your understanding in letting her have a breather. Spread the word that the feast is tomorrow with the pack run afterward. Who doesn't attend will miss a good thing.", Axel said, and he remembered one more thing, "Before we resume our regular activities, I want to share another good news…" He made a dramatic pause. "Our Gamma Tyler found his mate. It's Sandy from the Dark Howlers pack, and she is the reason he won't be joining us for dinner tonight."
　　Laughter and claps erupted, and Talia couldn't believe how all of them were happy for Tyler. They were all locked up in this realm for a long time, sharing hardships and desires. Weren't they like a big happy family?
　　For a brief moment, Talia wondered how things would turn out if she grew up here instead of the Red Moon pack. If she knew about her identity with an Alpha bloodline and a special wolf, would she be so confident like Marcy, Mindy, Cassie, Jade… Talia shook those useless thoughts away. It's not like she could turn back the time.
　　…
　　In Tyler's room…
　　There were tatters of red and gray fabric scattered on the floor, shoes, black trousers, a bra… all those forming a path from the door to the bed where Sandy and Tyler were lying naked.
　　Tyler was on his back, staring at the ceiling with a big grin on his face. If not for his ears, his mouth would form a full circle around his head. It was his first time having sex (and second, and third, and fourth), and he thought it will be amazing, but now he confirmed that his imagination paled in comparison to the real thing. Even just holding Sandy like that and inhaling her zesty scent while sparks of their bond danced wherever they touched was phenomenal.
　　Sandy was next to Tyler, her body leaning on his, equally dazed by the marvels of the coitus that was amplified by the sparks of their bond. The man was not only gifted with a cock that had a generous girth that stretched her perfectly with a hint of ecstatic pain, but Tyler was adorably curious and cautious, and she loved the way his maple-infused breath splashed on her face whenever he groaned that silly nickname Sasa. She had no intention of correcting him.
　　Tyler kissed Sandy's forehead, happy to finally hold his mate in his arms, and he opened up his feelings to share his joy, but he paused when he felt that there was some dejection coming from her.
　　"Sasa?", he called. "What's wrong?" The first time it was short and a bit clumsy, but every next time was better and longer with different angles and rotations, and he was confident that he did a good job of satisfying her. Or maybe it was not good enough?
　　Sandy looked at him after a long second of silence. "Do you think I'm worthy of being a Gamma by your side?"
　　Tyler didn't get it. "Gamma is just a set of duties I can handle on my own. If you are interested in sharing them, I will show you what I do, and you can pick what you want to do. Don't worry about it."
　　"If that's not the problem, then what is? Don't you like me?"
　　Tyler felt like someone poured a bucket of ice on him. Where did that come from? "What made you think I don't like you?"
　　"Why didn't you mark me?"
　　"Oh…", he exhaled audibly in relief. For a moment, he thought that his performance in bed was lacking and she thought his heart was not into it because his cock was all in.
　　Now he also understood the Gamma question because he got his Gamma position after a ritual that strengthened his bond with the pack and gave him a power boost. As his mate, Sandy will get the same after he marks her.
　　But the Gamma position was not the reason why he didn't mark her yet.
　　"We need to talk.", he said.
　　Sandy was alarmed. This sounded serious. The 'we need to talk' was usually something people said before breaking up. But they were mates! Why would he break up with her, unless… "Do you have another woman? Or do you prefer men?"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 642 Missed talk before intimacy [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 642 Missed talk before intimacy [Bonus chapter]
　　Tyler stared at Sandy while her words 'another woman' and 'prefer men' bounced on top of his head, refusing to be processed. Did she just accuse him of womanizing? Or did he look like he would rather be with a man than with her?
　　For more than two decades, Tyler kept himself pure, body and mind, suffering endless lonely nights and faking smiles whenever he saw a couple while longing for his mate, and now that she was finally there, she was doubting him!
　　"What!? From where are these ideas coming from?", Tyler asked in outrage. "Why would I look at men or women when I have you for a mate? I gave you my first kiss, my first everything."
　　Sandy pressed her lips into a line guiltily. She knew that as a member of the Midnight Guardians pack, Tyler was saving himself for his mate, and the mate bond rewired any previous crushes to become insignificant when compared to Sandy, but that didn't mean Tyler didn't have some other commitments. But it seemed that there was no one else, so why did he want to talk so seriously then?
　　She pushed herself into a seated position while clutching the comforter to cover her breasts.
　　"Then explain quickly, why were you so eager to have sex with me?", she asked stiffly.
　　Tyler's stomach dropped. Was he so horny that he didn't realize she didn't want to?
　　He swallowed hard. "Were you not willing?"
　　Sandy shook her head. "That's not the point. We kind of jumped into it and I have no regrets because it was great. However, we are mates, and it should end with you marking me and not like this."
　　Tyler stared at her. She said so many things. He heard that sex was great, but she also said it was rushed and she was upset because he didn't mark her.
　　Ah! Did he end up looking like a lecher who won't cherish her!?
　　"Sorry, Sasa.", Tyler said with sincerity, and he got up to sit and face her. "It's just… you are so sexy that I couldn't help myself. Before we undressed, I was supposed to tell you that the members of the Midnight Guardians pack are different from regular werewolves."
　　"How different?", Sandy asked reluctantly. How much she saw (and she saw plenty), Tyler was not missing any parts, nor did he have any extras.
　　Tyler felt the loss of Sandy's proximity, so he took her hands into his. The comforter fell on her lap to expose her breasts and he really wanted to touch and lick her there, but the timing was off, so he forced himself to maintain eye contact.
　　Elders warned them to do this talk before any intimacy, but he got carried away and now it looked like he used a honey trap. But it would be worse if he actually marked her, so this was salvageable. Hopefully.
　　"You know what magic is, right?", Tyler said cautiously.
　　Sandy guessed what he wanted to say. "Are you going to tell me how members of your pack have abilities?"
　　Tyler blinked. "You know?"
　　Sandy smirked proudly. "I am Alpha Talia's personal guard. How can I not know that she is amazing? And she gave us a heads-up before we came here so we don't freak out and embarrass ourselves if we see something unusual."
　　Tyler exhaled in relief. He was glad that she knew already, and she didn't seem to think badly of it. "Well, then this talk will be short. Do you know that when I mark you, there will be a chance of you getting an ability?" Not just a chance because all marked mates got something, but the question was if that was an ability worth using or not.
　　"What? Are you sure?"
　　She knew that members of the Midnight Guardians pack have abilities, but she didn't know she can get it as well. This mate bond brought her a hot mate, mind-blowing orgasms, and now abilities as well? It was getting better by the minute!
　　Tyler confirmed. "My venom carries my DNA and the potential of awakening your ability. We are not allowed to mark our mates unless we explain this and get permission. It sounds great when you think about the possibility of flying or moving things with your mind, but some abilities are more a hindrance than useful. However, no matter what your ability will be, it will change your life forever, so you should know what you are getting yourself into. In the outside world, our members are hunted by people who want to figure out the secrets behind our abilities, and how to get in here. We stay inside this realm for our safety, and when we go out, it's always in groups, with GPS devices, following predetermined routes and schedule, so that in case something happens, our people can find us."
　　"I see", Sandy said thoughtfully. She already heard about witches and breeding, so that was not new. However, now it concerned not only her mate, but her as well, so the threat became more real.
　　But Sandy was a capable warrior, working closely with Damon and Talia, the two most powerful Alphas, and who will dare to mess with her?
　　Sandy remembered Talia's demonstration when she glowed, and the tornado when they dispelled the dark magic and she wondered if she will be able to do something magically-cool.  
　　Sandy looked at the man who was holding her hands and anxiously waiting for her to say something.
　　"What is your ability?", she asked.
　　"I don't know.", Tyler admitted. "Our abilities awaken after we give our first time to our fated mate."
　　Sandy's mouth formed a big 'O' as she understood how that's why they were keeping themselves pure. She thought it was for romantic reasons, yet it turned into something practical.
　　"So?", Tyler asked, and licked his lips nervously before asking, "Do I have your permission to mark you?"
　　Sandy inhaled a shaky breath. It is happening! "Yes."
　　Tyler pushed Sandy to lay on her back with his body and stared into her blue-green eyes.
　　"You are perfect, Sasa.", he said with all the seriousness in the world. "Thank you for expressing your willingness to wear my mark and bear the consequences. No matter what your ability will be, I promise, we will go through it together."
　　"And no matter what awaits for us in the future, I will stay by your side.", she said, feeling the need to assure him that she will carry her weight in their relationship that just started, yet both of them were confident it will last forever.
　　Tyler hummed in approval. "You have no idea how happy I am that I've found you."
　　Sandy raised her hips to press herself against his erection, making him groan in response.
　　"I think I have an idea.", she said cockily.
　　"Oh, Sasa…", Tyler murmured while getting lost in her green-blue eyes that contained his whole world. "I endured so much alone, and I want to make up for it. Are you ready?"
　　Sandy's insides trembled as arousal swelled within her. Was she ready? She was born ready! "Don't make it sound like you were the only one waiting. I watched my friends and family find their mates, wondering when my turn will come, and here you are."
　　"Here I am.", he confirmed.
　　His hips moved, and Sandy's mouth opened in a gasp when his hard and hot cock glided between her drenched folds.
　　Tyler loved seeing her dazed expression as she was drowning in lust. Because of him.
　　His lips covered hers to swallow her moans, determined to fuck her, feed her, and they will have sex every day, and he will never sleep alone again!
　　His tip pressed at her entrance and they both froze, their intense gazes locked on each other as both breathed heavily in anticipation of what was to come.
　　Tyler grinned. "I want to hear you scream my name, and then I will mark you, and the rest of our lives will begin. How does that sound?"
　　Sandy's fingers laced behind his neck. "It sounds wonderful." And then she pulled herself up to kiss his lips and take in his flavors of freshly made pancakes that came with a generous dose of maple syrup. Her favorites.
　　"Fuck!", she cursed into his mouth when he entered her in one powerful jab that stretched her just right, and then she clawed at his back in an attempt to get him closer to her.
　　Tyler smiled into the kiss. Fuck. Exactly. He was doing it! And it was fantastic!
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 643 Phenomenon at the bottom of the lake (1)
Chapter 643 Phenomenon at the bottom of the lake (1)
　　After dinner, Axel and Yasmin led the group to a lake.
　　It was a fifteen minutes-long walk that passed in friendly chatter.
　　Talia noticed that some members of the Midnight Guardians pack were following them. It felt awkward because they were keeping their distance, but she knew that they were curious about her and Damon, yet staying away out of respect, so she pretended not to see them.
　　No one talked about swimming, but it was an opportunity to spend time outside, see the area, and enjoy the night scenery with the lake as a backdrop.
　　The forest ended abruptly to open into a narrow clearing that was covered in grass and occasional protruding rocks before it melded into a calm lake that glistened under the moonlight.
　　Talia smiled at the sight. It was beautiful.
　　They all sat on the rocks and ground and chattered.
　　Yasmin and Cornelia were talking about the outside world with James and Axel listening.
　　Kai and Meg were asking Keith and Liam about Sandy because Meg wanted to prepare a welcoming party for Sandy.
　　Talia thought how that was cute. "Do you normally arrange a welcome for new members?"
　　Meg was not sure. Other than Yasmin, no one else joined the Midnight Guardians pack after her, but… "I am thinking about my experience. Everyone had their duties and routine, and with my ability flaring out of control and breaking things randomly, it was tough. If not for Kai, I would be totally lost. I want to do something to let Sandy know that her presence is appreciated and how besides her mate, other people are also happy she is here."
　　"That's so sweet of you, Meg.", Talia said. "Let me know if I can help you with this."
　　Meg needed a moment to come up with an idea. "The big lounge in the main building. We can invite Elders and anyone who has some rank and introduce Sandy officially, and when that's done and guests leave, then just our circle can continue in an intimate setting with fruit cocktails and roasted marshmallows. Something homey."
　　Damon shook his head in disapproval. "Sandy is a warrior. If you want to make her feel at home, instead of cute cocktails and gooey chocolates, we should have a hunt."
　　'I could use a hunt!', Liseli shouted in Talia's mind and Talia felt excitement swelling inside her. Her wolf wanted to stretch her paws, probably with Sapa, and Talia couldn't ignore her.
　　"Hunt sounds like a good idea.", Talia said and looked at Damon. "How about we add a competition for some fun and bragging rights?"
　　Damon was up for the challenge. "Do you have something on your mind?"
　　Keith made a face. "If Alphas are competing, we might as well sit this one out."
　　Meg agreed with Keith. Alphas are faster and stronger, with sharper senses, but she liked the hunt idea, just like anyone else. Was there a way to level out the field?
　　"We can come up with goals for the hunt.", Meg suggested.
　　That got Liam's attention. "What animals do you have here? Maybe we can mark a few in advance, and only those would count toward the final score."
　　"And if we hurt an unmarked animal, then the score will be deducted.", Keith chimed in.
　　Meg's eyes lit up, obviously in approval of this twist. "How should we mark them?"
　　"Make sure that mark doesn't leave a scent and it's not a physical that can be seen because that will allow your Alpha to cheat.", Axel said teasingly from the side.
　　Talia blinked at him when she realized he was talking about her. "You think I will cheat?"
　　Axel shrugged. "When the competitiveness kicks in and you see that you are losing, anything is possible."
　　Talia puffed her cheeks in protest, but she didn't comment on it. Talia and Liseli would love to win and impress Damon and Sapa, but would they cheat?
　　"Talia", Axel called. "While they are planning the hunt, can we have a word?" He tilted his head to the side, telling her that they should step away and talk in privacy.
　　"Of course", Talia responded and stood up from the rock with Damon right behind her. He had no intention of leaving her on her own. Not anymore.
　　Talia smiled at the clingy Alpha and took his hand into hers, their fingers interlacing immediately as a silent confirmation that he was coming with her.
　　Axel didn't mind Damon's company, knowing that Talia will tell him everything anyway.
　　Axel led the way toward the lake, and they stopped where water kissed the damp soil.
　　Axel closed his eyes to sense the surroundings and when he confirmed that no one was within the hearing distance, he said, "Since I have unrestricted access to all archives, I use my free time to read. It's mostly historical data, some sounding like fairytales, but I found something interesting about this lake. There is a phenomenon at the bottom. Can you sense it?"
　　Both Damon and Talia closed their eyes and started feeling their surroundings with the focus towards the depths of the lake.
　　The outlines showed uneven ground with rocks and some plants swaying slowly, and then there were clams, fish, and turtles.
　　As their senses moved toward the middle of the lake, there was an absence of animals, and then the water became blurry.
　　'How far can you see?', Damon asked Talia through their private mind-link. 'I can't see beyond the kelp forest.'
　　'Let me show you.', Talia responded and opened her mind to project what she sees directly into Damon's mind.
　　Damon was surprised to see that Talia's perception was sharper than his. Sapa told him that Damon had a physical advantage when compared to Talia, while she had sensitivity to energies and could manipulate them, but Damon didn't think that she would have this much of an advantage. 
　　It's not that he was jealous of her, but Damon craved more strength and abilities, how else will he be able to protect his kitten?
　　Damon shook those thoughts away and focused on the mental images Talia was sending him. She was going deeper into the kelp forest that moved with the strong unpredictable currents and Damon thought how that was familiar.
　　It took him a moment to realize that this resembled the depths of the lake that's next to Darkbourne, the same one where Tatiana got stuck in kelp and Maddox saved her.
　　Talia continued deeper to find that the currents in the lake rotated around the center that pulsated with an unusual amount of energy, reminding her of energies at the portals where one can cross to a different realm, yet not quite the same.
　　The energies prevented her from seeing what was at the center no matter how hard she tried, so Talia opened her eyes and asked Axel, "What's down there?"
　　"You can feel it, right? There is something."
　　Talia understood that Axel didn't know what it was. "Did you dive there?"
　　"I couldn't reach far on my own. I was thinking that we can go together."
　　"Are you sending her to danger?", Damon growled with warning dripping from his word.
　　Axel raised his hands, palms toward Damon, signaling that he doesn't mean harm. How could he forget about this protective Alpha who will attack first and then ask questions? 
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 644 Phenomenon at the bottom of the lake (2)
Chapter 644 Phenomenon at the bottom of the lake (2)
　　Axel didn't want to cause trouble, or start a fight he can't win. He needed to be friendly with Damon because he didn't want to make things awkward for Talia, so Axel quickly said to Damon, "Investigating the phenomenon doesn't mean actually going there. We have various ways to get information."
　　When Damon's shoulders relaxed, Axel continued talking to Talia, "I was reading some old documents and I found a cryptic text that points to the lake, and then I discovered this. Yasmin said that this amount of energy is not natural. There is something down there, something powerful."
　　"Do you think it's a portal?", Talia asked Axel with concern while looking toward the center of the lake that shimmered under the moonlight.
　　If there was a portal at the bottom, it was open because a non-active portal wouldn't create any disturbance. Before the portal to the realm of witches was opened, anyone would pass next to that massive rock without finding anything unusual.
　　Talia remembered the map which showed that there were other portals in this realm, but they were marked as not active. She didn't remember if there was a mark in the lake, but she definitely remembered that the only active portal was the one toward the realm of humans. 
　　Evanora also hinted that there were more portals in the realm of witches. What if the witches also had a lake with unexplained energies at the bottom? Would such a thing exist unnoticed by witches who are trained to sense energies?
　　Talia was unsettled at the thought that there were other portals in the human realm also. Without knowing where they were and where they led, they could be easily ambushed. What if they were relaxing here by the lake while cyclops invaded Darkbourne?
　　Axel saw that Talia's expression was changing, and it was not good, so he tried to comfort her. "It doesn't mean this is a portal. It can be many things. Yasmin can explain in detail, but the short version is that when energies are disturbed, nature will try to put things back in place. The currents at the bottom of the lake are not natural, just how the maze and traps in the human realm at the entrance to this realm wouldn't be there normally; those are results of nature trying to restore order."
　　Talia didn't know much about witches but so far she heard about channeling energy with the help of runes, energy crystals, chants, hand seals, potions, and magic-imbued items, and some of them were more permanent than the others.
　　Talia remembered how before she poured energy to open the portal to the realm of witches, Cassandra put some rocks in specific places. Those were special rocks that prevented the portal from being closed by nature.
　　Talia wondered if just removing one of those rocks will close the portal. It could be that easy.
　　Or maybe those rocks were not foolproof, and the portal would lose its energy in time. If that's the case, then no one closed the portal on purpose, but it just ran out of energy.
　　Talia puffed her cheeks. "I want to see the text that pointed you here, and I want to talk to Yasmin and see what she thinks. We should involve Cornelia in this discussion also." She wanted to ask Axel if any other pack member went down there, but if Axel couldn't go, then no one else could. She looked at Damon. "We need to investigate this. If it's a portal, we have an opening with an unknown threat. Or maybe it could be a magical item that can help us stay safe."
　　Damon didn't like this. "And it could be a ticking bomb that will go off when disturbed."
　　Instead of responding to Damon's obvious disapproval, Talia asked, "You felt it also, right? You know it's similar to what we have in the lake near Darkbourne."
　　Axel's eyes widened at this information. "You have the same?"
　　Talia nodded. "I never looked into it, but it looks like the same thing. Strong currents, kelp forest, and no one actually knows what's down there so people are speculating how there are mermaids at the bottom of the lake."
　　Damon disapproved, but he couldn't ignore a potential threat that was right in his backyard. This didn't look like a vacation anymore, damn it!
　　"We should check if other packs have something like this.", Damon said.
　　"You think there are more?", Talia asked.
　　Damon shrugged. "We both have a lake with an odd thing at the bottom. Do you think this is a coincidence? Or do you think we are the only ones?"
　　Axel agreed. "We have five more lakes that are deep enough, and I checked them all. Only this one has this oddity, and this one is the closest one to the center of our territory. If you ask me, one odd lake would be a coincidence, but since you have one also, I believe they are definitely artificially made. We should check other deep lakes that are in territories of other packs."
　　The more they spoke, the less Damon liked this. "It doesn't need to be a lake. It can be a cave or any other difficult-to-reach place. You spent most of your life here, yet you were not aware of what's down there. Talia is sensitive to energies, and she wouldn't look there if you didn't tell her. We need to find out who created this and with what purpose."
　　Talia leaned on Damon, and she loved how his arms wrapped around her naturally. His presence calmed her down, just as hers soothed his temper.
　　Her gaze moved over the surface of the lake that glistened under the moonlight, and now that she knew what was brewing at the bottom, she didn't think of the image as serene.  
　　…
　　They returned to the room to retreat for the night. 
　　Talia showered and wrapped herself in a fluffy towel, and then she stood in front of the sink while looking at her reflection in the mirror.
　　"What are you thinking about?", Damon asked from the door. He didn't bother dressing up, knowing that they will sleep naked, so he only had a towel around his waist. He thought she will join him in bed, and they can talk there (and indulge in carnal pleasures) as usual, but she was just standing in the bathroom.
　　Talia didn't respond, so Damon guessed, "Are you worried about your talk with Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac tomorrow? Or is this about the lake? Or are you thinking about our upcoming visit to the Silver Flame Coven?"
　　"All of it." And none of it. "It's just that stress accumulated over time and…"
　　"And that's why we came here.", he interrupted her. "A vacation is to unwind." He walked to Talia and hugged her from the back. His chin rested on her bare shoulder, and he looked into the mirror. "But instead of unwinding, you just replaced one worry for another and then added more. Talk to me, kitten."
　　Talia snorted. "Just how you talk to me?"
　　Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "What does that mean?"
　　"Do you think I don't know how many things you are hiding from me? Of course, it's not on purpose to deceive me, but you think that I shouldn't worry."
　　"I am used to working on my own.", Damon said to his defense. "Sharing my burdens with you is something I'm working on."
　　"Fair enough."
　　He was happy with this response. He kissed her shoulder and he stayed there, his lips moved against her skin as he spoke, "How about we take this to bed?"
　　Talia grimaced.
　　"Is there a problem?", Damon asked.
　　"That's the bed Alpha Isaac and Alpha Sophia used. I'm not comfortable sleeping there."
　　Damon couldn't believe this. Was that the reason she refused to join him on the bed that afternoon? But he had no intention of sleeping anywhere else.
　　He grinned. "Who said we will be sleeping? Besides, as proof of dominance, we should leave our scents there."
　　"Ahhh!", Talia shrieked when he picked her up without any warning and carried her out of the bedroom.
　　He threw her on the bed and Talia bounced on the mattress. Before she could catch her bearings, Damon was on top of her.
　　"Let me love you here, kitten. I want to love you everywhere…"
　　Talia's arousal swelled, making her forget about the discomfort related to the people who were using that bed previously. Her handsome Alpha wanted to love her everywhere, how can she say no to that?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 645 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (12)
Chapter 645 Back in the Midnight Guardians pack (12)
　　Talia dressed up for breakfast and she turned to see Damon buttoning up his shirt with much more force than necessary.
　　She knew that his mood was fluctuating because they were about to meet with the ex-Alphas.
　　"Damon?", Talia called. "Will you be OK talking to Sophia and Isaac?"
　　How can he be calm when he was about to meet with two people who were directly responsible for Talia growing up in hellish conditions? And then they tried to harm him which caused him to forget about his own mate!
　　Damon rolled his shoulders to release tension, with little to no result. "I will try."
　　"You don't need to force yourself.", she said.
　　Damon's head snapped to look at her. Did she think that he will sit this one out? "I want to."
　　"I know, but it won't help if you commit murder before we find out anything useful. Remember, they have the information we need."
　　"I will pressure them with my aura and squeeze all their secrets.", Damon said through his teeth.
　　Talia was conflicted. She understood Damon's anger because she was angry as well, but they were Axel's parents, two people who raised him, and Talia couldn't be harsh toward them. Killing them won't fix any of the wrongs they did. In Talia's opinion, letting Sophia and Isaac live without their powers and without authority, was the appropriate punishment for someone who was used to controlling things. Besides… "Violence won't be necessary."
　　Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia suspiciously. "Do you think they will open up and admit things they were hiding for decades?"
　　"Yes.", Talia responded with a small smirk which told him there was more to it. "Axel will spike their tea with a truth serum. It will make them eager to talk and they won't be able to lie. It's like a drunk person, but with a clear mind."
　　"A truth serum", Damon repeated. There was a memory-erasing concoction, and now a truth serum. Damon took a mental note to get his hands on some of those interesting things that the Midnight Guardians pack has.
　　"What if they don't drink it?", he asked.
　　"Then we will inject them with it, or you can use your aura.", Talia said and walked to Damon. She put her hands on his shoulders and looked him in the eyes. "You are my rock, Damon, and I want you there. But I need you to stay calm no matter what you hear."
　　"For how long?"
　　Talia was not sure how to respond to this. "Ask me that after our meeting."
　　Damon nodded stiffly and then he watched as her hands moved lower, her dainty fingers elegantly buttoned up the last few buttons on his shirt.
　　"There…", she said, feeling proud of herself.
　　Every time she did something for Damon, no matter how small it was, it filled her with satisfaction. She wondered if those were her emotions, or Damon's. Was he so pleased because she was helping him?
　　Damon's gaze was soft and all-consuming, and her breath hitched when their eyes met.
　　"Thank you for taking care of me, Mrs. Blake", he said, his words slow and deep from all the love he had for her. "I hope you will let me take care of you. I know you are strong and capable, but I hope you keep in mind that you don't need to be strong by yourself."
　　Talia smiled at the emotional Alpha who was telling her they were equal. He was there to protect her and to take care of her, and she will do the same for him because they were equal, and that was perfect.
　　…
　　For breakfast, they didn't go to the cafeteria, and the formal dining room in the main house was used for the first time since Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac lost their positions. Normally, Axel, Yasmin, Meg, and Kai would either eat in their rooms or in the cafeteria.
　　Talia was sitting at the head of the table with Damon on her left. On the other side of the table, opposite Talia, was Axel with Yasmin on his left. Meg, Kai, Keith, Liam, James, and Cornelia were at the table as well.
　　Sandy and Tyler didn't come down, and the only sign they were alive was a tray filled with empty plates that they left outside of their room sometimes in the wee hours of the morning. Yasmin arranged for dirty dishes to be taken away and to be replaced with fresh food. With all the activity new mates normally go through, Sandy and Tyler will need the nutrients.
　　Sophia and Isaac, previous Alphas of the Midnight Guardians pack arrived late. They didn't want to eat with others, but Axel told them that they can come on their own, or he will get them dragged there, so they didn't have a choice. 
　　Not welcoming Talia when she arrived, and not joining them for dinner was as much as disrespect Axel was willing to allow. 
　　Axel knew his parents as stern and stubborn, but he believed they were acting with pure motives and taking care of the pack. Since Axel told them about Talia after the Summer Solstice festival, the pure image he had of his parents was crumbling and now he was not sure what to think of them. 
　　In order not to do something he will regret, Axel distanced himself from his parents, and he buried himself in work, looking through old archives and trying to create an ive image of who his Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac were.
　　Since they lost their positions, ex-Alphas were keeping a low profile, mostly staying inside. In front of the pack members, it looked like a peaceful transition of power to the younger generation, but the insiders knew how it happened and Sophia and Isaac were ashamed by the way their roles were taken away from them. In addition to that, they even lost their powers.
　　Sophia looked dejectedly at the head of the table. That was her spot, yet now Talia was there. Axel was sitting in the spot that belonged to his father.
　　Sophia released a long breath. Things changed. Her mind flashed with images of many meals they shared there, just the three of them, yet now it felt crowded, and their spots were not theirs anymore. They were replaced.
　　"Mother, father", Axel called without getting up. "Nice of you to join us. Please, sit." He gestured at the empty chairs that were in the middle of the table. "After the meal, we will move to the study."
　　Sophia was hesitating, but Isaac placed his hand low on her back and nudged her to move. They talked about this. Neither of them was happy with the current situation, but Talia was back, as the Alpha this time. Talia took their powers, and if they provoke her further, she could take much more.
　　Sophia and Isaac didn't know why they were summoned here for breakfast and a meeting. It was unimaginable that they were patching up things to function as a family. Talia was never part of their group of three, and Axel distanced himself to the point that Sophia wondered if he was her son anymore. The couple held onto the slim hope that if they cooperate, Talia might return their abilities.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 646 Family's secrets (3)
Chapter 646 Family's secrets (3)
　　Sophia and Isaac took seats at the table, and Talia wondered if they knew that Yasmin was pregnant. Wouldn't it be normal for future grandparents to inquire about the progress of pregnancy?
　　Axel waved at Omegas who approached the table to serve tea.
　　Axel spoke to his parents, "This is your favorite tea. Help yourselves with the food. We were just about to discuss Alpha Talia's plans for today. Everyone should know this because all of us will be involved in some capacity."
　　Axel glanced at Kai, who understood that he should take over.
　　"After breakfast, Alpha Talia, Alpha Damon, Alpha Axel, ex-Alpha Sophia, and ex-Alpha Isaac will head to the study. During that time, the rest of us will be engaged with preparations for the feast and the pack run tonight."
　　Meg couldn't wait to add, "Oracle's assistants will perform the ceremony before the pack run, and Sandy will officially become a member of the Midnight Guardians." The ceremony was not mandatory, but it would definitely lift the spirits of pack members.
　　"Sandy?", Isaac asked.
　　Axel responded, "Sandy from the Dark Howlers pack came here as Alpha Talia's guard, and the Moon Goddess blessed her to be Gamma Tyler's fated mate. Sandy is a skilled warrior with a great ethic that earned her to be Alpha's guard. I am confident she will be an amazing Gamma. "
　　Isaac nodded in understanding, and Kai continued with the schedule.
　　"Later in the morning, Alphas will meet to talk to Luna Yasmin and Cornelia about energy activities that were recently discovered, and they will plan for the trip to the Silver Flame Coven. After lunch, Meg and I will be available to give a tour of our facilities to the guests."
　　Meg spoke to Talia, but it was for Damon, Keith, and Liam also because they were new. "We will show you the map and points of interest, and you can decide what you want to see. If it's too much for one afternoon, we can stretch it over the next few days."
　　Talia was happy with this schedule. Other than morning meetings, the rest was free to sightsee and relax until the feast and the pack run. That sounded like a vacation.
　　Talia opened her mouth when a fork full of food reached there and she looked at Damon who was feeding her.
　　Damon focused on feeding Talia in an attempt to ignore Sophia and Isaac who were sitting at the same table. The usually calm Sapa was stirring inside Damon with the desire to rip their throats out.
　　Sapa was furious. Because of those two narrow-minded people, he was sealed, and he was unable to reach Liseli. He waited centuries for a chance to reunite with his mate, unsure if it will ever happen, and when it finally happened, those two despicable people intervened. And why? Sapa didn't care why because no reason was good enough to justify what they did.
　　Another grave sin was that they gave up Talia which put her in a position where she was neglected to the point of Liseli sacrificing herself to save Talia's life. What would happen if Liseli perished!? Would he need to wait another hundred empty lifetimes for a chance to meet his other half?
　　Sapa wanted Sophia and Isaac gone, and only their blood could soothe his rage.
　　Talia noticed that Damon was stiff as his Alpha aura was leaking, and she tried to distract him.
　　"What do you think about the schedule?", Talia asked Damon while chewing.
　　"As long as there is a relaxing time and you are not getting yourself in trouble, I'm fine.", Damon responded and then glanced at Keith and Liam. "The two of you must tour facilities. I want you to see every part of this pack."
　　Keith and Liam nodded obediently. It's not that they were planning to skip finding out more about the Midnight Guardians pack, but they didn't understand why Damon was making it sound important. Were they acting as spies? It didn't make sense because Talia was the Alpha.
　　The truth was that Damon was hoping that those two will find their mates, Keith in particular. The Midnight Guardians pack had a rule that their mates (male or female) get to join the Midnight Guardians pack, but considering Talia's status, Keith would continue guarding her even if his mate was from here.
　　Damon was aware that Keith was the best person to guard Talia, but if the wretched coach could find his mate, Damon won't worry about Keith making a move on Talia.
　　Talia was thinking about the ceremony, and she thought of reminding everyone of one thing, "Oracle Cassandra will probably stay in the Silver Flame Coven for a while. Can we get one of her helpers to become the Oracle? It could be either her most experienced helper, or we can perform a test in competency."
　　"Oh!", Yasmin exclaimed excitedly. "Cornelia and I will be happy to come up with the rules and select the most competent one."
　　"Me?", Cornelia asked. She had no idea why Yasmin was dragging her into this. She was just visiting!
　　"Yes, you. If you don't keep busy with work, you might have too much time on your hands and end up getting marked by your soulmate. It happens when things get heated.", Yasmin said cheekily, and she winked at James who was getting alarmed by Yasmin provoking Cornelia in front of others. At this rate, Cornelia might leave him because of Yasmin's teasing.
　　Yasmin continued talking to Cornelia, "I am familiar with what the healers do, and I know you are the right person to do it. After breakfast, I will take you to the lab that healers are using, and you will see for yourself. They are behind with energy manipulation and herbalism, but I was impressed with some potions they are making here. If we infuse them with chants, we could improve them further."
　　Cornelia was interested in seeing what others were doing, and there was even a chance for her to conduct experiments! 
　　Despite Cornelia's interest, her expression remained stiff. She didn't like that the young witch was manipulating her. Can she refuse when Yasmin was talking about this in front of others? 
　　But what else would she do? Since she left the Coven, Cornelia saw some of the human's realm, but most of the time she was stuck in a room. If she accepts, Cornelia will have something useful to do, and she will find out more about the Midnight Guardians pack. But… what about James?
　　"Do you mind?", Cornelia asked James, and James' lips lifted into a smile in slow motion.
　　She asked for his opinion! Suddenly, he felt important.
　　"You can do whatever you want, Cora." As long as you don't leave me.
　　"Hehehe…", Yasmin giggled mischievously.
　　"What?", Cornelia snapped.
　　"This is the first time for me to see you asking permission. It seems that the bond is affecting you more than you are willing to admit."
　　Cornelia glared at Yasmin and her eyes widened when she saw food hovering in front of her face. He turned to look helplessly at James and then she opened her mouth to accept his offerings.
　　…
　　Talia, Damon, Axel, Sophia, and Isaac settled in the study.
　　Talia and Axel discussed on the previous day that this meeting was about business. They will ask about the Guardians and the portals, and then they added the phenomenon at the bottom of the lake to that list.
　　Talia wanted to know about her past also, but she feared that information as well, so she was postponing it for later. Much later.
　　'Let me see if the potion works', Axel's voice sounded in Talia's head, and she nodded in agreement, knowing that he had something on his mind.
　　"Why did you give your daughter away?", Axel asked, and Talia's head snapped toward him. Why did he ask that question?
　　"I didn't.", Sophia responded, and Talia wondered if she heard her right.
　　Isaac's eyes flashed with outrage when he realized that something was wrong. "What did you do to us?"
　　Axel waved his hand, indicating that it was not important. "Just something to make you unable to lie. It will wear off in a few hours." He turned to his mother. "Are you saying you didn't give Talia away when she was a baby?"
　　"I am saying that I didn't give away my daughter."
　　"I am not your daughter.", Talia said with relief. It made her feel better to know that her mother didn't discard her. But then… "Who are my parents?" Knowing that there are only two Alphas who could be her parents, Talia looked at Isaac suspiciously. Did he sleep around?
　　"Your father was Valerian Moonrider. My older brother.", Sophia said.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 647 Family's secrets (4)
Chapter 647 Family's secrets (4)
　　"Your father was Valerian Moonrider."
　　Sophia's words echoed in Talia's head as her emotions fluctuated, curiosity mixed with relief and excitement, and it all drowned in grief when she realized that Sophia spoke about him in the past tense.
　　As much as the idea of Sophia and Isaac being her parents felt wrong, something about the name Valerian Moonrider called to Talia, and she wanted to know, no… she needed to know everything.
　　Who was her mother? What happened to her father? Based on the last name, Talia understood that the Alpha gene for the Midnight Guardians pack was coming from Sophia's side of the family.
　　Was Sophia behind Valerian's demise in order to become an Alpha? Was Isaac involved? Talia told herself not to jump to conclusions, but Sophia and Isaac showed that they were capable of harming others for their own selfish goals they conveniently packaged as concern for the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　Isaac held Sophia's hand and his other arm was around Sophia's shoulders, and Talia understood that this was Sophia's story to tell.
　　"Tell me about him.", Talia demanded from Sophia. Her voice was not loud, but it rooted them all in place and Axel was confident that his mother would tell the truth even without the truth serum.
　　Sophia's expression became wistful as her memories took her to the past.
　　"Val was the best in everything. He was the next Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and rightfully so. He was the fastest, the strongest, the smartest, and the funniest person in the pack. Other than being tall and handsome, he was also sharp, kind, and considerate. He could read a room and get what he wanted without even trying. Everyone worshiped Valerian Moonrider as the one who will lead the Midnight Guardians pack into a bright future." 
　　Sophia's brows came together in a frown. "The only thing he was missing was his mate, and one day, he decided it was time for him to find her."
　　"What happened next?", Axel asked. He remembered records about Valerian Moonrider, but they were without dates, which was not unusual considering their extraordinary flow of time. Creatures with centuries-long lifespans don't bother counting days, months, or years. They would mark significant events like a plague, a war, or a volcano erupting. Axel assumed that Valerian Moonrider was one of his ancestors because his mother would talk only about her parents, the previous Alphas of the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　"My parents were Alphas and they were growing restless with every day they didn't hear from their son.", Sophia continued. "You see, at that time we didn't have safety protocols or required check-ins, but whoever went through the portal knew about different passing of time. Val was a free spirit, but he was not irresponsible, and he was aware that his prolonged absence will create unrest. It was shortly after my first shift into wolf form that Alphas went to search for Val, and I was left behind with Elders to wait for the news."
　　Sophia shook her head.
　　"There was no news. All three of them disappeared along with the people who accompanied them. Eventually, I came of age and went out. That's when I met Isaac." Sophia looked at her mate now. "Isaac was the second son of the Alpha of the Whisper Pride pack. He was my perfect mate, not only because of the mate bond but because he had Alpha blood and as the second son he was not tied to his pack. His brother stayed as the heir and Isaac came with me. We didn't know that the Red Moon pack will attack them shortly…"
　　"Can you go back to the point?", Talia interrupted Sophia impatiently. She didn't want to listen about some random pack that was defeated and absorbed by the Red Moon pack. This was about her father and how Sophia became Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack in his place.
　　Sophia looked at Talia irritably, but she got back on the topic.
　　"As time passed without news of my brother or the Alphas, Elders advised that the pack can't go on without an Alpha. I had my mate, so we became the Alphas of the Midnight Guardians pack."
　　Talia didn't miss the emphasis Sophia put on how she took over as Alphas only because of Elders. Was she trying to make herself less guilty? Probably.
　　"The pack would know if their Alphas perished.", Damon said. "Did you confirm that your parents were not alive?"
　　"It's not so simple.", Sophia said. "When Alpha travels through the portal, the connection to the pack will weaken. As the time passed, we could all feel the connection weakening to the point where we couldn't sense it anymore, but there was no sudden breakage that should happen when the Alpha dies."
　　Axel was looking at his parents with a deep frown. "Are you saying that our grandparents might be alive, out there, and you didn't search for them?"
　　"Don't be quick to judge us.", Sophia responded. "We were young and inexperienced. Val is the one who got all the training to be the future Alpha and I was still a child when he and the previous Alphas left. I was doing my best to keep the pack from dissolving in panic. I needed to be present. WE needed to be present. It took us years to get people to calm down and to believe that we won't abandon them."
　　"And where would we search?", Isaac asked indignantly. "Do you think we didn't try? Whenever I went out, I was searching for information, but there was nothing."
　　"Of course, there was nothing.", Damon said with disapproval in his voice. "The moment you took over as Alphas, their connection to the pack was broken. At most, you could feel them as pack members, and that's not easy to detect unless the other party is nearby."
　　Talia waved her hand impatiently. She didn't hear the part she was interested in the most.
　　"Continue. You became Alphas and then what? My father returned to the pack, right? Or did he contact you? How did I end up here?"
　　Sophia took a deep breath and said, "Isaac and I became Alphas. It took us a while to establish some resemblance to normal. Axel was born and we came up with rules that tightened security around the portal, and we swore to our people that no matter what happens, at least one Alpha will stay with the pack. Our peace was disturbed when Val returned with a baby girl." Sophia looked at Talia reluctantly.
　　Seeing that Axel, Sophia, and Damon were at the edge of their seats, ready to snap at the slightest provocation, Sophia didn't want to talk further, but the potion eased her resistance and she continued.
　　"Val was emaciated, a shadow of what he used to be. He said that we need to hide his daughter, that no one should know she was his. His mate was gone, and he brought his daughter here, believing that this is the only safe place."
　　"Safe, from what?", Axel asked.
　　"I don't know.", Sophia said. "Val didn't stick around. In the morning, he was gone, leaving behind a necklace and a note that the girl's name is Natalia Moonrider."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 648 Family's secrets (5)
Chapter 648 Family's secrets (5)
　　Talia's eyes flashed at the mention of that name. Natalia Moonrider.
　　She had a name, a full name that her parents gave her. Talia was her nickname and not a name someone made up.
　　Where did she hear it the first time? People at the Red Moon pack called her derogatorily as 'roach', 'rat', and 'slave', but she knew that her name was Talia, which confirmed that someone addressed her as such at the Red Moon pack, and that meant Talia was not randomly abandoned and found. She was given away, together with her name.
　　Talia forced herself to focus. She had so many questions, and the people with answers were right in front of her.
　　"You said, my mother was gone. Does that mean…?", Talia couldn't finish.
　　"We are not sure, but we can assume she is dead.", Isaac responded. "That would explain Valerian's sorry appearance. The death of his mate was killing him."
　　"Did he say where he went?", Damon asked.
　　"No.", Sophia responded. "We guessed that he went to get revenge for his mate. It didn't appear she died of natural causes."
　　Damon frowned at Sophia. "You better tell us the details."
　　"What details?", Isaac asked while moving his body to shield Sophia in front of Damon's rising rage.
　　"Everything!", Damon demanded.
　　"We don't know more than what I said.", Sophia responded.
　　Damon's frown deepened. "Your brother returned, and you didn't ask him where he was or where he was going after leaving you with a child? Did he say anything else about his mate? How did she die? Was someone chasing him?"
　　Sophia shook her head helplessly. "You need to understand that Val's appearance was a shock to us. I didn't know he will leave, and we didn't press him with questions, thinking that he will rest, and we will have plenty of time to talk later. I was happy that my brother was back, and people wondered if he will take over as the Alpha." She smiled bitterly. "He was gone for decades, yet people still saw him as the Alpha."
　　"So, it was about your position.", Damon said through his teeth.
　　"It was about the pack!", Sophia snapped back.
　　Talia's heart tightened. In the last few minutes, she heard the story about her parents that gave her hope, and then took it away. The good thing was that her father brought her here with the intention to keep her safe. They didn't abandon her. Her parents were protecting her. But why was her heart aching like someone was digging nails into it?
　　Talia had no idea at what point Damon wrapped her in his embrace, but there he was, holding her to prevent her from falling apart.
　　Axel remembered one thing. "I read a document that spoke about Talia's birth. How the stormy clouds parted, and the moon shone on her."
　　"I wrote it down because that was the only thing Valerian told us about the child's background.", Isaac said. "We were planning to ask him about it and get more details, but he was gone."
　　Axel thought that was another prophecy, but it seemed it was just a note his father made. When Axel spoke to Cassandra, she confirmed gibberish because she was in cahoots with Sophia and Isaac to keep it a secret.
　　"And then what?", Axel continued probing. "How did Talia end up in the Red Moon pack if her father asked you to protect her?" Axel was back to the question that started this avalanche of information. Why did they give Talia away?
　　Sophia responded. "We noticed immediately that Natalia was quiet. Too quiet. She was barely able to sit without support, yet she would look at us like she understood everything. It was not normal for an infant to act like that. We took her to Cassandra, and that's when Cassandra told us that she is the child from the prophecy, the one that will bring calamity."
　　Axel's mood worsened. "Your brother gave you his daughter, believing you will keep her safe, but you heard some nonsense from an old Oracle, and you decided to discard her." Cassandra lied to him openly, who knows what else she lied about?
　　Isaac frowned in disapproval. "Don't accuse us of such a thing. We raised you. Do you know us as people who will abandon a helpless child?"
　　"If you don't want me to accuse you of such a despicable act, then tell me what happened.", Axel's temper was rising.
　　"Please, understand", Sophia pleaded. "We had you and the things were going fine, but then Val returned and the pack was getting restless again. With Cassandra confirming how the baby is the one to bring calamity, we were facing two choices, neither was an easy one."
　　"And your choice was to give her away.", Axel said.
　　Sophia's face was filled with grief. "It was to sacrifice one for the many. Valerian was the best one among us, and he went out with our strongest warriors. If enemies managed to reduce him to that state, they would have no issues destroying the pack. With enemies on the outside, we couldn't afford the calamity from the inside."
　　"Why the Red Moon pack?", Axel asked.
　　Isaac shook his head. "We didn't give her to any pack. The people we gave Natalia to were reliable. After some time, we checked on them, but we found that they were gone. We thought they moved and took Natalia with them."
　　Sophia continued talking to Axel, "Until you came to us after the Summer Solstice festival with a story about how there is one of us in the Dark Howlers pack, we thought that Natalia was somewhere far away, but then you said that the girl's name was Talia and after you described her, I suspected she was Valerian's daughter."
　　"Who were the people that took Talia?", Damon asked.
　　"It was a human family who already had three foster children.", Isaac responded. "Their identity is not important because they were one of many points of contact where our members would check in while staying in the human realm. We told them that Natalia was a child we found and that we were searching for her parents. They didn't know she was one of us. Unless our powers awaken, we are no different than any other werewolf and if she gave herself to a man who was not her mate, no one would ever know."
　　"You planned out everything.", Damon spoke while eyeing them suspiciously. "Did you also count on Alpha Howard taking her?"
　　Alpha Isaac responded, "I know what you are thinking, Alpha Damon, but regardless of if they were working for Alpha Howard or if they were forced to give up Natalia, the only thing they could tell him was that we asked them to take Natalia in."
　　"Did you investigate where that family went?", Damon continued asking.
　　"No.", Sophia admitted. "We had many things to deal with and…"
　　"Is that how you lead our people? Did you ever own your mistakes, or are you just capable of coming up with excuses?", Axel asked irritably. He didn't want to hear another lame justification for how things were done for the safety of the pack.
　　It made him wonder if he would be abandoned like that if Cassandra said that he was the child from the prophecy. And what about his unborn children? Were they in danger as well from their own grandparents?  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 649 Family's secrets (6)
Chapter 649 Family's secrets (6)
　　Axel knew that Sophia and Isaac believed they were putting the safety of their pack first. The fact that they were saying this under the influence of the truth serum, confirmed it.
　　Axel could find justification for almost everything they did, but he couldn't accept that they gave away Talia when she was a baby. Even if they feared that she would destroy the pack, and there was no way to assure that wouldn't happen with her in the pack, they could have sent her to a safe place, to a place where they would visit and keep an eye on her, yet they just left her with a family of humans and didn't check on her until it was too late.
　　Two decades passed, and they didn't seek that family to see if Talia was alive? What kind of people do that?
　　He remembered teachings on how the pack comes first, and every pack member was important, but wasn't Talia part of their pack? She had the same blood running through her veins! And she was a helpless baby, needing love, care, and protection, yet they left her with strangers!
　　Since Axel told Sophia and Isaac about a girl he met in the Dark Howlers pack (aka Talia), Axel started seeing the side of his parents he didn't know before. It was one disappointment after another, with the latest one when Cassandra attempted to deprive Damon of his emerging powers. That procedure could cripple him, yet his parents coldly said how they would push the blame on Talia as the effects of her marking him. 
　　As Damon's Luna, if the word were spread that she was responsible for weakening their Alpha, she would be shunned by the pack. Axel realized that his parents endangered Damon and were willing to pin on Talia a crime for which she was not responsible and leave her on her own. Again.  
　　How could they talk in front of Talia and Damon like they didn't do anything wrong?
　　Axel guessed that Talia's emotions were all over the place under her calm fa?ade, so he decided to move on to the present. "Where is the necklace?"
　　"What necklace?", Sophia asked Axel.
　　"The one that uncle Valerian left for Talia."
　　Sophia hesitated for a moment. "I have it." She obviously didn't want to part with it, and she guessed that Axel was asking so that Talia could have it.
　　"Where is it?", Axel continued pressing.
　　"In my room.", she said.
　　Axel stood up and gestured to Sophia to stand up also. "Let's get it."
　　Sophia was still sitting. "Now?"
　　"Yes. Now.", Axel responded. "You either get up, or I will make you."
　　Sophia stood up abruptly and started waving her arms wildly while talking, "You are treating me like I did an unforgivable offense. Put yourself in my shoes and ask yourself if you would act differently. Instead of growing up with my family, Val took it away and left me with a mess to handle. Only after I became the Alpha I realized how much lack of training harmed me and our people. And then he came back to cause another uproar and leave a cursed child behind without an explanation. Do you have any idea how stressful it is to live with the responsibility of protecting a pack when you don't know who is hunting you? And then there was…."
　　Damon bolted to his feet. "Shut up!"
　　Sophia plopped back onto the sofa, and sweat immediately formed on her forehead as Damon's aura held her down, and the moment Isaac moved, he was pinned down also.
　　Damon struggled against his urge to rip Sophia and Isaac into pieces. How dare they treat Talia's life like it was not important? And did they call her, cursed?
　　Sophia and Isaac were not Alphas. They were whiny little bitches, and just the sight of them made Damon disgusted.
　　Damon knew very well what it meant to become an Alpha without the right training and with enemies lurking behind every corner. Since he became the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, he made many difficult decisions, but he never abandoned any of his people. If anyone needed to stay back and face dangers, it was him. That's what Alphas do.
　　"I don't care why you made the decisions you did back then, but I am glad you are not an Alpha anymore. You lost your parents and your brother, and you gave up your brother's child. Do you regret it? It doesn't look like it because you didn't learn anything. You lost your pack and are in the process of losing your son, and enemies are multiplying. Was it worth it?"
　　Sophia looked at Damon defiantly. "You have no right to judge me."
　　"And you have no right to call my mate CURSED!" Damon roared.
　　Sophia and Isaac both groaned, Sophia's face contorting into a painful grimace.
　　"Do you know anything about her? Do you know how much she suffered because of what you did?"  Damon sneered. "It seems you forgot who I am and that I have a grudge against you. I didn't rip your throat out only because Talia convinced me that you could be useful. Instead of expecting my understanding, I suggest you cooperate before I lose my patience."
　　"Don't.", Talia said as her hand landed on his forearm. "She is not worth it."
　　Talia stood up next to Damon and spoke to Sophia. "I want that necklace and anything else my father left behind."
　　"I will make sure it happens.", Axel said, and Talia looked at him gratefully.
　　Axel ushered his parents out of the study, and Talia said, "Take Keith and Liam with you." They were in the hallway, standing guard.
　　Axel wanted to say how that won't be necessary. His parents were powerless, and he was more than capable of taking them down if they attacked him, but Talia was the Alpha and contradicting her would be a sign of disrespect. Besides, Damon's eyes were out of focus, and Axel knew that he was already min-linking Keith and Liam to follow them.
　　Axel bowed a little. "Yes, Alpha Talia. It will be as you said."
　　It was a common greeting, yet both Sophia and Isaac felt like those words were directed at them as a reminder of who was in charge.
　　"Bow to the Alpha!" Axel said sternly when Sophia and Isaac were at the door.  
　　The duo turned stiffly, and it was unpleasant to watch them bow, their movements were stiff like someone was pushing them down against their will, but no one interrupted their insincere sign of respect.
　　Talia wondered why Axel was going to such lengths, but then she guessed that he probably had his set of grievances, so she didn't want to question him.
　　The moment the door closed behind Axel, Damon pulled Talia into his embrace.
　　She buried her face in his chest and took a deep breath of her favorite scent.
　　"How are you holding?" Damon asked.
　　Talia looked up to meet his eyes. "My parents loved me."
　　Damon's heart cracked from the sadness and happiness that intermingled and poured into him through their mate bond.
　　"Let's figure out what happened to your parents, kitten.", Damon said.
　　"How?"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 650 Family's secrets (7)
Chapter 650 Family's secrets (7)
　　Damon thought for a moment before explaining his idea related to figuring out what happened to Talia's parents.  
　　"We will start by investigating shady organizations that were active two decades ago. Your father was the future Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack who found his mate, and that means he awakened his ability. In addition to that, Sophia described him as a formidable warrior with a solid head on his shoulders. If someone could harm him, his mate, and their guards, they were not random rogues, and I would assume that it took more than a few people to scare him into leaving you in the Midnight Guardians pack. The more people were involved, the bigger will be the chances of us finding something."
　　Damon saw that Talia's face was full of anticipation, so he added, "Max's shelters are accepting all kinds of people, and there is a good chance someone knows something. Also, Cristian has his connections in the black market."
　　Talia understood that Damon used this while investigating the death of his parents. But Talia had her own sources that could prove valuable. "We can also ask witches to help. Maybe they have a crystal ball or some spell that can give us hints." And while at it, they can ask witches to help find clues about who was behind the death of Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet.
　　Damon smiled when he felt that Talia's mood had improved. She needed a goal to focus on so that the darkness won't consume her again.
　　"I don't want to raise your hopes, kitten, but without seeing a body, we can't be sure they are dead."
　　Talia blinked. "Do you think my parents are alive?"
　　Damon pressed his lips on her forehead. "I promise that I won't stop searching until I find out what happened."
　　Talia could feel his sincerity, and she knew that this was close to his heart. His parents died, and he never found the culprits, and now he wanted to help Talia find closure. She was determined to help him in return.
　　Talia didn't dare to hope her parents were alive, but she wished to find answers to why her father was set on hiding her, who her mother was, and how she died.
　　"Thank you, Damon." She really meant it.
　　…
　　Axel, Sophia, and Isaac returned to the study with the necklace, and Talia stared at the delicate piece of jewelry, barely hearing Axel as he was telling her that he will prepare documents related to Valerian Moonrider and their grandparents, so that she can learn about her heritage.
　　The necklace had a simple silver chain with a pendant that resembled a shiny flower with a pearly-white drop below it. The flower was made out of crystal-clear diamonds that formed six petals with a yellow diamond in the middle. At the bottom of the flower was a tear-shaped white pearl.
　　Talia craved to find out more about her father, and she hoped to find some information about her mother. Somehow, she knew they loved each other. Would they be a happy family?
　　Talia wished to experience a reality where her parents were alive and well, and she grew up with them. Her father would be the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, her mother would be the Luna, and Talia would be the pack princess. Would she have siblings? Would her mother hold her hand while running through the forest? Would her father put her to sit on his shoulders? Would she crawl into their bed in the morning on weekends? Would they make crowns of flowers for each other and attend fairs together? She could see her father throwing rings on moving pins and winning the biggest teddy bear for her that was nearly as big as she was, but Talia would carry it proudly while walking through the crowd with her parents holding each other behind her. Oh, how glorious that would be!
　　Damon was pleased that Talia didn't shut him down completely and the myriad of emotions pouring into him through their mate bond told him that Talia was sorting her thoughts. He hoped that his presence would give her comfort, and he reached to wipe the lone tear that escaped her eye.
　　Talia blinked herself into reality to find herself in a silent study with Damon, Axel, Sophia, and Isaac, all four looking at her.
　　Talia clutched the necklace in her palm and cleared her throat. "Right. Let's discuss the next point. The Guardians."
　　Sophia was visibly alerted. "What about them?"
　　"I want to hear everything you know about them. And I mean, everything.", Talia demanded.
　　To Talia's disappointment, Sophia and Isaac didn't know much about the Guardians other than how they were mysterious and that one shouldn't offend them. That was general knowledge every werewolf knew. As Alphas, they were familiar with the protocols of how to contact the Guardians in the case the Council of Alpha needed to be assembled, and that was it.
　　Sophia defended her ignorance with the lack of historical documentation and the story of how her brother got all the teachings while she was still young.
　　Talia wondered if Maddox and Cristian would have more information on the Guardians. What about James?
　　Axel confirmed that the archives of the Midnight Guardians pack were a mess. Their ancestors didn't bother writing down stuff as most of the things were on a need-to-know basis. It was common that the current Alpha would talk to his parents (or grandparents) when he needed information on something that happened before his time, similarly to how Axel and Talia were now asking Sophia and Isaac for information. Unfortunately, Sophia and Isaac were not useful.  
　　Axel said how he was spending his free time reading and sorting out stuff, but it was a slow process.
　　Talia told Axel that he should involve Betas and Gammas in those efforts. Also, Tyler is good with technology, and he should make electronic copies of everything.
　　Sophia and Isaac disagreed, with an argument how it would increase the possibility of information leaks. Their enemies can get their hands on delicate secrets, and if their pack members find out about the dangers, they might start to panic.
　　Talia disapproved of Sophia's approach to keeping pack members safe. How Talia saw this, they were all grownups, able to decide for themselves. But unless they knew exactly what was on the other side of the portal, they were just blindly walking into danger. It was obvious that unmated members craved to find their other half, and if they knew that someone out there will hunt them, they would organize themselves to minimize risks.
　　"You think that it's better to lull them in a fake sense of security?" Talia asked Sophia. "Now I understand why pack members who escaped never come back. They believed you were obstructing them from finding their mates, and by the time they realized what was out there, it was too late. Your so-called protection was endangering everyone."
　　Sophia lowered her head at that point. Not because she didn't have anything to say, but because Talia used her aura to keep the ex-Alpha quiet. Talia was unwilling to hear any more nonsense.
　　Just as they didn't have much information on the Guardians, Sophia and Isaac were not useful when they talked about portals either, so Talia dismissed them as free to return to their quarters.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 651 Connecting two packs [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 651 Connecting two packs [Bonus chapter]
　　Talia couldn't believe that so much time had passed since Sophia and Isaac became Alphas, yet they didn't find out what happened with their own family members. And it's not that they didn't have any results, but they didn't try at all.
　　Even if the chances of Valerian being alive were slim, and Sophia didn't care to look for him because she feared he would take over her spot, how come Sophia didn't look for her parents? Was Sophia afraid that her parents won't approve of her as the Alpha? Or was there another reason? 
　　Talia couldn't understand the reasoning behind Sophia's decisions. As an Alpha, Sophia should know that ignoring problems won't make them go away.
　　Everyone talked about the Midnight Guardians pack as the most mysterious pack of all, yet they were mysterious because Sophia and Isaac closed them off. Talia had to admit how that was one smart thing to do, at least from the outsider's perspective. If people knew how incompetent Sophia and Isaac were, other packs would put all their efforts into finding that portal and conquering the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　Axel left shortly after Sophia and Isaac, giving Talia and Damon some privacy before Yasmin and Cornelia came for the next round of meetings.
　　Talia was spacing out while staring at the necklace that her father had left behind. It couldn't be just a random trinket. It had a meaning, or at least that's what Talia hoped for.
　　The flower with six petals reflected the light in rainbow colors, making it look magical. The tear-shaped white pearl was cold to the touch. Between the two were one silver hoop and another diamond.  
　　Talia looked at the pendant from every possible angle, like there was a secret message she could unravel. A spell to trigger? A voice message? Will it open like a locket? Something... anything...  
　　The necklace was shiny and delicate, and it didn't look like it was made for a strong male to wear. Did it belong to her mother?
　　Talia wished that the necklace could tell her about her parents. She wished to know what they looked like, to hear their voices and feel their touch. A hug, at least.
　　's can't speak, but people can', Liseli spoke in Talia's mind.
　　'What do you mean?'
　　'Just how you and Damon can share mental images, we can look into Sophia's.'
　　Talia felt butterflies going wild in her stomach. The possibility of seeing her father made her nervous to the point of Talia needing to use the restroom, but before she got her hopes up, Talia had to ask, 'Will Sophia allow it?'
　　Liseli snorted. 'We don't need her permission. I can force my way in.'
　　'Force?' Talia asked. Forcing access into someone's mind didn't sound pleasant. 'Will that harm her or me?'
　　'Depending on her resistance, she might turn more stupid than she already is, but isn't that worth seeing your father as he held you in his arms? You can hear his voice. Don't you want to hear exactly what he said? On top of that, you will be able to feel Sophia's emotions and experience what happened after your father left.'
　　Talia had to admit that she was interested. She thought that exchanging mental images was only between mates. Was this another power?
　　'That's how wolves of the same pack communicate. We can't talk so we send images to each other.', Liseli explained. 'However, you are an Alpha, and you have my power, so you can peer into anyone's mind, memories included.'
　　'How far into her memories can you see?'
　　'I can even look into her subconscious that's normally inaccessible.', Liseli responded smugly before adding, 'I will protect your mind; however, the further we go and the longer we stay inside, the possibility of her turning into an imbecile will increase.'
　　It was tempting, but Talia decided to think about it later. She had other immediate things to handle, and looking into Sophia's memories to soothe her longing for the father she didn't know about before that morning, didn't top her to-do list.
　　"I want your help.", Talia said to Damon.
　　"Anything.", Damon responded without missing a beat. He was sitting by Talia without making a peep for who knows how long.  
　　Talia smiled at the Alpha, who was visibly pleased that she was giving him attention. "I want you to assess the combative power of the Midnight Guardians pack and get them the training as needed."
　　Damon had no ions, but he had to ask, "Why?"
　　"Sophia and Isaac relied on the unapproachable portal to keep them safe, but if the bad guys find out about its secrets, the Midnight Guardians pack will be slaughtered and enslaved."
　　"Their power is much more than speed and muscles. Your pack members have abilities.", Damon reminded her.  
　　"MATED pack members have abilities.", Talia corrected him. "I estimate that less than half of the pack members are mated, and most of those abilities are not suitable for attacking or defending. The truth is that the fake security the portal provides made them believe they are safe as long as they don't leave."
　　"Got it.", Damon said. He thought for a moment before continuing, "While we are here, Keith and Liam can get a general idea of the situation. Kai can help them gather everyone and do an assessment of able bodies. Even non-warriors should know how to defend themselves. When we return home, I will talk to Caden to pick a few of our high-ranking warriors to come here. After the initial round of training, they can select a batch of the most promising individuals and bring them to the Dark Howlers pack, and later those will be able to train others here…."
　　Talia was pleased that Damon came up with a plan so quickly and he even considered that only a limited number of people should come to the Midnight Guardians pack in order to preserve the secrecy of the portal. But no matter how many people come, increased traffic will draw attention. Once the news breaks out how Talia, the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and Talia, the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, are the same person, people will naturally assume that the collaboration between the two packs will tighten. Because of that, members of the Dark Howlers pack will be followed when they travel out of their territory, as others will try to spy on the location of the portal. But how can they collaborate closely if they don't interact personally?
　　Talia's expression lit up when she got an idea.
　　"What are you thinking about?" Damon had to ask. The change in Talia's mood was obvious.
　　"Evanora owes me a favor.", Talia said. "I will ask her to create a way so that our two packs can travel without being noticed."
　　Damon tapped the tip of Talia's nose with his index finger. "YOUR two packs."
　　Talia scrunched her nose. "OUR two packs."
　　Damon chuckled. He liked that she became spirited enough to bicker. It was a good sign. "Do you plan to get her to create something for instant transportation?"
　　Talia nodded and then paused. "Yasmin told me how regular magic for instant travel won't work across realms because of the energies that are disturbing space and time, but maybe we could create a portal."
　　Damon's expression fell. "If it's so simple to create a portal, we would have many of them."
　　Talia had to admit he was right. If witches could create portals at will, they wouldn't be stuck in their realm for centuries. But… "They have the knowledge but no power to make it work, and that's where I come in.", Talia said smugly. She powered up one portal. Why not one more?
　　Damon thought how that might work. His kitten is awesome. "Portal from the Dark Howlers pack that leads directly to the Midnight Guardians pack would be fantastic. We can collaborate in the trading, military, and pretty much everything. Also, when your guys go to search for mates, they can come to the Dark Howlers pack with the portal and start from there."
　　Damon saw this as much more than just connecting two packs. 
　　If they could have more portals, alliances would be strengthened with other packs, and they could quickly react when facing an emergency. But it also provided a liability in case their enemies use the portal. What if humans find out about them? There were many things to consider, but as long as they act with caution, it should be fine.
　　---
　　You can see in the comments the inspiration for the necklace Valerian left behind.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 652 Ideas for investigating phenomena
Chapter 652 Ideas for investigating phenomena
　　When Yasmin, Cornelia, Axel, and James entered the study, they found Talia and Damon talking in a good mood.
　　"Are we interrupting?", Yasmin asked.
　　"No, no", Talia said while waving at the newcomers to come in. "We were just discussing ideas to present to Evanora once we go to the Silver Flame Coven." There was the whole plan brewing about connecting two packs, but Talia didn't want to announce it, knowing that it might spark a debate for hours.
　　Talia observed Axel who was hovering around Yasmin. He was putting pillows behind her back and offering her beverages and snacks, and Talia felt sorry for him.
　　Talia knew that Axel had a happy childhood, and she could see the disappointment in his eyes when he looked at his parents. She thought how it was sad that they exposed their ugly faces. Instead of being a happy family, they were drifting away. Wasn't all that Talia's fault? If not for her, Axel would still think highly of his parents, and the three of them would be hovering around Yasmin who is carrying the next generation of Moonriders.
　　"Hey…", Damon called in a low voice, his breath splashing on Talia's ear. "What's going on?" He sensed that her good mood was dwindling by the second.
　　"I was just thinking how things changed because of us."
　　Damon had a good guess that Talia was talking about Sophia and Isaac. "We didn't force any of it, kitten. Those things happened in the past, they did it on their own, and we just exposed them."
　　Talia knew he was right, but it didn't prevent the feeling of being unwanted from swelling within her. Even after knowing that she was Valerian's daughter, Sophia and Isaac didn't show any desire to accept her as family. Was that too much to ask?
　　Talia glanced at the necklace in her hand. She already had Damon who made her feel at home. Why did she crave for her family to accept her? The experience of being a carefree child under the protection of grownups was forever gone, and the most she could do was to have a family of her own, a family she won't abandon no matter what.
　　'When my heat strikes, I want you to impregnate me.'
　　Damon jolted when Talia's words sounded in his mind, and he looked at her first with confusion, and then a sly smile appeared on his face as his pants in the crotch area tightened. Oh, boy! She wanted to carry his pups!
　　'I am ready, kitten.' He was born ready!
　　Talia giggled at his eager expression.
　　…
　　Axel and Yasmin initiated the discussion about the phenomenon at the bottom of the lake.
　　"What do you think?", Yasmin asked Cornelia.
　　Cornelia shrugged. "It sounds like there is a disturbance in energies that's maintained artificially. Unless we go down to investigate, we can't be sure what it is."
　　Damon remembered that Axel suggested to Talia to dive down there, and he didn't like it. "Is there a way to investigate without going down?"
　　"We have instruments in the Coven that could help us gather data without getting too close to the source.", Cornelia said.
　　"How far away can one be for that instrument to work?", Damon asked.
　　Cornelia thought for a moment before responding, "Ten to fifteen meters."
　　Damon waved his hand dismissively. "Not enough."
　　"That's the best we have.", Cornelia said. "We have potions and chants that can reduce the effect of the magic, so it will minimize the effects."
　　Yasmin continued, "However, if that's a portal, the only way to know where it connects to, is to go through it."
　　"You can send a drone.", James said, making everyone look at him. "That's what humans do. Their bodies are fragile, so they use technology to investigate risky areas. A drone can get close to whatever is down there, and you will get your data."
　　"What is a drone, and how do we get it?" Cornelia asked, genuinely curious.
　　"It's a robot that can do some tasks, and you can get it online," James responded like it was a totally normal thing, and when he saw that he got Cornelia's full attention, he puffed his chest. "I will get you one."
　　"Great!" Yasmin exclaimed. "Now that the energies at the bottom of the lake are waiting for the drone let's look at the portals…"
　　Axel placed on the table a map that showed the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack with portals marked on it.
　　"We should investigate the state of each portal and also sweep our territory to check for any disturbances in energies.", Axel said and pointed at the map. "These are only known portals. Just as we have this portal-looking thing in the lake, there might be others. Yasmin can sense these energies." And it was not just Yasmin, but all witches.
　　Talia disagreed. "Are you suggesting that Yasmin should go through the territory in order to sense fluctuations in the energies?" It sounded like a huge task. Did Axel forget that Yasmin was pregnant? Talia could help because she had the ability to sense surroundings, but even that had limitations, and it could produce false positives while she might miss something important.
　　Yasmin didn't think about the difficulty of the task. She was happy that finally there was something only she could do. It made her feel useful.
　　Yasmin glanced at Cornelia. "Cornelia can join me."
　　"No." It was James who protested. "Do you really think the two of you walking around is the solution? Unless you sweep everything thoroughly, it will be useless; and if you take it seriously, it will last for years. Are you willing to spend so much time on this?"
　　"How else are we going to check if another anomaly exists?" Axel asked. "The thing in the lake might be on the verge of exploding and causing damage. Or what if it's a portal that someone else opened? What if there are more of those? Our full attention is now on two portals, and if enemies come from any other direction, we will be like sitting ducks."
　　James didn't share Axel's concern. "Instead of allowing yourself to be sitting ducks, why don't you organize patrols like every other pack?"
　　Axel realized that James had a point. But that required trained warriors, and they didn't have many. A few years back, Tyler suggested video surveillance, but the roaming animals triggered alarms so many times that they shut them down.
　　"Damon will help organize our warriors and train more.", Talia said.
　　Axel was grateful, but… "That will take time, and we have no idea if someone is activating portals and sneaking in without our knowledge. I think that Yasmin and Cornelia should check the nearby area and known portals."
　　James didn't care how they will do it, but Cornelia shouldn't be involved. Cornelia was supposed to stick to James and not spend her days hiking through who-knows-where.
　　Why don't they bother other witches with it? This thought gave James an idea. "Aren't we going to the Silver Flame Coven? Ask the high priestess to lend you a number of witches. They should feel safe here, considering that one of them is the Luna of the Midnight Guardians pack. It will be their chance to see this realm and practice sensing energies. As a bonus, they might find their mates."
　　Yasmin clapped excitedly. The idea that more of her sisters will join her sounded fantastic.
　　Talia nodded in approval. In addition to sensing energies, witches can also work on building a portal that will connect them to the Dark Howlers pack. It all added up.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 653 Doubting everyone except one
Chapter 653 Doubting everyone except one
　　Damon and Talia spent most of the day in meetings where their discussion about portals and asking witches for help expanded into talk about current issues. Keith, Liam, Meg, and Kai joined them in the study to exchange ideas about training warriors.
　　It was later in the afternoon when one of Oracle's helpers came to ask about the ceremony that they were all reminded about the feast and the pack run, so they dispersed to get ready.  
　　Talia was sitting in front of a massive dressing table and looking into the mirror to see her reflection with Damon standing behind her while tending to her hair with an intense focus like it was the most important thing in the world.
　　Damon and Talia were taking their time, and not rushing the therapeutic experience.
　　Talia loved the small smile at the corner of Damon's lips that was there whenever he combed her hair. It was a ritual they did in silence.
　　She enjoyed the soft tugs on her scalp as the comb ran through her hair, and Damon was lost in the memories of when he was doing the same for his mother.
　　Talia lowered her gaze to look at the necklace in her hand, the only thing she had from her parents. She didn't let go of it since Axel had given it to her earlier that day.
　　"Kitten", Damon called. "What's wrong?"
　　Talia looked up to meet Damon's eyes in the mirror, feeling silly that she forgot he could sense her emotions unless she shuts them down willingly.
　　She didn't want to keep things from him, but there was no point in talking about the lost childhood that was never hers to have. And there was no point in telling Damon how jealous she was because he had memories of his parents, and the only thing she remembered before he entered her life was loneliness... but it was not his fault.
　　Talia decided to address another thing that was on her mind.  
　　"I feel that we are missing something important."
　　"Tell me about it.", Damon demanded.
　　"I think that Sophia and Isaac are too docile.", Talia said. "They are prideful people who wouldn't hold back on doing one horrible thing to hide another. I remember them stubbornly fighting even after I took away their abilities, yet today they were cooperating."
　　"Maybe being locked up for a long time made them reconsider their life choices. It was just a few days for you, but for them, it was months.", Damon reminded her.
　　Talia didn't think that was the case. They were hiding the fact that they gave Talia away, and based on what Axel said, Sophia didn't talk about Valerian like he never existed. Was it really because such a long time passed (centuries for them), or because she was still actively trying to conceal her misdeeds? Besides, "The truth serum will loosen up their tongue, but it won't change their personality."
　　"Do you think they lied?"
　　"Not lied, but there is a possibility of them telling us one truth to hide another. If we didn't ask them the right questions, it would be easy for them to work around exposing what they wanted to hide." Talia's brows came together. "Isaac immediately figured out that we used the truth serum, and I was surprised how calmly they took it."
　　Damon agreed with this. "It's almost like they expected it to happen. Do you think that Axel gave them a heads-up?"
　　"I don't think so.", Talia said, but she didn't sound convincing even to herself. "I really want to believe Axel is on our side." But… Talia remembered how Axel immediately asked about them giving away Talia, even though she told him that she didn't want to talk about it. What if he warned them that this would happen, and they prepared their answers in advance? What if Axel didn't give Sophia and Isaac the truth serum at all, but it was all an elaborate play to deceive Talia and Damon?
　　Now Talia was questioning everything. 
　　Was the necklace in her hand from her father? Sophia said that Valerian left a necklace, but even if that was true, Talia didn't know if she was holding the real one.
　　Damon released a long breath and squatted in front of Talia so they were on the same level. "Things are not always black or white, kitten. I can see that Axel respects you, and he is sorry for how his parents treated you. But that doesn't mean he doesn't have loyalty toward them. The fact that they are not in a dungeon proves that he didn't turn his back on them, no matter what their crimes are."
　　Talia realized that Damon was right. She didn't want to harm Sophia and Isaac in order not to alienate Axel, so she left them to Axel. Talia was not expecting him to chain his parents and serve flogging instead of meals, but their current lifestyle was definitely not something a person who committed crimes against the Alpha should have.
　　Talia was mentally rewinding their talk from that morning. How much did Sophia and Isaac hide during their talk?
　　Talia was heavily distracted by the necklace she was holding onto, and she didn't really pay attention to what Sophia and Isaac were saying when they were talking about portals and the Guardians. Actually, it was not about what they were saying; it was about what they were NOT saying. Maybe they were obviously lying, but Talia missed it completely.
　　What was the point in talking to Sophia and Isaac if she couldn't trust Axel? How many people were deceiving her? How can she verify loyalty? Were her choices to trust people blindly or not to trust anyone?
　　She looked helplessly at Damon, the only person she believed in. He chose not to trust anyone in order to preserve himself, and Talia was not sure if she could do the same. She craved company and acceptance too much.
　　"Now what?", Talia asked.
　　"I'm sure you don't want to rush things. Let's observe. Meg and Sandy are here, and you trust them, right?"
　　Talia nodded, and Damon continued, "We will add a few more of our people here, and they will have a task to see what's going on when we are not around. Considering your role, it won't be suspicious. It will confirm if Sophia and Isaac are up to something and to what extent Axel is involved with them."
　　"Do you have trustworthy people?", Talia asked.
　　"I have reliable ones.", Damon responded. "Other than you, I don't trust anyone completely. However, if we put several unrelated people to accomplish a task from different angles, and if their stories match, we can trust them to a certain degree."
　　Talia admired this strategy. Damon was the Alpha of the largest pack in North America for a reason.
　　Damon tapped Talia's nose with his index finger. "Better?"
　　She smiled. "Better."
　　"Good.", Damon said with relief obvious in his voice. "Don't stress about things that happened; instead, focus on learning from them. Even if we redo the morning, would you do anything differently? Unless you can crack her head open to see what's inside, it will be the same."
　　"Actually…", Talia drawled. "Liseli told me that I can force my way into Sophia's head and see her memories. As long as I know what I'm looking for, I can see it."
　　Damon's eyebrow rose in slow motion. "That sounds risky." And a handy skill to have.
　　"It's risky only for the other party.", Talia assured him. "If I poke around her mind too much, she might turn into an idiot."
　　Damon shook his head. "That's not what I meant. Who knows what Sophia did while clutching onto her Alpha position? She was the second-best, and so was Isaac. Those people tend to cross the line in order to prove they deserve to be at the top. I fear you will see things that will scar you."
　　"That only makes me want more to look into her mind."
　　Damon was genuinely worried. If it were him, he would go in there and wreak havoc, but Talia was a gentle soul, and if she really saw some despicable things, she wouldn't be able to shake it off. He knew her that much.
　　"Sophia and Isaac already did a lot of damage. Let's not allow them to do more. For now, we watch. OK?"
　　Talia nodded obediently.
　　Desperate to change the topic, Damon asked, "Do you want me to help you put it on?"
　　Talia needed a moment to realize he was talking about the necklace she was holding onto.
　　"Yes, please."
　　She gave him the necklace and collected her hair on the right side to expose her neck.
　　Talia's lips lifted into a smile when their eyes met in the mirror.
　　Damon was standing behind Talia, about to put a necklace on her, and he looked so handsome that she wished to take a photo so she can look at him forever, just like that, doing simple things.
　　The pearl cooled Talia's flesh between her collarbones, and she felt the chain touching her neck.
　　Talia was hyper-aware of Damon behind her and the clasp he was working on, and then she heard a soft click as the chain connected, and the bright light blinded her.
　　"TALIA!"
　　She heard Damon's panicked  voice from a distance like he was many miles away.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 654 The magical necklace (1)
Chapter 654 The magical necklace (1)
　　Talia heard Damon calling for her, his voice getting lost in the distance, and she wanted to respond, but she found herself paralyzed, unable to make a sound.
　　What the hell happened?
　　She felt weightless, without the ability to sense anything other than the coolness on her chest caused by the pendant that was resting there.
　　"There are no signs of trackers… What are you doing?", an unknown male voice was heard.
　　Talia tried to figure out where the voice was coming from, but she couldn't move or feel her body parts. As much as her sight covered, everything was white without a single ripple in space. Was the man talking to her?
　　"I recorded a message for Natalia.", a female voice responded.
　　Talia was alerted. Was the woman talking about her?
　　"Is it still recording?", the male spoke again.
　　"It will stop in a second. Take this with you and make sure Natalia gets it. Once she is of age, the message will play. It is for her ears only."
　　"Why does it sound like you are saying goodbye?", the male voice was cracking with concern.
　　"Not goodbye, Ian.", the female said softly. "Didn't you tell me about different passing of time? By the time we come to get her, she might be a big girl. I don't want her to think that we left her with relatives so that we can enjoy our honeymoon. I would never leave my angel if not for our current situation…"
　　Talia could hear the grief in the female's voice and her heart cracked.
　　The silence stretched, disturbed by indistinct rustling, and Talia tried to make sense of what she just heard.
　　The female mentioned a message for Natalia. Was that her? 
　　The female addressed the male as Ian. Could that be her father, Valerian? 
　　Didn't that mean the female voice belonged to Talia's mother? 
　　Was it possible that these were the last moments Valerian spent with his mate before taking Natalia to the Midnight Guardians pack?
　　Before Talia could figure out more, she heard the male voice again.
　　"Look at her sleeping peacefully, unaware of the mess out there."
　　"Let's hope it stays like that.", the female said.
　　"I can't leave you behind."
　　"You must. Trackers didn't find us yet, but they know someone is in the area. You saw what was left of my home. They are vicious, and they won't stop until they get what they want."
　　"But they want you.", the male said.
　　"We talked about this. If both of us leave, they will follow us. In our state, we can't move quickly, and they will catch up in no time. Don't worry about me. I am not an easy target. I need you to take our precious one to safety and come back to get me. The two of us can't fight while protecting Natalia and if they get a whiff of her existence, they will want to get their hands on her also. They prefer children because they can be indoctrinated."
　　"But…"
　　"There is no time, Ian.", the female interrupted him. "You must hurry."
　　The man said something, but the words were fading in the white void and no matter how much Talia craved to hear more, there was nothing.
　　...
　　The white light shimmered into shapes, and Talia saw herself back in the master suite in the main house of the Midnight Guardians pack. She was lying on the sofa.
　　It took her a moment to remember that she was in front of the dresser with Damon combing her hair and then he put a necklace on her and… Talia's vision was blurred from the tears that pooled there. Why was she crying? Was it because she got another glimpse of her parents? Her heart ached to the point of madness. No, this was madness. Why was she so desperate and angry?
　　Talia blinked to see two blobs moving. With every passing heartbeat, those two blobs started getting features and became two heads with eyes, nose, mouth, and everything a head should have.
　　"Alpha…", one of them called with a quivering voice. "Can you hear me? Are you in pain?"
　　"You bitch! If you don't tell me what you did, I will rip your head off!", Damon's ferocious growl filled the room.
　　"Talia is awake!", Axel shouted desperately, knowing that Damon was not kidding.
　　Talia turned to see the scene where Yasmin was hiding behind Axel. Keith and Liam were keeping an eye on the healers with fierce expressions like they will end their lives if the poor healers make a wrong move. Isaac was sprawled on the floor with his face bloodied and his arms and legs bent at an unusual angle.  In the middle of the room, Damon was holding Sophia by her neck, her legs dangling above the floor. Meg and Kai were kneeling on the floor, both drenched in sweat and unable to move under Damon's pressure.
　　It was a mess.
　　Damon's head whipped to meet Talia's eyes, and he released Sophia who plopped on the floor like a ragdoll.
　　Damon pushed the healers to the side and got on his knees next to the sofa.
　　"Kitten. Kitten." He was touching her face with the tips of his fingers like he wanted to make sure that was her, and then he pulled her into his embrace.
　　Talia groaned because he squeezed the air out of her lungs.
　　She was still coming out of her daze from hearing two voices in the white void, and then she saw the mess in their suite, and now Damon was crushing her against him like he wanted them to become one.
　　"What happened?", Talia asked.
　　"Oh, kitten…", Damon's voice was shaky. "I thought I lost you."
　　When Damon put the necklace on Talia, she lost consciousness. Damon didn't connect Talia's condition with the necklace right away because Talia was holding onto it most of the day, so Damon assumed that it was a spell or some potion that had a delayed effect. 
　　Of course, the first suspects were Sophia and Isaac, and then Axel. 
　　Sapa was anxious as well because the mate bond was weak, so Damon sent Keith and Liam to get Axel and his parents. When they saw that Talia was unconscious, Axel called for healers, Meg, and Kai, and when Damon saw Sophia and Isaac, he gave in to his rage, ready to destroy everything and everyone until he got answers and Talia back.
　　They were all relieved that this ended without any lives lost.
　　Axel checked on Yasmin, and he didn't dare check on others, fearing that Damon might explode into a rage again. Axel was glad that Talia was back, and not a moment too soon. If she stayed unconscious any longer, Damon would probably demolish the whole pack.
　　Axel gestured to healers to take care of Sophia and Isaac.
　　Seeing Talia's questioning gaze directed at him over Damon's shoulder, Axel explained what happened.
　　"Damon called us here about an hour ago.", Axel focused on keeping his voice steady and not showing how shaken up he was. He never felt such a strong Alpha aura. Axel has a strong physique and he suspected that some of his bones were cracked. Damon was a beast! "When we came here, Damon started asking questions about the food you ate and if anyone drugged you and when Sophia and Isaac came, he lost it and… well… you see."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 655 The magical necklace (2)
Chapter 655 The magical necklace (2)
　　"I thought they did something", Damon spoke into Talia's hair, the cracking voice reflected his unstable emotions. "Your body was here, but you weren't. I couldn't reach you. I couldn't reach you."
　　Talia hugged him with all her might. "I'm here. I'm back.", she assured him.
　　Talia was holding onto Damon, so she could feel his whole body shaking. Talia was not sure how to calm him down, so she stayed like that and patted his back.
　　'Liseli?', Talia called.
　　'I'm here.'
　　'What happened?'
　　'The necklace's power got activated when you put it on. It enveloped your consciousness, making you feel like you were somewhere else.'
　　'Can we make it happen again?', Talia asked. She wanted to replay what she heard and confirm she didn't miss anything. And there was also the point of a recorded message. What if there was more?
　　'I'm not sure.', Liseli responded. She could hear Talia's thoughts, so she had a good idea of what happened while Talia was in the white void. 'It reminds me of how we share mental images, but I never heard of such a thing being done with an .'
　　Talia thought of asking witches about it. She wanted to ask Yasmin, but the poor girl looked petrified, so Talia decided to keep it for later.
　　Talia's eyes moved to see Sophia glaring at her. 'What's her problem?'
　　Liseli snorted. 'She probably guessed that the necklace was not ordinary, but she couldn't make it work. She is probably wondering what happened while you were unconscious, and she is jealous that she didn't get to experience it.'
　　"Where were you?"
　　Damon's voice pulled Talia from her conversation with Liseli.
　　Seeing that Sophia's attention was on her, Talia responded to Damon through their private mind-link.
　　'I'm not sure. I thought that only a few seconds passed, no more than a minute. Everything was white, and I heard voices. I believe I heard my parents talking.'
　　Damon inched away to see Talia's expression. 'What did they say?'
　　Talia was pleased that he didn't question what she believed was true. She touched the necklace. 'My mother recorded a message here. I didn't hear the message, but I heard her say how the message will play when I'm of age.'
　　'You are of age.', Damon stated the fact. But maybe that meant something else for Talia's parents.
　　'There must be some condition I am yet to fulfill. I need to figure out how to activate it.', Talia said. There was a chance that her mother mixed up the recording, and what Talia experienced WAS the message, but Talia hoped there will be more. If there could be clues where the message was recorded, Talia would definitely go there with the hope to find out what happened to her parents. Her mother was there, and her father said that he will go back to her.
　　Damon frowned at the necklace. The thought of this happening to Talia again was extremely unsettling. He couldn't reach her through the mind-link, and only faint traces of their mate bond were there. It was like he lost her all over again, knowing that she was somewhere, out of his reach, and he had no idea if she was safe or how to get to her.
　　"Take that off.", Damon said sternly while looking at the necklace.
　　"No. It's fine.", Talia said and continued through the mind-link. 'My mother left me a message. It must be important.' Even if it was just her mother telling her that she loves her, it was important.
　　'It's all I have, Damon. I can't let it go.'
　　Damon's fighting spirit dwindled in front of Talia's pleading expression, and he gave up on asking her to remove the necklace. 
　　His face was back in her hair as he tightened his hold on her and took deep breaths. He needed her proximity to calm down.  
　　Talia patted his back gently and she remembered an important detail. "Are we late for the feast?"
　　"Officially, you are a few minutes late. But people are waiting for much longer.", Axel responded. At the scene of Damon rampaging and threatening to kill them all, Axel completely forgot about the feast. He gestured toward Sophia and Isaac who were on the floor. "I will stay here until healers are done with treatment."
　　"Alpha Isaac needs to go to medical quarters.", one of the healers said.
　　Damon whipped his head toward the guy who paled when he saw Damon's murderous glare. What did he do?
　　"It's ex-Alpha Isaac or just Isaac.", Damon said in an ominously low voice. He looked at Axel. "I want you to announce that they lost their positions a long time ago and if anyone addresses Isaac or Sophia as Alphas, it will be considered treason against the new order. Be strict because people will see these small things as a sign of weakness. Even if you don't care about it, do it for Talia."
　　Axel didn't dare to . He saw Damon serious, joking, relaxed, focused, and this was the first time to see Damon furious. Axel had no doubts that if Talia didn't wake up in time, he would be next in line to get a beating… or worse.
　　Sophia was rubbing her aching neck that had Damon's palmprint on it, and she pushed the healer away from her.
　　"Look at my mate! He is barely holding! You hurt us for no reason!" Sophia's voice was hoarse as she glared daggers at Damon.
　　"That makes us almost even.", Damon responded icily.
　　He knew she was exaggerating. Was Isaac in pain? Absolutely. However, as a werewolf, Isaac will heal in a few days (OK, maybe weeks). Even if he was human, those injuries wouldn't be life-threatening.
　　What they did to him could have crippled him forever. If Damon wanted to make it even, he should give them a few more rounds of beating... after they recuperate.
　　Axel relaxed when he confirmed that Damon didn't attack Sophia for her outburst, but he didn't know if Damon's temper will flare again, so Axel waved at the healers to take Sophia and Isaac away. Kai and Meg helped.
　　"We will join the feast once I make sure someone is keeping an eye on them.", Axel said while walking out with Yasmin.
　　Keith and Liam also made themselves scarce, leaving Talia and Damon in the suite.
　　"I heard my parents.", Talia said.
　　"And I nearly lost my mind when I thought I lost you."
　　Talia could feel the weight of his emotions, and she felt guilty for being happy when he suffered. "I'm sorry. I didn't know this will happen."
　　Damon shook his head. "So many things happened since we found each other, one might think I will be used to this rollercoaster ride."
　　Talia chuckled bitterly while pulling him into a hug and gripping his back firmly, his tension pouring into her and making her crave for an outlet. A run in their wolf form with some howling would help, but they didn't have time for it. 
　　However, they couldn't go to the feast like this either as their anxiety was tangible. 
　　On the other hand, people were already waiting for them, will they be bothered if they wait a bit longer?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 656 Their need for each other
Chapter 656 Their need for each other
　　Talia kissed Damon's jaw, and then she arranged kisses down his neck until she reached the spot where her mark was. She latched her lips there and licked him, and Damon groaned when she started sucking. It was such a sensitive spot.
　　"Kitten", Damon called breathily.
　　He was reminding her about the feast and people waiting for them but also pulling her closer and tugging on her blouse and skirt, and she knew that he didn't care about anyone other than her. Actually, that was why he still had clothes on, because this feast was for her as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Her people waited for her, and that was why he was suppressing his urge to pin her down on that sofa and make love to her until they both collapse as a heap of flesh and bodily fluids.
　　"I need to feel you, Damon", Talia said while untucking his shirt. "I know there is a feast and people waiting. If we go like this, people will notice the tension, and who knows what they will think? We can make this quick. You are the only one who can make me feel better…"
　　Damon pushed Talia's skirt up until it bunched around her waist, and his eyes flashed at the sight of a delicate black fabric that covered her precious parts. He didn't understand why she was persistent in wearing underwear. He tore hundreds of them already, and this one will end the same. His fingers hooked around the edge of her panties, and with one swift tug, he flung those taters to the floor.
　　Talia dug her nails into his shoulders. The impatience with which he tore her panties always turned her on.
　　Damon's nostrils flared at the scent of Talia's arousal, and he didn't need to touch her down there to know that she was dripping wet. For him. Only for him.
　　He grabbed her thighs and pulled her to sit on the edge of the sofa. With him on his knees between her legs, they were perfectly aligned.
　　It took him less than a second to undo the buckle and push his pants down. The absence of underwear saved him another second before he could dwell into her hot wetness that gripped him perfectly.
　　Talia's moan mixed with his groan when he entered her in one rough thrust, and they didn't waste time on foreplay and being gentle as both chased their release in vigorous movements that robbed them of their breaths.
　　Talia fisted his raven black hair while kissing him sloppily with an open mouth all over his face.
　　Damon was pounding himself inside her, every thrust releasing a bit of his anxiousness that was being replaced by another type of pressure; one that overflowed his mind with Talia and the desire to never separate, the one that can only be compared with Heaven, because if there was such a thing as Heaven, Damon was confident that it included him being inside Talia, his mate.
　　Talia's hand gripped his hair and yanked his head back, exposing his neck completely. Damon would never expose his neck to anyone, but Talia was the exception. He was at her mercy, and he was fine with whatever she wanted to do to him.  
　　Talia's lips latched onto her mark at the base of his neck, shaking his insides and making his cock lurch in the rhythm of her tongue. Seductress!
　　"Mmm... ahh... ohh..." Lewd sounds formed in Damon's throat and freely escaped his open mouth as his jaw was slack open.
　　Any sounds that Damon made during pleasures of the flesh were normally groans or growls, but when Talia worked on his mark, the cataclysmic shakes made him moan like a maiden who was being touched for the first time. Everything with Talia was like the first time.
　　'Mine! You are mine!', Talia's voice sounded in Damon's mind, and his heart swelled from the love and adoration he felt for her. She was claiming him as hers while pulling him closer, her heels dug into his firm ass, urging him to move faster and go deeper, and he was delighted to answer her every need and want. He was made for this.
　　They held onto each other tightly, and the sparks of their bond confirmed they were right there, together, merged into one. How it should be.
　　If any of them had a wish, it would be that they could always stay together. Just like that.
　　Talia's insides coiled around his cock, and Damon groaned as he continued rocking into her while blissful heat traveled through his shaft to deliver an ample amount of his seed into Talia's depths. Soon, she will go into heat, and then his seed will impregnate her. He was looking forward to it.
　　He thought it was done, just a few more thrusts to make sure he was empty, and then…
　　"UGGGH!" Damon groaned when he felt a sharp pain in his neck that radiated to amplify his pleasure.
　　Throbbing heat burned him alive and changed him with every heartbeat, and he knew: his kitten marked him again.
　　His arms tightened around Talia as he sat on his knees without pulling out. Talia was on his thighs now, and both of their hips moved in small jerky movements as she was injecting him with her venom that changed him in ways he couldn't describe. It was like Talia became part of his every cell, his heart beat in the rhythm of her name: Natalia. It was a name he heard as hers only today, yet he knew that it belonged to his kitten. It suited her.
　　Everything they heard matched her identity.
　　Her father was Valerian Moonrider, a powerful werewolf Alpha, the heir of the Midnight Guardians pack. Her mother was a mystery, but they were confident that she was not a pushover. Talia told him what she heard in the white void, so he knew that Talia's mother stayed to fight, and she had the ability to transform a necklace into a recording device. She was definitely not a simple person.
　　It was a sad story to hear because her parents were probably dead, and Talia had a tough time growing up because her aunt was selfish. But the good thing was that Talia's parents loved her, and she finally got an identity. She was not a nobody from the attic anymore. She was Natalia Moonrider, the rightful heir of the Midnight Guardians pack, and her coming here and becoming the Alpha was just a strange twist of faith for Talia to take what was always hers.
　　Damon hoped that all this will have a positive effect on Talia's confidence. She was amazing, but her low self-esteem caused Talia to undersell herself and succumb to doubts.
　　Damon continued rocking into Talia because, more than her identity and powers, he was addicted to her scent and her touch which came with those addictive sparks. No matter how awesome she was, Damon loved the most that she was his mate, his other half, and he wouldn't want it any other way.
　　"Ahhh…", Damon exhaled loudly when Talia licked his neck to help him heal. She was doing it so diligently, releasing soft groans that spoke of possessiveness, and Damon couldn't let her take all the credit.
　　'RIIIP!'
　　Damon tore her shirt and removed his in one swift tug, both of them enjoying this additional skin contact as her breasts pressed against his chest.
　　Damon's head dipped to kiss his mark on her neck, and the shaky moan that escaped her lips spurred his urge to take her again.
　　Talia yelped when he flipped her, and she ended up on her knees, with her upper body resting on the coffee table. The cold surface pinched her heated skin, and she gripped the edge of the table because she knew what was coming when Damon's chest pressed on her back.
　　Damon spread her legs and positioned himself behind her.
　　"That's it, kitten", he praised her when she perked up her ass to give him easier access.
　　She was full of his seed which provided additional lubrication that didn't diminish the sparks which ignited her insides as he rammed himself into her from behind.
　　"Harder, Damon", Talia demanded. She wanted him to plunder her insides until she could feel him for hours after they were done.
　　Damon straightened his posture, and she felt the loss of his heat on her back. She wondered what he was up to when...
　　'SLAP!'
　　A sharp sting radiated from her right butt cheek, and she moaned while her back arched in pleasure.
　　"Again."
　　Damon grinned and spanked her again.
　　There was the feast and people were waiting, but both Damon and Talia needed this break where they would get lost in each other and not care about anything else.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 657 The feast at the MG pack (1)
Chapter 657 The feast at the MG pack (1)
　　Damon and Talia joined the feast to find a lot of people gathered behind the main house.
　　One long table was set up on the terrace to be higher than any other. There were two empty seats in the middle, obviously for Talia and Damon. 
　　Axel, Yasmin, Meg, Kai, James, Cornelia, Keith, and Liam were sitting at the same table with a number of older-looking people that Talia identified as Elders of the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　In the garden below the terrace, Talia saw hundreds of heads looking at her. Those were members of the Midnight Guardians pack, seated at the tables that were arranged in lines giving it an appearance of a massive picnic, but in the evening and with no children present.
　　'Right, children…', Talia thought and glanced at Yasmin's still flat belly. The Midnight Guardians pack didn't have children in about two decades (when measured by the time of the human realm, and that was much longer for people here). Axel said that the long infertility was the punishment from the Moon Goddess because Sophia and Isaac didn't take care of Talia. 
　　Axel believed that there will be more pregnancies and that the pack will be revived now that Talia was back.
　　Talia didn't dare to think of such things. Other than her girlfriends believing that she had an ability to bring mates together (aka Malia), now Axel was saying how Talia could bring babies. Did he think of her as a stork or some love-fertility deity? She shook those thoughts away as she felt numerous eyes trained on her.
　　"Thank you for your patience.", Talia's voice was not loud, but everyone could hear her. "I apologize for the delay. Alpha Damon and I had some urgent matters to handle."
　　Talia hoped they will believe her because she couldn't erase the goofy smile from her face, and Damon refused to loosen his grip on her hip that would allow a fraction of space between them.
　　"I know you are waiting for a while, and you are probably hungry. Let's start with food and any formalities will be postponed for before the pack run.", Talia said and people cheered as Omegas spilled between the tables, each carrying heaping plates that smelled of roasted and grilled meat that the pack members captured earlier that day. There was plenty for everyone.
　　Damon held a chair for Talia to sit on next to Meg, and she glanced over all faces at the table while lowering herself, taking a mental note of the story faces of Elders and their questioning gazes. Did they know that Damon beat up their ex-Alphas? That was a possibility. Talia wanted to explain how he did it only because he feared she was in danger and Sophia and Isaac did it, but she kept that to herself because she was the Alpha, and Alphas don't explain their actions as that can be seen as a sign of weakness.
　　Damon told her more than once that there is a difference between private and public, as well as between friends and everyone else. In this setting, she needed to show that she was above others because only like that people will have faith they are following the right person, the strongest one, the Alpha. And that was Talia. It was complicated.
　　Talia noticed four empty chairs at the long table. Those were for Sophia, Isaac, Tyler, and Sandy.
　　Tyler and Sandy said that they will join for the feast, but it seemed they got caught up in something else and that something must be carnal pleasures as they were enjoying their fresh mate bond. 
　　Meg told Talia that healers checked on Sandy earlier that day and that Sandy's powers were awakening as expected. As soon as the healers confirmed that everything was fine, Tyler kicked them out of his room, and Talia could only imagine for what reason. Privacy.
　　Talia looked at Axel who was feeding Yasmin already. She wondered if they were able to enjoy this feast, or if the events in the main suite spoiled their mood. Talia didn't know what all happened while she was unconscious, but she remembered the unpleasant scene when she came around. It didn't seem right to act as if nothing had happened.
　　'How are your parents?' Talia's voice sounded in Axel's head through their pack mind-link.
　　'Mom has a hurt pride, and dad will be fine in about one week.'
　　Talia was glad that he didn't brush it off by saying how things were fine. She swallowed the apology that was bubbling to burst out of her. They were werewolves, who are rowdy in general, so even if this was the first time for Sophia and Isaac to get a beating in their own home, it shouldn't be the first time they had injuries.
　　'If I knew that the necklace will cause me to pass out for an hour, I would pick a better timing. Or at least tell Damon not to worry.', Talia explained.
　　Axel glanced at Talia. 'Are you OK? Did the necklace harm you?'
　　'No, no. It had a message from my mother.', Talia said. 'The side-effect was that I needed to be unconscious in order to hear it.' She added this last part because it didn't sound right to admit that the necklace knocked her out.
　　Axel's eyebrows shot up. 'Your mother? What did the message say?'
　　Talia paused to open her mouth because there was a forkful of grilled rabbit meat coming her way. She smiled at Damon while chewing. It was sweet and tender and cooked just right. Damon always made sure she got the best pieces, and he paced the feeding just right so that her mouth didn't go empty.
　　Talia touched the necklace, and then she responded to Axel's question. 
　　'What I heard was more like a preview that confirmed there is a message only I could unlock when the time is right. But I didn't hear what those conditions are, so I will wear it and hope to trigger it accidentally.' She turned to look at Axel. 'Did Sophia ever talk about this necklace?'
　　'No.', Axel responded with finality. Sophia got that necklace from her jewelry box, where numerous other necklaces and bracelets were arranged above rings and below earrings. It didn't have any prominent position or anything special about it. 'I believe that my mother held it as something her brother left behind, a memento of some sort. And before you ask, I never heard of the ability to record messages into metal or precious stones, but your father found his mate, which means that both of them got an ability. Anything was possible.'
　　'Thank you, Axel.' Talia really meant it. 'I am aware that your position is not the best one.' 
　　Talia knew the feeling of wanting to do anything for her parents, and she couldn't imagine how hard it was for Axel to help her if it meant going against Sophia and Isaac. In addition to that, he was raised to believe that he will be the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, but now it was Talia's. Was it possible that he was not bitter about it? She couldn't do anything about the Alpha position, but she could ease his life when it came to dealing with his parents.
　　'As long as you ensure that Sophia and Isaac stick to their retirement and not cause trouble, I will stay away from them.'
　　'You don't need to do that.', Axel said.
　　'I don't want to put you in a position where you need to choose between us, Axel. I can't accept what they did to me or to Damon, but they didn't harm you and you shouldn't hate them. I know they don't like Damon and me, but if they don't act against us, we won't touch them.'
　　'That is kind of you.'
　　'Don't speak to me like we are strangers, Axel. No matter who our parents are, I think of you as my brother.'
　　Axel's lips lifted into a smile. Even after everything that happened, Talia thought of him as her brother. He liked that.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 658 The feast at the MG pack (2)
Chapter 658 The feast at the MG pack (2)
　　The rising moon announced the end of the feast.
　　Talia noticed that people slowed down with food and were throwing glances her way.
　　'Kitten?' Damon's voice sounded in her mind through their private mind-link. 'Is something wrong?'
　　He could feel her anxiety rising, and he feared that the necklace was acting out again. Or what if remnants of the dark magic stirred?
　　'Nothing is wrong.', Talia responded.
　　'Then?', he persisted.
　　'Everyone is expecting me to speak before the pack run, and I'm not sure what to say.', Talia admitted.
　　'Are you worried that you won't be able to top the speech you gave when you became the Alpha?'
　　Talia blinked at Damon. How did he know about the speech? It took her a moment to remember that she had shared those memories with him.
　　'I'm not worried about making a better speech. I fear that I have nothing to say.', Talia admitted. 'At that time, I promised to find their mates. For them, months passed. When I tell them that no progress was made, they will be disappointed. How can I be a good Alpha if I don't deliver on promises made?'
　　Damon took a napkin and wiped the corners of Talia's lips that were glistening from the grease. He fed her well. Damon would lick that tasty mess away, but here she was the Alpha, and licking her face might be inappropriate.
　　'Nothing is finalized, but that doesn't mean there is no progress.', Damon said. 'Aren't we planning a mixer with several packs? We will visit witches and come up with rules that will work for everyone when moving between realms. You want to create a portal that will make it easy for them to come to the Dark Howlers pack without risking exposure, and it's not just the Dark Howlers pack because we opened borders to two other packs.'
　　'That won't reduce the possibility of them being hunted', Talia responded. 'It will take a long time to educate our people how individuals with abilities are not freaks.'
　　'That can come later.', Damon said smugly. 'Unmated pack members don't have any abilities, and unless they find their mate, they can pretend to be from the Dark Howlers pack, or from the Blue River pack, or from a small pack in North no one heard about. Like that, they will be able to move freely like any other werewolf. Isn't that what you promised them? For the ones who find their mates, until we figure out safety protocols, they will live in the Midnight Guardians pack, just as they did so far. We are not far from making it happen, kitten.'
　　Talia looked at Damon with sparkles in her eyes. He was right. She totally forgot how many things were in motion. There was a possibility that some of those won't come true (like opening the portal that will connect the Midnight Guardians pack with the Dark Howlers pack), but if they hit a wall, they will keep on trying until they find something that works.
　　The biggest challenges were to hide the location of the portal and to provide different identities to members who ventured to the human realm so that no one knew from where they came, and those were not difficult to accomplish. Talia was not sure how they will do it, but she was confident that with Damon's help, it will be done flawlessly because he was amazing like that.
　　Talia cupped Damon's cheeks and gave him a smacking kiss on the lips.
　　"Thank you, Damon. You are the best."
　　Damon chuckled. "I only reminded you how amazing you are, but I will take the compliment." Talia praising him will never get old.
　　Talia turned to Axel. "When will the ceremony start?" Now she knew what to say, and she was excited about the pack run. Liseli was stirring inside Talia, eager for some frolicking in the forest with Sapa.
　　"Whenever you want.", Axel responded. "Healers are ready. You only need to say the word, and we will start the ceremony, after which the pack run can start. Everyone is here."
　　"I see", Talia said while looking at people who were obviously eager to move on to the next part of tonight's program. But, was everyone present? "What about Sandy and Tyler?" Tyler mind-linked them how they would attend the feast, yet they didn't make an appearance.
　　Axel's eyes lost focus for a moment, and then he said, "They are coming."
　　"I'm sure they are.", Damon said under his breath, and he winced when Talia pinched his thigh under the table.
　　"Kitten", his hot breath splashed on her ear. "Do that again, and I will drag you inside, and people will be waiting for us to come."
　　Talia's eyes widened at his outrageous words, but even more outrageous was that it turned her on. What was wrong with her? But then she saw mental images of Damon pinning her against the wall just behind those doors that lead to the garden... her sitting on the sink in the powder room with Damon's head between her legs…
　　'Stop it!', she exclaimed to Damon through their private mind-link. This was NOT the time to get aroused.
　　Damon chuckled lowly when he picked up the scent of her arousal. He corrupted her in naughty ways, and he loved it.
　　Desperate to think about anything other than racy images of her and Damon, Talia cleared her throat and asked Axel, "Do you have special clothes for the ceremony and the pack run?" 
　　She remembered elaborate preparations at the Dark Howlers pack that included skimpy leather clothes, hairstyles, necklaces, and black markings on the bodies of warriors, and here no one mentioned anything.
　　Axel paused. Special clothes? "The run is in wolf form, so there is no need for clothes."
　　Damon craned his neck to see Axel around Talia. "But you are wearing something during the ceremony. Right?"
　　"Uhm… Not really. I mean, you can wear what you have on now, or just remove it. Naked is fine."
　　Yasmin nodded earnestly. "Remove obstructions so that nature can touch you. Tall, short, skinny, chubby, or anything in-between, there is no need to be ashamed of your body. This is about celebrating our connection with mother nature, and she loves us in every shape and form."
　　Talia remembered scarcely dressed witches, so she was not surprised to hear this from Yasmin. But how come Axel was fine with others looking at Yasmin's bare body?
　　'Do you think they will get naked in advance?' Talia asked Damon through their private mind-link.
　　'Regardless of what they will be doing, our clothes are staying on until we shift.', Damon said with finality before adding, 'If they start undressing, I want your eyes on me. Got it?'
　　Talia stifled a giggle. 'Do you think I want to look at my brothers' trouser snake?'
　　Damon's brows came together in obvious disapproval. 'He is not your brother. And you can look only at my snake.'
　　Talia wanted to tease him, but she held back because she knew it could backfire. Just like Damon didn't want Talia to look at naked men (Axel included), she didn't want him to look at naked women either.
　　With every next marking, their bond was getting stronger, and so was their possessiveness. Talia had no doubts that Damon would murder any guy who dared to get close to Talia naked, regardless of the blood relations.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 659 The new Gamma of the MG pack
Chapter 659 The new Gamma of the MG pack
　　Seeing that Damon's mood was worsening as he imagined who-knows-what about the upcoming ceremony and ample amount of bare flesh, Talia hugged Damon's arm and spoke through their mind-link, 'My snake.'
　　Damon didn't get it. 'What?'
　　His mind was churning with ideas related to murdering everyone who dared to look at Talia in ways they shouldn't, and about shielding her while she shifts into her wolf form so that no one can get a glimpse of her private parts, and he forgot the details of their conversation from a minute ago.
　　'You are mine, so everything yours is mine, and that anaconda is MY snake.' Talia ended with a glance at his crotch area.
　　Damon stared at Talia, and it took him a moment to understand the words which made him swell with pride. She said that his cock is anaconda, and those are huge. Damon approved. 'Yours, kitten. Every inch of me is yours.'
　　Talia was pleased that she got to pacify her handsome devil.
　　But naked people were a problem. How many females will undress, and he will get to see them? Talia was confident that Damon's heart was hers, but what about his eyes? 
　　She heard about Alphas who were sleeping around. What if Damon turns into one of them given enough stimulation?
　　Her insecurities swelled when she remembered the rumors about Damon preferring curvy mature women. She couldn't do anything about her age, and realistically speaking, Talia was not the prettiest nor the curviest. What if Damon ended up seeing a female body he liked better compared to Talia's? Should she send a message to the pack that undressing was not allowed until the end of the ceremony?
　　Talia's head moved when Damon pinched her chin, and then he gave her a kiss that robbed her of her breath. She groaned when he bit her lip, the sharp pain told her that drew blood, and that was exactly the wake-up call she needed to stay in the present instead of stressing about things that won't happen. 
　　Talia's arms moved around Damon's neck and she returned his kisses with equal fervor. She was not an insecure girl from the attic anymore. She was Alpha Natalia Moonrider, the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and her mate was Alpha Damon Blake, the handsome devil who kissed her like there was no tomorrow, and he was hers only.  
　　Talia was aware they had a huge audience, but she didn't care and she knew that Damon didn't care either. 
　　Their previous Alphas probably never gave such a public display of affection, but Talia wanted everyone to know that the bond between her and Damon was unbreakable. 
　　She opened up her emotions for Damon to feel all the love and possessiveness she had for him and he groaned into the kiss, gathering her against him firmly. 
　　This was about her and Damon and others could watch or look away, but no one, NO ONE had the right to interrupt them.
　　Damon broke the kiss and leaned his forehead on Talia's. They rested like that while inhaling each other's breaths and their matching smiles confirmed that neither of them was overthinking anymore. Damon and Talia were together, immersed in what was happening right then and there, and that was all it mattered.
　　Meg's and Kai's excited greetings got Talia's attention and she turned to see Tyler and Sandy emerging from the main house.
　　Other than big smiles on their faces, Talia also noticed that Sandy's eyes were flickering with silvery light, an obvious sign of the powers that were awakening in her.
　　The crowd in the garden also stirred at the sight of two newcomers. Everyone knew Tyler, and they already heard that he found his mate, so many were craning their necks to get a better view of the blonde by Tyler's side, their second Gamma.
　　"Sorry we are late.", Sandy said, mostly to Talia. "We wanted to come earlier, but…"
　　"It's fine.", Talia interrupted Sandy who would either tell the truth about how they were having sex or she would come up with an excuse no one would believe. 
　　"We are nearly done with food. Sit and eat something while you can. We can talk later.", Talia said.
　　"Thank you, Alpha", Tyler responded and ushered Sandy toward two empty chairs with haste.
　　Sandy greeted Keith and Liam while passing by and waved at others as she held onto Tyler. Her grin was an obvious sign that she was showing off her mate.  
　　Talia watched with amusement as usually quiet and composed Tyler was fussing around Sandy while piling food on her plate. The scene brought a big smile to Talia's face; she loved seeing the newly mated couple interact.
　　Sandy and Tyler were happy to be together, learning about each other, and Talia knew that feeling of being at home while soaking in unconditional acceptance. It was fantastic.
　　Talia leaned on Damon and observed as Axel was focused on Yasmin, Kai on Meg, and James was refilling Cornelia's glass with lemonade. 
　　Keith and Liam were two single guys at the table, and for the first time, Talia wished to really have the power to match mates so that Keith and Liam can be happy as well.
　　…
　　It took them less than a minute to rearrange tables for the ceremony.
　　Healers were busy around the altar, and Talia noticed two of them standing out as they were telling others what to do.
　　'Axel', Talia called through the mind link. 'I see that Calla and Remi command authority among healers who are obeying them.'
　　'Are you thinking of making one of them the next Oracle?', Axel guessed.
　　'Yes. But I can't decide between the two. What do you think?'
　　Axel shook his head. 'You are the Alpha. If you think that both of them are good candidates, both of them can get the title of Oracle and they can organize work amongst themselves.'
　　Talia liked this idea. If they have two, then in case one was busy or otherwise not available, the other one can do the work.
　　'Before we make it official, I want Yasmin to evaluate their competency.', Talia said.
　　'It will be done, Alpha.', Axel responded in his official tone, and he even bowed a little. Whoever saw this silent interaction, understood that Axel just accepted an order and it was important.
　　The healers signaled that they were ready to start the ceremony, and Talia stepped forward to give her speech which was supposed to happen before the feast.
　　Just as Damon suggested, she told them about the ongoing efforts and the upcoming mixer. She ended with, "We are in the process of coming up with the best way for you to travel while staying safe. Expect good news soon. I thank you for your patience."
　　The crowd cheered and Tyler stepped forward with Sandy connected at his hip.
　　"Can I say a word before the ceremony?", Tyler asked Talia and she waved for him to go ahead.
　　Tyler raised his arm, indicating that he wanted to speak, and the noise simmered down.
　　"I'm confident you heard that I found my mate.", Tyler said while puffing his chest. "I was fortunate to find my other half and I want to tell every unmated member of our pack not to lose hope. Alpha Talia is here, changing our lives for the better and I can't wait to see what tomorrow will bring." He turned to look at Sandy. "My wonderful mate will become a member of our pack in a minute, but I want to be the one to introduce her first."
　　Tyler looked at the crowd. "Please, welcome to our pack my mate and soon-to-be your Gamma: SASA!"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 660 The new Gamma of the MG pack (cont.) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 660 The new Gamma of the MG pack (cont.) [Bonus chapter]
　　At the introduction of Gamma Sasa, the crowd erupted in cheers, claps, and whistles, but what got Tyler's attention were unexpected reactions from people around him.
　　Sandy regretted not clarifying the mix-up about her name. She thought how Sasa was cute and didn't care how Tyler called her as long as it was with love. If she knew that he would announce it to everyone, she would find a chance between their lovemaking to tell him that crucial piece of information.
　　'PFFFFT!', a boisterous laugh burst from Liam, who couldn't hold himself back at the sight of Tyler's innocent confusion and Sandy's awkwardness.
　　Liam remembered how, on the previous day, Sandy and Tyler met, both overdressed and dazed at the sight of each other, and they were cool while going upstairs without care that everyone knew what they were about to do. And now they had this big blooper that Liam will remember for many years to come. Sandy got burned, and he didn't need to lift a finger!
　　Liam's only regret: not recording it.
　　Axel, Yasmin, Meg, and Kai were snickering. Keith was shaking with suppressed laughter while Talia, Damon, Cornelia, and James had funny expressions.
　　Tyler understood that something was off. But what was it?
　　Under that calm fa?ade, Tyler could sense that Sandy was upset. Was it because all these guys here were laughing?
　　Due to the hierarchy, Tyler couldn't publicly challenge Axel, Talia, or Damon, so his attention fell on Kai.
　　"What kind of behavior is that? Did I laugh when you introduced your mate?" Tyler asked Kai, his voice full of indignation.
　　"No…", Kai responded while wiping the corners of his eyes from tears that gathered there. "But I introduced my mate by her proper name."
　　Tyler was perplexed. The crowd was cheering for his mate and their new Gamma Sasa, and his so-called friends were laughing like they had heard a joke. And what did Kai mean by introducing his mate by proper name?
　　"What?" Tyler snapped as irritation rolled through him. His hands balled into fists. He was about to jump on Kai and teach him a lesson, no matter who was watching.
　　"Sorry, Ty…" Sandy said in a small voice while tugging on his shirt. "My name is Sandy."
　　"You said it was Sasa.", Tyler reminded her, and her guilty expression told him that something was off. "I called you Sasa many times, and you never corrected me." Did she do it on purpose? Did she enjoy making fun of him?
　　Sandy pressed her lips into a line regretfully. She could feel Tyler's emotions through their mate bond. He was embarrassed, and there was some anger also with a hint of betrayal, and it was killing her on the inside.
　　"When we met, I was so smitten that my stutter from childhood returned, and you assumed that Sasa was my name. After that, I thought it was cute. No one ever called me like that; it was special. Something between the two of us."
　　"And the rest of the pack.", Meg added cheekily.
　　"Meg!" Sandy hissed at her. This was not the time for teasing. Sandy was in the middle of her first argument with her mate, and it was in front of Alphas and the whole pack to see.
　　"I'm sorry, Ty. I didn't mean to deceive you."
　　Tyler exhaled helplessly. How can he be angry at her when he could feel that she was genuinely sorry. The insecurity she projected was making his stomach churn painfully.
　　Tyler cupped Sandy's cheeks and kissed her on the lips. "I forgive you." And then he kissed her again.
　　"Everyone!" Tyler shouted at the crowd that was still cheering for Sandy (aka Gamma Sasa).
　　Tyler waited for everyone to quiet down before he spoke, "I need to correct myself. The love I have for my mate muddled with my mind, and I told you her name is Sasa. Her name is Sandy, that is Gamma Sandy for you. Sasa is a nickname that I gave her, and that is only for me to use. If I hear any of you call her Sasa, you will earn yourself time in the dungeon."
　　People erupted in laughter and cheers, and Tyler turned to see Sandy's blue-green eyes smiling at him.
　　Sandy knew that Tyler forgave her, for real. And more than that, he took the blame for this blunder, not caring about his image. For Sandy, at that moment, Tyler was the coolest person alive. And he was hers.
　　"Thank you, Ty."
　　"Anytime, Sasa.", he responded, and then he kissed her deeply right there for everyone to see.
　　Sandy's arms wrapped around Tyler, and they clung to each other while completely ignoring whistling and teasing from the crowd.
　　Talia could feel the emotions of the Midnight Guardians pack flowing into her, and she was overwhelmed by the positivity. They were excited that Talia was there and enthusiastic about the feast and the upcoming pack run, and they were happy for Tyler, but the biggest was their hope that soon they would find their mates.
　　For the members of the Midnight Guardians pack, Sandy was more than second Gamma, more than Tyler's mate. She was another proof that things were changing under Talia's leadership, and the flame of hope to find their other half was reignited for every unmated member of the pack.
　　Talia gasped at the energy that became tangible, and somehow, it all became hers, charging her to the point of her body buzzing, and she needed an outlet because it felt like she might explode.
　　'To all pack members!' Talia's voice boomed through the pack mind-link for every pack member to hear. 'I present you Tyler and Sandy, your Gammas! Let's give Sandy an appropriate welcome and wish the newly mated couple all the best!'
　　Talia glanced at Damon, and then she took a deep breath while raising her head to look at the night sky.
　　"AWOOOOO!"
　　Talia howled loudly, and Damon was quick to join her. A second later, the whole area shook from howls that merged into one loud thunder that scared many animals away.
　　Axel ended howling only when his lungs were completely devoid of air, and he looked at Yasmin, who observed everything with her eyes open wide.
　　"Was this too loud?" Axel asked Yasmin.
　　Yasmin shook her head and smiled widely. "I never saw anything like this. I can feel the energies converging around Talia, and I wonder if the upcoming ceremony can top this."
　　Axel realized that Yasmin was right. His parents led many pack runs, but they never had this charged-up atmosphere before the ceremony. Indeed, Talia was here to change things.
　　Talia was observing her surroundings with astonishment. It was beyond feeling the energies. She could see faint white strings from every pack member going into her. It was like all of them were connected to her, and she was connected to each and every pack member.
　　'Do you see this?' Talia asked Liseli.
　　Liseli confirmed with a hum. 'It reminds me of lights and colors we saw on the sphere that Guardians gave you when they tested your power.'
　　Talia had to agree with this. It was fantastic. She could also see faint dark lines from Liam, Keith, and Sandy going to Damon, and she wondered if the other ones were not visible because of the obstruction caused by the portal.
　　But… 'Is it normal to see these?'
　　Liseli's laughter sounded more like growling. 'You are the one defining normal, girl. Enjoy it.'
　　---
　　You can find the pic of Tyler and Sandy in the comments.  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 661 Switching packs
Chapter 661 Switching packs
　　Talia was curious about the faintly visible threads between her and members of the Midnight Guardians pack. She realized that they allowed her to sense the emotions of the pack.
　　Damon told her that he could feel when the Dark Howlers pack was happy or in distress in general, with the difference that he didn't mention any connections which could be seen with the naked eye.
　　Talia wondered if those threads were visible because of some ability she awakened or maybe because of the energies that were gathering there.
　　The positivity was tangible, and Talia knew that her pack members believed she could make their hopes and dreams come true. They believed in her, and that motivated her to keep pushing forward. 
　　Was this the feeling of Alpha's strength amplified by the support of their people?
　　Will the threads be there regardless of the distance between the two?
　　Those threads would be handy to see in case one of her pack members was missing. She could be like a shepherd, searching for the lost lambs (aka werewolves). Can she use those to track her father? Assuming he was alive, of course.
　　She turned to look at Damon and noticed that there was nothing between them.
　　'If the white threads are manifestations of abilities to share emotions and communicate through the mind link, how come there is no connection between Damon and me?' Talia asked Liseli.
　　Liseli was not sure how to respond to that. 'I can feel the mate bond between you. Maybe you need to bite him again.'
　　Talia had no ions. Marking Damon again meant more sex, and every time they marked each other, the orgasm was mind-blowing.
　　Damon met Talia's gaze, and his eyebrows rose in slow motion questionably. He had no idea that Talia was thinking about jumping on him.
　　'Damon?' Talia called through their private mind-link. 'Do you see anything different?'
　　'Like what?' he asked.
　　'Never mind', Talia responded. If he could see the strings or anything else that normally wouldn't be there, he would definitely mention it.
　　Talia remembered how at the Council of Alphas, only she could see the runes that the Guardians summoned while blocking the Alpha aura. Was this one more thing that only people sensitive to energies could pick up?
　　Talia glanced at Yasmin and Cornelia, wondering if they could see the phenomenon, but both Yasmin and Cornelia were looking around and smiling, definitely not showing any signs of seeing silvery threads.
　　Talia decided to focus on the present. So many things were happening, and she looked like a distracted schoolgirl without reflecting the image of a confident Alpha she should be.
　　Tyler and Sandy were now at the altar, where the fire was sizzling. It was time for Sandy to change packs officially.
　　Normally, a person would leave a pack when they were unhappy with it. It was more than just leaving a pack; it was leaving home while cutting ties with family and accepting another one. People would also switch packs when they found mates in a different pack, but that was usually not done with both Alphas present, so Sandy was awkward about the situation. Why did it feel like she was doing something bad?
　　Sandy glanced at Damon apprehensively, and she was glad that he didn't frown at her. Actually, Damon was smiling a little. Was he glad that she was leaving the Dark Howlers pack?
　　Tyler gave Sandy's hand a squeeze, and she shook unnecessary thoughts away. All this was happening because she had found her mate, and she wanted to be with him. Damon's support was welcomed, but in the end, it didn't matter how he felt about it because it was her decision.
　　Sandy took a deep breath and said, "I, Sandy of the Dark Howlers pack, denounce my pack, the Dark Howlers pack."
　　Sandy felt a pang in her chest, and Damon grimaced as he felt the same. It was a long time since someone left his pack, so this caught him unprepared.
　　Talia actually saw the dark string between Damon and Sandy breaking, and then it disappeared completely.
　　Sandy cut her palm with a ceremonial knife, and Tyler frowned like he was the one being cut. Healer Calla collected a few drops of Sandy's blood in the previously prepared container that was white and curved, like a palm-sized bowl made out of a bone.
　　Calla asked Sandy, "Will you accept the Midnight Guardians pack as your own?"
　　"I am willing.", Sandy responded.
　　"I, Natalia Moonrider, accept you as the member of the Midnight Guardians pack.", Talia said proudly.
　　It was Talia's first time accepting someone in the pack, so this was a big deal.
　　Yasmin was there as Axel's Luna, but Yasmin didn't have the pack-joining ceremony, and now that she was pregnant, they didn't want to risk any disturbances until the children were born.
　　Calla murmured unintelligible chants while tipping the white container to pour Sandy's blood into the fire. The moment the flames licked the crimson liquid, Talia saw a thin thread darting from Sandy's chest to latch onto Talia's.
　　'Why is it gray?' Talia asked Liseli. All other threads were white, except for this one.
　　Liseli groaned in frustration. How was she supposed to know? But she had some theories. 'Maybe Sandy's loyalty is still with the Dark Howlers pack.'
　　Talia didn't think it made sense. Didn't Guardians say how different colors on the sphere represented members of other packs that were loyal to Talia because her hand was touching the ? But then… maybe these strings and strings on the sphere were different.
　　Talia wished to meet with the Guardians, especially with the one named Dex, who said that he was studying the sphere. She wanted to get answers to all these questions that were piling up. Would they be willing to discuss openly topics related to the sphere and magical powers?
　　There was also the point of her father. If the Guardians had so much influence, maybe they had clues about Valerian Moonrider.
　　'Kitten?'
　　Damon's voice sounded in Talia's mind, pulling her out of her thoughts.
　　Seeing her confused expression, Damon reminded her, 'Sandy is waiting for you to welcome her to your pack.'
　　Talia smiled awkwardly when she saw Tyler and Sandy looking at her expectantly. She had such a bad timing with spacing out!
　　Did they do all the steps for Sandy to join and be the Gamma? It looked like it.
　　"Welcome to the Midnight Guardians pack, Gamma Sandy.", Talia said, and the crowd cheered.
　　Tyler pulled Sandy into his arms and stared into her blue-green eyes that smiled at him.
　　"Welcome home, Sasa", Tyler said, and then he gave her a toe-curling kiss.
　　Tyler loved kissing Sandy. She was his zesty mate, and she was his to kiss and hug and feed and have sex with. Tyler had no intention of slacking off in any of those.
　　'What were you thinking about?', Damon asked Talia when the healers started the ceremony with healer Remi presiding over it.
　　Talia knew that Damon noticed she was distracted. She had no idea how to explain what she was seeing, but then she remembered that she didn't need to use words.
　　'Watch this', Talia said, and Damon's eyebrows shot up when she sent him mental images of what she was seeing. 'These are connections between the pack members and me.'
　　Damon wondered if that was possible because of Talia's unique identity. His mate was awesome
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 662 The pack run (MG pack)
Chapter 662 The pack run (MG pack)
　　The ceremony ended on a high note, with everyone experiencing the rush as healers led by Calla and Remi worked together to channel the energy of the Moon for the whole pack to feel.
　　Werewolves were sensitive to the moonlight, and some stories said how that was the source of their powers which provided them with the ability to shift between human and wolf forms.
　　Talia was high as the emotions pouring into her were overwhelming, and she completely forgot that it was time for the pack run.
　　Damon was glad to see that no one in the visible range was naked, but he knew it was only a matter of time. But more than seeing other people naked, he didn't want anyone to lay their eyes on Talia's bare flesh. That was only for him to see.
　　Damon stuck close to Talia. His grip on her hip didn't allow her to budge.
　　"Kitten", his breath splashed on her ear. "Let's go inside to shift."
　　Talia thought how he was silly. Everyone gathered and was waiting for Talia to lead the pack run, yet he wanted her to leave?
　　"We can't leave."
　　"Just for the shift.", he insisted.
　　It took her a moment to realize the reason behind his request. She was touched that the possessive Alpha wanted to protect the sight of her body. Werewolves were used to nudity, and she should be the awkward one because she grew up differently, but here was Damon, shielding her from prying eyes.
　　She smiled at him and gave him a firm hug.
　　"There is no need to leave.", Talia said.
　　Damon was about to protest but then he saw that Talia started glowing. The silvery light intensified and enveloped both of them, making them disappear in the blinding brightness.
　　"Will this work?" she asked, and he could imagine the smug smirk on her face.
　　"This is perfect."
　　The crowd could see their Alpha hugging Damon, and then they started glowing to the point of their forms disappearing completely. By the time light subsided, two human forms were gone, and instead, there were two majestic wolves, one black and one light gray, nearly white in color. A faint silvery glow pulsated around Talia, giving her an otherworldly appearance.
　　Talia looked at the people who stared at her with eyes wide open.
　　'What are you waiting for?' Talia's voice sounded through the pack mind-link for everyone to hear. 'I thought you were excited about the pack run.'
　　The crowd stirred, and a few seconds later, humans were replaced by wolves of different shapes and sizes.
　　'We didn't see a white wolf in a long time.' Axel's voice, full of awe, sounded in Talia's mind. 'Actually, I never saw one in person.'
　　Just like everyone else, Axel couldn't stop staring at her. Talia's wolf was unusually big for females, and it stood out by evenly colored fur. Most of the wolves had patches of colors and shades, yet Talia was nearly white, with her fur shimmering in silvery tones under the moonlight.
　　Her flawlessness was emphasized with the completely black wolf by her side, both majestic in their own ways and equally deadly.
　　Talia realized that the voice in her head came from a light brown wolf that had a diamond-shaped tuft of darker shades on his chest. It was Axel. More than recognizing his appearance, it was Yasmin rubbing his ears that gave it away.
　　Talia craned her neck to look at herself. Damon told her that her fur was light gray. Her sight fell on her paws, and she wondered if her fur became whiter or if she was imagining it.
　　'Does white fur mean something?' Talia asked Axel.
　　'It symbolizes the connection to the Moon Goddess.', Axel responded.
　　'Well, we have that going for us. I know the female personally. We are tight', Liseli said proudly to Talia.
　　'Our records keep track of white wolves in the pack. Your father was the last one.' Axel continued talking, and Talia focused on his words over Liseli's snickering at her own jokes.
　　'I guess I will need to make another entry.', Axel said.
　　Talia was happy to hear that her father had a white wolf also, but she didn't feel that the color itself was important. Maybe Liseli and abilities were special in the outside world, but in the Midnight Guardians pack, abilities were common, and even Damon had a wolf that could talk, so Talia didn't think she was standing out.
　　Talia lifted her head to look up at the moon, and then...
　　"AWOOOOO!"
　　Talia initiated a howl that shook the whole forest when others joined as if they were competing who could do it louder.
　　That was it. The pack run began.
　　Talia led the way with Damon by her side. Axel was on Talia's right with Yasmin riding him, and Meg, Kai, Tyler, and Sandy were flanking them. Keith, Liam, and James were also there, with Cornelia on top of him.
　　Cornelia was gripping James' fur so she wouldn't fall off, and James would jolt on purpose so that Cornelia's thighs tighten around him.  Cornelia was riding James, and it was a good feeling… for both of them.
　　As soon as the leading group entered the forest, the other pack members spilled after them.
　　This run was similar to the one the Dark Howlers had, with the difference that unmated wolves were not looking for temporary companions. Once the run was over, the mated ones were happy to frolic with their mates, but the ones without partners gathered in groups to drink and chat without physical intimacy.
　　At some point during the run, Talia gave control to Liseli, who was happy to spend time with Sapa.
　　Talia used that time to disconnect and not think about anything in particular. She needed a mental break from everything.
　　By the time Talia returned to her senses, Liseli was following after a big black wolf, and the surroundings were oddly familiar.
　　'Why are we here?' Talia asked Damon through the mind-link when she recognized the cave that represented the location of one of the hardest moments in her life.
　　It was the cave where Talia cared for Damon while he was under the effect of dark magic and unconscious. When he woke up, he didn't feel their mate bond, and he didn't remember Talia. He pushed her away, believing that she was the enemy, and Talia really wanted to forget about that, yet here they were.
　　'Trust me, kitten', Damon said. 'We need to do this. I need to do this.'
　　Talia was not happy, but she could hear his determination, so she followed.
　　Talia looked around the cave to see that things didn't change. The cot was still there, and the backpacks and mess they left there were missing, indicating that someone had visited this place after the unfortunate event.
　　Due to her wolf form and nerves which were acting out, Talia found the scents suffocating, and the sounds of water dripping echoed in her head, making her disoriented. She shifted into her human form to ease the stimulation of her senses.
　　Talia observed that the white threads connecting her to the pack members were not visible, even though she could still feel them in general. Were they not visible because the energies dwindled or because she was not in the mood to share, or was there another reason?
　　But none of those managed to distract her from the pressing question, why were they back here?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 663 Fixing bad memories (1)
Chapter 663 Fixing bad memories (1)
　　"Come here, kitten", Damon's low voice echoed in the cave. He shifted into his human form and was sitting on the cot.
　　Damon's magnificent naked self was exposed for Talia to see completely, but the cave was filled with bitterness, and she couldn't make herself enjoy the visual.
　　Talia didn't move, even after Damon raised his left hand toward her, silently urging her to get closer.
　　"Why are we here?" Talia asked suspiciously.
　　"We are here to fix the wrongs", Damon said without lowering his hand that was hovering in the air and waiting for Talia's. "I promised you good memories, so many of them that they will bury all the bad ones. But it's hard to forget when negativity grips my heart and repeatedly reminds me that I hurt you. I am your mate, and it's my duty to cherish you, yet I ended up messing up over and over again. That's why I decided to give this a try. I want to fix bad memories."
　　"How?"
　　"Let's redo our moments in this place, kitten."  He patted the cot with his right hand. "I will lay here, you will tend to me, and when I open my eyes, I will know how important you are, and things will be OK."
　　Talia's eyes blurred from tears. His sincerity really touched her, but what hit her harder was the grief and regret that poured into her through their mate bond.
　　Talia realized that Damon was struggling with the things from the past, maybe more than she did. He wished that he didn't forget about her (twice), and he wished that he didn't have so many women in his past, and he was blaming himself for those and much more because his past actions were casting a shade on their present and future.
　　Talia was the first one Damon cared for, she was his other half, and he hurt her. Repeatedly.
　　Damon was not proud of many things he did, and he kept messing up after they met. Some of those were not his fault, but they happened on his watch, and he was drowning in guilt.
　　Talia had an urge to assure him it was fine. Things were not perfect, but as long as they worked on their relationship and put each other first, things would work themselves out. They had to.
　　She walked to him and put her hand into his that was still waiting for her. Of course, he was still waiting for her. Since he found her in the attic of the Red Moon pack, Damon was waiting for Talia to get stronger, braver, to accept him and grow confident, to recognize him as her mate… the willful and impatient Alpha was always waiting for her and that showed how much he loved her.
　　"What should I do?" Talia asked.
　　Damon gave her fingers a squeeze, and then he laid on the cot; his head rested on the neatly folded blanket that was there, and he didn't let go of her hand.
　　"Do what you did while I was unconscious.", he instructed.
　　"Alright", she agreed to this experiment, but she already knew it will work because instead of thinking about how Damon pushed her away and left, she was completely focused on his attempts to make things right. Good memories were not replacing the bad ones; the good ones were squeezing in, making the bad memories appear smaller and less relevant.
　　Talia tore a piece of the blanket and disappeared among large rocks, knowing that there was a tunnel that led toward a stream of fresh water. She went there numerous times to soak the fabric so that she could wipe Damon's body.
　　At that time, Talia was desperate and lonely, and she had a belly full of anger for Cassandra and the two Alphas who harmed her mate, and now things were different. She was hopeful and excited to see how this would turn out.
　　Damon didn't move a muscle, and he watched her as she returned with a damp cloth.
　　"You should close your eyes.", Talia instructed, and he did so obediently.
　　Damon flinched when cold droplets fell on his firm abs.
　　"How long will you pretend to be unconscious?" She asked.
　　"Until you are done taking care of your mate, Alpha Talia.", he responded with all the seriousness in the world.
　　Talia paused. Was he joking? If this was for making good memories, there was no need for him to relax like that, yet it looked like he was about to take a nap. A long one!
　　Talia's attention was drawn to his erection that was standing there, making it impossible to ignore.
　　She got an idea.
　　"Let your mate take care of you. I will take a gooood care of you."
　　Damon's lips lifted into a wicked smile he was unable to suppress. "Maybe I should take care of you."
　　"Nonsense", Talia said. "You are unconscious, under the effect of dark magic. You can't move. Remember?"
　　"Alright", he said obediently.
　　"No moving. You promised. If you move before I allow it, this game is over, and we are heading back", Talia said, and he wondered why she insisted on it, but he agreed. 
　　Damon jolted violently when the cold sensation enveloped his cock as she put the damp fabric over it.
　　Damon growled. Didn't she know that cold water will make it shrink? He could feel himself go soft already!
　　"Kitten…"
　　"No talking either", Talia snapped. "You are unconscious, suffering. Let me take care of you."
　　Damon's eyebrows twitched when he heard her steps disappearing in the direction where the stream was. He was suffering, alright. He didn't think that they would get frisky, not right away at least, but what she was doing was pure torture.
　　"AH!" Damon exclaimed when another splash of cold water hit his groin area. He peeked to see that she had a bowl in her hands. Where did that come from?
　　Talia suppressed giggles at the sight of Damon, who was obviously regretting his idea of coming here.
　　She stared at his cock, which shrunk under cold water like it was hiding from her. She saw Damon naked plenty of times, and he was mostly hard and ready, or half-hard, and this shrunken form was something new.
　　"How small can it go?" Talia asked, and Damon opened his eyes to see her down on her knees, visually inspecting his little brother that was pathetically small.
　　Damon cleared his throat awkwardly. Out of all the situations he ever found himself in, this was the most embarrassing, ever!
　　"Cold makes it shrink", Damon said eventually.
　　"Will it go smaller if I cool it further?" She was genuinely curious.
　　Damon didn't know how to answer this, so he didn't. "Can we change the topic?"
　　"Do you really want to talk about something else?" She asked teasingly. "I am curious… we were under the waterfall, and the water was cold there, yet you were not like this."
　　"At that time, you kept me warm, kitten."
　　Talia's eyes flashed with understanding, and she put her palm on his thigh. "Will this make it hard?"
　　"It will help if you give it a squeeze. And you can rub a little", Damon said in a signing voice. The silent promise of carnal pleasures dispelled any shame he felt.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 664 Fixing bad memories (2)
Chapter 664 Fixing bad memories (2)
　　Their current situation reminded Talia of the time at the Summer Solstice festival when the cheeky Alpha said his legs were numb and it was Talia's fault, so she ended up massaging him. At that time, she was suppressing her love for him, thinking that it was a one-sided thing that will end up with her being hurt, but now it was different. She was not an insecure girl from the attic anymore; she was Alpha Natalia Moonrider, and that naked bundle of handsome muscles was her mate, her other half. Hers.
　　Damon brought her here without consulting her first. It's not that she didn't agree with the idea of creating good memories, but she wanted it done on her terms.
　　"Ahh…", a barely audible sigh escaped Damon's lips when Talia took him into her mouth without any warning.
　　Talia's eyes widened when she felt him grow in her mouth. It was an unknown sensation, and it filled her with pride to know that her touch affected him in such a way.
　　"If this is how you took care of me the last time, I'm sorry I was unconscious", Damon said, his voice low from the lust that was swelling together with his cock.
　　Talia unlatched herself from him in order to respond, "At that time, I feared that you won't wake up, that you might become cripple, that I would lose you. But now there is no place for fear because we are here to make happy memories, right?"
　　"Right", Damon confirmed, and he was more than happy when she returned her precious lips to tend to his cock that was now hard and ready and aching for her touch.
　　He wanted to grab a fistful of her hair and thrust into her mouth, but she told him not to move, so he gripped the edges of the cot while staring at her with a heated gaze she could feel burning her skin.
　　There was something extremely humbling in the scene of Talia kneeling next to the cot with Damon's cock in her mouth. The most powerful Alpha was on her knees, lowering herself to serve him, and she was doing it willingly. It only made him love her more.
　　They were back in that wretched cave to make happy memories, and Damon was determined to make many of them. He will prove himself as the strongest Alpha, worthy of being her mate, by satisfying her repeatedly and making her cry his name in ecstasy. As soon as he fills her mouth with his seed, he will get to it.
　　…
　　Talia opened her eyes to find herself snuggled next to Damon on the cot. 
　　It was morning. 
　　They spent the night in the cave, indulging in carnal pleasures while creating happy memories, and it worked because she felt light, like there were no worries in the world. Damon had that effect on her, making her believe that things will be alright as long as they were together.
　　Talia felt the breeze on her bare flesh as the two of them laid naked without any cover, but she was not cold because Damon's body kept her warm.
　　"Sleep, kitten", Damon mumbled, his voice husky from drowsiness. "It's early."
　　She looked up at him to see that he didn't open his eyes.
　　"I'm awake, and we have a lot to do."
　　Damon frowned. "What's the point of time passing differently if you will be busy?" He thought they came here for a vacation!
　　"Time is passing differently, but that doesn't mean the world paused while we are relaxing here."
　　Damon opened one eye to look at her. "We should at least afford a lazy morning in bed. I mind-linked Keith and Liam earlier, so they won't expect us for breakfast."
　　"You thought of everything."
　　"I only thought of you and how to sink my cock into my sweet pussy without making it too obvious how much I'm lusting after you."
　　Talia's laughter echoed in the cave, and she moved to lay on top of him. "No need for schemes, my love, because I want to feel you."
　　Damon hissed when he felt the sparks of their bond all over, especially on his cock that was getting coated in Talia's juices as she was grinding on him. Damn! His mate was an Alpha with a libido to match it. And that was only for him.
　　"I will take back the lazy part, but we should stay in bed at least until lunchtime.", he said cheekily, making Talia laugh more.
　　Damon chuckled, and then he laughed with her, as her laughter was contagious, and it was the best sound he had ever heard. She was happy and that poured into him, and this was the vacation he was craving for, the two of them in a good mood, privacy, and clothes were optional.
　　…
　　~ The Dark Howlers pack ~
　　In the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack, Dawn and Zina were chattering in the kitchen.
　　George went to train with warriors, so two girlfriends decided to spend those few hours together.
　　It's not that George needed training, but he knew that Dawn was craving some girl-time with Zina and when he was around, Dawn didn't leave his side while Zina was awkward, so he made himself scarce.
　　Maya and Caden were outside, dealing with pack matters, and the packhouse was unusually quiet after the last period of activity. It seemed like only Dawn and Zina were in that huge mansion.
　　Zina really missed Dawn, and she knew that Dawn will soon go to the Red Moon pack, and then Zina will miss her more, but Zina was also happy for her friend. Finding a mate was a monumental event for any werewolf, and Zina didn't want to be sappy and spoil this for Dawn.
　　Zina had only one concern. "Make sure those bastards at the Red Moon pack don't bully you."
　　Dawn wanted to assure Zina that things will be alright, but the truth was that she didn't know what to expect either.
　　George had a plan to take down Alpha Edward. It was a risky business, very risky. It could get them imprisoned or killed, definitely tortured, and Dawn did her best not to think about all the bad things that could happen. But even if George was successful, it will take weeks or months until it happens, and the idea of them living in fear until George makes his move was unsettling.
　　"You should come and visit", Dawn said. "George said there are several guestrooms in his villa, and you can definitely use one."
　　Zina made a face. "Who do you think you are talking to? I am now in charge of the kitchen so if any high-ranking pack member goes hungry it will be my fault. Do you think I can take a vacation anytime?"
　　Dawn realized that Zina was right. But… "James' birthday celebration will be soon."
　　Zina didn't understand why Dawn brought that up. It's not like Zina will be invited.
　　Seeing Zina's confused expression, Dawn explained, "Damon and Talia will definitely attend it, and maybe Maya and Caden also. Considering Alpha Edward's reputation, he will make it a few days long event so that he can use it to connect and scheme with other packs. You can come and stay with me during that time."
　　Zina bobbed her head excitedly. "If I can, I will be there." She wanted to see Dawn's new home and to make sure George treated her well.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 665 Malia strikes again! [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 665 Malia strikes again! [Bonus chapter]
　　Zina's phone dinged with a notification and her eyes widened when she saw the message.
　　It was an official announcement from Meg about the new high-ranking member of the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　Normally, changes in the internal structure of a pack wouldn't be publicized to outsiders unless it's a change on the Alpha level, but considering the special relationship between the two packs, Talia approved for news about Sandy becoming a Gamma to be sent to Maya, Caden, and Zina (aka three people who were now in charge of the packhouse). If Talia was home, she would tell them.
　　"What is it?", Dawn asked while scooting closer to see what got Zina's attention.
　　"Sandy found her mate in the Midnight Guardians pack.", Zina said breathily. "It's Tyler, the Gamma of the Midnight Guardians pack, which makes Sandy a Gamma."
　　"I knew it!", Dawn exclaimed. "Malia strikes again!"
　　Zina looked at Dawn in disbelief. "You can't be serious."
　　"Oh, I am serious! I told you that you should go with them. Talia would find you a mate in no time. Keep on delaying this and you will miss the promotional period. Will you be able to afford it when Malia becomes world-famous?"
　　Zina shook her head helplessly. "There is no such thing as an ability to find mates, Dawn." If there was, Zina would find hers in Shifters the other night. Zina was there, and Talia was there, and plenty of unmated guys were there, but not a single one clicked for Zina.
　　Zina felt like crying. At this rate, she will be alone forever! Nights were the hardest. Even when she found a guy to keep her company, the joy was not complete because Zina knew it was just temporary. She wanted someone to feed her and to give her endless orgasms, damn it!
　　"Don't give up hopes, Zi.", Dawn said. "Just stick to Talia and she will find you a mate."
　　"You sound like Talia has a catalog and I just pick one."
　　"Picking is mutual, but yes, it's something like that.", Dawn responded with all seriousness in the world. "Didn't you see how many new mates found each other during the pack run? We never saw anything like it and I believe that it's because we finally got our Luna."
　　"I agree with that statement.", a familiar female voice from the door got Dawn's and Zina's attention and they whipped their heads that way to confirm that they heard it right.
　　"STEPH!", Dawn and Zina exclaimed in unison and then they rushed there to end up in a three-female hug.
　　Stephanie laughed. "It's good to see you, girls. How are you doing? Did you miss me?"
　　Dawn and Zina were both nodding earnestly.
　　Zina tilted her head toward Dawn. "This one has her mate to keep her company, but I'm missing you like crazy." Zina glanced behind Stephanie. "We heard you found your second chance mate. Did you already leave him at home?"
　　Stephanie couldn't stop grinning. "Richard was interested in the garden, so he went to take a look."
　　Stephanie looked around the kitchen. "I came here thinking that you will be busy cooking and baking, yet you are chatting like there is no work."
　　"There is no work. Not much work, anyway.", Zina responded.
　　Dawn explained, "Our Alpha and Luna went to the Midnight Guardians pack, and some of the guests went with them. Shaman Gideon and Mindy moved to their new home, so other than me and George, only Betas are still here. And for us, sandwiches are fine."
　　"Oh, they are not here", disappointment in Stephanie's voice was obvious. She was hoping to introduce Richard to Damon and Talia. Well, Richard knew Damon, but this would be an introduction as Stephanie's mate. "Do you know how long they will stay there?"
　　Zina shrugged. "A few days. Not long."
　　Dawn was curious about one thing. "Did you hear from Lisa? How is she doing with her mate?"
　　Stephanie's smile widened. "After Lisa told me she found her mate, I didn't hear from her, but isn't that expected? They are probably in solitude and if they are anything how Gil and I were, I won't hear from her for weeks."
　　All three women knew about Lisa causing trouble and how she couldn't accept when Tony found his mate, and they also hoped that Lisa finding her mate was a good thing.
　　Finding a mate helps one see things differently, and Stephanie wished for Lisa to grow up and stop clinging to things that were never hers. Now Lisa had her mate, and she should be busy starting her new life.
　　Stephanie didn't want to talk about bad things and spoil the mood.
　　"How are you girls doing?", Stephanie asked and turned to Dawn. "When will you go to the Red Moon pack with your mate? We should plan a sendoff party."
　　"A party?" Dawn really didn't think of that. "Don't make it sound like I'm going to a jungle never to return. It's not so far away. You can visit anytime. We were just planning for Zina to visit me."
　　Stephanie stifled a laugh. "You didn't leave yet, and you are already making plans for guests."
　　"Of course", Dawn said confidently. "With future Alpha James' birthday party coming, Damon and Talia will definitely attend it, and Zina can tag along and be my guest." She puffed her chest proudly. "As a Commander, George has his own villa there with guest bedrooms and everything."
　　"Oh, that's nice.", Stephanie said, her big smile creating crinkles around her eyes.
　　Dawn nodded earnestly and turned to Zina. "I will plan for some mixers. What if you find your mate there? You can be my neighbor."
　　Zina made a face. She loved the idea of being close to Dawn, but the Red Moon pack gave her heebie-jeebies. "If I need to go around and find a mate, I will stick to Talia and accompany her to the Blue River pack next week."
　　"What's there?", Stephanie asked.
　　Dawn responded, "Alpha Maddox will make his Luna Tatiana official. It will be a grand party with many high-ranking people attending. George also got an invitation. And there is also a birthday party upcoming, future Alpha of the Spring Leaf will be turning six years old and his parents were generous to invite us."
　　"I heard about those. Our Alpha and Luna will also be attending them.", Zina said and squinted at Dawn. "You got yourself a high-profile mate and now you can go to fancy parties."
　　Dawn didn't know if they will go because since they returned from the Shifters nightclub, George became sheepish whenever Dawn mentioned anything beyond the Dark Howlers pack; it made Dawn wonder what Damon said to George when they stayed in the VVIP booth on their own. It was suspicious.
　　"Did I come too soon?", a deep voice rumbled from the door and a burly man with a head full of red hair came into sight. The gentle gaze directed at Stephanie didn't match his rough appearance.
　　"Ladies…", Stephanie said in a singing voice while walking toward the man. "Allow me to introduce to you Richard, my mate."
　　She hugged him as soon as she got into the touching distance and his arms wrapped around her waist.
　　"Nice to meet you", Richard said to Dawn and Zina who observed the couple with sparkles in their eyes.
　　It was unusual to see Stephanie get so cozy with a guy. Dawn and Zina both worked in the packhouse for years, and Stephanie always kept her distance from men. This was different.
　　---  
　　See the pic of Steph and Richard in the comments.  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 666 Axel's ability (1)
Chapter 666 Axel's ability (1)
　　~ The Midnight Guardians pack ~
　　Damon and Talia returned to the main house in time for lunch.
　　They all gathered in the dining room. Sandy and Tyler were also present.
　　Talia wanted to use this opportunity to casually discuss their future plans. Whenever they were in the study, it was all too official, and Talia craved a relaxed atmosphere.
　　"Now that the pack run is done, we should plan for our visit to the Silver Flame Coven.", Talia said. "Can any of you think of something else that must be done before we can go?"
　　They all looked around, and no one had anything to say.
　　"Alright", Talia said. "I thought that I should go with Damon, Keith, and Liam. Yasmin and Cornelia will probably want to visit their Coven, which means that Axel and James will come as well. Meg and Kai should stay here and watch over the pack. Tyler and Sandy can take time off."
　　Sandy was not happy about this. She came here as Talia's guard, and she didn't get to do any guarding business yet… "You are leaving me behind while Keith and Liam get to go?" She wanted to see the witches also!
　　"Don't compare yourself to Keith and Liam, Gamma Sandy.", Talia said in her official voice, reminding Sandy of her new position. "From the moment you accepted Tyler as your mate, you are not my guard anymore."
　　"I can be a Gamma AND your guard, Alpha Talia.", Sandy protested. "I am a warrior, and my skill set is to fight and not to deal with paperwork and electronics."
　　"Don't argue with your Alpha", Damon interjected sternly. He didn't want to risk Talia's mood being spoiled, and Sandy talking back was insubordination. Didn't Sandy realize that her action was making Talia either cave in under pressure or punish Sandy? And neither of those were good.  
　　Sandy blinked at Damon. She had no intention to argue, but before she could explain herself, Damon was talking again. 
　　"Your Alpha ordered you to take time off, bond with your mate, and learn to control your ability. It was not a request you could refuse. Where will you go protecting your Alpha when you are like a lightbulb whenever you get excited?" Damon gestured to Sandy, whose eyes were flickering in silvery light. "Are you planning to follow us while leaving your mate behind? As a Gamma, Tyler is aware of his responsibilities. In the absence of the Alpha, other high-ranking members will take the lead. Do your duty where it's needed, not when it's convenient."
　　Sandy lowered her head. She didn't like being scolded by Damon, but she knew he was right. She was out of line. "Yes, Alpha."
　　Talia felt sorry for Sandy. Sandy was always energetic, yet she ended up being reprimanded in front of her mate.
　　"Don't think of this as a punishment, Sandy", Talia said, making Sandy raise her gaze to meet Talia's. "It's more of a reward where you get time to learn about your mate and about your new pack. Depending on the nature of your ability, it could be dangerous until you master it. What if you harm someone accidentally? Luckily, you can't harm your mate, and healers have ways to protect themselves, so stick to them until you get the hang of it. Once your ability stabilizes, you can join warriors in training. No one said that a Gamma couldn't be a warrior also."
　　Talia smiled when she saw that Sandy's expression changed into a grateful one and she thought of warning Sandy,  "You will need to practice patience because it might take a while until you master your ability. In the meantime, if you want to contribute, you can go to the archives and start reading and sorting stuff. Axel could use a hand there."
　　"Definitely!" Axel exclaimed. "After lunch, I can show you what I'm doing there." He looked around the table. "Tyler, Kai, Meg, you should join also. The archives are a mess. Many documents are without timestamps, while some are written like ancient riddles. If you think of it as a game of clues, it will be fun."
　　James felt neglected because he was also interested in those ancient riddles. But he also knew that he was an outsider, so he kept quiet and continued feeding Cornelia, his chocolate-colored Goddess. They didn't go all the way, but they did a lot of handholding, hugging, and kissing, and they were sleeping topless with him holding her breasts, and that was definitely progress.
　　Damon saw that Sandy's mood improved, and he turned to look at Talia. He wanted to praise her for being an amazing Luna, but she was not a Luna; Talia was an Alpha now and a very good one. And he was lucky to have her as his mate.
　　With that, it was decided that Damon, Talia, Axel, Yasmin, James, and Cornelia will head to the Silver Flame Coven. Since none of them had anything that would delay the trip, they decided to go on the next day, which was just enough time for Yasmin to prepare presents for Evanora and her sisters in the Coven.
　　…
　　Later that afternoon, Talia met with Axel in the study.
　　"You wanted to meet with me in private?" Talia asked, curious why he wanted secrecy. It took her a while to convince Damon that she was just meeting Axel to see what he wanted and that it was not dangerous and that she won't leave the study.
　　Luckily, Damon had some important emails to handle, so he didn't make a big fuss when Talia left their suite.
　　Seeing that Axel was mysteriously silent, Talia guessed, "Is this about Guardians wanting to meet me? Or Alpha Edward?"
　　"There is nothing new from the Red Moon pack, but Guardians sent another meeting request. You told me to ignore them for now, and I will do so until you tell me otherwise."
　　Talia was out of ideas, so she asked, "Why are we here, Axel?"
　　Axel gestured to Talia to sit on the sofa, and then he handed her a pen and a notepad with, "I want to show you my ability."
　　Talia was super-curious, but… "Shouldn't you keep it a secret?"
　　"I don't think that keeping this a secret will do us any good. As an Alpha, you should know the abilities of your pack members. Only like that, you will be able to protect us and to use us when needed."
　　Talia knew that his words made sense. She had no intention of using any of them, but his sincerity was touching.
　　"Alright", she said and glanced at the notepad and pen. "How do we do this?"
　　Axel chuckled. "I will ask you questions, and I want you to write answers without showing them to me."
　　Talia's mouth formed a big 'O'. "Are you able to force my hand to write what you want? Or can you see through the paper?" Talia turned to look behind her.
　　"What?" Axel asked.
　　"I'm checking if you placed there a mirror secretly."
　　"No mirrors and no tricks. Only my ability."
　　Talia pursed her lips. "No matter how you call it, if you want me to write something without showing you, and you will guess what it is, it's definitely a trick. Or will you make it burst in flames while smoke forms the shape of what I wrote on the paper?"
　　Axel rolled his eyes. She really had some crazy ideas. "Can we do this?"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 667 Axel's ability (2)
Chapter 667 Axel's ability (2)
　　Seeing that Talia settled down, Axel extended his hand toward Talia, palm up. "First, I want to hold your hand."
　　Talia felt silly holding his hand like that, but it didn't last long.
　　"Now what?", she asked.
　　"Write down your favorite food.", Axel instructed. "Then write what you do first thing in the morning. What's your favorite song?..."
　　Talia finished writing down the fifth item and asked, "Should I show you this?"
　　"No. But I want you to follow it as I speak.", Axel explained. "Your favorite food is dark chocolate. The first thing you do in the morning is inhale the scent of the forest…"
　　Talia's eyebrows were rising questionably as Axel got it all right like he could read answers that were on the notepad she was hiding from his gaze.
　　Axel looked at her smugly. "Was I right?"
　　Talia turned the notepad for him to see her answers.
　　"Is your ability to see what I see?", Talia guessed. Sharing mental images and memories seemed like a good guess. She could do it with Damon, and Liseli said that they can force their way into other minds also.
　　"Not quite.", he said mysteriously.
　　"How did you do it, then?"
　　Axel extended his hand toward Talia again, silently asking for her hand, and she put it there.
　　"OK", Axel said while standing up. "Now, I want you to draw something."
　　"What should I draw?"
　　Axel shrugged. "Anything you feel like but keep it simple."
　　Talia watched as Axel walked to his desk and got a paper, and he started scribbling on it.
　　Unsure where this was going, Talia started drawing. It was an ugly bird that reminded her of the bird she drew on Damon's arm when the silly Alpha was obsessed with getting tattoos. Talia hoped that leading a pack doesn't require artistic skills because she had none. 
　　Should she take some art lessons? She would love to, only if she had time. Lack of time seemed to be an unnecessary concern considering her identity and location, but the truth was that since she met Damon, Talia was always busy and since she became the Alpha (and Luna), things only got busier.  
　　A minute later, Axel stood up with a folded paper in his hand.
　　Talia finished her bird and looked at Axel who looked at her with amusement. 
　　Without a word, Axel opened the paper to show her an identical bird to the one she had on her notepad. Talia put both drawings on the table side-by-side to confirm that even an unsightly curve in the right wing was present on both copies... or was it on both originals?
　　Talia gaped at Axel. She thought that it was an ability to see from another angle or through her eyes, but he obviously drew that bird before she did.
　　"How did you know I will draw this?" Talia asked. "And how did you make it the same?" Even if he just said that it will be a bird, she would be impressed, but he actually got the details right.
　　"It's my ability", Axel said and made a dramatic pause. "I can see things that are about to happen. For the first round of questions, I saw the scene of you writing down your answers. And for these", he gestured toward two drawings on the coffee table. "I saw you drawing it. This wing wouldn't be so crooked if you didn't draw it first."
　　"Woah!", Talia said under her breath while thinking how handy that was. He can see what will happen and fix it if he doesn't like it. Or can he fix it? "What happens if you act differently from what's expected?" What if he saw her drawing that bird, but then he changed his instructions so that she draws something else?
　　Axel shook his head, indicating that he was not sure. "I can't see everything. It's almost like some things are certain that will happen. I tried impacting others to get a different outcome, but no matter what I did, what I saw, came true."
　　That was a bummer, Talia thought. Wasn't this like a curse? Axel could see bad things, and he was unable to prevent them from happening.  
　　On the other side, a future that can't be changed can be taken advantage of.  
　　"You can earn a lot of money by gambling. There is a city called Las Vegas, and you could be the money-king there."
　　Axel stifled a laugh. She had some good ideas, but… "It comes with limitations. I can see the future of the person I touch directly, and it goes only a few minutes in the future."
　　That explained the awkward hand-holding, Talia thought.
　　"Can you see your future?", she asked.
　　Axel nodded, and his expression told Talia it was not pleasant. "At first, I had so many déjà vu moments that I thought I was going crazy. It was like my world was stuttering, and I knew what will happen before it happened. It took me a while to realize what was going on and to figure out a way to turn it off."
　　Talia felt sorry for Axel. By knowing what was coming, he was robbed of enjoying the present. He was set on anticipating good things and dreading the bad ones, and the only thing he could do was wait for them to happen.
　　"Are you worried about me?" Axel asked, and Talia realized that her expression fell.
　　"Don't worry. It's not bad.", he assured her. "Yasmin said that with practice, my ability can evolve. Maybe I get to see the parts that can be changed, further into the future, and I don't need to touch people."
　　Axel seemed to be excited about this, and he looked at her like a puppy who was expecting praise.
　　"Don't worry about others. Think of it as a way that can help you prepare for the things that are coming.", Talia said. "It's a very useful ability to have. Congratulations, Axel. And thank you for sharing this with me."
　　Axel puffed his chest proudly. This was the first time for Talia to appreciate him openly. He felt like a big brother that his little sister admired.
　　"I will keep practicing, and I hope it will come in handy.", he said.
　　Axel really wanted to be useful to Talia. Since he found out that his parents were the ones who gave Talia away when she was a baby, the guilt was eating him alive, like he was the one who did it.
　　Axel spent many sleepless nights wondering how could Sophia and Isaac be such devoted parents after giving away Valerian's child. Maybe Isaac didn't feel much because Valerian was a stranger to him. However, to Sophia, Valerian was her older brother, Talia was her niece, Natalia Moonrider was an innocent baby, a member of the Midnight Guardians pack, with the blood of the Alpha in her veins, yet they abandoned her while justifying how the life of one was not important compared to the safety of the pack. 
　　The twisted thing was that their pack was not in danger at all; it was all because of Cassandra's prophecy. Anyone with half a brain would know how prophecies were not reliable, and at most they spoke about things that MIGHT happen.
　　What other despicable acts did his parents do and brush off like they were nothing?
　　Axel was touched that even after knowing the truth, Talia still wanted him to be her proxy. The truth was that if she dismissed him, he wouldn't . 
　　As the only daughter of the Valerian Moonrider, Talia was the rightful Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and she had no obligation to share that position with Axel nor to give him any benefits. She could put Sophia and Isaac in the dungeon (or execute them) and imprison Axel also because he might retaliate against Talia for punishing his parents. Instead of doing any of that, Talia was treating him as equal and allowing him to lead the pack and stay in the main house with Yasmin and... Axel finally saw what a graceful Alpha is, and he hoped that he won't disappoint her.  
　　Unaware of Axel's turbulent emotions, Talia was imagining Axel standing by her side in meetings with other Alphas, and he would mind-link her about what others were scheming. She completely forgot her initial thoughts about not using the abilities of her pack members because Axel's power was too handy to have. 
　　If Axel was with her at the Council of the Alphas, she would avoid several nasty situations, like the one when Alpha Edward kissed her hand. Even after all this time, it still felt slimy, and Talia had an urge to wash her hands.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 668 The Guardians (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 668 The Guardians (1) [Bonus chapter]
　　~ An unknown location ~
　　Three people were in a spacious room that belonged to a setting of an ancient castle with gray stone walls decorated with red and golden tapestries which hung between long and narrow windows.
　　A strip of simple red carpet extended from the heavy wooden door passing right in the middle of symmetrically arranged twenty empty chairs that stood empty, ten on each side. The red carpet was wide enough for three people to walk side-by-side without touching each other, yet it looked narrow compared to the big floor it covered to end at the edge of the elevated podium, which hosted two elegant chairs, resembling thrones fit for a king and queen.
　　Other than twenty-two chairs, there was no other furniture in the room.
　　A middle-aged man with a head full of black curly hair was sitting on the right chair that was on the elevated podium. He was Gregory Mello, the leader of the Guardians.
　　Julian was below the podium, on his knee, with his head hung low in front of Gregory.
　　Declyn stood on the side, leaning on the wall, and observing the scene of Julian apologizing (again) for failing to get a positive response from the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　If Talia could peek into this room, she would recognize Julian and Declyn as two Guardians who attended the Council of the Alphas. At that time, Julian used his real name, and Declyn introduced himself as Dex, the one who said he was in charge of the Sphere of Power.
　　"I'm sorry, but Alpha Talia is not responding. With the current approach, this is as far as I can accomplish.", Julian said.
　　"Maybe we should give her more time.", Declyn said.
　　"More time?" Gregory asked, his deep voice full of irritation echoed in the massive room. "She had plenty of time to think about meeting with us. She wanted to know more, but now it seems she changed her mind." Gregory glared at Julian. "How much did you tell her?"
　　Julian raised his gaze to meet Gregory's.
　　"I left a message that we are willing to talk."
　　"It was obviously not good enough", Gregory said in a clipped tone. "Give her more information. Show her that we are willing to share."
　　"Are we going to tell her about us?" Julian asked.
　　"Of course not.", Declyn said from the side. "Outsiders shouldn't know what we are. We are not going to change our rules because of one female."
　　Julian felt that they were unreasonable. "How can I show her that we are willing to talk without telling her anything? If I make a promise and then back out of it, her already shaky trust in us will collapse completely."
　　"We don't share with outsiders, but she won't be one for long.", Gregory said.
　　"She didn't seem willing to join us.", Julian reminded him. Talia refused them after the Council of Alphas, and her not accepting their requests for meetings was not a good sign either.
　　"That's why your job is to give her enough so that she becomes curious, then interested, and then she will be ours.", Gregory said to Julian. "Do I need to teach you how to do it?"
　　Julian wanted to protest, but he knew that it would only make Gregory snap at him. He got a mission to get a meeting with Talia, and his duty was to make it happen. It's been a long time since Gregory got so excited about a person.
　　It's not that Julian didn't think that Talia should become one of them, but over the centuries, they had many women of different backgrounds join their clan, and it didn't work out, so Julian didn't want to get his hopes up. But at the same time, he didn't dare speak against Gregory, so he bowed his head.
　　"I understand.", Julian said and left the room with heavy steps.
　　"Do you think he will succeed?", Declyn asked.
　　"Does he have a choice?" Gregory responded with a question. "Julian knows how to make things happen."
　　Declyn was not so optimistic. "Julian thinks that Alpha Talia is a na?ve girl, and it seems you are underestimating as well."
　　Gregory wondered why Declyn spoke of Talia with respect. No matter how impressive her skills were, they confirmed that she couldn't be more than a few decades old, which meant she was a youngster.
　　"And what's your opinion on the female?"  
　　"She is young, yet she had several Alphas standing behind her.", Declyn said.
　　Gregory's brows came together in obvious disapproval. "Were they trying to woo her?"
　　"No Alpha will lower himself just for wooing a female, and it's not in their nature to share. If more than one wanted her, there would be a fight, and if one of them claimed her as his, he wouldn't allow others to get so close. They seemed more submissive than seduced."
　　Gregory narrowed his eyes at Declyn. What they knew so far about Talia didn't justify that level of regard. Actually, ever since that meeting of Alphas, Declyn seemed a bit off, like he was not completely honest. Declyn and Gregory spent centuries together, and Gregory could notice the smallest changes in the behavior of his second in command.
　　"Are you hiding something?" Gregory asked.
　　"Are we back to you doubting me?", Declyn asked sourly. "I told you everything there is to say, and others confirmed my story. Why are you acting like a woman who found her husband cheating?"
　　Gregory waved impatiently. "Fine. What are you trying to say? Stop with the riddles. Why is it important how many Alphas supported her at that Council? And wasn't that meeting called by Alpha Edward in another attack on Alpha Damon?"
　　"That's exactly my point. It was between Alpha Edward and Alpha Damon, yet Alpha Talia took the spotlight. We should be careful when approaching her. Other than being powerful, Alpha Talia also has allies. Her appearance at the Council broke the equilibrium between generations. For the first time, I saw youngsters outsmarting the old wolves, and they did that by gathering around a female Alpha. Instead of claiming her, they respected her. I believe that we are about to witness significant changes in the upcoming years. If we act rashly, we might offend more than just one pack."
　　Gregory sneered in annoyance. There was a time when everyone trembled in front of them, yet now they needed to exercise caution around impulse-driven creatures like werewolves. The Guardians' powers were diminishing over time, and their reputation followed. Damn it!
　　"You talk about caution, yet I see opportunities. We can use the older Alphas to pressure Talia to come to us. You said that she offended Alpha Edward and Alpha Richard. Let's start with them."
　　"What's the rush?", Declyn asked.
　　"I would like her to join us before she meets her mate."
　　"Do you think that the Midnight Guardians pack allowed a new Alpha to take over without awakening her powers? For that, she needed her mate."
　　Gregory's temper flared. "Didn't you say that she is special? Mate is not a prerequisite for one to become the Alpha. Besides, I can't believe that she took over that pack with a mate, and we didn't get any news about it."
　　---
　　Notes:
　　See Gregory's pic in the comments.
　　Pics of Declyn and Julian are in the comments of chapter 565.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 669 The Guardians (2)
Chapter 669 The Guardians (2)
　　Based on the latest information the Guardians had, Alpha Talia was now in charge of the Midnight Guardians pack, and Axel was acting as her proxy. They also heard that Axel found his mate, a female of unknown background.  
　　They reexamined Meg's background after she appeared at the Council of the Alphas as Talia's Beta. They knew that Meghan from the Lightclaw pack became a Beta once she was mated with Beta Kai, but she was new to the Midnight Guardians pack, and new to the role of Beta, yet she got to accompany her Alpha to such an important meeting. It all hinted at the possibility that Meg's ability was something amazing, but the Guardians couldn't find out what it was.
　　Alpha Talia's background was a mystery, and there was no news about Talia's mate. The Guardians knew that she didn't have a mate by her side at her Alpha ceremony, which made Gregory hopeful that Talia was unmated.  
　　For them, getting information on the Midnight Guardians pack was tricky but not impossible.
　　"Let's send Vincent for another scouting mission."
　　Vincent was the Guardian who specialized in infiltration and disguises.  
　　"Are you hoping to find out more about Alpha Talia?", Declyn asked even though he knew the answer.
　　"Aren't you curious?" Gregory asked. "I find it hard to believe that Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac stepped down willingly for a girl who came out of nowhere. I was hoping to talk with Alpha Talia in person, but since she is not responding to our meeting summons, we need to get information in another way. Tell Vincent to approach two ex-Alphas and inquire about Alpha Talia. I want to know about her family situation and see if there is something we can use."
　　"If she has a mate, she won't join us willingly.", Declyn said.
　　Gregory didn't think that was a big deal. "Even if she has her mate, that won't stop us. It will be just an inconvenience."  
　　Gregory's main focus was on preserving their legacy and bloodline by getting powerful creatures to join their clan.
　　Even without forcing Talia into accepting one of them as her mate, it would happen eventually. Given enough time, she will be lonely, and maybe they were lucky that one of them was her mate. But this won't happen if she was mated already because once the bond was formed, the only way to break it is to either reject it willingly (which is not going to happen) or by one of the mates perishing.
　　Declyn disagreed with Gregory's approach of getting the powerful creatures on their side at any cost. Declyn was convinced that the decline of their clan was the punishment from the Moon Goddess for all atrocities they did.
　　There was a time when their kind was blessed with immense powers that allowed them to command the elements and rule over other creatures, and they did it to the point of thinking of themselves as Gods.
　　There were stories of their previous splendor, when there were thousands of them, males and females, each graced with impressive physical abilities and magical powers, and they said that reckless arrogance led to their decline.
　　Over time, females stopped bearing children, and their numbers thinned, and now there were barely a hundred of them… all males.
　　No one remembered at what point they started calling themselves 'the Guardians'.
　　The outsiders believe that 'the Guardians' is how they call themselves because they are guarding the harmony among creatures, but the Guardians themselves know that their goal is to prevent their legacy from disappearing completely.
　　Out of the one hundred Guardians in existence, most of them gave up on their identity as the Guardians and are living among humans, like humans, vowed to never use their powers, all with the hope that they would make amends and find peace.
　　That is why only about one dozen of Guardians were still present in this ancient castle that was full of silent history that spoke of their former glory.
　　Declyn didn't say anything, but Gregory knew that look. Declyn disagreed.
　　Gregory was frustrated. Sometimes, it felt like he was the only one who still cared about them as species. If it's up to others, the Guardians would disappear completely into the unwritten history, and no one would even know they existed. 
　　If they had any better ideas, Gregory would listen, but since that was not the case, Gregory had to remind Declyn, "I am the leader. As my second in command, you are my right hand. You can advise me, but if you act against my orders, I will be forced to cut off the hand that is acting on its own. Keep that in mind, and you will keep your position."
　　Declyn didn't approve the direction where Gregory led them, but he couldn't abandon this place either. Where would he go? To be lost like the other members of his clan? A long time ago, he decided to stay here and try to salvage what was left behind. It was a futile struggle, but at least it gave him something to do.
　　"Yes, my liege.", Declyn said with his head lowered while placing his open palm on his chest. His submissive posture didn't match the sarcasm in his voice. "What are your orders?"
　　"Find out about upcoming high-profile events and secure me a way to get there."
　　Declyn raised his questioning gaze. Gregory never showed interest in socializing, so Declyn knew that his leader had an ulterior motive. It took him a moment to understand. "Should I also investigate if Alpha Talia will attend them?"
　　Gregory smirked. "That's why you are my right hand. You know me well."
　　Gregory watched Declyn leaving the room, and he cursed under his breath.
　　Gregory knew he was hasty, but after hearing about what happened at the Council of the Alphas, he was eager to see Talia in person. She was a new Alpha, an unknown player, a powerful female. A desirable female.
　　He regretted not going for that Council of Alphas.
　　Why didn't he go there?
　　Gregory never liked leaving the castle because they followed rules of acting as equals in order to conceal who the leader was, and Gregory's ego couldn't stomach it when the ones below him treated him as their equal. Other than that, Gregory was wrapped in investigating opening inactive portals. Since he read a document that confirmed how some of the Guardians left to other realms, Gregory's obsession became to reactivate portals. If they could reconnect with more people of their kind, he would prove that they were not cursed, and the ones who were hiding among humans would come out.
　　Gregory looked at the room that was used for meetings. He was sitting on the main chair with twenty others in the room, ten on each side, and there was one more chair by his side; that's where his partner in ruling should be sitting, but there was no one to fill that spot.
　　Gregory was a child when his father was a ruler many centuries ago. Gregory remembered when this room was bustling with noise, every chair was occupied, and many people were standing around them… this is where important discussions were held and major decisions were made, but now it was quiet and empty. Even if he summoned every active Guardian to come, that wouldn't be enough to fill up every chair.
　　He didn't allow himself to fall into depression. They found a powerful female, and that was a good thing. Talia was a ray of light in their darkness, and Gregory was determined to bring her to this room. With any luck, she will sit on the chair next to his and lead the Guardians to another renaissance.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 670 The Guardians (3)
Chapter 670 The Guardians (3)
　　"Vin!", Declyn called the male that was idling in the lounge with his legs up on the coffee table and a wine bottle in his hand.
　　Vincent was also one of the Guardians that attended the Council of Alphas, and he was introduced as Vin. Other than indulging in fine spirits, Vincent had a gift for disguise and concealing his presence, which made him an ideal candidate for covert operations and infiltrations.
　　"Greg has another task for you."
　　Vincent frowned. "Now what? I just got back."
　　"He wants you to get in touch with ex-Alphas of the Midnight Guardians pack and see what you can find about the current Alpha."
　　Vincent clicked his tongue impatiently. He was at the Council of Alpha, so he understood that they wanted more information on Alpha Talia.
　　"Did our mighty leader find his next target?" Vincent asked, even though he knew the answer. "Do you think this one will survive?"
　　Declyn's expression didn't change, but he could feel painful knots forming in his stomach as mental images of numerous females flashed in front of his eyes; some of them were dear to him.
　　One of the reasons the Guardians' population was dwindling was because they didn't reproduce. It's not that they didn't, but they couldn't.
　　Without females of their own kind, they were forced to look for others, and Gregory was set on finding powerful females to join them for a valid reason that went beyond not diluting their powerful bloodline.
　　Human females were out of the question because they would die during gestation. The offspring of a Guardian gathers energies from nature while growing in the mother's womb. Those energies carry the lifeforce for the Guardians, yet weak creatures (like humans) will die of it. All human females carrying their offspring perished before the fetus developed enough to be able to sustain itself in the outside world.
　　Will Talia be able to carry an offspring of a Guardian? Declyn didn't have an answer to that question.
　　"Don't think about useless things.", Declyn said. "Your job is to gather information."
　　Vincent made a face. They were treating him as an errand boy, and he didn't like it. "You are asking me to infiltrate the Midnight Guardians pack. Again. Do you think it's easy like buying milk in the supermarket?"
　　The biggest weakness of the Midnight Guardians pack was that they believed they were safe as long as no one passed through that one portal they were guarding religiously.  
　　"I know it's a lot, but you are the only one who can do it. Finish that bottle, sober up, and head out. If you delay longer than that, I won't cover your ass when Greg loses it."
　　Vincent's eyebrows shot up. "How come you are letting me rest?" The Guardians were aware of different passing of time between realms, so they knew that every hour of delay was much more for the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　Declyn didn't want to explain himself. "If you want to leave right away, that's also an option." He waved like it was not important and left the lounge.
　　Why did Declyn give extra time to Vincent when Gregory was eager for information? Declyn was not sure himself.
　　It was not like him to interfere in direct orders from Gregory.
　　On the grand scale, one female more or less wouldn't change anything because they needed many, and even if they found many, it wouldn't work unless they convinced other males to return. The biggest problem was that people lost hope. Other than being cursed with no ways to reproduce, they were also cursed by a life force that was impossible to extinguish. The Guardians were immortals who lived for more centuries than they cared to remember. They saw civilizations rising and crumbling, which turned their emotions dull as they witnessed cataclysmic events like something that didn't impact them in the slightest.
　　A small voice sounded in the back of Declyn's head, telling him that they shouldn't bother Talia. Was it because it would be another failure, or because she was different? It didn't make sense, but he couldn't ignore it. At the same time, he couldn't openly defy Gregory either.
　　Declyn had a good idea of what Gregory's plan was. Since Talia doesn't know what he looks like, Gregory will attend an event in order to approach Talia with a fake identity. He will use information collected from Sophia and Isaac to his advantage, and he won't reveal that he is a Guardian unless it's necessary.  
　　Two Alphas had only one child, and that was Axel. Declyn couldn't imagine a scenario where two ex-Alphas approved of Talia becoming an Alpha instead of Axel, and that was with the assumption that they stepped down willingly. The only logical conclusion was that they were forced into giving their Alpha position to Talia. But Declyn doubted that she used tricks; if that was the case, the pack wouldn't accept her, and their intel confirmed that the pack supports her.
　　Declyn mentally replayed what happened at the Council of Alphas, and what stood out the most was Talia's impressive performance with the Sphere of Power. He never saw anything like it, and he wondered how far she would push the device if he didn't interfere.  
　　Talia handled those Alphas with confidence, making them kneel and submit while extorting large amounts of money from them, and she did it with her chin held high even though Declyn could pick up her discomfort which told him that she didn't want to be there.
　　They attacked her first, yet she didn't enjoy teaching those Alphas a lesson. Was she so kindhearted or na?ve? Maybe a bit of both.
　　Declyn was unable to forget her curious gaze filled with the innocence that revealed how she didn't see the ugliness of this world. In a way, he wanted to protect her; he saw Talia as a pure creature that shouldn't be soiled with the gory truth, and he wondered if she needed protection or if she could take care of herself.
　　When Declyn confirmed that Talia saw the runes as they suppressed the power of Alphas, Declyn was carried away with excitement he thought he was incapable of sensing again. After all, the ability to see their ancient magic didn't belong to humans, werewolves, or witches, so… how could she see it?
　　And then she injected him with something that started hazing his mind. Luckily, it didn't take much effort for Declyn to suppress the effects, and he played along in order to reveal her motives. Declyn was surprised to see that the only thing she wanted was to be left alone. So, he did that.
　　Unfortunately, now Gregory was suspecting him. The old guy always had good instincts. It's not that Gregory could really harm Declyn, but it was creating some obstacles in moving freely. When Gregory's paranoia kicked in, everyone suffered.
　　Why didn't Declyn tell other guardians that Talia could see their magic and that she tried to mess with his mind? Declyn himself didn't have an answer to that question. Talia stirred his curiosity, and he wanted to see what her next move will be.
　　After centuries of boredom, he found someone who was… interesting.
　　Declyn had no intention of warning Talia about Gregory. Besides, if she fell into Gregory's net easily, she wouldn't be worthy of Declyn's attention.
　　Declyn wondered if he should attend those events also so that he sees how Gregory will approach Talia. Will she make him crash and burn how she handled those pesky Alphas? But if Talia could see the runes, maybe she could see through their disguise magic also. If she recognizes him as Dex, his cover will be blown.
　　Ah, what to do?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 671 Back in the witches' realm (1)
Chapter 671 Back in the witches' realm (1)
　　Talia led the way through the portal with Damon. Keith and Liam were right behind them, followed by Axel, Yasmin, James, and Cornelia. At the end of this portal-traveling party were four healers, one of them was Calla, the candidate to be Oracle's successor.
　　Yasmin suggested that healers come with them because she noticed many similarities between the practices of healers from the Midnight Guardians pack and witches of the Silver Flame Coven. She was confident that they could learn from each other. In order to avoid awkward situations, they decided that the healers accompanying them this time will be females only.
　　As one of the two next Oracles, Calla wanted to meet with Cassandra and see if the old Oracle could impart her some wisdom. Remi, the second Oracle, stayed back to deal with any matters in the pack that might require her services.
　　In the realm of witches, two witches (aka guards) were idling next to the portal, and they were visibly surprised to see new faces. Talia didn't recognize them, but Yasmin and Cornelia did.
　　Two guards bowed to Cornelia submissively, and then they jumped on Yasmin to hug her.
　　James took a mental note of this difference in status and attitude.
　　Yasmin was like a schoolgirl reuniting with her classmates, while Cornelia's presence demanded respect.  His Cora was awesome!
　　James did his best to maintain eye contact with two scarcely dressed witches when looking at them. He feared that if his gaze wanders to their exposed bouncy parts, Cornelia might misunderstand.
　　Talia was sticking close to Damon and looking sternly at two witches, silently warning them that Damon was off-limits. Ah! And soon, they will be surrounded by many almost-naked females! Talia cursed internally. How did she manage to forget that witches wore only two flimsy pieces of cloth to cover their behind and crotch area?
　　Talia was pleased to feel Damon's unwavering hold around her waist, which confirmed that he had eyes only for Talia. She hoped it will stay that way, and she fought against the negativity that was swelling within her. Should she blindfold him? Or maybe she should kill any witch that dares to ogle at Damon... that would send a message to the others. Or maybe she should just send him back through the portal. That will prevent any uncontrolled violence when Talia's possessiveness hits.  
　　'Kitten?' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head through their mind-link.  
　　Talia cursed internally. She forgot that he could feel her emotions!  
　　'I will be alright', she responded. 'I was just thinking about committing a massacre if any of these women tries something funny with you.'
　　Damon chuckled. 'I love when you claim me as yours, kitten. But I assure you, there is no need for murder. I am yours and yours only.'
　　Talia nodded weakly and leaned on him. She knew she was being unreasonable.  
　　Keith and Liam used their mind link to remind each other to keep looking away from the bare breasts. They were representing the Dark Howlers pack and Alpha Talia, and they needed to behave.
　　"We will notify the high priestess of your presence", one of the two guards said, and at the wave of her hand, a nearly see-through owl appeared in the air and flew in the direction of the witches' settlement.
　　The guards told them that they should wait for a delegation of witches to come because outsiders shouldn't wander alone, and they could get lost, to what Yasmin and Cornelia protested.
　　"Are you seeing US as outsiders?" Cornelia asked angrily, and two guards shrunk.
　　"It's the orders from the high priestess.", one of them squeaked weakly.
　　Yasmin waved her hand and said playfully, "I will deal with mother. We are going."
　　And with that, Yasmin and Cornelia started walking, and others followed gingerly.
　　Axel and Talia exchanged concerned glances. The duo knew where they were going, but they didn't want to risk offending Evanora. They came here with good intentions and possibly to gain some benefits. Evanora might forgive Yasmin, who grew up defying the high priestess, but what if Evanora decides to vent her anger on them?
　　…
　　Twelve newcomers were escorted into a big receiving room that looked like someone had put a dining table in the middle of a living area that had benches, chairs, and sofas all arranged to face the center of the space. Evanora met with them there.
　　The appearance of males (Axel, Damon, James, Keith, and Liam) invoked the curiosity of witches who ended up peering into the room through doors and windows.
　　Keith and Liam saw plenty of breasts in their lives, but they feared how long they could hold on before they cracked under the pressure of all that bare flesh because witches had an appearance of young alluring women. The guard duo regretted that Sandy stayed behind with Tyler. In this situation, she would keep them grounded. Well, at least they had each other.
　　Evanora took minimal time on introductions with newcomers. She immediately arranged for Calla and three healers to go to the quarters where Cassandra was staying, and then she asked Yasmin and Cornelia to join her in the study for some witch-only updates.
　　Axel and James stood up as well. They had no intention of separating from their mates.
　　Evanora was aware of Axel, but the youngster sticking close to Cornelia was new. It took her a few long moments to accept the possibility of… "Is he your soulmate?"
　　Cornelia responded with a nod.
　　Evanora stifled a laugh. "Aren't you blessed with a young one? Good. He will last longer."
　　James stood behind Cornelia and held onto her hips. To anyone looking from the side, it appeared like James was hiding behind Cornelia, and in a way, he was.
　　James didn't approve of Evanora's tone. Why did she talk like he was some item to be used and discarded when it breaks?
　　"How long I will last, is between me and Cora.", James said.
　　Evanora's eyebrows shot up. "Interesting. As long as you don't interrupt us, you can join, James, priestess Cornelia's soulmate." Evanora spoke arrogantly with a hint of amusement in her voice.
　　The truth was that she was happy to see Yasmin and Cornelia back, and she was curious to hear what all the two witches went through. They were away for months! Everything else can wait.
　　Of course, Axel and James followed after the three witches, leaving Talia, Damon, Keith, and Liam in the receiving room.
　　"I will send someone to entertain you…", Evanora's voice drifted into the room as she walked down the hallway.
　　Witches that were peeking in stayed there, curiously observing the newcomer. It was obvious that Evanora instructed them to stay away, and Talia guessed that whoever comes to entertain them will be someone high-ranking.
　　"They left us on their own.", Keith said while looking around with a small frown on his handsome face. All those women looking at him from the outside made his skin crawl.  
　　"Don't worry about it.", Talia responded. "Someone is coming, and Evanora was eager to reunite with her daughter."
　　Talia guessed that Evanora was now hugging Yasmin and asking about her wellbeing, but she didn't want to transform into a concerned mother in front of a big audience because she needed to maintain her stern image of a High Priestess.
###Chapter 672 Malia strikes again! (A&L)
Chapter 672 Malia strikes again! (A&L)
　　Talia noticed Damon's displeasure. "What's wrong?" she asked.
　　Damon shook his head, indicating that it was nothing. He didn't want to tell her that he was disappointed because Keith and Liam didn't find their mates among all those scarcely dressed women that gathered there. Did the women need to come closer, or was Talia's mate-finding ability off?  
　　'Tell me', Talia persisted, this time through their private mind-link. Was he upset because of what Keith said? Or because Evanora left them on their own? Or…
　　"I'm sorry for being late", a breathy voice came from the side, and Talia, Damon, Keith, and Liam turned to the door to see a slender female who appeared to be in her mid-twenties. Her shoulder-length chestnut-colored hair framed her petite face, and her bare ample bosom rose and fell as she was breathing heavily.
　　"I am Amelia", she said while her gaze traveled over four faces. "The High Priestess instructed…"
　　Amelia's voice trailed, and her big brown eyes widened at the sight of a muscular young man who stared at her as possessed.
　　Talia blinked while wondering what made Amelia freeze. The witch looked like she had seen a ghost.  
　　Liam was now walking toward Amelia, his intense gaze never leaving her form. His movements were fluid, making him resemble a hunter who was stalking his prey.
　　Talia placed her palm over her chest and held it there firmly because this was fantastic. Mates!
　　Part of Talia feared that this will spark more nonsense about her nonexistent matchmaking ability, but she was happy for Liam. 
　　The scene of mates recognizing each other was familiar, always different, and absolutely breathtaking. It was such a special moment when two halves come together as one, and Talia felt tears pooling at the corners of her eyes. Happy tears.
　　Liam stopped when he was half a step away from Amelia, and he took a deep breath, his eyelids falling heavy under euphoria that was triggered by her grassy scent, which reminded him of vetiver. It was dry, earthy, woody, leathery, and smoky at the same time, stirring his memories of childhood when he was idling in the unkempt grass on a warm summer day.
　　Amelia's scent invoked in Liam emotions of being carefree and mischievous, and just how he cherished those long-forgotten memories, he knew that from this moment onward, he will cherish the woman in front of him. She was his home.
　　"I am Liam", he said.
　　"Amelia", she said while blinking rapidly, her cheeks growing increasingly red as his proximity flustered her. She never felt anything like it, but she was confident that the man in front of her was her soulmate. And he was smoking hot.
　　Liam raised his hand and brushed Amelia's cheek with the back of his curled fingers; the electric current generated at the point of contact sent shivers through his body, and he wanted to touch her more, much more than what he just did. He wanted all of her.
　　"Mine", Liam growled. Tangible possessiveness radiated from him in waves, a powerful display that a werewolf would exhibit only toward his mate.
　　Amelia's smile reflected in her eyes as she reached to hold his hand, and then she turned and walked away with Liam right behind her.
　　In the receiving room… crickets.
　　Only a few days back, Keith saw Sandy and Tyler recognizing each other as mates; there was kissing and talking and congratulations, and then the couple went to seek solitude, yet Liam left without a word. Actually, he said his name and declared her as his, and that was it. And now he was on his way to have sex. Keith never saw anything so... quick.  
　　Keith was the first one to make noise by clearing his throat. "Should we ask the high priestess to send someone else to accompany us?"
　　"Definitely", Damon said. Another unmated female so that Keith can get his mate also, and then Damon won't worry about the measly coach getting any funny ideas about Talia.
　　"Woah!" Talia exclaimed when she gathered her wits. "Liam found his mate!" She looked at Damon with excitement sparkling in her eyes. "Do you know what this means?"
　　Yes! It means that Liam was on his way to having sex, and lots of it! But Damon guessed that Talia's question was not related to sex, so he asked, "What does it mean?"
　　"The Dark Howlers pack just got a witch.", Talia said meaningfully.
　　Damon realized that she was right. As an added bonus, considering that Evanora entrusted Amelia to entertain them without other witches, it pointed to the possibility that Amelia had a high rank, which meant more power, more knowledge, and more benefits for the Dark Howlers pack.
　　Keith's insides tightened when he saw Damon looking at him sternly. Now what?
　　"Why don't you go and walk around? Maybe your mate is here.", Damon said.
　　Keith couldn't believe this. Was Damon sending him away to find a woman? It's not that Keith had anything against women. All witches he saw so far were easy on the eyes, but… Talia was right there! No matter what, Keith didn't want Talia to think badly of him.
　　Keith shifted uncomfortably in his seat before responding to Damon, "Respectfully, I need to refuse. I came here to guard Alpha Talia and to represent our pack. It's my first time here. Wandering on my own can be seen as inappropriate and disrespectful."
　　Before Damon could force Keith out to chase women, Talia interjected. "I agree with Keith on this one."
　　Damon frowned at Talia. Did she talk against him in front of others?
　　Talia took Damon's hand into hers and gave him a squeeze while trying to pacify her grumpy Alpha, "Witches are friendly but unpredictable. This is their realm, and we need to practice caution. If we act out of line, I am confident that they won't miss the opportunity to take advantage of the situation."
　　Talia remembered the whole mate-for-a-mate deal, and her discomfort swelled. What if the witches wanted to take Damon away from her? How would she survive if that happened?
　　Damon could see Talia's mood dropping, and he was quick to wrap his arms around her.
　　"Fine, fine", Damon said with urgency while patting her back and wondering what's got into her. He wanted to reprimand her, but how could he do that when she was pitiful to the point of showing her weakness in front of the measly coach?
　　Damon exhaled helplessly and kissed the top of Talia's head. His lips rested there as he spoke into her hair, "You were here before, and you know witches the best, so we will follow what you say. We will stick together unless they make other arrangements."
　　Talia fisted Damon's shirt. "No matter what, don't leave my side."
　　"I have no intention of leaving you.", Damon assured her.
　　Talia turned her head to look at Keith. "And you, be careful. Witches are full of tricks. Don't let them swindle you into becoming their breeding stud."
　　Keith had no idea how to respond to this other than, "I will be careful." Did Talia say, breeding stud? What the hell was this place?
　　Keith looked around to meet numerous eyes of witches trained on him, and he saw curiosity and hunger, which made his hair stand on ends. Suddenly, Keith wanted to go home.  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 673 Back in the witches' realm (2)
Chapter 673 Back in the witches' realm (2)
　　Talia told Keith that in this realm, they will meet witches who were scarcely dressed females. She also warned him that he shouldn't underestimate them because they have powers and magic, but there was no mention of them exploiting men.
　　Actually, Keith had nothing against sex. He was gifted below the waist, had enviable stamina with a libido to match it, and witches were attractive females, so it's not like they needed to force him into intimacy.
　　But the words 'breeding stud' made him uncomfortable as he imagined himself being tied up spreadeagled on the bed as females took turns on him until they sucked him dry.  
　　He didn't want Talia to think that he would enjoy such a thing because he was not aroused at the thought of women waiting in line in order to ride him. Nope. Nope. He was not aroused… OK. Maybe a little bit.
　　Keith exhaled a sharp breath while trying to stabilize his emotions, and he wished that Sandy was there. Sandy's spunk and no-nonsense attitude would distract him and keep those witches at bay. Lulu would be useful also, but he left her behind when she refused to take the blood oath. Actually, Keith had a grudge against Lulu since she made a move on him in the hospital and spoke venomous words when he rejected her.
　　The reality was that any thoughts about Sandy or Lulu were useless because neither of the two was in this realm.
　　Keith was on his own, feeling numerous heated gazes on him, and he wished that there was a safe word or an exit strategy because he couldn't allow himself to succumb under that suffocating pressure that a throng of sexually curious witches was creating.
　　And Damon wanted to send Keith out there on his own! Was Damon set on getting rid of Keith? Was that why Damon allowed Keith to be Talia's guard and to tag along?
　　A sense of insecurity crept into Keith's bones, and he wanted a hug. But Talia and Damon were there, already hugging each other. Joining them was not an option; Keith had no intention of hugging Damon, and if he asked Talia for a hug, Damon would grant him a painful death without a grave.
　　…
　　After some time, Evanora returned to the receiving room with Yasmin, Axel, Cornelia, and James.
　　Evanora looked around to see their backpacks.
　　"Didn't you go to your rooms?", Evanora asked, and before anyone could answer, she asked her next question, "Where is Amelia?" The witch had a task to show them to their rooms and help them settle. Sure, Amelia was in the middle of an important experiment, but it shouldn't take this long. Or did Amelia forget? 
　　After Cornelia left the Coven, Amelia became the next high-ranking witch after Evanora, and Evanora entrusted her with the task of keeping the newcomers busy.
　　Talia responded with a knowing smile, "Amelia was here, and then she left. Liam is missing as well."
　　Yasmin was the first one to understand, "They are mates!" Yasmin clapped excitedly. "I'm sure that Amy already took him to her room." And everyone knew why Amelia would take Liam to her room.
　　James made a face. Liam just met Amelia, and they were already going at it, and here was James, sticking to Cornelia for days with little to no progress.
　　Sure, Cornelia was not pushing him away, and James loved her proximity, but he wanted to introduce Cornelia to all the joys his joystick could provide, and then he would mark her, and that's that. She would be his, forever.
　　For that, James needed a new plan because he felt that she will slip through his unless he did something drastic. But what other tactic can he try? He needed help.
　　Talking to guys about winning over a woman was a dead end.
　　Talia was the next best candidate as the most reliable and least malicious female around. Unfortunately, it was obvious that Talia was clueless about courting, so James dismissed her as a person who should give him relationship advice.
　　There was also Evanora, but James had a feeling that the old witch will give him more problems than solutions. Something about her smelled of trickery, and James didn't want to get entangled with her.
　　James looked at Yasmin while firming his resolve to talk to her about figuring out how to win over Cornelia. He was willing to try using magic if needed. Anything goes in love and war.
　　Yasmin knew about witches and about Cornelia, and she looked genuinely interested in getting Cornelia mated. She was the perfect person to help him, but James questioned her maturity. Cornelia told him that Jasmin is more than three hundred years old (it was an estimate because witches don't really track time how humans do), but the young witch was bouncing around like an overexcited toddler most of the time.
　　"This is a great opportunity to arrange a feast!" Yasmin exclaimed and looked at Evanora expectantly. "Can we? Amelia and Cornelia both found their mates, and I have news to share also…" She put her hands on her belly, and Axel was right behind her, and his hands landed over Yasmin's.
　　Evanora's eyes widened in slow motion as the information sank in. "You are… I will be…"
　　Yasmin smiled brightly. "You will be a grandmother. We are expecting twins."
　　Evanora swayed visibly, and Cornelia was quick to grab her hand and help the high priestess to sit.
　　"Aren't you happy?" Yasmin asked sadly. She expected various reactions, mostly squealing congratulations with plenty of hugs, but Evanora looked like she was about to collapse.
　　Evanora needed a few moments to compose herself. "Happy? Shocked is the expression. You just got mated…" Her voice trailed, and she glared at Axel. "You… you… beast! She is so young! Why did you tie her up in motherhood!? I should have known. I would keep your balls here so that you can't impregnate her…"
　　Axel put his hand over his crotch area protectively, and he gave it a little squeeze to ensure all his parts were still there. Surely, the old witch was joking. Right? RIGHT!?
　　His nugget sack will be staying right where it is, between his legs and not an inch further. His future children are in there!
　　Axel didn't know how to respond to Evanora's meltdown, and the only good thing was that Yasmin was not sad anymore.
　　Yasmin was smiling and leaning on him, like Evanora was wishing them an eternity of happiness.
　　"Mother, don't talk like he forced me", Yasmin said when Evanora paused her shouting in order to inhale.
　　"It's his fault", Evanora said. "Werewolves are selfish and inconsiderate, only thinking about their impulses." Her eyes fell on James. "Maybe we should castrate this one before he does any damage."
　　James' eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. If he knew that castration was included in his visit to the realm of witches, he would reconsider.
　　"No!"
　　James was startled at the sound of Cornelia's protest. She stood in front of him protectively while facing Evanora.
　　"I understand that you are shocked by all these sudden changes, but you can't act rashly.", Cornelia said. "James is my soulmate, and if anyone wants to harm him, they will need to go through me."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 674 Back in the witches' realm (3)
Chapter 674 Back in the witches' realm (3)
　　At the extraordinary scene of Cornelia standing up for James in front of Evanora, James' chest swelled with pride. 
　　The air sizzled with hostility as Evanora disapproved of Cornelia's insubordination while Cornelia defended James fiercely, and James could swear that his chocolate-colored Goddess became more enchanting. 
　　James really wanted to scoop Cornelia into his arms, take her to a room, mark her, and make love to her until the end of time. But they didn't have a room, and the mood was not right, and they never did it, so James knew that the most he could do and stay within boundaries of what was acceptable, was to admire her silently.
　　It's not that Cornelia was only protecting him, but she was also claiming him as hers! The only thing that could make this better would be if he was the one doing the protecting, but Evanora was scary, and Cornelia was still talking.
　　"I'm sure that Yasmin feels the same about Axel. If you can't accept the reality without carnage, take as much time as you need to sort out your thoughts. But if you keep on threatening our soulmates, we will resist and you will force us to leave. Is that what you want?"
　　Evanora sneered. "Do you think you can leave just because you want to?"
　　Intense silence filled the room as everyone wondered if they heard Evanora right. Even witches observing the scene from outside didn't move a muscle.  
　　'CLAP!'
　　Yasmin clapped loudly, getting everyone's attention.
　　"OK. OK. Let's not escalate this into something we will all regret.", Yasmin said, this time, she was serious. "Mother, I agree with Cornelia. Things are the way they are, we all know that you don't want to antagonize me or your next ranked witch, and if you need time to accept the reality, take it. In the meantime, we will plan for a feast. How about tomorrow evening?"  
　　"What ceremony!?", Evanora hissed. "You are pregnant and you should rest."
　　Yasmin was having none of it. "I'm just fine. Actually, I believe that my babies are increasing my energy as I feel like I could move mountains and run for hours without breaking a sweat. What's a little party organizing compared to that?"
　　"Don't be reckless. We should check your body.", Evanora grumbled.
　　"Didn't you hear me? I. AM. FINE.", Yasmin said with finality of a Luna. "I just came here and you first bombard me with questions, and then you want me to stay put? This is not why I returned home, mother." Yasmin's tone softened. "Besides, my mate arranged for regular checkups with healers, and the pregnancy is progressing well. I'm not opposed to you confirming my condition, but we will do it later."
　　Talia listened to this banter, visibly relaxed at the thought that they won't end up imprisoned here. The last thing she wanted was a war with witches.
　　She admired Yasmin who managed to divert an upcoming calamity and go back to talking about a feast.  
　　Talia remembered the feast when she visited the last time. She was helping in the kitchen, and the celebration was focused on Axel and Yasmin. At that time, Talia was on her own, but now Damon was here as well, and she wanted him to see the magic of silvery flames dancing, and who knows… maybe Evanora would conduct a ceremony for them as well. 
　　Considering the messy situation that waited for them in the human realm, Talia had a feeling that she will need all blessings and magical powerups she can get.
　　…
　　In one of the rooms on the second floor…
　　Liam and Amelia stood in the middle of the room, facing each other, with only a few inches of space between them.
　　Neither of them spoke a word since they came here. There was no need to say anything.
　　They could clearly feel each other's emotions through the mate bond that was getting stronger by the second.
　　Passion. Curiosity. Love.
　　Liam found it fascinating that he felt so much love and craving for the woman who was standing in front of him, and he knew only her scent and her name, Amelia. He wondered if she had a nickname, but then… it didn't matter. Nothing mattered other than the fact that she was his mate, his other half. He was the one who will make him complete, settle down, and start a family. Family.  
　　Damn! His crotch area was painfully tight as he was ready to pump his pups into the little woman who made his heart race in the beat of her name. Amelia.
　　Liam observed Amelia's delicate facial features, and no matter how much he stared into her adorable nose or sparkly brown eyes, he couldn't find a single flaw. She was perfect.
　　Liam's Adam's apple bobbed as his eyes traveled over her full breasts that were round and perky, and he knew that she held her breath as she could feel his gaze caressing her flesh. She had only a small fabric hanging from a string at her waist level, to cover her crotch area, and Liam thought how that fabric was too much, but at the same time, he wished that she wore more clothes because her almost-naked form was driving him to the point of madness, and he struggled not to jump on her like a sexually deprived savage.
　　What if she was not willing? No, no… he dispelled that thought. She was definitely willing, he could sense her emotions and he knew that she wanted him.
　　However, Talia told them how witches lived in this realm for centuries without any males, so Liam guessed that he should take this slow. How slow? He was not sure.
　　Amelia stared at the handsome specimen in front of her while anticipation bubbled inside her and making her a nervous wreck. She hoped that he didn't notice her emotional state because she wanted to appear confident.
　　Her gaze moved over his chiseled facial features several times, and she knew them by heart already.
　　Liam had broad shoulders, and even though his long-sleeved shirt covered his torso, Amelia knew that there was plenty of muscle under that fabric. But her attention gravitated toward the bulge in his crotch area. She knew what it was, but she wanted to see it without jeans covering it. Why did he wear so much clothes?
　　Amelia lifted her hand to her chest level, and then rotated her index finger.
　　Liam's eyebrows shoot up when he noticed streaks of silvery light forming there. The light moved around him, and he felt a slight breeze.
　　'POF!'
　　It was a soft sound, and Liam gaped at what used to be his clothes. Threads and tatters flew in every direction like a clothes-destroying bomb exploded with him at the center.
　　Liam definitely didn't expect anything like this. His little witch undressed him completely! Did this mean that he could forget about going slow? Or did she just want to remove his clothes and make them equal because she was technically naked?
　　Amelia observed his confusion as he looked around and at himself, and she panicked. Did she overdo it? Was that not allowed?
　　"Sorry if it was…"
　　"It's fine.", he interrupted her. He had spare clothes in his backpack and if they were about to do what mates normally do, he won't need clothes as long as he stays here.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 675 Liam's vetiver (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 675 Liam's vetiver (1) [Bonus chapter]
　　Liam licked his lips slowly, and he loved that Amelia's eyes were trained on that small movement.
　　Amelia was flustered. Witches practiced controlling the energies around them and embracing everything as nature provided, which included naked bodies also. Still, centuries of diligent training didn't prepare her for the way Liam impacted the air around him. He didn't do it on purpose. It was his presence that radiated power and danger, and Amelia's insides shook at the thought that the handsome naked male in front of her was her other half. Hers.
　　It was obvious that he was deadly and even though she knew he wouldn't harm her, she reminded herself to act with caution.
　　Liam tilted his head sideways, and somehow Amelia guessed that he had given her permission to check him out.
　　Her eyes moved slowly over his bare form, and her attention was inevitably drawn to the numerous tattoos that decorated his torso. She wondered what stories were hiding behind each picture etched into his delicious-looking flesh.  
　　Liam puffed his chest and flexed his muscles to give her a better view.  
　　Amelia's curiosity was obvious as she slowly circled around him to see the art on his back, but she ended up staring at his perfect ass. It looked firm, and she wondered if it would be OK to touch it. She decided to hold off on that, and her legs continued carrying her around Liam.
　　Her eyes widened at the sight of his impressive cock that stood in attention.
　　Her mouth became dry, and her lips as well, and now it was her turn to lick her lips.
　　Liam watched her tongue darting, the pink glistening temptation spreading its wetness, silently inviting him to kiss her there, and he couldn't hold back anymore.
　　Liam touched Amelia's chin, tipping her head up to look at him.
　　"Amelia", he called. "Do you accept me as your mate?"
　　Liam had to ask because he could sense his reasoning slipping. His wolf was going crazy, and it was becoming increasingly difficult to fight the urges to merge with her in every way possible.
　　The only thing he needed was to hear that she was willing.
　　"Yes.", she said, and in the next moment, his lips descended on hers.
　　Liam groaned when their lips connected, electric sparks shooting into his brain and then the rest of his body, making him alert and numb at the same time. It was surreal.
　　He had kissed many women before, and none of those came close to what he was experiencing right at that moment. Kissing his mate was beyond fantastic!
　　Amelia's eyes sprang open as far as they went, and it took her a few long seconds to relax.
　　As soon as he felt Amelia responding to his kiss, Liam's arms gathered her against him as he deepened the kiss, her breasts pressed on his chest, and it was the best feeling ever.
　　His hand shifted lower on her back for his fingers to trace the curve of her spine, and he loved the way she trembled in his embrace. She was responding to him beautifully.  
　　Liam's brows came together when he touched the string that held the fabric which covered her private parts.
　　With a small tug, the string gave in, and they were both completely naked.
　　Amelia was lost in Liam's presence which enveloped her completely. It was masculine, soothing, and protective, and she wished to meld into him because his firm body pressing against her soft one was a perfect contrast and she really wanted more of it.
　　Amelia had no recollection of being carried to bed, but she remembered her whole body twitching as she gasped for air while Liam feasted on her breasts and his hot palms fervently caressed her body.
　　With every stroke of Liam's tongue against hers, Amelia relaxed more, her anxiousness dissipating to be replaced by devotion and arousal, and she became lightheaded.
　　Amelia wondered, was she always this sensitive? She was not a newbie to the pleasures of the flesh. Amelia was never with a man; however, females can engage in petting and stimulating in a group setting, and she touched herself many times before, but this… this was different.
　　It was like the tips of his fingers were charged with the power to set her body ablaze.
　　Was it because Liam was a man? Or was it because he was HER man? It didn't matter.
　　Liam handled her with confidence, and his every caress confirmed it was not his first time, which made Amelia wonder how many women experienced his intimate embrace. The desire to kill Liam's exes swelled within Amelia because she wanted to be Liam's only one. At the same time, she loved that he knew what he was doing.
　　"Liam?" She called; her voice came out breathy.
　　"Hmm?"
　　Amelia felt the vibration of his questionable hum on her flesh, just above her navel, where he was kissing, licking, and nibbling while moving lower slowly like he was examining every inch of her body with his lips.
　　"How many?" She asked.
　　He stopped moving and looked at her with confusion obvious on his face.
　　"How many women you had?" She clarified.
　　Liam's eyes narrowed when he realized that she was asking him about his exes. What the heck? How did that happen?
　　He crawled up her body until their noses touched, and her determined gaze told him that she won't back away from this easily.
　　"I don't know", he said.
　　Amelia was disappointed but mostly jealous of women she had never met. She heard how Yasmin was Axel's first, and even though books mention the licentious nature of werewolves, Amelia still hoped that Liam didn't indulge in carnal pleasures with others.
　　"That many?" She asked while looking away as her heart ached when she thought of another possibility. "Do you have a woman waiting for you in your realm?" Will he leave her for that woman? Or will he want to keep them both? Soulmate or not, Amelia was not willing to share her soulmate.
　　She cursed internally for not clarifying these things in advance.
　　Amelia put her hands on his shoulders and tried to push him away, but Liam didn't budge.
　　He took her right hand into his and kissed the inside of her palm. That gentle press didn't match the awkward atmosphere between them, which also didn't go well with the fact that they were completely naked.
　　Liam continued holding her right wrist after keeping her arm above her head, and then he repeated the same with her left hand.
　　Amelia didn't try to pull her hands out, but she didn't look at him either.
　　Liam released a long breath that splashed on her cheek.
　　"I don't know how many because from the moment I saw you, everything disappeared.", he said, and his stomach dropped at the sight of Amelia, who pressed her lips into a line. She didn't believe him.
　　"Look at me.", Liam growled, annoyance seeping out of him. They were naked on the bed, and it went well, but then she got some funny ideas that shouldn't be there when they were only minutes away from coitus. Ah, if he knew this would happen, he wouldn't spend so much time on foreplay!
　　But Amelia's mood was off, and he needed to assure her of his sincerity because she was not some random hookup; she was his mate, and mates were forever unless a calamity happened.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 676 Liam's vetiver (2)
Chapter 676 Liam's vetiver (2)
　　Liam waited for Amelia's apprehensive gaze to meet his before saying, "I don't want to talk about my past, but I can promise that right now, it's only you, and it will be only you in the future. When we return to the Dark Howlers pack, you can ask my brothers and my friends to confirm that you are the first female I brought home."
　　"Your brothers?" She asked. Evanora told them that werewolves live in packs, but they don't call other pack members brothers and sisters unless they are blood-related.
　　"Three of them. We are close, and they know everything about me."
　　"Won't they lie for you?"
　　Well, Liam couldn't deny this. Liam and his brothers were tight, and if one of them was in trouble, the other ones would commit murder and hide the body without any questions asked. Lying was nothing compared to that. But he was confident that his brothers will dote on Amelia. After all, Liam was the last one of the four to find his mate, so his brothers (and their mates) will look at Amelia like a treasure. However, Liam had a feeling that if he told her that, she wouldn't believe him, so he decided to keep it short.
　　"When you meet them, you can make a decision about their character."
　　Liam placed a light kiss on her lips, and he frowned when she didn't kiss him back. "I am not playing, Amelia. The Moon Goddess made us mates for a reason." He pecked her lips again. "It's only you." His next kiss met her stiff lips, and he pushed down the irritation that mixed with helplessness. He found his mate, and they should be all over each other. Why did he need to grovel now? He didn't do anything bad!
　　"Amelia", Liam called while searching her eyes for an opening for him to get in and crumble those insecurities… and then it hit him: she was insecure. Silly witch.
　　Liam realized that this required a different approach.
　　As much as the timing for a conversation was off (and he was not much of a talker anyway), Liam reminded himself that Amelia was a witch, and she was sensing their bond differently. He heard about James' troubles. Based on that, Amelia could feel the attraction, but it was not to the point of a done-deal how Liam was experiencing it. He needed to assure her that she was THE one for him and that he won't betray their bond.
　　"I have no choice but to love you.", he said.
　　"Why?" She asked, and Liam felt that this was progress because her tone was less clipped.
　　"Because you are made for me. You are everything I ever wanted."
　　Amelia thought how that was a bunch of rubbish. He didn't know anything about her. "Really? Why don't you tell me about it?"
　　"I know that you are smart and hardworking. You love lilac and coffee, and this here…" Liam caressed the spot under her armpit, grazing the side of her breast, and she gasped. He smirked victoriously. "…that right there is a sensitive spot that turns you on."
　　Amelia was irritated by his confidence. Was he playing with her? "And what makes you think you are right about any of those?"
　　"You analyze the situation and ask for explanations, even in a situation like this one." He glanced down to make a point that they were both naked. "The scent lingering in your hair tells me that you were working on a potion before we met, and you would probably still be there if Evanora didn't tell you to accompany guests. There is a painting of lilacs on your wall and fresh lilac in the vase, as for the spot…" He chuckled when he caressed that sensitive area again, and she squirmed under his touch.
　　Amelia realized that Liam was not an airhead. He was observant and analytical, and it made sense except for one thing. How can he say that she loves coffee when… "I never drank coffee." Witches drink herbal teas.
　　"You will love it.", Liam said without missing a beat.
　　"What makes you think so?"
　　"Because we are mates, Amelia. We love the same things because we love each other, and I love coffee, and I love you. You can ask me for a thousand reasons why I love you, and I will give you a thousand and one, but none will explain this burning desire to be with you, to touch you, to make you happy. We feel the same, and once I mark you and the bond between us solidifies, you will be able to sense my emotions and my sincerity."
　　He nuzzled her nose with his and continued. "I can't wait to take you home. Everyone will be jealous because my mate is the most beautiful woman in the world. I will show you around proudly and beat up any guy who dares to look at you wrongly. Every night you will collapse to sleep after screaming my name, and I will wake you up in the morning with breakfast; it will be my special scrambled eggs with toast and coffee. I will spoil you, and you will allow me to do it."
　　Liam pecked her lips again, and he smiled because her lips moved in response.  Yes! Liam scores!
　　He wanted to kiss her again, but Amelia tilted her head to avoid him. He wondered if he imagined that she kissed him back, but then he heard her speak.
　　"Promise me that I will be the only woman in your life, and you won't look at any other female."  
　　Liam's brows came together. "That... I can't promise."
　　"What?" Amelia hissed and started wiggling under him. But his body pressed on hers, his legs were entangled with hers, his hold on her wrists was solid, and she couldn't budge. Amelia groaned in frustration. Should she buzz him with magic? But no matter how angry she was, she didn't want to hurt him. Not unless it was necessary.
　　"How dare you…?"
　　He swallowed the rest of her question with a kiss. It was supposed to be a gentle kiss, or maybe a passionate one, but she bit him, and the sharp pain which came with metallic taste told him that she drew blood, but he didn't pull back.
　　"Daughter", he spoke into her lips.
　　Amelia's eyes widened in shock, and she forgot how to breathe. She imagined women, mistresses, maybe even a wife or a harem, but… a child?
　　Amelia was not sure how to deal with that. Can she raise a child of her mate if she was not the mother?
　　"You have a daughter?"
　　Liam smiled bitterly. "I might. I mean, we will unless all our pups are boys. I come from a large family, and I always thought that when I find my mate, we would have a bunch of pups. I will love them all equally, boys and girls, so I can't promise you that I won't look at other females because I won't neglect our daughters."
　　Amelia frowned at him. "You were ambiguous on purpose."
　　Liam didn't deny it. "I love to see you jealous. It means you don't want to share me, and I feel the same about you."
　　Her eyes landed on his lips which were red because he was bleeding. The stream of red disappeared in his neatly trimmed beard that was making his sharp jawline more prominent. But the guilt she felt for hurting him spoiled the joy of his handsome visual.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 677 Liam's vetiver (3)
Chapter 677 Liam's vetiver (3)
　　"I hurt you.", Amelia said to Liam.
　　She bit him in anger, causing his lip to bleed, and she regretted it now.
　　Liam wanted to say how it was not a big deal, but then he changed his mind.
　　"It hurts", he said pitifully. "How are you going to make it up to me?"
　　"Uhm… I can administer first aid.", she said.
　　Liam refused. "Not necessary. My body heals quickly."
　　"How can I make it up to you then? How about I give you something?" Amelia glanced around the room. "I don't have much."
　　Liam looked at the silly woman under him. "You have the most precious thing in the world. Give me your heart and I will be a happy man."
　　Amelia blinked when she realized that he was talking about her love. But... didn't she love him already?  
　　"This is new for both of us", he said. "Don't think that I have an advantage here because my insides are trembling at the thought that I won't be able to make you happy. Will our lives be perfect? I don't know. Will I disappoint you? I hope not, but it could happen. A lot of things are uncertain, but I am confident that I won't give up on us, and the only thing I will ever ask from you is that you don't give up on me."
　　Amelia's heart melted because she could sense his sincerity. And he was insecure. The outrageously handsome and powerful werewolf was naked on top of her (equally naked body), and he was afraid that she will reject him. Was she thinking of rejecting him? Absolutely not.
　　"I won't give up on us, Liam", she said. "Let's do this."
　　Liam felt like a big burden fell off his chest, but he still felt that she was reserved. He wanted to give her another push, one that would get her further from her safety zone and straight into his arms so that he could protect her. He wanted her body, mind, and soul. It was important.
　　"Are you sure?" He asked.
　　"Absolutely." She assured him.
　　"Mates are forever. You won't be able to back out."
　　"I won't."
　　"Prove it.", Liam challenged her.
　　Amelia was at a loss. How can she prove such a thing? Well, there was one move she could try. She lifted her head how much their position allowed (because he was still holding her hands above her head), and she pecked his lips, once, twice… and she was happy that he kissed her back, but he didn't lower himself to make kissing easier. Actually, she hoped that he will take the lead because she didn't really know what to do.
　　"Take me, Liam", she said. Her cheeks were crimson now from embarrassment and arousal. "Mark me as yours."
　　Liam's eyes flashed, and he dove for a fervent kiss full of need because his gorgeous mate asked him to mark her!
　　He had no intention of delaying the inevitable and allowing for another opportunity to complicate things. Just the thought of claiming Amelia as his made Liam hard to the point of aching.  
　　He released her wrists so that he can caress her properly and her hands moved to hold onto his muscular back that was decorated with numerous tattoos. His body was a work of art, and Amelia was confident that she will get to appreciate Liam's magnificent visual for the years to come.
　　Liam growled when his hand ventured to the cradle of her thighs to feel how wet she was. For him.
　　He positioned himself between her legs and caressed her hip, and she gasped into the kiss when she felt the pressure increasing.
　　Liam didn't stop his flurry of kisses nor his steady advances into her depths. He was on a mission to claim her, and he had no intention of pausing until it was over.
　　A sharp pain told her that they crossed the point of no return, but the way he held her firmly while keeping his caresses gentle told her that it will be alright.
　　"FUCK!" Liam cursed loudly when he got in all the way. No pussy ever gripped his cock in such a way, and the sparks igniting his body made the whole experience mind-blowing.
　　This was it, merging with mate, and it was so much better than he imagined it would be.
　　The thought of him ever doing such a thing with another woman was unacceptable, and the thought of her doing this with another man was driving him insane.
　　"You are mine… mine…" Liam growled lowly while rocking into her.
　　Amelia's scent of vetiver mixed with the lilac that was in the vase, reminding him of carefree days, and the scent of her arousal added Amelia into the memory, changing it forever. Liam's mental image of a boy relaxing in the grass on a sunny day transformed into a grownup Liam with Amelia; they were in the grass, kissing and caressing while relishing each other's presence and creating their own definition of happiness.
　　Amelia held onto Liam with all her might because the whole room was spinning, but she was not afraid because Liam was there to anchor her.
　　He licked and kissed her everywhere his mouth reached, eventually moving to the base of her neck.
　　She wanted to kiss him and caress him in return, but her body was not responding to the commands of her brain. She was completely at his mercy while her body moved on an instinct to match the rhythm his set.
　　Amelia moaned when he squeezed her hip and increased the pace of his thrusts, and she bit her lower lip to suppress the embarrassing sounds.
　　There was a change of angle, and his cock pushed against the spot that made her see stars in front of her closed eyes.
　　"That's it…" He murmured between kisses. "Let it out… Let me hear you… Look at me…"
　　Amelia opened her eyes, and through her haze, she could see his disheveled appearance. When did her hands end up in his hair? She was not sure because the pressure in the pit of her stomach was increasing, and her jaw fell open slack in a silent cry when she felt the scorching pain in her neck.
　　The heat of his venom spread through her veins, and she tensed as an orgasm hit her full force.
　　Liam growled while pumping himself into her without releasing her neck, and Amelia was confident that she will pass out from the overload of senses, but she didn't.
　　Amelia was surprised by the clarity that enveloped her. It was like when the mist disperses under the morning sun, and everything becomes brighter and sharper.
　　She could clearly feel his cock throbbing inside her as he filled her up with his hot seed, how he held her waist firmly, the moment when his venom reached the tips of her toes that were curled to the point of hurting, her insides jolting in the aftershocks of her orgasm… she never felt anything like it, and it all came with the addictive scent of lilac. The sweet aroma was everywhere, and it took her a moment to realize that it was coming from Liam. Even his sweat carried a lilac scent. It was her favorite. How come she didn't pick that up before?
　　Liam retracted his fangs, and he licked the spot where he bit Amelia, to help her heal. He loved the way she twitched under him to the rhythm his tongue set.
　　He lifted his head to look at her flushed face that was glowing in the aftermath of their mind-blowing sex. She was the one. His mate. Claimed and marked and absolutely perfect.
　　The mark was still fresh, but Liam could feel the bond forming and allowing him to peek into her emotions. She was dazed, amazed, and mostly happy.
　　Liam captured her lips with his, and he inhaled her shaky sigh when he resumed rocking into her. Did she think that once will be enough?
　　Amelia didn't know much about Liam other than his name, that he had three brothers and many friends, and that no woman waited for him in his realm. He had no children, and he wanted many, with her. He said that he wanted to make her happy, with a promise of sex every night and breakfast in the morning. He loved drinking coffee and he said that she will love it too. He knew how to set her body ablaze, and there was a strange sense of belonging that increased with his every thrust and every kiss... actually, she knew quite a bit of things about him.
　　Liam was her soulmate, her other half, and that was more than enough to relax and enjoy the pleasures of flesh her smoking-hot mate was providing. And he said that it will last forever.
　　---
　　You can find a pic of Liam and Amelia in the comments.  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 678 A divine message for Keith (1)
Chapter 678 A divine message for Keith (1)
　　Keith was sitting on a chair in the corner of a room that looked like a lab from a horror movie.  
　　Numerous shelves filled the walls with jars and vials of different colors. He could swear that some of those jars had contents that moved, but he was warned not to touch anything if he wanted to stay there, so he sat there obediently.
　　In the middle of the room was a medium-sized table. Cassandra, Calla, and three other healers from the Midnight Guardians pack were sitting around that table and talking about some things Keith was not interested in.
　　He overheard Calla expressing her desire to be the next Oracle, together with a healer called Remi, but Cassandra denied that request immediately with, "I am the Oracle of the Midnight Guardians pack, and I have no intention of retiring. Unless Alpha Talia removes me from my position, it won't happen. Besides, how can you be an Oracle when you are not receiving divine messages?"
　　Calla was visibly flustered. "Divine messages?"
　　Cassandra snorted arrogantly. "I am the Oracle because I receive divine messages, not because someone gave me the title. Even if you call yourself the Oracle, you will never be one for real."
　　Calla nodded in understanding. "I didn't mean to take over your position as the Oracle, but in your absence, we need someone to conduct ceremonies and such. Alpha Talia approved for Remi and me to share those duties."
　　"That's a different thing, then", Cassandra said. "You can call yourself main healers, or shamans, or make up a name, but unless you are blessed to be an Oracle, you calling yourself as such will be just an empty title."
　　Calla had to agree with this. It was logical. Cassandra performed her duties for such a long time, they associated everything with the Oracle.
　　After that, the conversation became livelier, with them picking the right title and defining the duties of each role. Calla and the other three healers had many questions ready about the different ceremonies and things that Cassandra would normally do, and she answered their questions patiently.
　　Keith observed the old Oracle while suppressing his urge to snap her neck. He knew that Damon was under the influence of dark magic because of her, and Keith still clearly remembered how Damon manhandled Talia on the evening of the pack run. If Cassandra succeeded, Damon would forget about his mate, and he would probably be crippled, and that meant the whole Dark Howlers pack would be at the mercy of other Alphas who would want a piece of the Dark Howlers pack. How can Keith not wish to punish the Oracle for such a heinous act?
　　But she was alive, and that meant Talia and Damon had a reason not to kill her. What was that reason? Keith was not sure. Maybe it was something that only Alphas should know.  
　　It was obvious that Keith hated Cassandra, so why was he in this room? Because no other place was safe.
　　Liam was busy with his newly found mate (aka Amelia), Axel and James were sticking to their witches, Talia didn't need Keith's protection when Damon was around, and Keith was finding it increasingly difficult to watch them being lovey-dovey.
　　Keith knew that he had no right to claim Talia in any way, and he had no right to be jealous either, but he couldn't help it. In order to prevent himself from making the obvious mistake of provoking Damon, Keith decided to find another place to idle.
　　Ah, he thought that this would be exploring the new realm while valiantly defending Talia, yet he ended up holding a candle to mated couples no matter where he looked.
　　With witches' burning gazes on him, Keith decided to go to his room with the intention to rest.
　　Unfortunately, witches would find a reason to disturb him every few minutes. They would knock on the door of his room, offering snacks and drinks, to show him the fountain and the library, and even massages.
　　Keith wondered what was wrong with him. If this was before, he would take advantage of all those witches, or at least of a few of them. But how could he indulge in pleasures when his mission included Talia? What if an emergency happened, and he was balls deep in a woman? He wouldn't be able to look Talia in the eyes ever again.
　　Desperate for a safe place, Keith remembered four healers who came with them. They were from the Midnight Guardians pack, fully clothed, and they wouldn't try anything funny because they were saving themselves for their mates.
　　And that's how Keith found himself in this lab, spacing out while contemplating his life choices.
　　Keith felt like he merged with the chair he was sitting on, and he became furniture. A sad ending for someone with a promising future. He remembered how he was excelling in academics, and he proved himself as a worthy warrior; he became a coach and started a lucrative business of protein shakes, and… now he was sitting in a room with five females and being ignored.
　　Keith was startled out of his depression when the door opened for a witch to peek in. He thought she was looking for him, but after glancing around the room, she left without a word. It wouldn't be strange if the same thing didn't happen four times already. Was she looking for something or someone? Keith thought that it made more sense to think that she was waiting for someone.
　　What he didn't know was that witches were keeping a close eye on Cassandra; it's not that they were monitoring Oracle's every move, but now that people from the Midnight Guardians pack were visiting, witches wanted to remind Cassandra why she was there.
　　Cassandra stayed behind after making an unclear deal that resulted in the potion to dispel dark magic temporarily.
　　Cassandra's life with witches was not an easy one. It all started with testing the potion that was intended for Damon. However, in order to check if the potion works, witches re-created the ceremony that Cassandra did to suppress Damon's power. The pain was excruciating. And the worst thing was that they did it more than once.
　　After Cassandra regained consciousness, they clarified the terms of the deal. Cassandra was hungry for knowledge. However, since she was not a part of the Coven, the witches refused to teach her directly, but they allowed Cassandra to observe and learn on her own. In exchange, they got to use her for testing non-lethal spells and potions. Non-lethal didn't mean that Cassandra didn't suffer, but the proud Oracle would never admit that she ended up with the short end of the stick.  
　　Keith noticed that Cassandra would glance at him occasionally. Did she notice his hostility?
　　After an unknown measure of time, Cassandra left the table where four healers were engaged in a discussion, and she approached Keith.
　　"You are Alpha Talia's guard, right?" She asked.
　　Keith confirmed. "Her head guard."
　　"I hope we can have a word."
　　As much as Keith was withering away from boredom, he didn't like that Cassandra was gesturing toward the door, obviously asking him to step out. There were witches out there! On top of that, the woman in front of him was the one who dared to act against Alpha Damon. Who knew what she would do to Keith?
　　"Where do you want us to go?" Keith asked without getting up.
　　"To find privacy", Cassandra responded.
　　That's it!, Keith thought. She was definitely up to no good. Will she perform a ritual to harm his wolf? Or maybe to brainwash him? Anything was possible. He eyed her top-to-bottom in search of a weapon or a potion, but he couldn't find anything. Maybe she was luring him into another area where a bunch of witches was waiting. Is that why the other witch would peek in once in a while? Was she reminding Cassandra that Keith needs to be offered as a sacrifice?
　　He should snap her neck right now, just to be safe, and he can explain it to Talia later. But this was a different realm with many witches, and if he acted rashly, he might bring trouble for Talia.
　　"Is privacy necessary?", Keith asked warily. "Why don't you tell me what you want."
　　"I am Cassandra, the Oracle of the Midnight Guardians pack", she said with her chin lifted up. "I have a divine message for you from the Moon Goddess."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 679 A divine message for Keith (2)
Chapter 679 A divine message for Keith (2)
　　Keith was about to call out Cassandra's bluff. Did she really expect him to believe that the Moon Goddess sent a message to Keith? But then he saw that four healers were not on the chairs around the table anymore. They were on their knees, facing Cassandra, with their heads lowered. Were they part of this show?
　　Calla glanced at Keith nervously. "It's an honor to receive a divine message from the Oracle.", Calla said with an urgent whisper. "You should get on your knees and thank her, and not…"
　　"It's OK", Cassandra interrupted Calla, and then she turned to Keith. "Do you want to hear it or not? Your life will depend on it."
　　Keith was not used to this theatrical behavior. Wasn't the kneeling too much?
　　"A message from the Moon Goddess, for me?" Keith asked suspiciously. "Just a minute ago, you asked me if I'm Alpha Talia's guard. You don't even know my name."
　　"I don't need to know your name in order to know you are the one.", Cassandra said with confidence. "This is not only about your life but about Alpha Talia's as well."
　　Keith considered his options. He didn't care about insulting Oracle, but if he refused, it might appear that he was afraid. As Talia's guard, he shouldn't be afraid. The biggest thing was that she mentioned how this was related to Talia's safety, and he needed to hear her out even if it was a trap.
　　Keith stood up. "Lead the way."
　　…
　　Cassandra and Keith entered a room that was much smaller than the one he got as a guest. There was one bed, one table, a chair, and a dresser. The way Cassandra searched through the pile of papers told him that this was her bedroom.
　　"What is this about?" He asked.
　　"Take a seat", she responded without looking at him.
　　"I will rather stand."
　　"This might take a while."
　　Between the chair and the bed, Keith opted to sit on the chair.
　　"Here it is", Cassandra said victoriously while straightening one sheet of yellowish paper before giving it to Keith.
　　Keith took the paper, and his eyebrows shot up when he saw a rough sketch of a male. It was not perfect, but that was definitely Keith.
　　"What is this? Did you see me before?" Keith asked.
　　"That is the image I got in my vision.", Cassandra responded. "When I saw you enter the lab today, I thought you looked familiar, and then I remembered from where."
　　Keith shifted uncomfortably. This was getting weird. Was that why she was glancing at him while healers were asking her questions?
　　The Dark Howlers pack didn't have an Oracle, but Keith heard stories about Oracles, people blessed with Gods talking to them in riddles. Cassandra said that she had a message from the Moon Goddess for Keith. That might be nonsense to get him to walk into a trap, but how could he explain the sketch?
　　"Tell me about it.", Keith said while gesturing at the sketch.
　　Cassandra smirked victoriously, knowing that she got his attention. She sat on the bed and looked at him seriously.
　　"Your fortune is tied to Alpha Talia's.", Cassandra said. "By protecting her, you are protecting yourself."
　　Keith was not blinking nor breathing while waiting for more, but there was nothing.
　　"What else?" He asked.
　　"That's it.", Cassandra said. "I can convey to you the message meant for you. Anything beyond it is my interpretation, and it can impact your path negatively."
　　Keith couldn't believe this. Sure, by protecting Talia, Keith was protecting himself because if he failed, Damon would slice Keith into a million pieces and then glue him together only to slice him again. But what was that about tied fortunes?
　　"What does that mean?"
　　Cassandra shrugged. "It's not my job to interpret prophecies. I only tell them to the people involved."
　　Cassandra was about to stand up, but Keith lifted his arms, indicating to her not to move.
　　"There must be more.", Keith insisted. "You can't tell me this much and leave me hanging. Is she in danger?" It was a stupid question. He knew very well that Talia was in danger. "Who wants to harm her? When?"
　　Cassandra exhaled through her nose in annoyance. "I am not the person with answers to those questions."
　　"But you must know something."
　　"If you want to know more, ask your wolf."
　　Now Keith was confident that Cassandra was missing a few screws. "My wolf? Will he give me a letter or learn how to talk?"
　　"You are attracted to Alpha Talia.", Cassandra deadpanned, and Keith froze. 
　　How the hell did she know that?
　　Cassandra smirked. "Your wolf knows that your fate is tied to Alpha Talia's. If anything happens to her, you will never be happy. Your wolf can't talk, but he is telling you things. You just need to listen."
　　Cassandra stood up and walked to the dresser, where she rummaged through the top drawer.
　　"Here…"
　　Keith turned to see that Cassandra was giving him a necklace. It had a pendant made out of white crystal.
　　"Wear this", she said. "It will come in handy in your time of need."
　　Keith accepted the necklace robotically, still in shock from Cassandra knowing about his crush on Talia. He would assume that Cassandra saw Keith gaping at Talia, but the thing was that Cassandra didn't see him before at all, so… how did she know?
　　"You can stay here as long as you want.", Cassandra said, and Keith saw that she was at the door, ready to leave, but then she turned to him with, "I will send someone to fetch you when it's mealtime. Until then, witches won't know you are here, so they won't harass you."
　　Keith wanted to thank her, but he was still skeptical. "This necklace is not my style. Why would I wear it?"
　　"Think of it as a charm. It will protect you from bad things."
　　"Like?" Keith persisted.
　　Cassandra released a long breath, obviously irritated by Keith's distrust. "It will repel magic attack directed at you. Once."
　　Keith cocked an eyebrow. "If this is so handy to have, as Alpha Talia's guard, I should give it to her."
　　"This one is for you. Trust me", Cassandra said with finality. 
　　For a reason he couldn't explain, Keith believed her, but he still had to ask, "Why are you doing this?"
　　"Because my fate is tied to Alpha Talia's", Cassandra said. "I need you to protect her well."
　　Keith realized that Cassandra had some expectations of Talia. "Do you think that Alpha Talia will do anything for you after what you did to her mate?"
　　"What was done can't be fixed. I am paying for my decisions. Don't worry about me and focus on protecting your Alpha. And don't forget to wear…" She pointed at the necklace Keith was holding, and then she left the room.
　　Keith stared at the closed door while processing Cassandra's words.  
　　He finally got a clue about why he was attracted to a woman that was not his mate. Their fortunes were tied together, and his wolf knew more about it.
　　But how was Keith supposed to communicate with his wolf?
　　Wolves are creatures driven by instincts. Did that mean Keith should allow his instincts to take over when he was with Talia? Even in his head, that sounded suicidal because he could see himself getting too close, only for Damon to give him a magnificent death.
　　Cassandra also said that Keith needed to protect Talia, and that was something he would do anyway.
　　As for the necklace… It can't hurt to carry it around, can it?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 680 Negotiating with Cornelia
Chapter 680 Negotiating with Cornelia
　　In Cornelia's room, Cornelia was tidying up her desk under James's watchful eyes that never left her.
　　Her room was spacious enough to allow for a queen-size bed, a work area with a desk and a chair, a sitting area with a sofa and a coffee table, a comfy-looking chaise under the window, and plenty of space between those to move about.
　　James observed that Cornelia's room had everything to make it cozy without being cluttered, but the best thing  was that it carried the scent of wild berries that were sweet with just a pinch of tartness, James' favorite.
　　After a day with the witches, they had dinner, and James finally got his chance for some privacy with Cornelia. 
　　Being in her room was like he got a peek into her past, something private; it was special.  
　　The only thing that could make this better would be if she got within the touching distance, and they did the naughty, but James understood that her wearing a t-shirt and shorts when all witches were nearly naked (not that James really looked) was a sign that Cornelia was not ready for that final step.
　　It was like a knife in his heart. His own mate was not embracing him. Was this how the Moon Goddess punished him because he was a fraud?
　　Cornelia glanced at James, and her eyes flashed with excitement when their gazes met. Her chocolate-colored skin covered most of the blush that invaded her cheeks, but James was familiar with those subtle changes, which told him that his presence was impacting her, so he still had hope that they will make progress.
　　Cornelia kept the papers on the desk and moved to sit next to James on the sofa.
　　"What do you think about this place?" Cornelia asked.
　　"It smells like you. Sweet and seductive wild berries." He licked his lips and inched toward her. "And I want to eat them all."
　　James was delighted that Cornelia leaned into him to respond to his kisses, and the way she held onto him was the best thing ever. Too bad that was as far as it went.
　　James knew that he shouldn't be greedy. This should be good enough, and if he pushes too hard, it might backfire. But he couldn't stop himself from wanting more. Why would the Moon Goddess allow him to cross paths with his mate if he couldn't claim her as his?
　　He was aware that he didn't feel the bond fully, but that didn't mean his desire for her was not maddening.
　　"Cora," James called, his breath splashed on her lips. "I want you to do the ritual to boost my wolf."
　　Cornelia's eyebrows came together in obvious disapproval. "Did you talk to Yasmin?"
　　He wanted to deny it, but he didn't want to lie. How can he tell her that he had a chat with Yasmin, who already knew about that option and that Cornelia was against it? Yasmin quickly suggested knocking out Cornelia so she won't interfere with the ritual, and Yasmin would boost James' wolf, and then… he was not sure what would be next, but he knew that Yasmin was serious.
　　James couldn't admit to any of it without getting into trouble, so he dodged answering Cornelia's question by asking, "Will she do the ritual?"
　　"Not if you ask me."
　　James exhaled in frustration. He knew that Cornelia didn't approve. There were risks, and she didn't want to put him in danger, but he hated their current situation. "Cora, we are stuck in a stalemate. I don't want to part from you, and I know that you feel the same. Unfortunately, without me feeling the bond, you are reluctant to…"
　　"How will feeling the bond change things?" Cornelia asked him. "Will that help you deal with your father? Will that give you the strength to protect me? Or will that make you stay here? We could stay here. Your father will never find you."
　　James' conscience forced him to shake his head. "I would love to stay and forget everything in the human realm, but I can't. If I don't return, my father will use that as a reason to act against the Dark Howlers pack, and the consequences will be unimaginable." Actually, he could imagine the carnage and Alpha Edward not caring about the casualties as long as he could get the power and territory he craved for.  
　　"So, why would you risk going through the ritual if it won't solve the practical problems we are facing?" Cornelia asked.
　　"It would give me the taste of how it is to feel the bond, and it will assure you that we are soulmates. With that, you won't doubt my sincerity and…"
　　"Enough, James.", Cornelia interrupted him, her tone more sad than angry. "This is not about me doubting you because I don't. I know that your feelings for me are true, but I also know that you are not ready. Would you ask me to go through the ritual if you knew that it could cripple me?"
　　She put her hand on his cheek, and he leaned into her palm.
　　"There are no benefits big enough to justify you getting hurt. I don't want you to get hurt. I won't allow it."
　　James knew she was right. He couldn't stay with witches forever, so he had to ask, "Will you consider coming with me to the Red Moon pack?"
　　"What about your father? I assume I won't be welcome as your mate. Do you expect me to hide in the closet, and you will sneak food for me so I don't starve? How long can we keep that going on until someone finds me? We both know that the most practical thing is that we separate. You want to be with me, I want to be with you, and our desires match. However, that doesn't rationalize a decision for any of us to get into serious trouble. What if your father imprisons me? Did you forget the story where witches are used for breeding? Will you be fine if my presence is exposed? How will you protect me?"
　　James' heart cracked. He hated that he didn't have an Alpha aura, a strong one like Alpha Damon. He would use it to fight off anyone who dared to endanger Cornelia, and he would protect her and keep her safe by his side.  But he didn't have that damned aura, and he needed to work with what he had.
　　"Let's not think about this as all or nothing.", he said with all the seriousness in the world. "There must be a way for us to be together without risking our lives."
　　"How?" She asked.
　　James knew that she couldn't stay in the packhouse of the Red Moon pack. If they hide the fact she is his mate, Cornelia will be treated worse than Omega, and if Alpha Edward gets a whiff of Cornelia's identity, she will probably face even worse. 
　　James remembered when Dawn and George offered for Cornelia to stay with them. Was that offer still valid? Maybe they could work with that.
　　James regretted that George and Dawn were not here with them because he wanted to discuss that option in more detail. Until then… "We will figure out something."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 681 Planning for ceremonies
Chapter 681 Planning for ceremonies
　　The second day with witches passed quickly.
　　Other than talking with Evanora and Axel about portal use, Talia and Damon strolled through the area, and Damon got to see the Silver Flame fountain in person.
　　Damon observed the statue that depicted a female and a wolf standing next to each other while reaching up to the skies. The silvery flame danced where the female's hand and wolf's paw connected. 
　　Damon was familiar with the scene because Talia shared her memories with him, and he thought how it was strange since this was obviously his first time here, yet he had a feeling of familiarity, like a déjà vu. It was from the time when he didn't feel the bond, and he left her behind. She came here, desperate to find a cure for his condition, and he just left.  
　　"What's going on?" Talia asked Damon when she noticed that his mood was off.
　　His smile didn't reach his eyes which were full of sadness. The memory Talia shared with him about this place was with Yasmin and Axel having their ceremony as mates, and Damon had so many regrets about it.
　　"You've been through so much because of me, without me," he said.
　　Talia hugged him and buried her face into his chest. She loved that his arms moved around her naturally, but… "You need to stop doing this to yourself, Damon."
　　Damon tightened his hold on her and buried his face in her hair, but he didn't respond.
　　Talia thought that she was prone to depression, but the more time she spent with Damon, the more she realized how hard he was on himself.
　　Part of her was glad that she got to see this vulnerable side of Damon. That was only for her to see, but she also wanted to make it better. She could fight off enemies and punish anyone who talks smack about Damon, but how can she fight his inner demons?
　　"We are together now, and that's what it counts.", she said.
　　Damon knew she was right, but he still felt guilty. Will he ever be able to make it up to her? He was determined to spend the rest of his life trying.
　　He lifted his head to meet her gaze and promised, "I will give you the best Luna ceremony ever."
　　Talia poked his chest with her index finger. "Who needs a flashy ceremony? Even if you get the most popular band and cover everything in gold and shiny jewels, do you think that will be enough?"
　　Damon's eyebrows shoot up. She wanted more than that? He was ready! "What will be enough?" He would hear her wishes and give her more than that.
　　Talia grinned. "A lifetime with you."
　　Damon looked at her helplessly. He was ready to agree to whatever she wanted, yet she only wanted him. 
　　She was Natalia Moonrider, the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, with an ancient wolf for her spirit. Many knew her as Talia, her friends called her Lia, but only Damon was aware of how fantastic she was. Talia was his mate, his kitten, his everything. She was modest, and he loved it, but he wanted to dote on her and spoil her rotten because only when she was happy due to something he did, the ghosts from the past would shrink.
　　"You already have me, kitten. All my days are yours." He licked his lips nervously. "About your Luna ceremony…"
　　"Don't let us interrupt you," Evanora's melodious voice came from the side.
　　Talia and Damon both looked in that direction to see Evanora and two more witches approaching them.
　　"We are here to finalize details related to tonight's ceremonies in the fountain.", Evanora explained. "We thought of waiting for your moment to end, so we don't spoil it, but it didn't seem you will move on anytime soon, and we have time constraints."
　　"We understand," Talia responded.
　　Damon wondered if Talia realized that she leaned into him and that her hold on him tightened. It was a silent claim on him, and she did it every time unknown witches were in the visual range. 
　　"What are you planning for?", Talia asked. 
　　"Mated couples will go when the moon is high. We have Amelia's and Cornelia's union to celebrate. As for Yasmin and Axel, we will do their ceremony at dawn. Blessings to new life are the best when done at the moment a new day is born..."
　　Talia thought how that was fantastic. Everyone gets blessings, but she wanted one also. She waited for Evanora to finish her speech before asking, "About that… Do you think that Damon and I can participate?"
　　"As a mated couple, do you want to go separately or together with others?", Evanora responded with a question.
　　Talia was pleasantly surprised that Evanora agreed so easily. "We can? Really?"
　　Evanora cocked an eyebrow at her. "Without you opening the portal, none of the ceremonies planned for tonight would be possible. Besides, you reignited the flames of our fountain. How can I refuse?"
　　Talia looked eagerly at Damon. "What do you think?"
　　Damon looked at the silly woman who reignited his whole life. "Any is fine."
　　"You heard my mate.", Talia said to Evanora. "Any is fine, so we will leave it up to you."
　　Seeing that Evanora was in the mood to fulfill requests, Talia asked, "Can we talk about what's needed to create a new portal?"
　　Evanora's expression stiffened. "Let's talk about it some other day."
　　Talia took that as a 'no'. 
　　Talia didn't get it. Every talk they had so far was fine, but on a few occasions when Talia mentioned creating a new portal, Evanora would dodge the topic. 
　　Talia made sure they were aware of the convenience to have a portal connecting the Silver Flame Coven with the Dark Howlers pack. Amelia was mated to Liam, and a direct portal would allow Amelia to visit her sisters anytime she wants while avoiding the hassle (and exposure) by going through the portal that connects to the Midnight Guardians pack territory.
　　Talia wanted to use the favor Evanora owed her so that they create the portal, but how can she bring up that favor if Evanora doesn't want to talk about it at all?
　　"Mother!" Yasmin called breathily while running toward them.
　　Evanora's eyes flashed with fierce disapproval. "What's wrong with you!? Why can't you walk slowly? What will happen if you trip? Even if you don't think about yourself, think about your children!"
　　"Sorry, sorry," Yasmin said with haste. 
　　Two witches shrunk when Evanora snapped, but Yasmin smiled brightly. Yasmin saw this as her mother's concern. Evanora never coddled Yasmin, but Yasmin knew that under that harsh tone, Evanora meant well.  
　　"I heard that you are planning the union ceremonies, and I didn't want to miss it.", Yasmin said.
　　Evanora gestured toward Talia and Damon. "Talia and her mate want to participate."
　　"Oh, good!" Yasmin exclaimed. She was a ball of energy. "With that, we will have three couples. Let's make every ceremony unique, just how they are…" It was obvious that Yasmin had something on her mind.
　　Damon put his arm around Talia's shoulders and pulled slightly so that she would move with him. "Let's go back to our room. We should rest because we have a long night ahead of us."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 682 Dodging a beneficial proposal
Chapter 682 Dodging a beneficial proposal
　　Talia and Damon reached their room, each immersed in their own thoughts.
　　Talia plopped on the bed and stared at the ceiling.
　　Damon laid next to her sideways and propped his head on his elbow. He loved observing her in silence, but he knew that she had many things going on in her head.
　　Talia turned to look at him. "Why is Evanora avoiding to talk about a new portal?"
　　"If you noticed, why are you persistent?"
　　"She is dodging to discuss a proposal that's obviously beneficial for both sides. I want to know why."
　　Damon would love to know why also, but… "Sometimes we need to accept the rejection without understanding the reasons of the other side."
　　Talia puffed her cheeks in annoyance. Was Damon siding with the moody witch? No, that was not the case.
　　Or did Evanora want to swindle another shady deal? That was a possibility.  
　　Talia would be fine letting it go if it was not important.
　　"New portal would be much more than just connecting us with witches. We could make portals in Max's territory and Cristian's."
　　Damon chuckled. His mate had big plans. "You don't need to convince me, kitten. But don't make it sound like we are paralyzed without portals. Didn't you say that if it's within the same realm, we could use teleportation magic that requires only a diagram and a few chants?"
　　Well, he was right about it, but… "For teleportation magic, we also need a witch. If we have portals, anyone could use them."
　　"Maybe that's the problem."
　　Talia didn't get it. "What do you mean?"
　　"I'm just guessing here, but hear me out," Damon started with a disclaimer. "Evanora might be reluctant to get another portal opened because she fears what might come out of it. Yasmin is mated to Axel, so that gives Evanora a sense of security that the Midnight Guardians pack won't turn hostile. At the same time, the Midnight Guardians pack is a filter for outsiders who are forced to pass through there because it's the only way to reach witches. You see another portal as a convenient way to travel, but Evanora sees it as pandora's box."
　　Talia needed a moment to process Damon's words. "We can use that."
　　"We can?"
　　"Just as the Midnight Guardians pack won't be hostile because Yasmin and Axel are mates, the Silver Flame Coven is now connected to the Dark Howlers pack. Amelia and Liam are mates, and with the portal placed in the territory of the Dark Howlers pack, we will definitely secure it."
　　Damon didn't want to break Talia's optimistic bubble, but he had to.
　　"Don't dismiss the fact that Yasmin and Amelia are not the same. Yasmin is Evanora's daughter, and Axel is high in the hierarchy of the Midnight Guardians pack with only one above him." Damon gave Talia a knowing look. "On the other side, Liam is just a guard, while Amelia is just a witch."
　　"You want to say that Liam and Amelia are disposable."
　　"I know you see everyone like a family, kitten, but you need to accept that not everyone is the same. When Evanora is weighing her options, she is thinking from her point of view, and I can't say that I disagree."
　　Talia couldn't believe this. "If we are responsible for endangering witches, Amelia won't approve, which means that Liam won't either. Will you really put them in such a bad situation where they need to pick a side?"
　　"Not if I could help it, but…" Damon's voice trailed when he realized that Talia was frowning at him. He loved that she wanted everyone to be happy, but he needed to remind her how that was not always an option. "What if someone is keeping me as a hostage in exchange for access to the portal? What would you do if you receive my severed finger? You can't ignore that the Midnight Guardians pack is in a realm of its own, while the Dark Howlers pack is surrounded by many other packs and creatures. If we have a portal in our territory, it will be only a matter of time before others find out, no matter how tightly we guard that information."
　　Damon thought that he discouraged Talia, but she looked at him stubbornly. "If safety is the reason why Evanora doesn't want to talk about it, then we need to warn her that there are other portals, some that she might be unaware of."
　　It took Damon a moment to process where Talia was going with it. "You are talking about those strange energies in the lake that Axel showed." They didn't talk about it with Evanora, yet.
　　Talia confirmed. "And the ones in the lake next to Darkbourne."
　　"We don't know if those are portals.", Damon reminded her.
　　"True, but they could be. My point is that unless one knows about the portal or stumbles on it accidentally, those things could be there."
　　Damon looked at Talia for a few long moments and then he started laughing.
　　"What's funny?", Talia asked.
　　Damon shook his head at the silly female. "You will approach Evanora with an argument how opening one portal is not a security concern because there might be many others she is not aware of. I would like to see how that goes."
　　Talia pouted. "You will. Tomorrow." She looked at him dejectedly because he was laughing again. "If you won't support me, at least don't mock me."
　　Damon clamped his mouth shut, but his shoulders were still shaking. He couldn't help it. She was so innocent and adorable.
　　Talia couldn't look at him anymore. His eyes were tearing up!
　　She pushed herself off the bed, but before she got her bearing, Damon grabbed her arm and tugged her back on the bed.
　　"Let me go!", Talia hissed while wiggling under him.
　　"No."
　　Talia wiggled a bit more in an attempt to escape his grasp, but no matter what she did, Damon blocked her movements with ease. She narrowed her eyes dangerously. "You want to hold me here so that you can laugh at me?"
　　"I'm not laughing at you."
　　"Why are you laughing then?"
　　"You make me happy."
　　All Talia's hostility sizzled away within a second. She made him happy. She liked that.
　　"You make me happy as well", Talia said dreamily as her arms snaked around his torso.
　　Damon was quick to find her lips and kiss her deeply. Talia couldn't believe that even after kissing him a million times (or more), her toes curled when he captured her tongue with his lips while letting her feel his teeth.
　　Talia couldn't deny that Damon was a great kisser. He skillfully used his lips, tongue, and teeth to set the pace with suction and pressure, and within a minute, Talia was breathing heavily while tugging on his shirt. She would rip it into shreds, but they were in the realm of witches with only a few changes of clothes, and she didn't want him to run out of garments.
　　Damon smiled into the kiss when Talia started working on the buttons of his jeans impatiently. His kitten was eager to feel him, and he approved. This was exactly the vacation he was hoping for.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 683 Preparing for the sacred ceremony
Chapter 683 Preparing for the sacred ceremony
　　Four witches came into Talia's and Damon's room before the feast.
　　They carried ceremonial garments for both Talia and Damon, a basket of small white flowers, and containers that held golden paste. That reminded Talia of Axel's and Yasmin's appearances during their ceremony at the fountain, especially Axel whose body was completely exposed (except for his precious parts).
　　Damon and Talia were both excited about the ceremony, neither aware of the incoming conflicting emotions (jealousy, possessiveness) that will fill the rest of the evening.
　　Talia wanted to have a ceremony, but she didn't approve of Damon's delicious body being on display for witches to see. But can it be a proper ceremony if he was covered up?
　　It was a tough choice, but Damon looked only at her, like bare-breasted witches were not in the room, so she allowed it. For now.
　　Damon went on the side to change into the skimpy garment which was actually just a string holding two strips of clothing to cover his firm ass and the crotch area.
　　The moment he stepped back into the room, Talia's eyes flashed in admiration and approval, but a second later she remembered witches in the room, and Talia glared at them while telling them how that's her mate and they shouldn't stare at him.
　　Damon obviously didn't mind the lack of clothing, and he was amused by the way Talia was protective of his body, but his mood worsened when he got to see Talia wearing her outfit for the ceremony.
　　Talia had an inch-wide silvery strip over her breasts to cover her nipples, but even the tiniest bikini would provide more coverage.
　　Damon wished that Talia could put more fabric on her flesh, because Axel, Liam, James, and Keith were there. Axel and Liam were mated, James was too young, so only Keith was a real problem, but Damon would beat any guy into a pulp if he looked at Talia; being mated or young didn't provide immunity from Damon's wrath.
　　Talia used every ounce of her control not to rip those witches into pieces as they prepared them for the ceremony.
　　Damon was standing with his arms spread while two witches drew intricate symbols with golden shimmering paste over his chest, back, and legs. Yes, they used brushes, but it was still too close!
　　The other two witches were working on Talia, but she didn't notice it at all because all her attention was on two females that were within the touching distance of her mate.
　　Once the golden designs were done, both Damon and Talia got to sit on chairs while witches braided white flowers into their hair. Actually, only Talia got braids because Damon's hair was not long enough. For him, witches used the golden paste as a hair gel, and they twisted strands of his hair while sticking flowers in there.
　　In Talia's opinion, getting ready was dragging like it lasted forever, but eventually, it was done, and the witches left their room with a reminder that most of the witches are already at the feast.
　　Damon stood up from the chair and posed in front of a mirror, occasionally throwing glances at Talia to make sure her eyes were on him. He knew that he looked good and that his mate approved.
　　Talia admired Damon's muscular body that was decorated with golden designs. With flowers in his hair that shimmered in golden, he looked like a statue of some ancient deity.
　　Even without decorations, Damon was a dreamboat, but she had a problem with his outfit. The fabric was light, and Talia knew that if Damon gets hard, that flimsy thing will go up, for everyone to see Damon's assets. Can she allow him to step out of the room like that? There are so many witches out there!
　　Damon noticed where Talia was frowning.
　　"That's yours, kitten", Damon said with amusement in his voice. "All of this" He gestured at himself. "Is yours only."
　　"I know. I'm concerned that the fabric will move and… you know."
　　Damon chuckled. He could say the same thing about her, but Damon knew that he had more moving parts.
　　He came up with an idea.
　　"When we are at the table, it won't be a problem, and when we are standing, I will be right behind you. How does that sound?"
　　Talia cocked an eyebrow at him. "You want to poke me from behind."
　　"Only if I get aroused."
　　"How about you don't get aroused?"
　　"I can't promise that because my sexy mate will be right next to me. You look edible and the only thing I want to do is…", Damon started thrusting his hips suggestively while wiggling his eyebrows at her.
　　Talia burst into giggles. He was outrageous and handsome, and nearly naked, and hers. Completely hers.
　　…
　　In another room, Amelia and Liam were wearing ceremonial clothes that covered their private parts below the waist. They had golden symbols written over their bodies and flowers in their hair.
　　Liam couldn't peel his eyes off his adorable mate, and he released low growls whenever another female got too close which made painting symbols on him difficult because witches were scared of him.
　　"Are you alright?", Amelia asked when they were finally alone in the room.
　　He was quick to walk to her and pull her into his embrace. "I am now."
　　Amelia liked the fact that Liam disapproved of her sisters being close to him, but… "Will you be so hostile toward everyone?"
　　"Never toward you, as for others…" Liam stretched his neck in an attempt to release some of his tension. "I don't think so."
　　"You are not sure."
　　He couldn't deny that part. All this was new, and he was adapting, and he wished that he had another few days (or a few weeks) of solitude with Amelia because his hunger for her didn't diminish, not even a little bit. They were going at it for a full day, and other than giving her a few hours to sleep (while he watched her), and breaks to clean up and eat the food that was left at their door, Liam was in Amelia. Literally. But it was not enough. Actually, it seemed like he wanted her more. 
　　"It will take me some time to get used to this", he said. "The bond is affecting me in ways I couldn't predict. It's like an insatiable urge to be with you, and everyone else is unwanted."
　　He realized that he was selfish. This was not only about him.
　　Liam touched the left side of her shoulder close to the pink mark was turning darker. Soon, the pattern will be distinguishable. His mark.
　　"Does it hurt?", he asked.
　　"No", she assured him.
　　"If you don't feel well, tell me."
　　"I'm not in pain, but…" She paused while picking her words. "I feel different."
　　"How different?"
　　"It's like my connection with nature is strengthened. My senses are sharper." And he smelled of lilac. How was that possible?
　　Liam smiled at her dreamily. "The bond solidifies after marking, making us stronger. The fact that you can feel the difference means it's working."
　　"Do you feel different?", she asked.
　　"I feel like I can run laps around Earth, and move mountains, and fuck you senseless until the end of my days."
　　Amelia's cheeks turned crimson. She didn't expect those outrageous words to come out of his delicious mouth.
　　Liam chuckled and leaned to kiss her lips, but Amelia wiggled out of his embrace before he could deepen the kiss.
　　"We should get going.", Amelia said while avoiding to look at him. She knew that he disapproved, and he wanted more, and she feared that if she looks at him, she will give in, and then they won't go to the feast at all. "People are waiting for us. The sacred ceremony will bless our union."
　　Liam puffed his cheeks. "We can't go now."
　　Amelia met his gaze. "Why?"
　　Liam looked down helplessly.
　　Amelia's eyes widened when she saw that Liam's erection lifted the fabric that was covering his crotch area. Well, that might be a problem.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 684 The feast with witches
Chapter 684 The feast with witches
　　When James and Cornelia made an appearance in the garden where tables for the feast were set, James wondered if they were last to join the festivities.
　　It was way past sunset and the whole area was illuminated by crystals that were emitting faint light, making the whole setting magical. Garlands of fresh flowers hung off the pillars and trees, filling the air with the sweet aroma. The Silver Flame fountain stood in the middle of it all, glowing like a beacon.
　　Three tables were elevated compared to the others.
　　At the table in the center were Evanora, Yasmin, Axel, and a few more high-ranking witches that James met before.
　　On the right side was another one, set for six people. Talia, Damon, Liam, and Amelia were there already, and Cornelia told James that two empty seats at that table were theirs to take.
　　On the left from the main table were four healers from the Midnight Guardians pack, Keith, and Cassandra.
　　There were many other tables arranged through the garden, with witches eating and drinking. The nearby females were shamelessly checking out James despite Cornelia's obvious displeasure.
　　James was interested in Cassandra. She was a she-wolf and the Oracle of the Midnight Guardians pack who had the knowledge comparable to shaman's. In addition to that, Cassandra stayed with witches to improve her craft in mysterious ways and James really hoped that she will have some ways to help him with his sensing-the-bond situation. James was not comfortable talking about it with strangers, but he had a feeling that the time was running out and he was getting desperate.
　　James was confused to see Keith being so friendly with the healers, Cassandra in particular. James observed Keith so far, and he assessed the guard as non-approachable, afraid of Damon and loyal to Talia. Keith talking with Cassandra in a relaxed mood was outside James' expectations.
　　James noticed Cassandra shrinking when she looked at the main table, and James wondered if Cassandra was mistreated somehow. Did she get special privileges only because of the guests? He dispelled those thoughts because it was none of his business.
　　No matter where he looked, James saw breasts. Palm-sized, plump, round, pear-shaped… breasts… everywhere. Even with Cornelia by his side, James had difficulty not staring and he could only imagine the savagery that would happen if werewolves from the Red Moon pack find their way here. Alpha Edward would probably lead them and use his position to make first picks. James tried not to think about it.
　　Cornelia held James' hand while leading the way toward their seats, and James focused on the golden designs that were shimmering on her bare back. Her chocolate skin contrasted gold designs that moved with her, making them appear alive.
　　James wished that witches look at him more or get closer, because only in a fit of jealousy Cornelia would claim him as hers, and he liked when that happened.
　　The moment they sat, a witch approached them to fill their glasses with sweet wine.
　　Witches don't have a concept of Omegas who will do menial jobs and serve others, but they have low-ranked witches who would do whatever is needed. 
　　During this feast, the witches took turns bringing food and drinks. James noticed that the witches who served them would sit at their table and eat and drink with others until their shift came again. It ensured that everyone serves, and everyone gets served.
　　Only Evanora, guests, and a handful of high-ranking witches didn't stand up to serve others.
　　James was excited. This was not the first time that he and Cornelia appeared as a couple, but it was the first time during an official function. A big bonus was that this was a separate realm, so his father won't ever find out about this.
　　If this was the Red Moon pack, appearing at a party with Cornelia would be suicidal. His heart ached. Was that why she was reluctant to come with him? Did she want to be recognized and not hide her identity? That was a big problem that James didn't know how to fix.
　　James felt bad about the need to conceal Cornelia's importance. He wanted to shout for everyone to hear how amazing she was, and that she was his, but how can he do that if he knew it would put her in danger? 
　　James didn't approve of Damon hiding the fact that Talia was his mate, but James agreed that it was the right thing to do at the time.
　　For the first time since they got close, Cornelia was not wearing anything on top and he could see her two bouncing peaks staring at him, calling him to get closer and to suck on them. He licked his lips and swallowed hard, knowing that he shouldn't give in to those desires because this was in public. Heck, even in private, Cornelia was opposed to them going all the way and him marking her.
　　James knew the reasons and he couldn't say that she was wrong, but around Cornelia, James' rationality was replaced with the urges of a man to claim his woman, and his impatience was a reminder that he was still a teenager.
　　"James?"
　　Cornelia's voice pulled him out of his daze.
　　"What?", he asked while forcing his eyes to go up from her breasts to her face. It was a beautiful face.
　　"That's enough", Cornelia said while gesturing toward her plate that was heaping with food.
　　James smiled awkwardly. He was staring at her breasts, and he spaced out and overdid it as his hands moved on auto-pilot. But he had no intention of admitting to it.
　　"This is for both of us.", James said and grabbed a fork, ready to feed his chocolate-colored Goddess that was shimmering in gold.
　　James' mood was spoiled at the sound of giggles around them because they were between Damon and Talia on their right, and Amelia and Liam on their left. Both couples were super lovey-dovey, feeding each other, touching, and kissing, somehow reminding James that they did it and will definitely do it tonight, and James... James knew that he needed to keep his hands to himself. 
　　James fought against the negativity and he focused on feeding Cornelia because as long as she doesn't reject him, it will be fine. It had to be.
　　They were about halfway through the plate when Evanora stood up and announced that it was time for the ceremonies.
　　Cornelia looked at James excitedly, even though she had mixed feelings about this. The ceremony was to celebrate their union, as soulmates. On the downside, James couldn't feel the bond and they didn't mate, so she felt like a fraud. At the same time, Cornelia was not sure if they will have another chance like this, and she didn't want to miss it.
　　Cornelia knew that she was selfish, but she couldn't help it. She wanted a memory of this ceremony as something she will cherish forever.
　　Even if they separate and she doesn't see him ever again, Cornelia was confident that she won't yearn for any man other than James. If the heavens give them their blessings during this ceremony, it will be another confirmation that they are soulmates.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 685 Three ceremonies (1)
Chapter 685 Three ceremonies (1)
　　Author's note: pic of Liam and Amelia was added as a comment in Chapter 693: Liam's vetiver (3)
　　---
　　Seeing that James' lips were glistening from juices, Cornelia grabbed a napkin with the intention to make him presentable.  
　　James enjoyed the cleaning service, but he wished that Cornelia used her tongue.
　　When she was done, she pushed another napkin into his hands.
　　"Am I messy?", Cornelia asked while pursing her lips and moving her head sideways to give him a good view.
　　"A little bit", James responded and grabbed her chin.
　　Cornelia thought that he will wipe the mess, but the cheeky werewolf kissed her right there, for everyone to see.
　　His tongue quickly found its way into her mouth and caressed her tongue in ways she couldn't refuse, and Cornelia gripped his shoulders to steady herself.
　　James inched away and looked at Cornelia who was slightly dazed. He loved that he had this effect on her.
　　"I think I missed a spot."
　　He was about to kiss her again, but Cornelia was quick to put her hand over his mouth.
　　"Not here!", Cornelia whispered with urgency.
　　She was the second-ranked witch in the Coven, yet now everyone saw her being kissed. And it was not just that she was kissed, but she was kissing him back! How undignified.
　　"OK. I will lick that off later", James said and winked mischievously.
　　He chuckled at her outraged expression that sizzled away within a second. She was unable to be mad at him no matter how cheeky he was.
　　Neither of them could deny the fact that when they were together and touching each other, neither James nor Cornelia worried about the uncertain future.
　　…
　　The witches and werewolves gathered around the fountain, eager for the ceremonies to start.
　　The silvery flames danced above the statue of the woman and the wolf, spilling the light over the surface of the water, making the whole fountain appear like it came out of another dimension.
　　Amelia and Liam were first.
　　Witches started chanting and the couple stared at each other like they were the only two people on the planet.
　　The scene reminded Talia of the ceremony that Yasmin and Axel had, but this time Yasmin was next to Evanora, adding to the chants of high-ranked witches that were led by Evanora.
　　Amelia and Liam stepped into the fountain, and the chants intensified at the same time when the silvery flames at the top of the fountain started dancing wildly like someone was fanning them.
　　Shiny ripples in the dark water started moving toward Liam and Amelia, and then the light climbed up their skin. They glowed. Literally.
　　Amelia and Liam faced each other, the silvery light from the fountain ignited their golden tattoos, giving them the appearance of ethereal statues.
　　"The heavens are blessing your union", Evanora said when Amelia's and Liam's bodies were completely lit up. "May you have long lives full of happiness."
　　The witches burst into cheers when Amelia and Liam kissed.
　　The ceremony boosted their energy levels and Liam felt a pulsating need in his crotch area. He really wanted to jab himself inside her, but he was faintly aware of all the eyes on them and he knew that it wouldn't be appropriate.  
　　Liam lifted Amelia in his arms and carried her princess style. Everyone knew that they were going back to Amelia's room.
　　Amelia loved how Liam had eyes only for her, and the fact that his erection was poking her behind told her that her mate means business.
　　Amelia used healing spells and herbs to ease soreness from all that lovemaking, and she hoped that Liam didn't notice because she wanted to make him happy. Well, he was making her happy also, many orgasms happy, but it was getting sore later, and she didn't want him to know about that last part.
　　Liam's steps didn't pause in the slightest when witches surrounded them with an intention to congratulate the couple. With one fierce growl from Liam, the witches parted to make way and Amelia giggled while snaking her arms around Liam's neck. His hostile expression softened in an instant when he looked at Amelia.
　　Yasmin patted her chest dramatically. That was romantic and raw, and she loved it!
　　Talia loved it as well. The animalistic urge to claim mate was super-sexy and Talia really wished to bite Damon and mark him again. Soon.
　　Her eyes moved to Damon to meet his fiery gaze directed at her.
　　'Mate looks yummy', Liseli spoke in Talia's mind. 'I can feel Sapa's excitement. Can we go for a run after the ceremony?'
　　'I'm sure we can.' Evanora never mentioned any restrictions related to moving within this realm, so it would be fun to let their wolves out to explore while spending quality time with each other.
　　Next were James and Cornelia.
　　The duo moved to the fountain to face each other.
　　Cornelia tilted her head up to see James' face and she wondered if he was always that tall.
　　The silvery light reflected on his skin, making the golden designs on his pale skin shimmer, his shoulders were broad, and he didn't look like a teenager, not even a little bit.
　　Yasmin and Evanora took turns chanting, and even a laywoman like Talia realized that something was different compared to the previous ceremony.
　　The air stirring at the fountain was sharper, and the flames on the fountain grew bigger.
　　Cornelia and James didn't break the eye contact, and they either didn't notice that the water in the fountain was splashing around them, or they didn't care.
　　Cornelia could feel the energy seeping into her, and she was in a euphoric daze. It was like she had a private channel with nature, only for her to use, and she wondered if James felt the same.
　　The more she looked at him, the more handsome he was, and the pull toward her soulmate became unbearable. It was like her skin was on fire and only his touch could soothe it.
　　Cornelia realized that something was wrong. Why was she getting aroused?
　　She bit the inside of her cheek harshly to snap out of her daze and then her head snapped toward Evanora and Yasmin.
　　"What are you doing?", Cornelia hissed.
　　Instead of responding, Yasmin chanted with more enthusiasm.
　　Yasmin knew about the challenges Cornelia and James were facing, and she discussed with Evanora to add to the ceremony a dose of sensitivity. Evanora was not willing at first, but Yasmin persuaded her. As usually.
　　With this addition to the ceremony, both James and Cornelia had become more sensitive to the energies around them, and that included nature and their mate bond. Everything else was a side effect of that.
　　Cornelia looked at James as the silvery light climbed his body, following the golden patterns on his skin and she wondered what was going on with him because he was just staring at her without moving a muscle.
　　Cornelia feared that James' wolf will end up hurt from this. She would scold Yasmin for doing whatever she was doing, but Cornelia found herself unable to move. Was James OK? He looked like he was struggling with something.
　　'MATE', James heard a voice in his head and the desire for Cornelia became maddening. James was fighting against his urge to claim Cornelia right then and there, but the attraction was intensifying by the second, clouding his mind completely.
###Chapter 686 Three ceremonies (2) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 686 Three ceremonies (2) [Bonus chapter]
　　James was overwhelmed by the surges of desire that swelled within him.
　　His wolf was stirring and urging him to claim the female that stood in front of him.
　　James' throat was dry like he crossed many deserts without a single drop of water, and Cornelia was the water of life who could quench his thirst. He really wanted to consume her completely until they meld to become one.
　　His heart thundered in the rhythm of her name. Cornelia. Cora. His mate. His. HIS!
　　James was aware that Cornelia was several centuries old, but at that moment her eyes full of concern and love made her appear like an unspoiled delicate maiden who was oblivious of the savagery males were capable of. Males, like him. Would his touch desecrate her beauty?
　　His whole universe was reduced to the chocolate-colored Goddess in front of him, yet he felt like his world expanded. She was glowing like a beacon that showed him the only way to happiness, and his stomach tightened with the need to merge with her in every way possible.
　　The chants and winds dimmed to background noise, and James could hear Cornelia's breaths that were in sync with his. She smelled of sweet wild berries, and her slightly parted lips were silently begging him to claim her. 
　　James was absolutely certain that Cornelia's heart, mind, and soul were his. The only thing he didn't claim was her body and an irresistible need overwhelmed him to take that part of her as well because only when she was completely his, he could be at ease.
　　The chanting stopped and silence blanketed the garden. Out of several hundred witches, no one made a peep as all of them were focused on Cornelia and James who were standing in the fountain and glowing.
　　Normally, Cornelia's skin looked darker in contrast to James' white one, and her natural melanin made him look much paler than he was, yet now they were both glowing in pulses that matched their synchronized heartbeats. The silvery light enveloped them completely, erasing the distinction between the two and making them appear as one.
　　James resisted, he really did... but then something snapped.
　　"Mine!", James growled, and his hand landed at the back of Cornelia's head at the same time his lips crashed on hers.
　　Cornelia's eyes were open wide in shock as he was never so rough. She wanted to push him away, but the pull was unbearable as she was fighting against her own madness, and he tasted delicious, and her arms moved around him.
　　James kissed Cornelia hungrily and his free hand caressed her cheek and then moved down her jaw and neck, and he swallowed Cornelia's shaky moan when her body trembled against his.
　　James pulled away and stared into Cornelia's unfocused eyes that were directed at him. His nostrils flared when he picked up the scent of her arousal, and that was the last straw. He flung her over his shoulder and walked out of the fountain.
　　James didn't need to growl for witches to make way for them as he carried Cornelia back to her room like she was a sack of potatoes.
　　Cornelia was unable to react. It all happened so quickly!
　　Unsure how to face her sisters after being so embarrassingly manhandled, Cornelia buried her face into James' back and pretended that she was unconscious.
　　"The heavens blessed your union!", Evanora shouted after them.
　　The witches exchanged confused glances while murmuring among each other, hesitant to cheer and congratulate the couple because they left.
　　"YEAH!", Yasmin exclaimed while fist-pumping in the air.
　　The ritual amplified both James' and Cornelia's sensitivity to energies, but Yasmin did it mostly for Cornelia.
　　When Yasmin found out about the stalemate between the duo, she couldn't believe it.
　　Did Cornelia really think that James should return to his pre-Cornelia life without her? How could Cornelia make such a decision on her own?
　　It's not that Yasmin didn't understand Cornelia's concerns, but that kind of reasoning didn't belong between soulmates.
　　Since ancient times, soulmates were meant to be together. From the moment they recognize each other, soulmates become one, and they stick together no matter what life throws at them because separation will harm them both.
　　What Cornelia was doing went against nature; as a witch, that was the closest thing to breaking the law!
　　It was obvious that James was head over heels for Cornelia and only a blind person would miss all the signs they were mates, which meant that the person putting a wall between them was Cornelia.
　　At first, Yasmin tried to talk some sense into Cornelia, but that led nowhere, so Yasmin decided not to meddle. However, how could she remain a spectator when James approached her to ask for help? But casting spells out of the blue was risky so Yasmin needed to find the right opportunity, and then Yasmin heard that Cornelia wanted to take part in the ceremony, and that was exactly what Yasmin was looking for.
　　Yasmin carefully prepared a potion and arranged that it gets mixed in Cornelia's and James' wine during the feast. This ritual stimulated the right components to react, and the wheels were set in motion. Now it was up to the mated couple to figure out what they will do with all that pent-up sexual energy.
　　With this, Cornelia will stop avoiding the inevitable, and if it succeeds, Cornelia will be grateful to Yasmin. Eventually.
　　"Let's take a short break!", Evanora announced.
　　"Mother!", Yasmin exclaimed. "Are you alright?" The high priestess looked unusually pale.
　　"I just need a moment and then we can proceed."
　　Talia was quick to approach Evanora. "If you are unwell, we can do it some other time." She really wanted the ceremony with Damon, the fountain, silver flames, and everything else called magic, but not at the cost of Evanora collapsing halfway.
　　Talia was wary because the lovey-dovey moments she planned with Damon ended in a disaster, and she hoped that this won't be one of them. But if Evanora can't complete the ceremony, where will that leave them? With one more bitter experience? Talia wanted this to be perfect. She needed this to be perfect, and if magic and witches can't make it come true, then no one can.
　　Evanora waved like it was not important. "Nonsense. The moon is in the right position and the mood is right. I just need a few minutes to catch my breath." She turned to one of the witches that were helping with the chants. "Serena, can you bring me a glass of water?"
　　The witch confirmed and disappeared into the crowd.
　　Evanora didn't want to disclose how taxing it was to work with the energies from the fountain. Yes, other witches were chanting as well, but as the one leading the ceremony, Evanora took most of the burn.
　　Evanora remembered the scene when Talia reignited the flames with ease, yet those same energies were too much for the old witch to manipulate for two ceremonies back-to-back. How could Evanora admit to such a weakness and still be considered as the high priestess?
　　And also, Yasmin stood right next to Evanora, yet she was completely fine.
　　Was it because of the babies Yasmin carried in her stomach, or… Evanora exhaled sadly while remembering Yasmin's father. It was probably his bloodline that made Yasmin so much better than any other witch, but Yasmin never saw herself as above others.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 687 Jay and Cora (1)
Chapter 687 Jay and Cora (1)
　　In Cornelia's room…
　　James kicked the door to close and flung Cornelia on the bed.
　　Cornelia yelped in surprise, and she grimaced in preparation for the impact, but then she felt hot palms on her back that lowered her softly on the mattress.
　　Before she could regain her senses, James was on top of her, kissing her hungrily and swallowing her words before she could form any.
　　Both were practically naked, so there was a lot of skin-to-skin contact, the flimsy garments covering their crotch areas provided no obstacle for them to feel each other.
　　Cornelia could sense the urgency behind James' every move, and his masculine energy enveloped them both.
　　So far, James embraced Cornelia many times. He was always caring and gentle and considerate of her needs, and this time it was still all that, but it was different.
　　She could describe the experience as animalistic and raw, and she was drowning in his need to be with her. Was this how it would feel from the start if he was of age when they met? At that time, she didn't know him at all, and Cornelia didn't think she would be comfortable with a stranger feeling her out, even if that stranger was her soulmate. In a way, she was glad that they had this time to meet each other before doing the deed.
　　James' palms caressed her body with unexpected proficiency, setting her soul ablaze and she was surprised when he jumped off the bed.
　　'CRACK!'
　　Cornelia felt like someone poured a bucket of ice on her when she realized that James crushed a glass with his hand that was now balled into a bloodied fist.
　　"James!", Cornelia shrieked while scrambling off the bed.
　　She reached to grab his injured hand, but he jerked his arm out of her reach.
　　"Don't touch me.", he said breathily.
　　James walked to the open window to greedily inhale the air like he was suffocating.
　　Cornelia didn't know what he was doing, but that definitely looked like he was in distress.
　　"James, please… tell me what's going on."
　　James closed his eyes. "This… just… leave me alone."
　　"Not until you talk to me."
　　She touched his shoulder, and he twisted his body away.
　　"Don't", he squeezed through his teeth. "Why can't you leave?"
　　"I'm not leaving. This is my room.", she said stubbornly. The fact that he avoided her touch twice was killing her from the inside.
　　"Your room?", he asked while looking around, like it was the first time he heard about it. "Right. This is your room. I will leave."
　　"No!", Cornelia exclaimed and with one wave of her finger, the open window closed, and all three windows were shut now and shimmering in silvery light just like the door, and James knew that she locked them in.
　　James puffed his cheeks. "You want to know what's going on?"
　　"Yes."
　　"This is not right."
　　Cornelia realized that he was talking about what was almost happening on the bed. "What do you mean, not right? Don't you want it?"
　　"Yes! My desire for you is so strong that I had to cut my hand for the pain to help me regain control because I don't want to do something you will hate me for.", he responded in one breath.
　　"I wouldn't hate you."
　　James snorted. "Yeah, right."
　　"I'm not lying."
　　"But you are not telling the truth either."
　　Cornelia frowned. Did he call her a liar? "And you know what I'm thinking better than I do?"
　　James was looking straight into her eyes now. "I know that you are not willing, Cora. This is just the effect of the ceremony that did… something." He didn't tell her that his wolf told him they were mates, because that was not important. "Now you feel the arousal, but once it wears off you will be back in your thoughts about how no matter how much we love each other, we can't be together because I can't stay here, and you can't come with me since I'm not strong enough to protect you."
　　Cornelia's heart cracked. Those were her words and she said them more than once, but now that he said them… it hurt. Why did it all sound like James was the one who needed to compromise? Like he was the lacking one? Was there really no way for them to be together?
　　She felt guilt eating her up. James was her soulmate, yet she cornered him into a place where he didn't have a say, and where he felt inferior. What kind of a mate does that?
　　"It's my fault", she said. "Instead of looking for solutions, I was looking at obstacles."
　　She reached for his bleeding hand and was happy when he allowed her to inspect his injury.
　　James gritted his teeth and glared through the closed window like his mortal enemy was right there, all in the effort to ignore the magnificent sparks of their bond that prickled his skin wherever they touched.
　　Cornelia frowned at the sight of glass that was stuck in his palm and she ushered him to sit on the chair. She kneeled by his side and started carefully pulling the glass pieces out of his flesh.
　　Cornelia's heart shook with emotions she never experienced before. The tent in his crotch area was proof that he was aroused. Just a minute ago, she was on the bed under him, willing to let him take her and satisfy his hunger, yet he didn't. He choose to deny himself what he wanted and to harm himself, so he doesn't harm her.
　　Can he be any sweeter?
　　Cornelia's hands moved steadily to remove the glass as she talked.
　　"Since I've felt the bond, and I found out about your background, I was only seeing one obstacle after another. If you are just a guy from Damon's pack, it would be easy. If you are a guy from Talia's pack, it would be easier. But instead of making it easy, the forces beyond us decided that we should be soulmates and things became… challenging."
　　With the last piece of glass out of his hand, Cornelia murmured ancient chants that sounded like a lullaby, and his wounds closed at the rate visible to the naked eye.
　　After confirming that his wounds were gone, Cornelia spoke again.
　　"I am the second-ranked witch in the Silver Flame Coven, and you are the smartest person I've ever met. With my power and your mind, we have a lot to work with, and if anyone can make this work, that will be the two of us."
　　She raised his gaze to see his endlessly blue eyes trained on her.
　　"What are you saying?", he asked stiffly due to the tension that built within him. His wolf was stirring his emotions and muddling with his mind, urging him to claim mate, but James resisted.
　　"I am saying", she paused to lick her lips nervously. "We are mates, and we will find a way to be together."
　　James stared at Cornelia, and she could clearly see emotions washing over him. Disbelief, happiness, doubt, hope.
　　James waited for her to say more, but that was it. He chided himself. What was he expecting? Just the fact that she said how they should try to be together was progress.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 688 Jay and Cora (2)
Chapter 688 Jay and Cora (2)
　　James pried his hand out of Cornelia's hold.
　　"Thank you for healing me, Cora." That sharp pain helped a bit, but now that it was gone there was nothing to distract him from the throbbing need in his crotch. "If you don't mind opening the door, I need to put some distance between us." He wanted to get up, but he knew it will be in vain until she removes the silvery restriction.
　　"Why?", she asked.
　　"Because staying this close to you is torturous. I don't want to do something you will hate."
　　Cornelia panicked when she realized that James wanted to leave. She grabbed his hand. "I already said I won't hate you, or the things you do to me."
　　James stared at her hands holding his, the fantastic sparks of their bond should be the best thing ever, but now they tormented him because he couldn't act on that primal need to claim his mate.
　　Did she know how much he suffered right at that moment?
　　Cornelia was right there, nearly naked, for him to see. Her chocolate-colored skin embellished with golden designs, her melodious voice that awakened butterflies in his stomach, her scent of sweet wild berries all around him... it was all perfect to awaken the possessive beast that only wanted to copulate, and her touch made it several folds worse.
　　James heard Cornelia when she said that she won't hate him and that they should stick together, but maybe it would be better to stay apart if he was not allowed to claim her. He might lose his mate, but at least he will keep his sanity because nothing can be worse than this agony he was enduring.
　　James swallowed hard and the bobbing of his Adam's apple was accompanied by the tick in his jaw muscles as he pressed his teeth together. He needed to get out of there before he did something that can't be undone.
　　Cornelia scooted to kneel in front of him and she gently pressed his knees to spread his legs apart further.
　　James watched her as she hesitated for a moment before reaching for the silvery cloth that was covering his crotch area, and she flicked it to the side to expose his erection.
　　She stared at his cock. Of course, she knew what that was. She saw many pictures and in the human realm she saw some racy videos (for research purposes, of course), but this was the first time for her to see that organ in person. It was big and slightly intimidating. And she remembered that healthy males grow until the age of twenty-five. Didn't that mean James can grow bigger?
　　"Cora…", James called in a strained voice, and she knew that it was a warning how she shouldn't play with fire.
　　Cornelia had no idea what she was doing, but she steeled her resolve to do it anyway. James was an existence branded into her soul and if being close to him will burn her alive, then… so be it. If soulmates can recognize each other naturally, then she only needed to follow her instincts and things will be alright.
　　"You are not willing to do things to me, out of fear that I will hate you", she said. "So, I will do things to you in order to prove that it's OK."
　　Her dark brown eyes didn't leave his blue ones as she reached to hold onto his cock that was hot and hard, and she saw the way his chest rolled as he sucked in a breath upon contact.
　　Just how she saw in movies, Cornelia started pumping his length while wondering if she should squeeze more. Or was this too much? But then... they were mates and if he could feel the sparks, any type of touch will do.
　　She was uncomfortable because this was new, but she didn't want him to think that she was forcing herself because she wanted to drown in their bond. However, for someone who was always watching her image of a dignified witch who knew what she was doing, Cornelia found it difficult to let go of the control.  
　　Cornelia threw a quick glance at his face and she swallowed hard when she saw him staring at her with intensity like he could see her most hidden thoughts.  
　　Insecurities crept into her mind. The people in the videos she watched were wiggling about and moaning, and James didn't move a muscle. Was she doing this right? What if she was making a total fool of herself? Ah, but she already started and she can't just stop! What to do? She decided to ask...
　　"Is this OK, Jay?"
　　"How did you call me?", James asked breathily.
　　Cornelia realized that this was the first time she addressed him as Jay. The truth was that she came up with it at the same time when he called her Cora. Cornelia thought it went well, Jay and Cora, but she was too shy to say it aloud. Until now.  
　　"Jay. Can I call you like that?"
　　James' mind was clouded with lust by electric sparks that danced over his cock, but he was aware that she gave him a nickname. No one ever did that. People called him the 'young Alpha', the 'future Alpha', or James, and this was the first time he got a nickname that didn't remind him of a position that didn't belong to him. He liked it.
　　Cornelia saw him nod in approval of the way she addressed him, so she went back to her first question. "Is this OK?"
　　It was slow and she was too gentle, and he would prefer if she used her mouth or straddled him, but he didn't want to freak her out. "It's... fine."
　　Cornelia was not sure if she should believe him. Who says that he is fine with an expression like he was in pain? Shouldn't it be enjoyable?
　　"Now that your senses are intensified, did your wolf speak to you?"
　　"Yes", James confirmed, knowing where she was going with this. "He said that you are my mate."
　　Cornelia smiled. It's not that she was doubting it, especially after the ceremony they just completed, but another confirmation was good to hear.
　　"Did he say anything else?"
　　James groaned. "Are you really expecting us to have a conversation now?"
　　"Maybe?", Cornelia said in a singing voice.
　　James put his hand over Cornelia's that was holding onto his cock, and she thought that he will remove her hand from there but he leaned to look into her eyes up close.
　　"You said that you won't hate me, no matter what I do."
　　"I did say that, yes."
　　"Can I do anything?" He wanted to make sure.
　　"We are mates, Jay. You can't harm me, and I can't hate you."
　　"Good", he said. The nickname Jay sounded foreign and dear to his heart at the same time.
　　Without delay, James picked up Cornelia and carried her to the bed.
　　His desire for her exploded during the ceremony at the fountain. Since they came to this room, Cornelia healed his hand, agreed that they should stick together, gave him a nickname, and held onto his cock, and she said that she won't hate him no matter what he did... and he was determined to test the boundaries of that last one.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 689 Jay and Cora (3)
Chapter 689 Jay and Cora (3)
　　Driven by his craving for that skin-to-skin contact where he will feel Cornelia's perky breasts against his chest, James lowered himself, careful to hold most of his weight on his elbows so that he doesn't make her uncomfortable.
　　The sparks danced over his flesh wherever they touched, and considering the amount of touching surface, he thought that he will come just from this. It was fantastic!
　　James' hips moved and she gasped when his erection pressed at the cradle of her thighs, two flimsy fabrics didn't provide much padding.
　　Cornelia dug her fingers in his back and James was never so excited in his life. His mate was right there, under him, pulling him closer while arching her body into his, and it was the best feeling ever!
　　He wanted to do to her so many things, but in their current situation, it could all be narrowed down to two.
　　"I want to claim you as mine Cora.", he growled. "I want to mark you."
　　His lips moved along her jaw, slightly open so that she can feel his teeth.
　　He nipped on her skin, just below her ear and then he licked her there, and he loved the sensation of her trembling under him; but more than her body accepting him, he needed to hear her say that she was willing.
　　James lifted his head so that he can see her eyes. "Can I?"
　　Cornelia opened her mouth to respond, but no sound came because her heart was stuck in her throat. She inhaled forcibly and tried to speak, but again, she was mute.  
　　The pull of their bond was messing with her mind before, and the ceremony made it several folds worse, and now that they were technically naked on the bed, both feeling the bond and accepting each other as soulmates, none of her reasons to hold back seemed important.
　　Seeing his brows coming together as he searched her face for answers, she nodded fervently.
　　"Yes.", she forced the word out of her mouth.
　　"Yes, what?", he asked.
　　"Yes, mark me, and yes… for the other." Yes, for everything! Why was he making her say all those embarrassing things?
　　James smiled as he dove to claim her lips in a deep sensual kiss that made her toes curl. He kissed her many times before, but this time it was different. She could feel the anticipation and promises that were hidden behind every move of his tongue.
　　His hands caressed her body with no reservation. His left hand kneaded her breast, his thumb mischievously flicking her hardened nipple, and his right hand brushed the skin of her stomach, teasing her in circular movements and going slightly lower with each rotation.
　　With one swift tug, the string around her waist was torn.
　　Cornelia was dazed from all the kissing, and she opened her eyes when she felt the chill where James used to be. Did he leave the bed again?
　　No, he was still there. She could feel his hot palms squeezing her thighs.
　　Cornelia's breath hitched at the sight of James who was sitting on his knees, right between her legs as his heated gaze roamed her body and burned her skin.
　　His palms were on the inside of her thighs, keeping her legs open for him to see everything.
　　Cornelia was not used to being so exposed, but somehow, she knew that he truly adored every inch of her body and she let him have that visual treat.
　　James enjoyed the way her breasts moved as she breathed, those two hard peaks were calling for him louder with every heartbeat, and this time he won't need to hold back.
　　He admired her curves. Her waist expanded into childbearing hips; lovely legs that were soft and lean, yet not muscular how most of the she-wolves have them. And then there was Cornelia's neatly trimmed pussy that glistened from her juices, and he took a deep breath to inhale her sweet scent of wild berries that was driving him crazy. 
　　That right there was his breaking point, in the middle of lust and madness and knowing that his chocolate-colored Goddess was willing, it was the last straw for him to let go of the brakes.
　　James crawled back on top of Cornelia and she thought that he will kiss her more, but he stopped advancing when his lips reached her breasts.
　　Her body arched when he started sucking her nipples harshly, and a surprised gasp escaped her lips when she felt his fingers caressing her clit without any warning.
　　James growled into her flesh when he felt how wet she was.
　　His fingers prickled at the point of contact, and he wondered if she could feel those sensational sparks as well, but he kept those questions for later because this was not the time for intellectual conversation.
　　James had them more than he cared to remember. It was one (sometimes two) per event where such activity was expected.
　　It was not like they were forcing him into anything, but he was not particularly willing either. He was young and curious, and he let the other party take the lead, to start the process. At that time, he would sit or lay on his back, and women would do most of the work. They thought that he was used to being served, and none of them believed that he was not experienced.
　　A few parties later, James got plenty of the experience, but his interest dwindled; not because those women were not attractive because they were, and they knew how to please a man. However, James saw the whole act as a way to survive. Most of the future Alphas were enjoying sexual liberties their position allowed them, and James needed to blend into that crowd. He was going through the motions so that his father wouldn't scold him as a non-worthy future Alpha. 
　　Ah, what all he needed to do to create the perfect image of the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack. Well, not perfect... just what his father expected it to be. 
　　There were times when James hated it, he hated himself, but now all that will be put to good use because he was familiar with a woman's body, and right there next to him was a gorgeous, naked, woman's body he wanted to please.
　　Compared to his previous encounters, intimacy with Cornelia was different.
　　His body ached for Cornelia. Everything with her was out of this world, but the best part was that she accepted him as her mate. She said that he can claim her and mark her and he was super-nervous at the thought that it was happening.
　　For Cornelia, it was the first time to be with a man in such an intimate situation, and centuries filled with life experiences didn't prepare her for this tornado of sensations as her every cell came alive.
　　She tried not to think about the way how James skillfully caressed her body. Considering his age, she thought of him as inexperienced, but his every stroke proved that her assumption was wrong. Or was it just beginner's luck? She didn't believe in coincidences and luck, but before she could think more about it, his finger slipped inside her and curled to hit just the right spot, and her eyes rolled at the back of her head.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 690 Jay and Cora (4)
Chapter 690 Jay and Cora (4)
　　Cornelia had no idea how long it lasted. A minute? Three? Ten?
　　James was kissing her neck and growled lowly while stroking her down there, she could feel the heat of his body splashing on hers, and the familiar pressure in her core was building at an alarming rate.
　　Now that they were on the bed like this, Cornelia wondered why she hesitated to indulge in this intimacy so far. Even if James didn't feel the bond fully, he was still attracted to her, and the sensation of his skin on hers was out of this world.
　　Cornelia touched herself many times before, but it was never this intense, and if this was the introduction to the pleasures to come, Cornelia was eager to welcome her mate with her arms (and legs) open wide.
　　Her body tensed and James swallowed her scream without stopping the movements of his fingers that caressed her intimate parts relentlessly.
　　He loved seeing her like that, unrestrained, lost in lust, gasping for air, because of something he did. Was it possible that she became more beautiful?
　　Cornelia's chest heaved as she blinked to focus her vision only to see James licking a see-through slimy substance that stretched between his fingers. Did that come from her? How embarrassing.
　　James smiled wickedly. "You are delicious, Cora." He regretted using his fingers instead of his tongue. Next time.
　　He never went down on a woman before, but he was confident that it will be good for both of them because she tasted of sweet wild berries, his favorite, and he would lick her until she collapses from orgasms.
　　James went back on top of Cornelia to settle between her legs, and his lips hovered above hers.
　　"Last chance to stop me, Cora", he said, and he really hoped she won't do it.
　　Cornelia was touched that he was still giving her a choice and showing her that he cared. 
　　Her hands moved lower on his back, and he felt her thumbs hooking on the string that was around his waist. The cloth hitched to the side, and it was on his hip now, but it was still a symbol to remind them that there were obstructions between them.
　　With one swift tug from Cornelia, the fabric gave in and both of them were now completely naked.
　　She looked him in the eyes as her insides trembled from the anticipation of what was to come.
　　"I love you, James.", she spoke against his lips, and before he answered, she kissed him.
　　He couldn't respond to her confession without breaking the kiss, and he didn't want to break it. After all, he had the rest of his life to tell her how much he loves her, or even better… he will show her.
　　Their kisses morphed from sweet and slow into fervent and passionate, but they didn't stop; not when he was grinding against her to spread her juices over his shaft, not when she felt the pressure increasing, and not when her insides stretched to accommodate his length… he swallowed her gasps and moans and inhaled her cries, and they were one.
　　James groaned when he was all the way inside her. She was tight and hot and all around his cock, and there were mind-blowing sparks, and he wondered if he came already. It was that good.
　　A surge of energy swelled in his chest, and he broke the kiss abruptly as his head jerked to look at the ceiling.
　　"AWOOOO!"
　　His deafening howl shook the windows, and some of the glass panels cracked.
　　James looked down at the woman under him, to see that her eyes were full of tears. He thought that she was in pain, or maybe his howl disturbed her, but her unfocused gaze was on him, and she was smiling a little.
　　James kissed Cornelia's tears away and started rocking into her, groaning with every push and silently congratulating himself that he didn't come already.
　　He loved that her hips moved in the rhythm he set, and her gasps and moans were music to his ears. 
　　That was his chocolate-colored Goddess right there, under him, welcoming him. It was surreal.
　　They were both delirious as their bond grew stronger, allowing them to sense each other's emotions a bit more with every sway of their bodies. 
　　None of them used any particular technique as they moved on an instinct, an instinct to merge with mate, and James somehow knew exactly where and when to kiss and lick as his fangs itched to come out and mark her.
　　"Oh, James…", she moaned, and his lust level rose further, urging him to move faster.
　　Damn, she felt good. This was the best! No wonder newly-mated couples don't come out of seclusion for days. He didn't want this to stop. Ever!
　　"Fuck, Cora!", he cursed loudly. "You are perfect. You are mine!"
　　He gripped her hip and started thrusting into her with more urgency, and the outrageous sounds of flesh slapping against flesh filled the room.
　　James groaned when Cornelia's fingers dug into his back and he felt her insides coiling around his cock in rhythmical pulses, and he knew that was it.
　　His fangs sank into her flesh, and Cornelia trembled under him as orgasm trashed her insides. 
　　James' unintelligible sounds were muffled in her neck as he filled her with his venom and with his seed at the same time, the pleasure was so overwhelming that he feared he might pass out.
　　James knew it was done. The marking was complete, and their movements were jerky from the aftershocks of their orgasm, but they were reluctant to stop because they wanted this to go on forever.
　　The sensation of belonging enveloped two bodies. It was euphoric.
　　James licked her neck while relishing the fact that he marked his mate. She was his. Irrevocably. It was beyond fantastic.
　　With this, James confirmed that the stories were right: sex with the mate was the best thing ever. Probably because it was not sex, it was making love, or it would be better to call it making forever since it went beyond physical gratification as two souls merged into one.
　　James looked at her flushed face and grinned foolishly.
　　"You are mine", he said.
　　"Yours", she confirmed.
　　"Only mine."
　　She smiled. "There is no one else, Jay. Only you, and it will always be only you."
　　He liked that. He liked it a lot.
　　His tongue darted to moisten his lips before he asked, "How are you feeling?"
　　She hesitated to answer, and he could see her cheeks darkening as she glanced down to the point where their bodies were connected. He was still inside her.
　　"I am fine."
　　James chuckled. "I was asking about your neck."
　　"Oh…" Cornelia thought how she made a fool of herself. Yasmin told her how werewolves were insatiable, and she assumed that James was asking if it was OK to go for the second round. Did he think of her as lewd now? How embarrassing. "My neck is fine also."
　　"Cora, Cora, Cora…", James chanted. "Do you know how happy I am?"
　　Her lips lifted into a smile. "Tell me about it."
　　James' eyes flashed with mischief. "How about I show you?"
　　His hips moved, and she gasped into his mouth. 
　　She was still sensitive from what they did, but instead of giving her a breather, James was picking up his pace and Cornelia gripped his shoulders because she knew that her mate was aching for her and now that they mated and his venom was coursing through her system, she had no intention of denying him what was his.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 691 Three ceremonies (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 691 Three ceremonies (3) [Bonus chapter]
　　Talia and Damon stood in the fountain and faced each other while holding hands.
　　The water reached their knees, and neither of them paid attention to the chill that enveloped the lower parts of their legs.
　　'Are you sure you want to do this?', Damon asked Talia through their private mind-link.
　　'Yes. You?'
　　'Absolutely.'
　　Talia was confused. 'Then… Why did you ask me if I'm sure?'
　　'Because you are nervous.'
　　Talia closed her eyes and took a deep breath before responding, 'I am fine now.'  Actually, she just closed off her emotions so that Damon couldn't sense them.
　　Her nerves were acting out because Evanora's request for a break was strange, and then Yasmin sneaked in a spell for James and Cornelia when the ceremony was supposed to be just a blessing, and Talia and Damon had a history of things going wrong… so yes, she was nervous.
　　What was to say that the witches won't try something shady to control them or imprison them? What if they want to keep Damon as a sex slave? Before her temper flared, Talia pushed away those thoughts. Since when was she so suspicious and paranoid? Yasmin wouldn't allow for any foul play, but… can she trust them?
　　Talia glanced at Evanora who stood next to the fountain. Yasmin was there, on Evanora's left, and five more witches stood behind the mother-daughter duo, all of them getting ready to start the third ceremony for the evening.
　　Talia hoped that she didn't misinterpret Evanora's firm gaze and that it meant confidence and not stubbornness or resolve to do something bad.
　　Next to the seven witches who were assigned to guide this ceremony, Axel was standing with Keith and Cassandra, and many other witches who seemed eager to get close to Keith.
　　Damon gave Talia's hands a squeeze, reminding her that he was there.
　　"Eyes on me, kitten."
　　Talia smiled at the silly Alpha. Was he sulking because she looked at someone else?  
　　Talia's eyes widened in anticipation when Evanora started chanting, and Talia saw the high-priestess making complex signs with her hands. A few seconds later, Yasmin joined in, and then the other witches.
　　It started!
　　Talia quickly turned her full attention to Damon because she didn't want to miss a single change in him. 
　　The energies from the fountain will affect them, and Talia wondered if Damon's powers will manifest. Surely, he got an ability after Talia marked him (more than once!). Damon didn't mention his non-existing powers, but Talia saw him pouting while observing members of the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　With her peripheral vision, Talia could see the silver flames of the fountain dancing wildly, and the fact that Damon's right side was shining brighter told her that the flames increased. She wanted to see what was going on around them, but at the same time, she was unable to look away from her handsome mate.
　　Damon could disarm her with a look, a smile, a word, a gesture… and even if he stood completely still, his scent was intoxicating. Everything about him was made to get her attention.
　　Talia wondered if the chants from witches became background noise because something magical was happening, or because Damon overtook her senses (it wouldn't be the first time).
　　Damon looked at his adorable kitten whose big, honeyed eyes full of love were directed at him and the admiration he saw in there made him feel accomplished like he discovered a planet or conquered an army of immoral enemies. She had the power to stir his soul, and his wolf, and he was ready to follow her anywhere; across the seas, to the edge of the world, or into a fountain in the realm where witches rule.
　　The truth was that Damon was not eager to go through this ceremony where he would be exposed to magic. His previous experiences taught him that nothing good happens when someone casts a spell on him. But he couldn't deny anything to Talia, not when he was so excited about a thing they were about to do together. This ceremony was important to her, and he didn't want to be the sourpuss. However, he was eager to be done with this and confirm that both Talia and he will end this evening without any unpleasant effects.
　　The first thing Damon noticed was that Talia's eyes started shimmering in silver, and the golden tattoos on her skin started lighting up, giving Talia an appearance of a Goddess. His Goddess.
　　Talia inhaled deeply and smiled at the sensation of energy that tickled her toes and climbed up her calves, thighs… making her feel weightless like physical constraints were voided. It was ethereal.
　　Were the golden designs on her body lighting up? Probably.
　　She wished for a big mirror so that she can see this awe-inspiring spectacle. She regretted not getting her phone so that someone records this, and she would watch it later. It would be a wonderful memory of her and Damon glowing in the fountain while magic envelops them.
　　Talia's brows came together when she realized that Damon was not glowing. It was the opposite; his golden tattoos turned darker.
　　Based on the two previous ceremonies, the silvery light was supposed to envelop both of them, yet the only light she saw on Damon was the one reflecting from her.  
　　Yasmin's voice grew weaker as she watched the unexpected scene that everyone else was seeing.
　　The flames of the fountain increased, and the light reflected on the surface of the water, and it started traveling toward Talia and Damon… and then things took a turn no one could predict.
　　As the silvery ripples reached the couple that stood in the water, they all converged toward Talia, and Damon stood in the dark water. 
　　No, he didn't stand in the darkness, he was the darkness like the light refused to go to him. Yasmin knew a lot about blessing rituals and she never heard anything like this.
　　Yasmin felt a smack on her shoulder, and she looked there to see Evanora glaring at her. Evanora's hands didn't stop moving.
　　Yasmin snapped to her senses. She had no idea what was going on, but stopping the ceremony halfway was never good. She needed to finish this. Besides, all chants and hand symbols were for energies to bless the couple, and that can't be bad.
　　As the ceremony progressed, Talia's body started glowing.
　　So far, light from Amelia and Liam, and Cornelia and James, morphed to create a blinding sphere, yet with Talia and Damon, only Talia was glowing while Damon was like a manifestation of darkness that swallowed Talia's light, making them appear like he was holding hands with a half-sphere.
　　"What is going on?", Keith asked no one in particular. He was clueless about magic, but he could feel the witches stirring with anxiety and that told him that something was wrong.
　　Axel was also there, looking at Yasmin with concern obvious on his face, and Axel's muscles tensed like he was about to rush in there and stop the ceremony. But Evanora was pale again and Yasmin was serious and that told him how it was important to continue.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 692 Three ceremonies (4)
Chapter 692 Three ceremonies (4)
　　The chants from witches were intensifying as the ceremony proceeded and it lasted longer than the previous two, yet it showed no signs of stopping.
　　Keith's anxiety shoot through the roof when he saw Damon standing in front of a half-sphere of light; the light was cut off abruptly before it reached Damon like an invisible shield that didn't allow Damon to be affected by Talia's brilliance. 
　　The scene reminded Keith of a transparent ball with a divider halfway; one half was filled with a shiny substance, while the other one was left empty.
　　What made this more unusual was that the light from Talia didn't spill on Damon at all, and it actually stopped in thin air, like there is an obstacle between them. Damon's golden markings were now completely black, a stark contrast to Talia who became the light.
　　Keith panicked. Was Talia alright? The silvery light was so much stronger than what Keith saw during the previous two ceremonies. What if Talia was suffering in there? Why was no one helping!?
　　Witches stirred with amazement as Talia's light output increased. It was blinding.
　　Witches spent a lot of time communicating with nature and researching spells, and they never saw anything like it!
　　How could Talia channel the energies of the fountain to such a degree? Wasn't she a she-wolf? Even if Talia was from the Midnight Guardians pack, what was happening right there transcended what was possible no matter how much in tune with nature Talia was.
　　Since the fountain regained its flames, the witches performed numerous rituals there, and Evanora led most of them, but the high-priestess couldn't stimulate forces of nature to perform such a magnificent display of might. Witches were confident that they were witnessing something monumental. Was Talia secretly a witch and their next high-priestess?
　　And what was going on with Damon? All creatures would embrace the energies of nature, and even if he couldn't use the excess, it would go through him, yet Damon stood there, untouched by the visible energy that was stirring around him. It made witches curious and wary because that was not normal.
　　The scene was strange and captivating, but Keith couldn't immerse himself in the view because he worried about how this will end.
　　With no one explaining what was going on, Keith's mind started producing various scenarios, one worse than the other.
　　This was beyond just Damon being hurt. What if Talia gets hurt also? What will happen to Keith if Talia gets harmed (again!) on his watch? What if both Damon and Talia end up harmed beyond fixing? How was Keith supposed to return to the Dark Howlers pack? And what will happen to the pack without its Alphas?
　　Keith saw Cassandra looking at the fountain with excitement and reality hit him.
　　For the last two days, Keith spent most of the time with Cassandra, Calla, and other healers from the Midnight Guardians pack. He was comfortable with them because they didn't look like they were thinking of eating him up, and Keith forgot that Cassandra was the one who nearly killed Damon. Also, because of Cassandra Damon couldn't feel his mate bond and Talia suffered humiliation. Did Cassandra do something again?
　　The more Keith thought about this, the more he realized that Cassandra's crimes were grave.
　　"This is because of you!", Keith shouted at the Oracle. "Your dark magic affected my Alpha and who knows what will happen next?"
　　Cassandra shook her head fervently. "No, no. The dark magic from his body is gone.", she was speaking desperately in front of Keith's fury, but even she was not convinced in her words. The truth was that the ritual which dispelled the dark magic was way beyond Cassandra's level, but she heard witches saying how Cornelia reported that the ritual was successful and that Damon's energies were clean.
　　...
　　Talia was high on the energy that poured into her like it had no intention to stop. 
　　She could feel every cell of her body and see every crack on the stones that formed the edge of the fountain, and then there were people, animals, heartbeats, and the tiniest movements… it was all like under a magnifying glass for her to see. The gentle sensation was calming, soothing, welcoming... like the whole world was hers and she could end it with a thought, and mortal creatures would gladly accept any fate she chose for them. 
　　The omnipotence was intoxicating and it stirred Talia to get lost in that power, but Talia had no intention of looking further than the man in front of her.
　　She focused on Damon, and she would think that he was gone if she was not holding onto his hands.
　　No matter how much she focused on the space in front of her, there was nothing. Like he was not there.
　　'Damon?', she called through their private mind link. 'Damon!?', this call came with more urgency when he didn't respond.
　　Talia wanted to move but her body refused to obey her command. It was like her consciousness spilled outside the confinement of her fleshy vessel, and it gave her the ability to be aware of everything in the universe, everything except for the one man she wanted to see. 
　　Why was only a blob of impenetrable darkness where Damon was supposed to be?
　　'He is there', Liseli spoke in Talia's mind. 'I can feel the bond. Mate didn't leave.'
　　That didn't pacify Talia because she wanted to see him and confirm that things were fine. The fear of losing him, or him forgetting about her was real and… This was supposed to be a blessing ceremony, where did it go wrong?
　　Talia cursed internally. This was about Damon and her and she should have known that something will go wrong.
　　Talia groaned as she fought mightily to regain her senses. She was confident that she was holding his hands, so he was definitely there, but what if he was suffering? A horrid image flashed in her mind, what if only his hands were there!?
　　'Liseli, help me!', Talia shouted in her mind.
　　'First, you need to calm down', Liseli responded. Talia was a mess and it affected Liseli as well.
　　'OK. OK. I am calm.', Talia said.
　　'You are not. Take a moment or two. When you are ready, you need to push.'
　　Talia was confused. What the heck was that supposed to mean? 'What should I push?'
　　'The energy that seeped into you from the fountain. Keep what you need and push the rest away. Your current state is because of extra energy. Get rid of it and you will be back to normal.'
　　'How do I do that?', Talia asked, her voice much calmer now.
　　'Feel the energies around you, pull them inwardly, in the pit of your stomach, and then blast it away.', Liseli explained, and then she started guiding Talia, 'That's it. You are doing good. A bit more… more… almost…'
　　...
　　The atmosphere around the fountain was tense.
　　Axel and Keith were close to snapping as their eyes darted from the chanting witches to the oddly half-glowing couple in the fountain.
　　Evanora was pale as a sheet of paper, and the five witches behind her were sweating as well. The only one looking fine was Yasmin, but her facial features were arranged in a frown of concern.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 693 Three ceremonies (5)
Chapter 693 Three ceremonies (5)
　　Gasps and murmurs were heard among witches when the light around Talia flickered, dimmed, and then it exploded in all directions; all directions except for where Damon was standing. He was acting like a shield that prevented the light energy from advancing. That went beyond sorcery.
　　The light spilled over the witches like a tidal wave and their panicked expressions became elated when they felt the energy seeping into them. It was like a gentle caress of a mother, an embrace that came with safety and unconditional acceptance... euphoric, definitely much better than anything Evanora produced so far!  
　　"Mom!", Yasmin shouted and reached to hold Evanora who was falling on the ground like a ragdoll.
　　With one thought from Yasmin, Evanora's falling trajectory changed, and the high priestess fell on Yasmin. 
　　Yasmin immediately checked her mother's breathing, and then she turned toward the man who was right next to her. She gave Axel a reassuring smile. "Can you help me take mom to her room? She is exhausted and needs rest."
　　Axel nodded and his eyes roamed over five witches who were also not looking good and then he turned to the fountain to see what was going on with Talia and Damon. He had no intention of leaving before assuring that Talia and Damon were fine.
　　…
　　"Da… Dam… Damon…", Talia's voice drifted toward Damon, her every call sounded clearer than the previous one.
　　Damon saw Talia's silvery eyes full of concern directed at him. Why did she look at him like something really bad happened?
　　"Yes, kitten?", Damon responded while looking around.
　　He saw Evanora's limp form in Axel's arms, and most of the audience was staring at Talia and him.
　　Damon tched in annoyance. Why did Evanora say that she was fine if she couldn't perform the ceremony?
　　"Woah!", Damon exclaimed when Talia threw herself at him.
　　Talia's hug was so tight that her fragile-looking arms were squeezing the air out of his lungs.
　　Damon wondered if Talia was so upset because the ceremony failed. Well, she was looking forward to it. Damon regretted agreeing to this nonsense. It would be better if he refused right away, then Talia wouldn't build up hopes and she wouldn't plunge into this disappointment. But he couldn't allow negativity to take over because his clingy mate needed comforting.
　　"Don't worry, kitten", Damon said. "We will do the ceremony some other time." Maybe never.
　　Talia lifted her head to look at him. "I was so worried. I thought I lost you."
　　Damon was utterly confused. "Lost me? What are you talking about? I am right here." 
　　He would reprimand her for those ominous words, but he could sense that her anxiety was genuine, so he hugged her tightly. The lack of clothes allowed for a lot of skin-to-skin contact, and he used the sparks of their bond to assure Talia that everything was alright. One ceremony more or less won't change a thing between them.
　　Talia realized that something was off with Damon. How can he be so calm after this near-fiasco? 
　　"Damon?", she called. "Is something wrong with you? Are you in pain? How much do you remember?" 
　　The possibility of him losing memories was making her insides tighten, but he was holding her, and he addressed her by that cute nickname only he used so he knew who she was. Hopefully.
　　"What is there to remember? The ceremony started and I saw your eyes glowing", and they were still glowing, but the occasionally flickering told him that it was wearing off. "It barely started, and then I heard you call my name." 
　　He turned to frown at the unconscious Evanora. "The old hag overestimated herself." And because of that Talia was sad now.
　　Talia put her hand on his cheek so that he turns his head to look at her. "Really? Nothing else?"
　　"What else is there?"
　　"Damon", Talia's voice was full of concern. "We had a ceremony. At least a few minutes long." She was not really sure how long it lasted, but her being unable to reach Damon felt like an eternity. "The ceremony started, and your golden designs turned black and…" Talia's voice trailed. The golden-then-black designs on his body were completely gone now. His skin was clean like he came out of a shower. Where did the designs go?
　　She looked at herself to see that golden designs were still there on her, so whatever happened it was on Damon only. Was he really OK?
　　"Minutes?", Damon asked while wondering if she got it wrongly, and then he asked his wolf. 'What do you think?'
　　'I agree with you, boy', Sapa responded. 'It was no more than a second.'
　　"It was maybe a second or two, not more.", Damon confirmed to Talia.
　　"The ceremony can mess with your perception of time", Yasmin said, making both Talia and Damon look at her. "But Talia is right about the duration. Are you two alright? Do you need our healers to check on you?"
　　Damon frowned. "Why wouldn't we be alright?" He didn't want any witch to get a chance of doing more mumbo-jumbo on him or on Talia. 
　　Did Yasmin confirm that he lost a few minutes? Who knew what else he lost? All this sounded creepily strange and he wanted to talk with Talia and calm her down. The way her fingers dug into his back told him that she was needy to confirm they were together and fine, and he couldn't do much comforting in front of all this audience. He wanted to leave, or maybe it was easier to make all those witches scram.
　　Yasmin raised her hands, palms toward Damon, indicating to him to tone down his hostility. "If you feel fine, we can check on you tomorrow. I was asking because, during the ceremony, Talia was glowing like she was the source of magic, while you acted as a repellent for energies."
　　Damon's frown deepened. Did Yasmin call him a repellent? Why did that remind him of those smelly sticks against mosquitoes?
　　He turned to look at Talia. "Are you OK?"
　　Talia nodded in his chest, and she opened up completely to let him feel her emotions. He smiled helplessly when he sensed that her anxiety was replaced by relief with every heartbeat. She was finding comfort in his proximity and it warmed his heart.
　　'Can we go for a run?', Talia's voice sounded in Damon's head.
　　'Absolutely!', Damon responded enthusiastically. Letting go of negativity with a run sounded like an excellent idea. Of course, they could do it by indulging in carnal pleasures also, but he would rather initiate that activity when both were in a good mood.
　　Talia turned to see Axel, Yasmin, Keith, and other witches, all looking at them. "We will go for a run now."
　　Silvery light flickered with Talia in its center, enveloping both Damon and her, and a few seconds later, two wolves leaped from the fountain, leaving a few silvery fabrics to float on the surface of the water.
　　Witches screamed and moved away because two wolves were shaking their bodies vigorously, making the cold droplets fly in every direction.
　　Talia and Damon paused to look at each other and no one said a word when the black wolf rubbed his head on the neck of the light-gray wolf whose fur was nearly white, and it shone in silvery light under the moonlight.
　　Talia smiled at the affectionate Alpha, but she was in her wolf form and her smile looked more like exposing fangs threateningly, so the witches took another step away from them.
　　Yasmin watched as two majestic wolves dashed out of the garden and she pursed her lips.
　　"What are you thinking about?", Axel asked Yasmin.
　　"Nothing, nothing." 
　　Yasmin needed time to think about the events before sharing her observations. But everyone saw that not a speck of light reached Damon during the ceremony, yet now Talia's light enveloped him intimately. Why didn't he repel Talia's energies? Ah, how could Yasmin get more information?
　　Yasmin realized that she will need to think about this some other time. Axel was still holding unconscious Evanora, but first, Yasmin turned to speak to the other witches. "We had three unique ceremonies tonight. Remember them all as they are proof that each of us is different and mother nature treats us as such. Continue the feast in a good mood as we have a lot to celebrate!"
　　After a second of stirring hesitantly, witches cheered, and the crowd moved back to the tables where food and drinks waited for them.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 694 After the ceremonies
Chapter 694 After the ceremonies
　　In Evanora's room…
　　Axel lowered Evanora on her bed and then he turned to Yasmin.
　　"Are you alright?", he asked while his anxious eyes roamed her face and she saw him glancing at her stomach also.
　　Yasmin smiled helplessly at her Alpha. He was holding it together in front of everyone, but now that it was only them, he allowed his insecurities to show.
　　"I am fine, and the babies are fine.", Yasmin assured him before looking at Evanora with a small frown. "Now that mom is like this, I don't think we can have the ceremony to bless our babies."
　　Axel didn't care much about that ceremony. As long as the babies were fine, they can have the ceremony later. But he knew that Yasmin was looking forward to THIS ceremony and if he says how it's not a big deal, her temper might flare. Pregnancy made her quite irritable, and he knew that she shouldn't be provoked.
　　Yasmin's expression turned solemn, and she placed her hands over her belly.
　　"Is there something wrong with our pups?", Axel asked breathily. Her expression didn't look good. Did she overdo with that ceremony nonsense? Ah, he told her to stay out of it, but Yasmin insisted on helping her mother.
　　Yasmin raised her gaze to meet Axel's honeyed eyes that looked at her anxiously.
　　"I think they've grown.", she said.
　　His eyes widened. "Grown? Are you sure?"
　　He moved to look at her from the side, and he was not sure if her stomach was showing now or if his imagination made him see a bump there.
　　Yasmin was trying to make sense of it. For weeks (in the Midnight Guardians pack) she worried because she couldn't feel the babies, yet healers there assured her that everything was fine. And now, she could definitely feel that something changed, as the energies in her abdomen were circulating in a more spherical way than before. But how was that possible? Was it because of the ceremony? Did the energies from the fountain stimulate the development of her babies?
　　"I will get the healers to check in the morning.", Yasmin said. She was also planning to get Talia to channel more of those silvery energies into Yasmin so that she can confirm her theory.
　　"Let's check now."
　　Yasmin refused. "Everyone is at the feast, eating and drinking. Healers are probably drunk and can't do a reliable checkup." And Talia went on a run with Damon. They looked beautiful as two majestic wolves, and Yasmin regretted that she couldn't shapeshift.  
　　Yasmin moved to stand in front of Axel and her arms snaked around his neck. "I sense that our babies are not in danger. I think they are eager to meet us."
　　Axel hugged her tightly, careful not to squeeze her too tightly. This was supposed to be a celebratory feast with ceremonies, yet it turned into one stress after another. But they were fine, and Yasmin sensed a positive development with their pups, and he was happy.
　　Axel took a deep breath, filling his system with her addictive scent of Jasmine which changed slightly due to the pregnancy. They say that the first sign of a she-wolf carrying pups was the change in her scent, and Axel was slightly disappointed in his sense of smell because Talia realized that Yasmin was pregnant before he did.
　　Yasmin and Axel held each other, and they could sense their bodies heating as the amount of skin-to-skin contact reminded them that they were both wearing only cloths below the waist to cover their private areas.
　　Axel enjoyed the feeling of her breasts pressing on his chest, and he couldn't believe how much the sensational sparks of their bond impacted him.
　　For years, Axel traveled with the hope to find his mate. He thought of a mate as a person who will allow him to awaken his powers so that he becomes eligible for the position of the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. And here she was, right in front of him, nearly naked, soft, and beautiful. He was not the Alpha, but it didn't matter because his mate was a fantastic witch who completed him.
　　Axel's eyebrows shoot up when he saw in his mind an image of Yasmin on her knees with his cock in her mouth. Right there… on that carpet… next to Evanora's bed.
　　"Love?", Axel called, his voice was hoarse already because he knew that images in his mind were part of his ability to see the future. Was that Yasmin's future or his? It didn't matter.
　　"Do you have something on your mind?", he asked.
　　Yasmin looked up at him and he recognized that mischievous glint in her eyes. "I want to please my mate, but there is a problem…"
　　"A problem?" Whatever it was, he would take care of it in record time. Should he stuff Evanora in the closet? Or kick her out to the balcony?
　　Yasmin nodded. "I don't think I have enough patience for us to reach our room."
　　Axel's eyes darted toward unconscious Evanora and his attention was back on Yasmin when he picked up the scent of her arousal.
　　Yasmin cocked an eyebrow at Axel. "Why are you looking at my mother? She is unconscious. She can't see or hear us."
　　Yasmin's pregnancy came with a side-effect of increased sexual drive and Axel loved it!
　　Yasmin was never a timid witch, and Axel admired her daring attitude, especially when it came to picking a location for their carnal pleasures. His favorites so far were the restroom by the cafeteria, the storage closet on the second level of the healing center, and the rooftop terrace of the main house.
　　Axel licked his lips slowly as he realized that Yasmin didn't care about her mother who was unconscious only a few steps away. Did he care? Not really.
　　The danger of getting caught while doing the naughty turned them on.
　　"I can be quiet.",  he said.
　　Yasmin smirked and got down on her knees in slow motion. She flicked the fabric that was covering his erection and Axel released a barely audible 'Ah' when she took him into her mouth. The future he saw was coming true and he knew that next they will move to the brown sofa that was five steps to his right, and it will be wonderful.
　　…
　　Liseli and Sapa ran through the scarce forest in the witches' realm.
　　Talia tried to focus on the sensation of the wind running through her fur, and the dirt under her paws, but it was hard to enjoy this run considering what happened earlier that evening.
　　'You need to stop worrying', Liseli growled at Talia.
　　'Sorry. I can't help it', Talia responded.
　　Normally, when running in wolf form, Liseli would take the lead while Talia stayed awake to enjoy the feeling of freedom until Sapa and Liseli requested privacy. But now Talia was thinking about the odd things from the ceremony and her concern spilled on Liseli.
　　'Sapa is fine', Liseli said before adding, 'And Damon is fine as well. They are not aware of what happened, and we won't get any answers until we talk to Evanora. Maybe there is nothing wrong with mate. It could be related to me, or the fountain, or maybe their chants were not strong enough for an Alpha who has an ancient wolf like Sapa. So many things could be the cause of what happened and there is a chance we never get answers. Are you going to worry and spoil our whole night?'
　　Talia agreed with this. If anyone could give them some clues to what happened, it will be the high priestess. And they won't be able to talk with her until the next day, possibly longer, depending on Evanora's condition.
　　'Sorry for spoiling your fun. I will retreat now and…'
　　'I know, I know…', Liseli interrupted Talia. 'If anything suspicious happens with Sapa or Damon, I will let you know.'
　　'Thanks, Lis', Talia said before retracting at the back of Liseli's mind so that the two wolves can have privacy.
　　'Finally alone?', Sapa's voice sounded in Liseli's mind.
　　'How do you know?'
　　'The worry from you is gone.' He reminded her that he can sense her emotions.
　　Liseli snorted. Did he think she was not worried? Of course, she was! Just as Talia was afraid of losing Damon, Liseli was terrified of anything going wrong with Sapa. However, Sapa and Liseli lost too much time, and overthinking what-ifs was a waste of the perfect night that she could spend with her mate.
　　Liseli nipped Sapa's ear and he looked at her in confusion.
　　They were having a moment, and she bit him!
　　'Catch me if you can!', she exclaimed and ran like the wind.
　　It took Sapa a moment to realize that Liseli was playful.  
　　"AWOOOOO!"
　　Sapa's howl shook the surroundings and then he ran after her. He loved a good chase!
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 695 Jay and Cora (5)
Chapter 695 Jay and Cora (5)
　　Sun was rising to paint the sky with magnificent oranges and pinks, the increasing light seeped into Cornelia's room where two unmoving bodies laid on the bed.
　　James was on his side and observing his chocolate-colored Goddess. Cornelia. Cora. His mate. She was the definition of beauty.
　　The thin blanket covered them waist-down, and he could see her shoulders, breasts, and stomach. Every inch of her was perfect.
　　The golden designs smeared due to their repeated lovemaking, and they all blended into Cornelia's melanin-rich skin, giving her a golden hue that looked natural.
　　James didn't sleep last night. He was elated and excited, and now he was worried.
　　He had no regrets, but he was high after the ceremony, and he felt the bond and the pull, and his wolf was messing with his mind, and they did it. They made love, many times. And he marked her and she was his.
　　There shouldn't be problems, but James was aware that the craze from last night subsided.
　　He could feel the bond between them now, the delicious sparks prickled his skin wherever they touched, and he definitely wanted to have sex with Cornelia more. However, his mind was clear, and he feared that Cornelia will be clearheaded also and she might regret what they did last night.
　　James chided himself for not holding back at least a little bit. He was acting like a savage, going at it until Cornelia barely held her eyes open. James got a wet towel and wiped her body, and she barely moved. He really was a beast. What if she hates him now?  
　　Cornelia stirred in her sleep and James' anxiety shoot through the roof. Will she wake up now? What if she tells him to scram? He didn't want to leave her, he couldn't. It would kill him.
　　He held his breath when he realized that her eyelids were shaking.
　　And there it was… she opened her eyes slowly and blinked a few times and then her deep brown eyes settled on him.
　　Mental images from last night flashed in Cornelia's mind, reminding her of what transpired in that room between James and her, explaining their naked bodies and the soreness in her midsection.
　　The effect of the last night's ceremony wore off, but Cornelia could feel that the connection between her and James solidified. She wondered if he somehow matured overnight, or if she was imagining it.
　　Cornelia forced herself not to look away. What was done was done and she couldn't take it back, and even if she could, she wouldn't. It was natural to be with a soulmate and she didn't want him to think that she felt bad about the sex, or about the marking, or about this intimacy that was new, because none of that was forced.
　　From the moment she felt the pull, Cornelia wanted to be with James, and now that he marked her, he confirmed that he wanted the same. It was not just empty words and promises, it was marking, and that was forever. The person she loved, loved her back, and she was happy. It was that simple, and she didn't want to complicate things.  
　　James' insides jolted when her lips lifted into a smile. Was she smiling at him? Or maybe she just had a good dream and once she remembers what happened she will slap him?  
　　"Good morning, Jay", she said lazily and moved closer to him.
　　James wanted to pinch himself. It's not that Cornelia came closer to snuggle, but she hugged him and buried her face in his chest!
　　Was he dreaming?
　　But if that was a dream, where did all that happiness come from? Was it possible that those were her emotions, and he could sense them through their strengthened mate bond?
　　James' arms wrapped around Cornelia, and he buried his face into her hair, taking deep breaths to fill his system with the sweet scent of berries; each inhale was a confirmation that this was real, it was happening, Cornelia was awake, and she was not cursing him or pushing him away!
　　"How are you feeling, Cora?", he asked cautiously.
　　"Are you asking about my neck?"
　　"I am asking about all of you. Are you in pain? Is there any discomfort? Do you want me to bring some food or…?"
　　"Just hold me, Jay", she interrupted whatever he was about to ask next.
　　"Cora?", he didn't want to bring up the topic which plagued his mind while she was sleeping, but he had to get it out there. "Are you blaming me for what I did last night?" He wanted to make sure that she won't hate him for marking her.
　　Cornelia lifted her head to look at him. "What YOU did? How much I remember, I was a willing participant." James went to the length of cutting his hand on a glass so that he snaps out of his lustful daze, and then he asked for her permission. "Why would I blame you?"
　　James' heart cracked as it was unable to contain all the emotions that swelled within him. Cornelia's eyes were full of understanding and love, and no one ever looked at him that way. The acceptance and approval were things he craved for as a child, and he labeled them as not important while he was growing up, but now that he was getting those from his mate, he had to admit that they were important. They were everything.  
　　James swallowed the pinch that formed in the back of his throat. He won't cry. "Don't worry about it. I was just overthinking things."
　　"I love your mind, James", Cornelia said, and the fact that she used his full name meant that she was serious. "But please, don't overthink it in the direction where I think badly of you. You are my other half and whatever I feel toward you, I feel towards myself as well. And I love myself."
　　"Does that mean you love me?"
　　Cornelia's eyes shifted uncomfortably. She told him last night that she loved him, more than once, and that was in the throes of passion, and now it was embarrassing.
　　"I told you already", she said.
　　"Say it again, Cora", James insisted.
　　Cornelia puffed her cheeks in protest. "Why don't you say it?"
　　"I love you, Cora. You are my most important person now, and you always will be", James said without missing a beat.
　　"I… I…", she inhaled forcibly. "Feel the same."
　　James couldn't believe this. "Why are you not saying it? Are you shy now? After everything we did last night?"
　　Cornelia looked at him stubbornly. "It doesn't matter what we did last night. It was the first time for me to do such things, so please don't tease me or take it lightly."
　　She didn't say more than that, but James heard the rest of her words that were left unspoken. It was not the first time for him. He wanted to assure her that it was equally important to him, maybe more, but going that way could backfire, and he needed to tread carefully. He didn't want to spoil this morning; not now when he confirmed that she didn't blame him for what happened last night. She accepted that he claimed her and marked her, and that meant she accepted him as her mate.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 696 Jay and Cora (6)
Chapter 696 Jay and Cora (6)
　　James kissed Cornelia softly, and he loved that she responded not only with her lips but by the way her body leaned into his.
　　His cock lurched painfully to remind him that they were awake and waiting, but James wanted to say a few things before things turned heated.
　　"Last night was fantastic. I have no intention of taking it lightly. If there is Heaven, I was in it, and it was thanks to you. There are so many things I want to do with you, Cora, and we have our lifetimes to do it. Our journey together only started so there is no need to rush, but let's not drag things either because there are certain points we need to address before we can relax." James made a dramatic pause before continuing. "You are the best thing that happened to me, Cora. I am ecstatic that you accepted me as your mate. I promise to treat you well. You won't regret this."
　　He was thinking about them while she was sleeping, and he had to get it out of his system. He didn't want to allow for the possibility of Cornelia misunderstanding him and putting a distance between them.
　　Cornelia was looking at James with her eyes open wide. She didn't expect this confession, and James was not done talking.
　　"I can't stay here, not now. I hope you will come with me to the Red Moon pack because I can't imagine being away from you. I will do everything in my power to keep you safe and by the time we need to go there, I will have a plan for how I will accomplish that. The only thing I need to know is that you are willing to take this risk for me. For us."
　　Cornelia released a long breath. He was serious and the topic was serious, but she was having difficulty focusing because they were naked in bed, and she could feel his erection on her stomach.
　　How could he talk so steadily while he was aroused?
　　Cornelia wanted to assure him that they were on the same page. She could see his insecurity and it was killing her from the inside because she caused it.
　　"I don't want us to be apart either. However, putting ourselves in a dangerous situation because of our feelings is not justified. Let's assume we find a way for your people to not notice my presence or changes in your behavior when you start disappearing so that you can be with me. No matter how skilled we are or what tricks we use, eventually, someone will notice. Then what?"
　　He knew that Cornelia had a point. So far, James spent his time studying and training, and if he suddenly starts going somewhere, people will notice. However, his mentor (aka George) was there, and James already planned to use George for openings to spend time with Cornelia. And also… "This won't last longer than two years." His eighteenth birthday was a hard stop. "Before that, we will live somewhere else, wherever you want. I don't plan for us to stay in the Red Moon pack long, but bailing out now is not an option."
　　Cornelia nodded in understanding. James told her that if he doesn't return home soon, his father will use that against Damon and there was a big chance for a war to start.
　　"So, what's your plan?", Cornelia asked.
　　"I'm still thinking about it.", James admitted. Waiting for his eighteenth birthday in the Red Moon pack would be suicidal. He needed to make his exit before that. "As a last resort, I could stage my death in a way that won't implicate others. But I hope to find a more elegant solution."
　　There was also the scenario of George issuing an Alpha challenge to Alpha Edward, and James had confidence that would end with Alpha Edward's loss. However, that whole play was outside of James' control and even if it happens, no one could predict what members of the Red Moon pack would do without their Alpha, but one thing was certain: it would be chaotic.
　　"If you need my help, I'm available.", Cornelia said, surprising him with this offer. "How much I understood, your kind is not aware of witches and magic. Maybe I can do something to make your disappearance more believable."
　　James didn't want to implicate her into his messy life. It was his mess and he wanted to deal with it. "I will keep that in mind."
　　"I am serious", Cornelia said sternly. Did he think she wouldn't notice he was brushing her off? "We are mates, two halves of a whole, and that whole means good and bad things. Don't keep me out. If I'm facing a problem, would it be OK if I exclude you?"
　　James smiled at her foolishly. She was serious. Seriously hot and he wanted to devour her.
　　"I won't exclude you, Cora", James said while pushing her on her back with his body.
　　He hovered above her, his deep blue eyes staring into her brown ones as he spoke, "Going forward, you will always know exactly where I am and what I'm up to. I can't plan for your assistance because I'm not aware of the extent of what you can do, so I will rely on you to volunteer your services when applicable and I will be happy to accept your help as long as it doesn't put you in danger. Is that acceptable?"
　　"Yes", she responded happily.
　　James' eyes moved to the left side of her neck and he smiled at the sight of his mark that was forming there. It looked like a bruise, but he knew that in a few days, it will be a unique pattern to symbolize that Cornelia was his.
　　"You are wearing my mark now, Cora", he said. His voice was deeper by an octave and it made Cornelia feel butterflies in her stomach that went crazy when his eyes locked on hers with an intensity that left her breathless. 
　　"You are mine", he growled.  
　　"Yours", she confirmed.
　　James smirked in approval and moved to kiss the spot where his mark was forming. He enjoyed the way Cornelia's body trembled under him.
　　James heard stories about how the mark is a sensitive spot, almost like an erogenous zone if touched by a mate.  
　　Curious about the effects of his mark, he licked her there, and Cornelia's arms snapped around his torso as a hearty moan escaped her lips. His cock lurched painfully. Damn, he was about to blow! But not yet. While Cornelia slept, James was thinking about the things he wanted to do to her, and now that she was awake and clinging to him, James had no intention of keeping his hands (and the rest of his body) to himself.
　　James trailed kisses as he moved down her body. Collarbones, and then he kissed each of her breasts and between them, another kiss landed on her navel, and another above her neatly trimmed intimate bush, and then he spread her legs wide as far as they go, and he stared into her glistening pussy.
　　James took a deep breath, savoring the scent of wild berries that intensified due to her arousal.
　　"James…", Cornelia called breathily while clutching his hand nervously.
　　"Let me taste you, Cora", James said, his words splashed against her tender flesh.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 697 The breakfast feast
Chapter 697 The breakfast feast
　　James stared at Cornelia's intimate bush as possessed while spreading her glistening folds with his fingers to expose her pleasure button.
　　He touched her there plenty of times last night, but this was the first time for him to get so close. He really wanted to lick her there.
　　James raised his gaze to meet Cornelia's. "I was dreaming about this while you were sleeping."
　　She was staring at him without blinking, and the fact that she didn't , told him that he didn't need to persuade her further.
　　James didn't break the eye contact as he lowered his face into her, and he loved seeing her breasts jiggling when she jolted at the same time when his tongue landed on her clit.
　　"Mmm…", he hummed while licking her. She tasted fantastic! It was sweet with a touch of tartness just like wild berries, and he wanted to drown in those juices.
　　Cornelia's body was twitching uncontrollably, so James' arms moved under her thighs and he gripped her hips to hold her in place while burying his face into her.
　　He wondered if he will know how to do this right, but her moans told him he was doing fine. Better than fine.
　　Cornelia fisted the bedsheets and gasped for air, unsure how to deal with this sudden invasion on her pleasure centers. The room was spinning, and she was biting her lower lip harshly to suppress her sounds.
　　"Let me hear you, Cora", James spoke against her flesh. When she didn't obey, he lifted his head to look at her. "Say my name. Say that you are mine. Say that you are fucking mine! I need to hear it. Let the whole world hear that you are mine!"
　　"Yours… just yours…", she rasped.
　　He hummed in approval and then his lips latched around her clit, and he sucked on it while his tongue flicked it in inexplicable ways and Cornelia dissolved in a mass of moans, sobs, and cries, and there was James' name in there somewhere.
　　James groaned and continued his ministrations as her body spasmed in ecstasy. It was early in the morning, the day was still young, and they had their lifetimes ahead of them. James had no intention of wasting a single minute of it. He planned to eat her up, and then he will fuck her thoroughly, they will clean themselves up, and then the cycle will repeat.  
　　…
　　After Liseli and Sapa returned from the run, Talia and Damon went to their room and made love and woke up energized for more lovemaking before breakfast. Nothing was out of place, and it made Talia wonder if she was exaggerating the whole not-able-to-feel-Damon incident due to the fear of losing him that was settled into her bones.
　　The sun was rising when Talia and Damon left their room in search of food.
　　Talia had no problem being nude in front of Damon, but once they determined it was time to head out she was happy to wear a t-shirt and shorts. Also, her mother's necklace was now tucked out of sight, under the t-shirt.
　　Seeing that Talia was making sure the necklace didn't show, Damon said, "I thought you wanted to ask witches if they can help you unlock the message in that necklace."
　　Talia puffed her cheeks. "That was the plan but now... I'm not sure that's a good idea."
　　"Why?", Damon asked. They talked about it. The necklace was magical, and witches were experts in magical items.
　　"What if they want to keep it? What if they ruin it? We don't even know if there is any message inside. It's the only thing my mother left me."
　　"It's OK", Damon assured her. "Follow your gut feeling. Even if you don't show them the necklace now, you can do it some other time."
　　Talia smiled at Damon gratefully. His words calmed her down.  
　　Last night, Talia left the necklace in the room, because it was standing out on Talia's (almost) naked body. Damon suggested that Talia leaves the necklace on due to the possibility of the ceremony triggering any message that Talia's mother left behind in that piece of jewelry. Talia was tempted, but then she refused. If there was a message, Talia didn't want to end up hearing it in front of the whole audience of witches. Besides, what were the odds of her mother predicting a fountain in the witches' realm as a way to unlock the message?
　　In their search for food, Damon and Talia were drawn to the noise which came from the garden and they were surprised to see that the last night's feast that was still ongoing. Many witches were eating, and based on their messy hair and slurred speech, it was obvious that some of them didn't go to their rooms to sleep at all.
　　In any case, the mood was good.
　　Talia met Keith's concerned gaze coming from the table where he was sitting with Calla and three more healers from the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　Talia went there to wish them good morning and she gave Keith a reassuring smile. "We are fine, Keith. Both of us are fine." She knew that he was worried about her and Damon. "But you don't look well."
　　Keith waved his hand like it was not important. After his last night's outburst at Cassandra, he couldn't make himself talk to her. Luckily, the Oracle didn't appear at the feast after the ceremony, and he could sit at that table where healers were so witches won't bother him.
　　Some of the witches were coming there as servers, and they used that opportunity to rub on his arm or shoulder, so he needed to stay vigilant because witches were less restrained under the influence of alcohol.
　　Keith didn't regret his words to Cassandra. They were true. She acted against Alpha Damon and caused many troubles. If this was a normal situation, she would be sentenced to death. How can be friendly with an enemy of his pack?
　　Unfortunately, Cassandra was one of the few people in the realm of witches who could hold a decent conversation without Keith fearing that she will eat him up.
　　How Keith saw this, if they decided to return home (or at least to the Midnight Guardians pack) that same day, it would be perfect. But he didn't want to complain to Talia. She was here with Alpha Damon, her mate, and Keith was just a guard and he needed to focus on his duty.
　　Talia glanced at the table where she should sit with Damon and noticed that the other two couples were not present.
　　"Did you see Liam or James this morning?", Talia asked Keith.
　　Keith shook his head. "They didn't come out yet. I met Yasmin earlier so I know that she arranged for the food to be left in front of their rooms."
　　Talia guessed that Liam and Amelia will stay in the room seeking solitude, but James and Cornelia staying in came as a pleasant surprise.
　　They all knew that James and Cornelia were a couple, but the fact that they spent the night (and the morning) together, meant that their relationship was cemented. That was confirmation of how one more witch will be staying in the human realm, and Talia saw this as another reason for the portal to connect the Dark Howlers pack and the Silver Flame Coven. Now only if she could find Evanora and convince her to make one, that would be perfect.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 698 Discussing portals (1)
Chapter 698 Discussing portals (1)
　　It was late morning when Talia and Damon found Evanora sitting on the edge of the Silver Flame fountain and staring at the water.
　　Evanora had breakfast in her room, so they didn't see each other since the last night's ceremony that ended with Evanora collapsing.
　　"Good morning", Talia wished before asking, "How are you feeling?" 
　　Evanora raised her head to see Talia and Damon approaching her. "I'm good. Thank you. How about you?"
　　"We are alright.", Talia responded.
　　"I'm sure you have questions about what happened last night.", Evanora said.
　　Talia was glad that she didn't need to beat around the bush. That was one of the reasons why she wanted to talk to Evanora. "Yes. What can you tell us about it?"
　　Instead of answering, Evanora eyed Damon suspiciously. "Are you sure he is fine?"
　　Damon hid his displeasure behind a frown. What did she mean by that? He was not defective, alright? But he also remembered that due to a nasty spell he forgot about Talia, so he didn't voice his complaints.
　　Talia responded, "Damon's body is fine. Your healers confirmed it after breakfast." Talia forced him to go for a checkup. "The one thing that stands out is how from Damon's point of view, the ceremony lasted only a second or two."
　　Evanora looked at Talia. "And you?"
　　Talia felt discomfort while remembering the void in front of her where Damon was supposed to be. "For me, it felt like a long time. The energies intensified my senses, and I could feel everything except for the space where he was. It was like he was not there. It was like… the space where he was, was not there. Do you know what it means?"
　　Evanora shook her head. "This is the first time I've heard of anything like it. But we can always look into our old records. Maybe we can find some clue."
　　Talia wanted to agree, but she could imagine that witches had a lot of records. How long will that take? As much as she was hungry for answers, she didn't want to spend her vacation buried in old parchment and deciphering faded scribbles. And also, what if this was a ploy to keep them there?
　　"Do you know what's the source of your power?"
　　Evanora's question pulled Talia out of her daze.
　　"The source of my power?", Talia asked, unsure if Evanora's question was directed at Liseli's existence, or maybe at her bloodline.
　　Talia had no intention of revealing anything about Liseli, and she didn't know her mother, but she could bring up her father.
　　"My father was Valerian Moonrider. He was the next Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, but due to unclear circumstances, he disappeared, and his sister took over the pack."
　　Evanora was curious. "Unclear circumstances?" She noticed that Talia forgot to mention the second source of her gene pool. "Who was your mother?"
　　"I don't know who my mother was. I was a baby when my father left me with Axel's parents and said that he had something urgent to handle. That was the last time anyone from the Midnight Guardians pack saw him."
　　"I see", Evanora said absentmindedly and stood up. "I will leave you…"
　　"Wait!", Talia exclaimed. Did Evanora really think that she can leave just like that? "About the portals…"
　　Evanora frowned. "I still didn't recuperate since last night and I want to rest. Let's talk about it later."
　　Talia couldn't believe this! Was Evanora trying to dodge talking about the portals AGAIN? She steeled her resolve to use her last resort. "You owe me a favor. I lit up the flames in this fountain and you said that you will fulfill my request. We had a deal, right?"
　　Evanora's expression stiffened. "Right."
　　"This is my request. I want us to talk about what is needed to create a portal."
　　Evanora stared at Talia like she was growing a second head. "Are you sure you want to use your favor for a talk?"
　　"An honest talk.", Talia clarified.
　　Evanora narrowed her eyes. "If one uses a deal, witches can't lie. We will stay within the confinements of the deal or suffer serious consequences. That's how things work."
　　'Yeah, right', Talia thought. They will stay within the confinements of the deal, but they will also use ambiguous terms and scheming to make it work in their favor. 
　　At the thought of ambiguous words, Talia got an idea to prevent those by being specific.
　　"I won't insist that the portal should be opened. But I want us to discuss ways how it can be done. I am confident that Yasmin, Cornelia, and Amelia are only the first witches to have soulmates outside of this realm, and there will be many others. With our increased collaboration, a portal would be convenient for everyone. At the end of the talk, if we establish that we can create a portal to connect the Silver Flame Coven with the Dark Howlers pack, and you are not willing, I want to hear why. That's it."
　　"That sounds like a good deal to me.", Yasmin's voice drifted from the side.
　　Talia turned to see Yasmin and Axel walking toward them.
　　"I am also curious about the portals", Yasmin said. "You don't mind if we join, right?"
　　"No", Evanora said, surprising everyone present.
　　"No, for which one?", Damon asked. The meaning could be, 'No, I don't mind if you join', but Evanora's stern tone was more like, 'No, you can't join.'
　　Evanora looked at Talia. "If Yasmin is present, we won't be having that talk."
　　Talia was surprised by the blunt rejection. But then, Evanora said that she was not lying so maybe this was normal. After all, Evanora is the high priestess, and she didn't need to sugarcoat her words.
　　Yasmin couldn't believe this. "What is so important that I can't hear it? You know that I can just go to our archives and dig out the information myself."
　　"You can't", Evanora said stiffly. "Information about portals is not there."
　　"Where is it?", Yasmin asked. Did they have a secret library or something?
　　Evanora shook her head. "No one knows. When your aunt Summer left with her group to investigate portals, they took everything written we had. They didn't return and we never found any trace of them."
　　"So, if you don't have any documents, how are you going to tell me about portals?", Talia asked.
　　Evanora tapped her temple, indicating that she has the information in her mind. "One of the first spells I mastered was committing things to memory. I practiced by going to the archives and memorizing whatever I could get my hands on."
　　'The witch is lying!', Liseli growled in Talia's mind. 'If she memorized whatever she could get her hands on, why did she tell us to check the archives for clues related to what happened last night? Or should we really believe that she memorized only portal-related things?'
　　Talia had to agree with Liseli. 
　　'Let me force my way in and see what she has in there', Liseli growled and Talia panicked.
　　'If you force your way in, she might become an imbecile. How will we explain that to other witches? What about Yasmin?'
　　'No one will know that we did it', Liseli said smugly. 'Think about it. Can we trust the words that come out of that old hag?'
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 699 Discussing portals (2)
Chapter 699 Discussing portals (2)
　　Talia was conflicted.
　　Liseli was eager to take charge, but Talia didn't want to do anything rashly. They came here on a FRIENDLY visit, damn it!
　　However, Liseli had a point. Was there any use in talking to Evanora if Talia couldn't trust her?
　　Evanora said how she was not lying, but what if that was a lie? And what if Evanora bluntly rejected Yasmin as a way to distract Talia so that she can't tell truth from falsehood? Ah, all this was stressful!
　　'Let's try talking first', Talia said to Liseli.
　　Talia could feel Liseli's hostility and it was hard to pacify the ancient spirit.
　　Liseli disliked Evanora since the mate-for-mate deal. Sure, Axel ended up jumping into it, and then Evanora gave up on cashing it in when it was confirmed that Axel and Yasmin were mates. However, if not for Axel, there was a chance that Talia would be facing the choices of Damon (and Sapa) being free and not remembering Talia (and Liseli), and the other choice of Damon regaining his memories, but being forced to stay with witches. Unacceptable!  
　　'What is there to talk?', Liseli hissed. 'The old hag can lie her mouth off. And what's the deal with Yasmin not being able to hear it?'
　　Again, Talia agreed with Liseli's points. It was strange. Was Evanora insisting for Yasmin to stay out of it because Evanora wanted to lie (or worse), and she didn't want to do it in front of Yasmin?
　　Talia steeled her resolve and spoke to Evanora. 
　　"I want to use my deal with you on discussing the portals. I expect that you will tell me everything you know about them. And I want Damon, Axel, and Yasmin to be present. You are welcome to add more people from your side if you wish."
　　Evanora shook her head. "Not Yasmin. You don't understand. This impacts our family."
　　"Then, more so I should be there.", Yasmin said. "Mother, you said how the written documents are gone. Knowledge will be preserved by sharing it with other members of the Coven. Or do you plan to take it to your grave?"
　　Evanora sucked in a breath. "Are you cursing me to die?"
　　Yasmin rolled her eyes. "I'm just stating the facts, mother. We all come from nature and we will all return to nature, eventually. No one lives forever."
　　"I will get some other witches to join. Serena and…"
　　"Me.", Yasmin interrupted Evanora, this time she was visibly angry as her pregnancy hormones fanned her temper. "Information about portals is sensitive. Who is better to carry the legacy of the Coven than me? Or are you saying that Serena is more important than I am?"
　　"Of course, not. But…"
　　"Then, it's settled.", Yasmin said. "Let's go to mother's office. No one can eavesdrop there."
　　…
　　No other witch joined them, and for the next hour, Evanora was talking about portals.
　　Evanora didn't know the details of setting up a portal, because the blueprints were missing, but she was familiar with the theory about runes, diagrams, and materials needed.
　　Talia listened attentively, and she was glad that Yasmin was taking notes because Evanora's explanation sounded esoteric to Talia's non-witchy brain.
　　When Evanora ended her explanation, she asked, "Any questions?"
　　"Yes", Damon said right away. "Based on what you've said, the prerequisite for a portal to open is that these things need to be set up on both entrance and exit. If that was true, how were initial portals created?"
　　Evanora looked at Damon like he was an ignorant child. "There are legends which talk about ancient creatures who were able to cross great distances at will. The portals we have are their legacy to provide lesser creatures with the convenience of travel."
　　Damon eyed Evanora suspiciously. "Are you talking about Gods? Do you believe that such creatures existed?"
　　Evanora stifled a laugh, noticing that he spoke in the past tense. "As a werewolf, you should believe in the Moon Goddess. If she can decide on your soulmate from the moment you were born, bless you with powers and the ability to shapeshift, why is it difficult to believe that she can cross realms with a thought? You believe in the Moon Goddess, and we worship nature. No matter what you call it, nearly every creature believes in existences that are above them. Time and retelling changed the original stories but the fact is that all legends were based on truth."
　　Damon's brows came in a frown. She was right. All legends were based on truth. Even the silly belief that there are mermaids at the bottom of the lake next to Darkbourne started because of the unusual movements down there. Damon wondered when will Talia mention that phenomenon to Evanora.
　　Yasmin raised her hand, like an obedient child in school. When Evanora waved at her to go ahead, Yasmin spoke, "Portals twist the space between two points. If we don't know how to set it up, the portal can work in reverse and increase the space."
　　Evanora cocked an eyebrow. "Was there a question in there?"
　　Yasmin pressed her lips into a line and glared at her mother.
　　Over the last hour, Evanora said a lot, but it was useless.
　　It all looked like a pile of Legos without instructions on how to put them together. Oh, and there was a chance that some of the pieces were missing. Axel had an impressive collection of Legos at home, and Yasmin was playing with them in her free time so she knew that the same pieces could create different shapes, depending on how they came together.
　　Sure, they can use this information to start experimenting, but even if they manage to open the portal, going in there would be suicidal. What if one gets in and exits on the other side a hundred years later? Yasmin remembered how James mentioned drones, so maybe they could use that.
　　Yasmin pushed the useless thoughts to the side because one thing was bugging her.
　　"Mom", she called. "Why was this something I couldn't hear? You said it's a family thing. Is it related to my father?"
　　The way Evanora lowered her gaze, told Yasmin that she hit a nail on the head.
　　"Is father's disappearance connected to the portals?", Yasmin asked. "Part of the deal was that you will disclose everything related to the portals."
　　"Do you really want to talk about it in front of outsiders?"
　　"Yes!", Yasmin exclaimed. She feared that if she gives Evanora a breather, she will find a way to wiggle out of it. "Besides, Axel is family, and so are Talia and Damon."
　　Evanora pressed her lips into a line while sorting out her thoughts. She didn't tell Yasmin much about her father because Evanora feared that Yasmin will go looking for him. Was he alive? Evanora was not sure. The connection between them was gone, but she never felt the ache that came with losing a soulmate, so she believed that he was out there… somewhere.
　　Evanora hoped that he will return when the time was right, and then he will explain what happened and make it up to them after centuries of separation because Evanora didn't know much, and she had a bunch of questions of her own.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 700 Edgar and Evanora [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 700 Edgar and Evanora [Bonus chapter]
　　Evanora released a long breath and looked at Yasmin's pleading eyes directed at her. She denied Yasmin this information for too long. It was time for the girl to get some answers about her father.
　　"When I met your father, this realm was different. We had several portals open and people were coming in and out at will. Sisters of the Silver Flame Coven lived outside, in nature, with nature, and we would gather to celebrate milestones.", Evanora said in one breath and paused. "When I met him, I knew immediately that he was my soulmate. He said that he will take me to his realm, but later he changed his mind and we stayed here." 
　　Evanora spread her arms like she was gesturing at everything around her. "This was the place where high-ranking sisters stayed. It was an administrative building, a gathering point for the Silver Flame Coven. Your father was the one who suggested creating the illusion so that the entrance is hidden."
　　"In time, the number of outsiders was reducing as the portals started closing. We formed teams to investigate and try to reopen them, your father was at the head of that research, but it was in vain. One day, we had an energy disturbance in the North. He went with a team to see what was causing it. He never came back."
　　Yasmin stared at her mother. Evanora didn't speak about Yasmin's father and a few times when Yasmin asked, Evanora had a pained expression, so Yasmin assumed that he abandoned them and she even hated him for leaving her pregnant mother on her own, but now it seemed that he encountered some accident.
　　"Did you look for him?", Yasmin asked anxiously.
　　"Of course, I did", Evanora snapped. "But there was nothing. Like they disappeared into thin air."
　　"Do you think that they passed through a portal?", Damon asked.
　　Evanora shrugged, indicating that she was not sure. "At that time, we were experimenting with reopening the portals, and the disturbance matched something an unstable portal could create. However, we didn't have any approved tests in that area, so it was unusual. That's why he went to investigate."
　　"Was the portal to the Midnight Guardians pack open then?", Axel asked Evanora.
　　"No. That portal was closed for a very long time."
　　Yasmin asked her next question, "Was it possible that someone entered the realm and attacked them? Or that my father left through a portal?"
　　"I told you everything I know, Yasmin.", Evanora said. "Shortly after they left, the disturbance was gone. Anything beyond that is just guessing. We assumed that they dealt with the issue, and when they didn't return after some time, we went to look but there was nothing. Shortly after that, I found out that I was pregnant so I couldn't take risks."
　　Evanora now turned to Talia. "There. That's all. Our deal is completed."
　　"It is", Talia confirmed while her eyes darted to Yasmin who was visibly shaken up by this information. 
　　Talia saw Evanora's hand waiting for a handshake, and Talia realized that the witch wanted to close the deal. Did Evanora really tell her everything about the portal there was to tell? Talia had no way to verify, so she shook Evanora's hand and white light flashed upon contact.
　　"I'm sorry I can't tell you more about your father, Yasmin", Evanora said, this time sounding genuine. "But I know that he loved me, and he would love you as well only if he had a chance to meet you."
　　"You can tell me more.", Yasmin said.
　　"I told you everything…"
　　"His name.", Yasmin interrupted her. "What was his name?"
　　"Edgar", Evanora responded.
　　"I want you to tell me about him. How he looked, what he liked to eat, how you met. Everything."
　　"Now?"
　　Yasmin was impatient, but she realized that her emotions were fluctuating. She decided to leave talking about her father for later. After so much time, waiting a few more days won't make a difference. Besides, if there was really a portal there and her father passed through it, investigating that place and finding clues was more important compared to listening to Evanora recollecting her romance.
　　"Not now, but soon. What I want to know now is the exact location of the incident he was investigating, and any reports you have from that time.", Yasmin said with resolve. "Is any of the sisters present that was investigating his disappearance?"
　　"I know what you are thinking. But that happened a long time ago and we looked everywhere.", Evanora said to Yasmin.
　　"You did, but we didn't.", Talia said and turned to Yasmin. "Let's look for your father together. There was no body so we can't be sure he perished. He might be still alive." Talia was also hoping that her parents might be alive. Was this connected somehow? That would be a stretch.
　　Yasmin's eyes filled with tears at the sight of determined Talia and Damon who was right there nodding in agreement.
　　'Kitten?', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head through their private mind-link. 'Are you thinking of doing something reckless again?'
　　Talia turned to smile at the overprotective Alpha. 'It's just to check the area. How can that be reckless? Besides, you will be right by my side to keep me safe.'
　　Damon's eyebrows twitched. He had a bad feeling about this.
　　Evanora looked at Yasmin who was talking to Axel about water and healthy snacks they will pack for their trip. With coordinates from Evanora, Yasmin can teleport them there, but Axel wanted to have nourishment for his pregnant mate. She was eating for three now. Damon also joined in the discussion about food and Talia started teasing him if an Alpha needs to pack sandwiches for an outing or if he can hunt when he gets hungry. Axel and Yasmin laughed at this comment and Damon's comical expression.
　　Evanora wanted to say that she will go as well, but somehow, after seeing the cheery mood among the four youngsters, she felt like an outsider.
　　At least Yasmin was in good spirits, Evanora thought. She feared that Yasmin will be sad or blame her for keeping this from her, and Yasmin was probably doing that, but she didn't want to show it.
　　Everyone who sees the mother-daughter duo says how Evanora and Yasmin are alike, but that was only skin-deep because Yasmin's personality resembled her father's. Yasmin always had her ways of doing things, achieving unexpected with determination and a spirit ready for adventure while making it look easy... Just how her father used to do things.
　　Before leaving Evanora's office, they finalized their plan.
　　"Let's go tomorrow after breakfast", Yasmin said. "That will give us the whole day to check the area. I will get the coordinates and prepare the spell for instant travel."
　　Since he had nothing else to do, Axel expressed his desire to see the archive of the Silver Flame Coven. Evanora said how information about the portals was gone, but what if she missed something? 
　　Axel was not a witch, but there were probably all kinds of useful information in there. 
　　Seeing Evanora's frown of disapproval, Axel was quick to come up with an excuse.
　　"I want to see if you have any recorded history of interaction with the Midnight Guardians pack."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 701 Males can't be witches?
Chapter 701 Males can't be witches?
　　It was obvious that Evanora was not willing to allow Axel to go into the archives of the Silver Flame Coven, but due to his relationship with Yasmin, Evanora couldn't reject him outright either.
　　Before Evanora could come up with an excuse that will make sense, Yasmin said to Axel, "I will go with you after lunch. You don't need permission. Every witch from our Coven has access to that area, and you are family so… you are one of us."
　　Evanora pressed her lips into a line. Yasmin was right, but Evanora still had issues thinking of Axel as a non-outsider. Evanora saw Axel when he arrived, and then he took Yasmin away. And now they were back, after months, and Evanora needed time to adjust to his presence. Evanora saw that Yasmin trusted him completely, but what if Axel abandons Yasmin, just how Edgar abandoned her?
　　"Can we also go?", Talia asked  Yasmin for herself and for Damon. "I would love to see it." She didn't want to look into documents but seeing archives belonging to a Coven of witches was something novel.
　　"Sure.", Yasmin said.
　　Damon frowned when he realized that Talia was eager to poke her nose in old documents. The good thing was that she included him in that activity, but he didn't want to do anything other than lazing with Talia, yet she already volunteered them for a search mission and for checking the ancient archives. 
　　Sure, Talia said that she wanted only to look, but knowing her, there will be a ghost popping out or she will accidentally open a portal to the realm of goblins. With Talia, anything was possible.
　　This was supposed to be a vacation!
　　Yasmin and Axel left Evanora's study, and Evanora looked questionably at Talia and Damon who were still lingering.
　　"Is there anything else?"
　　Talia nodded. "I want to ask you if you are familiar with any male witches."
　　Evanora looked at Talia like she said something silly. "Male witches? There is no such thing."
　　Talia was confused. Why did Evanora sound so confident? Weren't Guardians male witches? And how was Yasmin's father leading the efforts on portal research if he didn't know magic? "Are you sure?"
　　Evanora pointed at the window. "Just as I am sure that it's day outside. Who told you that male witches exist?"
　　"No one told me but… I saw a man casting a spell. He was using Runes, so I thought…", Talia's voice trailed. Now she sounded quite silly.
　　'Didn't you say they are witches?', Talia asked Liseli.
　　'I am wise, but not omniscient. We both saw that Guardian using Runes to cast a spell, and I could feel unusual energies flowing through them', Liseli responded defensively.
　　'Alright, alright', Talia tried to pacify her wolf who was getting offended by Talia doubting her.
　　"Females of any species can sense the energies better compared to their male counterparts.", Evanora said. "Men could be using runes, but that wouldn't be the type of magic we use."
　　"There are different types of magic?", Talia asked.
　　"Of course. The world is full of wonders", Evanora said. "I don't want to spend days telling you about different types of magic because my knowledge is not comprehensive. However, I can tell you about magic in general. Every creature is a child of nature, and we all resonate with our Mother on a certain level. Our Mother is just and loves us all equally so we all get gifts. Some creatures are swift, some nimble, some smart, strong, can fly or manipulate energies around us. However, what we get at birth is just a potential that will grow if we nurture it, or wither if we neglect it."
　　Evanora gestured toward Damon. "Alphas have their aura and are born leaders, but if they don't train hard, that will be for naught."
　　Damon puffed his chest. In a way, Evanora was recognizing his abilities in front of Talia, and he approved.
　　Evanora shook her head at cocky Alpha and continued talking to Talia, "Being a witch is not a different species. Anyone can be a witch. I am confident that in the human realm there are many females whose potential dwindled because no one was there to guide them when the time was right. Sensing and controlling the energies is something like walking or breathing. In order to achieve a satisfactory level of synergy, we start early and by the age of twelve, witches become full members of our Coven."
　　Talia had so many questions! "Why is it important to start early?"
　　"Children accept new things easily as their senses are still developing. A thirty years-old person already established her way of thinking and even if she focuses all her efforts on mastering the energies, it won't be the same."
　　"Can werewolves be witches?", Talia asked her next question.
　　"It is possible, but not very likely. You already have your wolf, enhanced senses, and strong physique. It is natural that you will focus on developing those instead of something foreign like communicating with energies found in nature."
　　That was why Evanora was surprised to see what Talia was able to do at the Silver Flame Fountain. She-wolves are not magical, yet here was Talia, proving it wrong. But that made Evanora curious to find out about Talia's mother. And also, Damon's unusual display from the ceremony told Evanora that he was not just an Alpha either. Evanora wanted to do some tests on both of them. Would they agree? Evanora knew that with the right motivation, anything was possible.
　　Talia wanted to ask more about magic and wolves, but she saw that Evanora was eyeing Damon, so she stood up with, "Thank you for your time."
　　"You are welcome", Evanora responded. "Before you go, one more thing. You will find a human or a she-wolf who can predict the weather, or whose houseplants flourish. Does that make her a witch or a creature with an ability?"
　　This brought Talia back to her original question. Were Guardians witches? "Are you saying that the man I saw using runes is a human with an ability?"
　　Evanora shrugged. "He could be many things. Stories say that in ancient times Gods would mix with mortals and produce offspring. Over generations, their bloodline thinned, but some might be awakened under the right circumstances." Evanora leaned over her desk and gestured at Talia. "Did you wonder if Gods walk among us? What makes one a God? A long lifespan? Ability to shapeshift? Power to revive the dead? Considering how you reignited our fountain, I might tell my Coven that you are a Goddess and none of them would doubt it."
　　"I am not a God.", Talia said with urgency.
　　Evanora continued pushing. "Do you think of yourself as a she-wolf who can do magic, or as a witch with a wolf? The fact that you are both is breaking the balance and it makes you…"
　　"Dangerous.", Damon growled. He had a feeling where this was going.
　　Evanora smirked at him. "I was about to say, special, but we can go with dangerous also." She turned her attention to Talia. "I was wondering if you will be willing to…"
　　Damon raised his hand toward Evanora, interrupting whatever she was about to say. "We are done here."
　　Talia had more questions, but she saw that Damon was getting into his protective mode, so the only thing she could say was, "Thank you for your time, Evanora."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 702 The best teacher
Chapter 702 The best teacher
　　Damon and Talia walked out of Evanora's office in silence.
　　Subconsciously, Talia touched the necklace that was under her t-shirt. Would Evanora know something about it?
　　Everything would be so much easier if they could have an open conversation, but Talia couldn't trust the witch. Was there even any point in talking?
　　'You can let me force my way into her mind', Liseli barked, irritated that Talia was being friendly with people who didn't return the sentiment.
　　'Let's not go crazy, Liseli', Talia responded. 'We need to be reasonable. Is there a point in making a move against the high priestess of witches? Every witch here will become our enemy and what about Yasmin, Cornelia, and Amelia? Besides, this was not a total waste.'
　　'It was not?'
　　'Of course, not', Talia said with confidence. 'We got information to start working on portals, Yasmin found out about her father, and we know that Evanora is not aware of the Guardians.'
　　'That's if we assume that she is not a lying hag.'
　　Talia rolled her eyes. 'I believe that what she said was the truth.'
　　'But you can't measure how much she omitted.'
　　Talia had to agree with this.
　　"Kitten?", Damon called after assuring that there was no one else in the visible range. "How long are we going to stay here?"
　　Talia understood his discomfort. He was protective of her, just how she was protective of him. "Let's help Yasmin find clues about her father."
　　Damon grimaced. "Do we need to do it?"
　　"It's obvious that Yasmin doesn't trust Evanora with this task." And it was normal because Evanora was keeping this information to herself for a long time. "I know there are many other witches here, but they are all loyal to Evanora. We are Yasmin's family now."
　　"Family?"
　　"With Axel being my cousin, we are a family.", Talia reminded him. "Besides, family is not defined by blood relationships. The family is people who will have your back when needed, and right now, Yasmin needs us. Can we be her family?"
　　Damon wanted to say how having her as his family was enough, but he knew that Talia dreamed of a world where everyone will get along. He hated the idea of sharing Talia with anyone, but he consoled himself with the fact that he was her most favorite person. There was the mate bond, and she loved him unconditionally, and that was enough. It had to be.
　　With this, Damon confirmed that he can't avoid the outing to find what happened to Yasmin's father. He had no intention of letting Talia go without him, so he decided to do his best to find clues so they can leave this realm as soon as possible.
　　"One condition.", Damon said. 
　　"Anything.", Talia was quick to say. 
　　Damon chuckled. "Why are you rushing into this? What if I want something you won't like?"
　　Talia smiled at him smugly. "As my mate, you will never want something I won't like."
　　Damon had to agree with this. His instinct was to keep her safe and happy. 
　　"Well, what is it?", Talia asked. 
　　"When we return to the Midnight Guardians pack, can we spend more time in the cave?"
　　Talia's eyes flashed in approval. He didn't need to say which cave because there was only one. "Absolutely."
　　"Can we spend the rest of our vacation there?"
　　"The whole vacation?" That could be weeks! But... was there anything wrong with being in a cave with Damon? It actually sounded romantic. "Let's talk about it when we get there."
　　…
　　Damon waited to reach the room with Talia before asking, "Kitten, why did you use your deal with Evanora for information? Why not for opening the portal?"
　　Talia smiled slyly. "Evanora was avoiding to talk about it. If she didn't want to talk, I doubted she would create one. It's obvious that creating a portal is not simple, otherwise, they would be everywhere. Also, if Evanora knew how to make one, they wouldn't be stuck in this realm for centuries. That's why I thought that if I used the deal to ask for a portal, at most I could ask her to try and that would leave her with a lot of ways to wiggle out of it."
　　Damon thought how it made sense, but… "Did you give up on creating a portal?" No, that didn't make sense. If she gave up, she wouldn't use the deal to get information. "How will we create portals now?"
　　"We won't, but there are witches in the human realm who will."
　　Damon needed a moment for this to sink in. "You are talking about Cornelia and Amelia."
　　Talia's eyes flashed in approval. Her mate was smart. "Evanora was not motivated to create portals, but Cornelia and Amelia will be. Now that they are mated to guys from the human realm, they will wish for a quick way to visit their sisters. And let's not forget that Yasmin is there also. We will leave it to Yasmin to get them excited about the idea of creating a portal."
　　"But Cornelia will go to the Red Moon pack. How will they meet without Alpha Edward noticing?"
　　Damon's points were valid. However, Talia had a solution. "Cornelia can come to the Dark Howlers pack with one quick spell. Actually, that will be safer for her. We all know that Cornelia won't have it easy if Alpha Edward finds out about her existence. James will need to hide her as his mate and without a wolf, she will be treated worse than an Omega."
　　Damon understood where this was going. "You think that James will agree to hide Cornelia in the Dark Howlers pack while he does his daily routine to trick his father."
　　Talia loved that they were continuing on the same wavelength to the point on finishing each other's thoughts. It was fantastic! "James spends his days studying and training." Talia lived there and she was aware of his schedule. "While James is busy, Cornelia can be in the Dark Howlers pack. She can work with Amelia on a portal or discuss rituals with Gideon or anything other than hiding in the Red Moon pack. When James finishes his duties, he can give her a call and she can teleport there."
　　"You got it all figured out.", Damon said dotingly.
　　Talia was proud of herself. "The only thing we need to do is to wait for James to ask us for this favor. If he doesn't, we can throw some hints to guide him in that direction. You will pretend that it's difficult so that he appreciates it more when you agree."
　　Damon pinched the tip of her nose. "I am happy that you learned about subtle ways to maximize your gains."
　　Talia rubbed her nose with her palm. Why did he pinch her? But she probably deserved it. The last time when Damon delayed agreeing to James' request, Talia pinched his thigh under the table harshly, thinking that he was torturing the boy.
　　"Of course, I learned.", Talia said smugly. "I am smart."
　　"And you have the best teacher.", Damon added shamelessly.
　　She wanted to bicker with him, but she couldn't, because he was right. "I do. You are the best."
　　Damon grinned cockily. Talia praising him will never get old.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 703 The archives of the Silver Flame Coven (1)
Chapter 703 The archives of the Silver Flame Coven (1)
　　Talia stood in front of Damon and looked at him seriously. "Damon?"
　　"Hmm?"
　　"You don't mind that I kind of…" Talia paused while picking her words. "…took over?"
　　"What do you mean?"
　　She didn't want to provoke him, but she wanted to make sure he was OK with the current situation or if she needed to make some adjustments. Damon was a seasoned Alpha who was used to making calls for himself and for the whole pack, yet since they left the human realm, he took the back seat and Talia was calling the shots.
　　"I mean… coming here, the ceremony, the talk with Evanora, I decided that we should check the disappearance of Yasmin's father. There are probably more, but you got the point how all these I decided on my own. Are you OK with it?"
　　Damon caressed her cheek with the back of his fingers. "Thank you for thinking about me, kitten. Trust me, if I am not OK, I would let you know; but let me confirm now that I don't mind. I admit that this is new to me, but I don't hate it. If I'm going to treat you as my equal, I need to see what you are capable of. What's a better way to do it than to let you spread your wings? Show me how high you can fly. So far, you've done wonderfully, and I am eager to see what else you can do. If you bite more than you can chew, I will be right here to support you."
　　Talia teared up. Can he be any sweeter? "You are the best."
　　"I am", Damon said right away. "Aren't you the lucky one?"
　　"I am", she responded and got on her toes to kiss him on the lips. "Thank you for everything you are doing, Damon. I love you."
　　Damon smiled. "And that, my kitten, makes me the lucky one."
　　Without breaking the kiss, Damon's hands moved to her buttocks, and he gave her a squeeze before lifting her up.
　　Talia's legs wrapped around Damon's waist right away, and she smiled into the kiss when she realized that he was walking them to the bed.
　　…
　　After lunch, Talia, Damon, Yasmin, and Axel went to the archives in the company of two high-ranking witches who introduced themselves as Serena and Feya.
　　As Yasmin said, the archives were open to any witch of the Coven, but Talia had a feeling that Serena and Feya had a task to keep an eye on them.
　　Talia wondered if Evanora thought they came to steal stuff or to ruin books. Or were these two just watchers who will report to Evanora what their group of four will do? Did they know that she can communicate via mind-link with Axel and Damon?
　　When they passed through the massive double doors made of dark wood, the newcomers paused to look around.
　　Talia imagined archives to be a dark and dusty place where books and parchments were thrown in piles, but this was different.
　　Rows of shelves stretched as far as the eyes could reach, and books and papers were neatly organized.  Along the middle were several long tables with benches on the side, and there were papers and pens ready for note-taking. The place looked like a library.
　　To add to the cozy feeling, long windows allowed for plenty of sunlight, and there was no dust or stale air. Witches obviously took care of this place.
　　"Nothing is off-limits", Yasmin said for everyone to hear. "I want to check what kind of maps we have for the area we are going to investigate tomorrow." With that, Yasmin disappeared among shelves.
　　"Are you looking for anything specific?", Serena asked Talia, Damon, and Axel who were just standing and observing the space.
　　Axel responded first. "I want to see if you have documents about interaction with other werewolves. My pack in particular."
　　Serena nodded in understanding and gestured to the right.
　　Axel followed after Serena while looking around. There were thousands of books. Tens of thousands.
　　"Are you admiring our collection?", Serena asked with pride in her voice.
　　"Yes. I appreciate how everything is kept in optimal conditions."
　　"Of course. These are precious. Once a sheet of paper gets stored in here, it's in the protection of the Coven. Anyone can take it to read and research, but it can't be taken out."
　　Axel now understood the purpose of the tables they left behind. It's for witches to sit and read. Considering that they were locked up in this realm for centuries, and they were not connected to the human realm where books can be mass-purchased, he had to ask… "From where did you get this many books?"
　　"We write down everything. You can find books about someone's life, research, plants… anything."
　　"But not about portals.", Axel said.
　　Serena paused. "Right. Not about portals."
　　Axel thought how some things don't add up. "If books can't be taken out from here, how come records about portals are missing?"
　　Serena cleared her throat. "That… You will need to ask the high priestess."
　　Axel realized that witches were hiding something about portals which made him wonder if Evanora was trying to lock them up in this realm on purpose. Was she behind the closing of the portals?
　　Axel shook off those unpleasant thoughts. He was here to get more information and coming up with conspiracy theories won't do anyone good.
　　"Here we are." Serena's words got Axel's attention. She was gesturing toward the shelf on their right. "From here onward, are records about our sisters interacting with outsiders. As for the ones that mention werewolves..." Serena waved her finger and murmured chants, and a few books lit up.  
　　Axel frowned. "Just those?"
　　Serena looked at him like he asked something silly. "We don't address your kind as werewolves. If you want to read about creatures that can shapeshift..." Serena's finger moved and nearly a hundred books lit up. "Keep in mind that if a shapeshifter didn't change shape, it would be categorized as human. So for the books that mention outsiders taht are humans..." With another wave of her finger, almost all the books Axel could see lit up.  
　　"I understand", Axel said while looking helplessly at densely arranged books on the shelves. This will take forever!
　　Yasmin warned him that witches are devoted researchers who love to write down stuff and keep it in the archive. They have a board that features top-ranking witches based on who contributed the most content and also rankings on the most popular books. It's a serious competition.
　　Their archive contains personal diaries, musings, funny moments, as well as information on monumental events, research, and recipes for making anything from relaxing teas and mouthwatering desserts, to deadly potions, and they also have instructions on spellcasting and historical documents.
　　Axel guessed that there will be a lot to go through, but this was beyond his wildest imagination!
　　Axel gave himself a pep talk. Even if he reads only a book or two, it will be better than nothing. But there was no way to figure out which one of these books will have something useful. What if he wastes his time reading a diary of a frolicky witch who spent her days talking to frogs?
　　Axel steeled his resolve and reached for a book. He needed to start somewhere.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 704 The archives of the Silver Flame Coven (2)
Chapter 704 The archives of the Silver Flame Coven (2)
　　Axel reached for a book while wondering what information was contained inside it.
　　The moment Axel's fingers touched the leather binding, an image flashed in Axel's mind, and he could see himself holding that book and reading it.
　　The book was written by a witch named Holly describing her visits to a temporary settlement in the South-West. The dwellers there were outsiders with tall and lean bodies and pointy ears. Holly admired their archery skills and how they could move about stealthily. Those people consumed a vegetarian-only diet, they loved to sing, and she depicted encounters where they would exchange jewelry made of leather, colorful stones, and beads.
　　Axel realized that he saw a glimpse of the future. He will read this book and find nothing useful.
　　He made a grumpy face. His premonitions so far always came true. Will he really need to waste time reading this book?
　　Instead of pulling the book out of the shelf completely, Axel pushed the book back and waited for some Godly intervention that will force him to read it. His expression changed with every passing second because nothing happened.
　　Was it possible that he saw the future where he read the book, and he didn't need to read it in the present?
　　If that was true, his ability evolved and that would be huge!
　　Curious to test this theory about his ability evolving, Axel hooked his finger on the next book and saw images of him reading that book.
　　The book was signed by a witch named Zoe, and it spoke about her raising a fawn that she adopted from a merchant that had dark skin and was covered in heavy layers of clothing. There was a sketch of a man and a caravan of merchants that Zoe befriended. The fawn's mother died due to illness, and they wanted to eat the creature because they didn't have the conditions to raise him, but Zoe traded several magic crystals for the fawn.
　　Axel took this book out and flipped to see the sketches. The book was full of them. And then he kept the book back.
　　His face lit up when he realized that the still remembered the contents of the first book even though he never opened it. But… should he open it to confirm the contents? If he opens it, won't that make his vision come true?
　　Axel got an idea.
　　He gave that first book to Serena. "Can you tell me who wrote this and what it is about?"
　　Unaware of Axel's intentions, Serena opened the book and flipped through it. "This was written by Holly.  It's about her encounters with a tribe that stayed in the South-West. I remember them. They were tall and pale no matter how much time they spent in the sun. They didn't eat meat and were very good with bows and knives even though they pledged never to kill because they believed in reincarnation and how every creature could contain the spirit of their ancestors." Serena paused. "Holly should be working on potions in the lab. Do you want to meet with her and ask about those creatures?"
　　"No, no…", Axel responded breathily while keeping the book back. He confirmed that he didn't imagine it. What he didn't read in the first book was truly there.
　　Axel's mind was working a million thoughts a second.
　　Did his ability to see the future really evolve? Yasmin told him that it will be beneficial to get close to the fountain during the ceremonies because the energies will impact everyone, even the audience, but… did this mean that he was finally able to see the future that CAN be changed?
　　Somehow, it made sense. He could see the future where he would read a book, and even though it didn't come true, his knowledge of that future remained.
　　He realized that this could backfire. What's the point of a premonition if it won't come true?
　　Ah! So far, he was stressing because he was unable to change what will happen, and now he was stressing that he will change it.
　　He decided to focus on the positives. How can he put that to good use? Well, for now, he will start touching each of those books and reading them without actually reading them.
　　Serena frowned at the sight of Axel who started moving slowly, pausing for a few seconds with each book to touch the cover before moving to the next one.
　　Axel was elated to confirm that this was working, but even with this super-speed, there were so many books, and it will take ages!
　　…
　　After Axel and Serena disappeared among shelves, Feya turned to Talia and Damon.
　　"What topic interests you?"
　　Seeing that Talia was struggling to answer, Damon asked. "Do you maintain a Catalogue of your archives?"
　　"Yes, we do."
　　A minute later, Talia and Damon stood in front of a massive book that was placed on a chunky stone table that looked like three cuboid rocks stacked on top of each other.
　　It was THE Catalogue.
　　Talia opened it and started flipping the pages.
　　'What are you hoping to find?', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head through the mind-link.
　　'Something about the Guardians', Talia responded.
　　Damon understood Talia's intention. At this point, Guardians were their biggest threat as their interest in Talia was unusual. Their invitation for Talia to join them came abruptly and Damon suspected that it had something to do with her impressive show with that glowing sphere. The Guardians made Damon nervous. They had the ability to suppress Alpha's aura, and he had a guess that they are not a bunch who will take a 'no' for an answer.  
　　Evanora said that there are no male witches, but what if Guardians were some other types of magical creatures? Damon remembered reading stories about dragons who had their own magic and could shapeshift into human form.
　　It didn't take long for Talia to realize that the Catalogue was useless. It had names of authors and titles, and everything was neatly categorized in alphabetical order, but unless it said, "THIS IS ABOUT THE GUARDIANS", Talia would definitely miss it.
　　Dejectedly, Talia closed the massive book.
　　"You didn't find what you were looking for?", Feya asked, startling Talia. The witch was standing on the side quietly and Talia completely forgot about her.
　　"I was hoping to find something about different creatures that can use magic.", Talia said sadly.
　　Feya smiled and waved her finger while chanting something under her breath.
　　The Catalogue started shaking and words shot out of it to hover in the air.
　　Feya produced a long sheet of paper and words flew into it, the whole sheet shimmered until the magic settled down for Talia to see a list of books. There were authors, titles, and numbered shelves where those books can be found.
　　"I believe this will be helpful.", Feya said while handing the paper to Talia.
　　Talia facepalmed. How did she forget that she was in the realm of witches? Magic. Did she really think that witches will do things "manually"?
　　"That's a long list", Damon grumbled from the side. He was itchy to leave this realm, yet now it seemed they will spend days (or weeks!) in this place reading books.
　　That was NOT his idea of a vacation!
　　"Let's call Keith and see if he can help us find something useful.", Talia said and Damon's eyes lost focus as he was already mind-linking the Coach to come.
　　"If you tell me what you are looking for, I might be of assistance also.", Feya offered.
　　"We are looking for creatures where males can use magic.", Talia said right away. It was the truth and even if Feya reports this to Evanora, it won't be anything new.
###Chapter 705 Removing the evidence
Chapter 705 Removing the evidence
　　After dinner, Talia went to the garden to meet with Yasmin.
　　Damon, Axel, and Keith were in the archives, looking at the maps and documents that Yasmin found about the area where her father disappeared. Guys were planning tomorrow's expedition.
　　Keith was glad that he was included in this activity. Since he came to the realm of witches he barely slept, and he was always alert. Now he finally felt useful, and with Damon and Axel around, witches didn't dare get too close.
　　Talia found Yasmin standing next to the Silver Flame fountain and staring at the water.
　　"Am I interrupting something?", Talia asked when she approached Yasmin.
　　"Not at all."
　　Talia looked around. The garden was usually lively, but this was different. "Where is everybody?"
　　"They have a meeting to discuss ceremonies and what they learned."
　　Talia thought how that made sense. "What are you looking at?", Talia asked when she realized that Yasmin was focusing at the same spot where Evanora was looking earlier that day when Talia came to ask her about the portals.
　　Instead of answering, Yasmin gestured toward the water and asked, "What do you see?"
　　Talia wanted to say that there was water in the fountain, but she knew that it wouldn't be something so obvious. Was there something else? How much she knew, there were no fish, and witches cleaned the fountain with their magic as part of their practice to control the energies.
　　The water was rippling from the center of the fountain in all directions. Ripples were reflecting the silvery flames that danced at the top of the statue that was in the middle of it all.
　　It looked beautiful, but Talia didn't see anything out of place.
　　It took Talia a few long moments to notice an area on the surface of the water that didn't reflect silvery flames when the glowing ripple passed through it. It was the spot where Yasmin was staring at.
　　"What is that?", Talia asked.
　　"That's where Damon was standing last night during your ceremony."
　　Talia was not sure if she heard Yasmin right. "What?"
　　"Mom told me about this", Yasmin said, and she looked at Talia. "She is hoping that we can repeat the ceremony and do some other tests for the two of you. Well, mostly on Damon. Your reaction during the ceremony was exceptional but not unexpected. Damon acted like a black hole that couldn't be touched by magic. We can't detect any remnants of your power here, which is normal because all spells dissolve if not maintained artificially. However, where Damon was standing… You see."
　　Yasmin was talking in a friendly tone, but Talia saw red flags that made her uneasy.
　　"You said that Evanora wants to do tests. What about you?"
　　Yasmin realized that Talia was tense, so she quickly explained, "I must admit that I am curious. However, I would to anything that might harm my mate, so I won't waste my breath persuading you if you are not willing. Actually, I should be talking to Damon, but I thought of checking about this with you first."
　　Talia was alerted. "Evanora wants to do harmful tests on Damon?"
　　Yasmin raised her hands defensively. "The tests won't be harmful, but since we never saw anything like this, we can't predict how he will react to our probing." Yasmin gestured toward the dark patch. "We tried to affect it with our energies, but there was no reaction…"
　　Talia didn't hear the rest. The idea of Evanora doing tests on Damon was extremely unsettling. Talia's heart pounded wildly in her chest, and she felt like the air was thinning around her.
　　'Lis?', Talia called.
　　'We won't know unless we try', Liseli said, knowing what Talia had on her mind.
　　Talia's instincts for self-preservation kicked in, and they included Damon because he was her other half. It was to do whatever it takes to protect mate. Destroy evidence. Remove witnesses. Liseli had no ions.
　　Yasmin's voice trailed when she saw that Talia's hand was lighting up in rhythmical pulses.
　　"Yasmin?", Talia called without looking away from the dark patch in the water.
　　"Yes?"
　　"You said that Damon and I are your family."
　　Yasmin confirmed. "I did."
　　"Family sticks together and they won't harm each other. Do you agree with that?"
　　Yasmin swallowed hard. Talia's solemn tone told her that she would regret it if she gave a wrong answer. "Yes."
　　The silvery flames at the top of the fountain started dancing wildly, and all the light that was pulsating in the fountain now converged around the dark patch, but not a speck of light penetrated it.
　　Talia narrowed her eyes while focusing and a beam of light shot from her palm to the dark patch, hitting it right in the center.
　　Yasmin's eyes widened when she saw that the dark patch was getting saturated with light that came from Talia's palm. 
　　Yasmin knew very well that several witches chanted to channel the energies of the fountain in there, but it was in vain… and here was Talia, doing it on her own without any chants and magical items. 
　　A few seconds later, everything returned to normal. The surface of the water in the fountain was pulsating rhythmically in rings of light that were expanding from the statue to the edge of the fountain. The dark patch was gone.
　　"Woah…", Yasmin said breathily.
　　"Yasmin", Talia called, and Yasmin swallowed hard when she realized that not everything returned to normal.
　　Talia's eyes were glowing in silvery light, and even Talia's hair turned silvery. She looked like a Goddess. But why did the Goddess appear to be hostile?
　　Now that the evidence was gone, Liseli was ready to get rid of witnesses.
　　Talia looked at Yasmin and she thought of Axel and two lives sprouting inside Yasmin and Talia couldn't do it.
　　"Can I trust you?", Talia asked.
　　"Yes!", Yasmin exclaimed in a squeaky voice.
　　"If you consider us as a family. You will not mention this again. If anyone asks, say that it dissolved naturally."
　　Yasmin nodded in small choppy movements.
　　"Thanks", Talia said stiffly and walked away, while fighting against that small part of her that told her to get rid of witnesses. She couldn't kill, not without a reason, and especially not Yasmin.
　　Talia disappeared out of sight and Yasmin resumed breathing. 
　　Yasmin wiped her forehead which was drenched in sweat and she shivered uncontrollably. Why did it feel like the grim reaper was right behind her?
　　Yasmin turned to look at the fountain with a complex expression on her face. 
　　Talia's performance confirmed Yasmin's suspicion. Other than being a she-wolf, Talia was something else, and that else was not a witch. No matter how powerful a witch is and how much energy she channels, she never turns into a silvery Goddess that can perform spells without any chants. Talia was different. 
　　Yasmin's mood dropped when she remembered her mother. Evanora told her to talk to Damon and convince him to take tests. Knowing Damon's temper, Yasmin thought of talking to Talia first, and considering Talia's icy response, Yasmin was glad that she didn't go to Damon right away.
　　But... how will she tell her mother that she failed? Evanora is not a person who will give up. Will she scold Yasmin, or will her mother try something on her own?
　　Yasmin didn't want to deal with this so she decided to say how she didn't get a good opportunity to talk to Talia. Yasmin bobbed her head at this idea. It was perfect: postponing her mother's anger. Hopefully, until they leave this place.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 706 A soothing kiss
Chapter 706 A soothing kiss
　　Talia ran through the hallways with the archives of the Silver Flame Coven as her destination. That was where Damon was with Axel and Keith.
　　Talia went to the garden for a relaxing chat with Yasmin, but she ended up with another stress and she had difficulty breathing.
　　She needed Damon. She needed his proximity to confirm that everything was fine.  
　　Talia took a turn and bumped into Damon who was rushing toward her.
　　"Kitten." By the time he finished the word, his arms were around her already. "What's going on?" He could feel that her emotional state was unstable.
　　"Oh, Damon", Talia cried while fisting his shirt.
　　For a fraction of a moment, she was actually thinking about harming Yasmin and Talia was terrified. Since when was she a monster? What if the next time she goes through with it?
　　That was not her. She didn't want to hurt others, she just wanted to be left alone!
　　"Let's go home.", she spoke into his chest.
　　Damon was willing, but he had to ask, "What about investigating what happened to Yasmin's father?" Until a minute ago he was looking at the maps, but then he sensed Talia's discomfort and left Axel and Keith to deal with it.
　　Talia didn't want to stay here longer than necessary, but she promised. Also, considering the hostility she showed toward Yasmin, helping with this expedition will be a way to apologize.
　　"Let's go home after that. No matter what happens, there will be no more delays and we will go back. At least to the Midnight Guardians pack."
　　"Alright." Damon agreed. He wanted to come to these realms because time passed differently and they would have more time for relaxing, but if she was going to get stressed because of various reasons, it would be better to return to the Dark Howlers pack.
　　Damon held Talia tightly until she stopped trembling, and then he touched her chin to make her look up to him. Her eyes were flickering in silver, which told him that she used her abilities. "Will you tell me what got you upset?"
　　Talia released a slow breath and nodded. She couldn't make herself talk about it without falling apart, so she decided to show him.
　　In the next moment, Damon saw a scene of the fountain and pulsating lights, a dark patch in the water, and Talia dispersing it with the beam of light from her hand.
　　'Yasmin said how that was the spot where you were standing during the ceremony', Talia spoke through their private mind-link because she didn't want to risk someone overhearing them.
　　'Why was it not reflecting light?', Damon asked.
　　'It was not accepting magic', Talia explained. 'Witches tried channeling energies there, but it didn't work.'
　　'But you could do it with ease.', he said with pride in his voice. His kitten was awesome! Was it because they were mates, or because she was so powerful? It didn't matter, she was still awesome.
　　'Remember that Evanora said how there are different types of magic?', Talia reminded him. 'Evanora said that I'm special. The thing in the fountain makes you special as well.'
　　'Of course, we are special', Damon said with confidence. 'You have Liseli and I have Sapa.'
　　Talia shook her head. 'This is different. They want to do tests on us.'
　　Damon frowned. 'Why did you remove that black patch and expose yourself in front of Yasmin? Who knows who else was watching?'
　　Talia's chin trembled. She did it for him, yet he was worried about her. He always put her first, no matter what.
　　Talia knew that she acted on an impulse, but she was thinking about protecting Damon. To her, Damon came first. Always.
　　'No one was there other than Yasmin. This is about you, Damon. No matter how powerful it is, every magic will disappear when not artificially maintained. The black runes that impacted you last time were feeding of your lifeforce, portals rely on crystals and enchanted items to gather the energy from their surroundings to keep it going. No matter how you created that dark patch in the water, it should have disappeared after the ceremony was over, yet it stayed. I didn't want to give them a chance to test it further so I removed it.'
　　'Witches could give us answers.'
　　Talia couldn't believe this. 'Are you serious? Evanora wants to cast spells and make you drink potions! Who knows what she will do?'
　　Damon rubbed her back to calm her down. 'I am not willing to put myself in that situation. But if I can understand it, I could use it to keep us safe.'
　　'This could be due to the ceremony, or maybe your ability is awakening.' She raised her head to look at him sadly. 'Or it could be remnants of the dark magic that Cassandra performed. We did the ritual to clear the effects of the dark magic, but there is no guarantee that you don't have some permanent consequences.'
　　'You think that I can create darkness?' He thought that would be cool. Damon had black hair, Sapa was a black wolf, and somehow, darkness suited him.
　　'Not to create darkness.' Talia said. 'What if it's an ability to reject magic? If that's the case, do you think that Evanora will let you be? They are already suspecting that we are powerful and dangerous, what will happen if they confirm it? Sure, we are friends now, but what if one day we won't be? Will Evanora allow us to leave with the possibility that one day we will turn hostile?'
　　Damon stared at Talia and then his lips stretched into a big smile.
　　'What?', Talia asked. She said so many things, mostly bad ones. Why the heck was he happy?
　　'You are finally using your head, kitten.', he said. 'I am so glad that you are not trusting Evanora or other witches. I would love it more if you had a little reservation toward Yasmin and Axel as well, but this is a great start.'
　　Talia exhaled helplessly. She just told him that witches want to do experiments on him, yet he is happy because she was cautious. Silly Alpha.
　　She wouldn't be so cautious if it was about anyone else. Damon was her first priority, and she couldn't stand anyone who thought about harming him. Damon was her life. He was her everything.
　　Damon choked on emotions that swelled within him, and he knew they came from Talia. She was so pure and wonderful, and he thought that he might burst from all the love he had for her.
　　Damon cupped her cheeks and kissed her slowly, tenderly, sweetly, without igniting the wild flames of passion. It was a kiss that allowed him to enjoy the lush softness of her lips. A kiss that whispered of love and everything good that existed in the world. A kiss that silenced the demons and dispelled negativity. A kiss that created a safe personal space, for just the two of them.
　　Talia fisted his shirt and whimpered into the kiss.
　　Damon was gentle and firm, every move of his lips told her how much he cherished her, and his solid embrace was confirmation that she can rely on him, and at that moment, that was exactly what she needed.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 707 The expedition (1)
Chapter 707 The expedition (1)
　　A teleporting spell flashed, and human figures appeared.
　　Talia and Damon were on the top of a bare hill that provided a good view of their surroundings.
　　The first thing they noticed was the lack of trees.
　　Low bushes speckled the pale red ground where dust swirled with the dry wind. Hills of irregularly shaped rocks could be seen here and there, some as tall as two-story buildings.
　　The greenery of bushes contrasted with the red color of ground and rocks, and it all looked odd against the blue sky. 
　　Other than the rustling of leaves among bushes caused by the breeze, there were no other sounds.  
　　"Are you sure we are in the right place?", Damon asked Yasmin.
　　"Of course, we are sure", Serena responded with an edge in her tone. It was her and Feya who performed the spell to teleport because Evanora insisted that Yasmin should preserve her strength because of the pregnancy.
　　Damon sneered at Serena, itchy to teach the ignorant witch that she should speak to an Alpha with respect. He flexed his fingers before balling them into a fist while waiting for her to say more, but she didn't. 
　　"If I knew that so many people will tag along, we would stay behind.", Damon said. He thought that it will be just Yasmin, Axel, Talia, and him, so he insisted for Keith to join as well, but then Evanora arranged for witches and healers from the Midnight Guardians pack to tag along!
　　Talia put her hand on Damon's forearm and gave him a squeeze, and he understood that she didn't want any trouble. Both of them were tense and they couldn't wait to finish this task and leave the ream of witches.
　　"I apologize, Alpha Damon", Cassandra said submissively. "Witches are not used to our ways."
　　Damon turned to look at Cassandra and his hostility swelled. He thought of ignoring her presence, yet now that she spoke, ignoring her was impossible. "Remind me, why are YOU here?"
　　Cassandra shrunk, and Talia responded, "The Oracle is the one who helped open the portal to this realm, so I thought that her knowledge might be useful."
　　Cassandra smiled at Talia gratefully.
　　Damon couldn't believe this. Did Talia invite her?
　　With Damon calling out Cassandra, Yasmin explained the presence of two witches with, "Serena and Feya are here on my mother's orders, mostly to help in case of an emergency."
　　Calla felt that she should say something also. "We came because this was a unique opportunity to observe the scenery of this realm and learn beyond what's available in books."
　　Damon cocked an eyebrow at Calla and two healers from the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　'Wasn't there one more?', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head through their mind-link.
　　Talia understood the question. Calla came with three more healers, yet now only two were here. 'The missing one is Olive. She found her mate last night among witches.'
　　Damon turned to Talia robotically. 'Aren't witches all females?'
　　'Mates are mates, regardless of the gender', Talia responded. 'Are you shocked that two females are soulmates?'  
　　'No, no', Damon responded right away. Actually, the mental image of two naked females entangled was hot. But whenever he heard of same-sex couples, it reminded him that there was a possibility of him ending up with a guy, and that thought made his skin crawl.
　　"Alright!", Yasmin exclaimed, breaking the tense atmosphere. "How about we focus on why we are here?"
　　Other than Damon being unusually hostile, Talia was also reserved, and the air between Keith and Cassandra was suffocating.
　　Yasmin thought this will be a friendly group or at least a group that won't be at each other's throats, but now it seemed that she had high expectations. Will they be able to achieve anything if they are just bickering?
　　Axel was quick to pull a map out of his backpack and spread it on top of a flat rock for everyone to see.
　　"We are in the area where the disturbance was reported", Axel said. "Since we don't know more than that, let's split into groups and start looking around. Report if you find anything unusual."
　　Calla looked around. This looked like an alien planet. "Can you define, unusual?"
　　"When you see it, you will know", Serena responded.
　　"Regardless of if you found anything or not, let's meet back here in… three hours?", Axel suggested.
　　They looked at each other, and Talia asked the question everyone had. "How do we tell time here?"
　　Yasmin pointed at the sky and a silver spark shot up. Once it was high in the air, the spark transformed into a long white string that emitted pulsating light.
　　"It will grow smaller with time passing. When you don't see it anymore, it's time to come back.", Yasmin said.
　　They all murmured in agreement and moved in groups of twos and threes.
　　Talia and Damon were surprised to see that Serena and Feya were in a group with Cassandra. Didn't two witches come to keep an eye on Yasmin? 
　　Axel was with Yasmin, Calla with Keith, and two healers from the Midnight Guardians pack moved on the right with notepads ready to write down any observations about this realm.
　　With everyone dispersing, Damon thought how this was not bad. It was just him and Talia. He hooked his arm around her shoulders, and they started walking.
　　Talia would stop occasionally to check on some plant that she had never seen before. Her actions reminded Damon that Talia had knowledge of herbology and that she wanted to work in the pack hospital. He felt guilty that her wish got pushed to the side because she was his mate, which made her the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, and that role put her in the spotlight (and danger) she never wanted.
　　Of course, she was also the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and her wolf was ancient, but those were not because of Damon so he didn't think about them with guilt.
　　The groups met when the white string disappeared, they shared what they observed, had a snack, and then dispersed again.
　　Werewolves used their senses to scan the area, and witches chanted to increase their perception of energies, but there was nothing out of the ordinary.
　　The cycle continued until sunset when all of them gathered on the hill from where they started that morning.
　　Serena and Freya were busy on the side drawing the teleportation diagram that will take them back to the center of the Silver Flame Coven. With the lack of daylight, there was no point in lingering, and a pregnant woman like Yasmin shouldn't spend the night outside.  
　　Axel looked at Yasmin helplessly. She was excited and hopeful in the morning, but now he could feel her dejection. They spent the whole day circling the area, yet they didn't find anything unusual.
　　"I'm sorry, love", Axel said. "It seems that too much time passed."
　　Yasmin smiled at him sadly and tears swelled in her eyes. "It's OK." It was not OK. "Since we are here, how about we watch the sunset? It will be a farewell to my father."
　　They all sat on the ground and faced solemnly the small orange circle that was disappearing at the horizon.
　　Yasmin leaned on Axel and cried silently.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 708 The expedition (2)
Chapter 708 The expedition (2)
　　Yasmin knew that Axel was right, too much time passed. But she still hoped that they will find something, anything. The possibility of her father being alive was slim, but she wanted to know what happened… maybe retrieve his body to give him a funeral, and like this… she had nothing.
　　Serena and Feya were chanting softly, it sounded more like a sad song than a spell, and it added to the somber atmosphere.
　　Yasmin's vision of the sunset was blurry from the tears that ran down her cheeks, and Axel's solid arm around her shoulders did little to comfort her.
　　It was a strange thing because Yasmin grew up without the presence of her father, and most of the times when she thought of him, it was with hate. Just one day ago, she found out about his name, yet she mourned his loss.
　　Talia wanted to help Yasmin, but she didn't know how. Since she became the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, Talia's senses were amplified and she was not sure if the sorrow she felt was coming from Axel or from Yasmin, or from everyone around her; or maybe that was her own guilt because instead of sympathizing with Yasmin who was right now suffering, Talia was keeping her distance because of her paranoia how everyone was set to harm her and Damon.
　　Talia stood up and walked to sit next to Yasmin.
　　"I am sorry…", Talia choked on her words because she was crying as well.
　　Yasmin released Axel and embraced Talia, and the two females sobbed into each other's shoulders.
　　"I wish I can help you", Talia said. She knew very well the pain of uncertainty as her heart was aching from the desire to find out what happened to her parents.
　　Yasmin sobbed harder and neither of them noticed that the air around them stilled.
　　Damon was alerted when a gust of wind started circling around Talia and Yasmin. The red dust was black in the darkness, and it rose with the wind, enveloping Talia and Yasmin and obstructing the view of them completely.
　　Everyone got on their feet, unsure what to do.
　　Keith started walking toward the wind funnel, and Cassandra pulled him back.  
　　"Let go!", Keith growled.  
　　"It's not your time", Cassandra responded.
　　Keith was not sure what to do. Should he trust the Oracle? But she already wanted to harm Damon, and how can Keith stand still and watch while Talia was trapped in who-knows-what?
　　"Talia! Yasmin!", Damon and Axel shouted at the same time, but the only thing they got in response were pulses of light that came from the spot where Talia and Yasmin were.
　　Damon and Axel exchanged panicked glances that quickly turned into determination. Both of them crouched, ready to jump into whatever tornado was going on, but then it all suddenly stopped, and the dust fell down like someone canceled the wind completely.
　　Talia and Yasmin released each other and blinked to look around.
　　"Kitten", Damon called desperately while pulling Talia in his embrace. He had enough of these mysterious events that made him feel like he was about to lose her. "Let's go home. Now." Before something else happens.
　　"I'm OK", Talia assured him, and then she noticed that Axel was frantically hugging Yasmin while everyone else stared at them.
　　"What happened?", Talia asked.
　　"Your magic resonated", Axel said.
　　"How do you know about that?", Serena asked Axel suspiciously.
　　Axel frowned at her. "Why wouldn't I know about it?"
　　Feya responded. "Because magic resonance on this level is something that only high-level witches with compatible energies can achieve in specific circumstances. We didn't have such an occurrence in our Coven in this generation, but we know about it from the ancient texts. Did you have such events in your realm? Did you lie about not meeting witches before?"
　　"Whoa! Whoa!", Keith stood in front of Feya, blocking her view of Axel. "How about we all assure that Alpha Talia and Luna Yasmin are fine before we start pointing fingers?"
　　"Look at this…"
　　Cassandra's breathy voice was heard, and everyone looked at her staring at the ground.
　　Only then everyone noticed that the ground below them was pulsating in an eerie light blue glow that formed a big circle, resembling an image that one would make with irregular scratches.
　　"These are remnants of concentrated energy", Axel said and looked at Yasmin. "Your resonance with Talia activated it."
　　"And how do you know that?", Serena snapped. This was obviously witches-only knowledge!
　　"Instead of doubting me, start analyzing the formation. This will last a few minutes at most.", Axel growled and both Serena and Feya shrunk.
　　Talia realized that Axel was kind of an expert here. When did that happen?
　　'Seriously, how do you know about these things?', Talia asked Axel through their pack mind-link.
　　Axel smiled smugly. 'I spent yesterday afternoon and the whole night in their archives.'
　　'And you accidentally read about these things?'
　　'Not accidentally. It was systematically', Axel responded smugly. 'My ability evolved. I will tell you about it later.' He continued talking normally for everyone to hear. "We should focus on this formation as it might be a clue we were looking for."
　　Halers quickly took their notepads and started scribbling while witches crouched to probe with their energies areas that were glowing.
　　Just as Axel said, a few minutes later, the circular glowing formation from the ground dimmed and then it disappeared completely.
　　"What was that?", Cassandra asked, unable to contain her curiosity. She was scribbling notes while trying to copy the way designs in the ground curved, but with Talia taking away her power, that was as far as she could go. Everyone was quiet and she wanted answers.
　　Axel hummed before responding, "Based on the circular pattern, it looked like a wind created by magical energies."
　　"Was it because of Talia and me?", Yasmin asked.
　　Axel shook his head. "No. If you caused it, you would be at the center. But it is highly likely that your energy reached this area and stimulated it in some way."
　　"Do you think it could be a portal?", Talia asked.
　　"Portals require runes and items to work. This area is completely flat.", Serena said.
　　Axel disagreed. "There are different types of portals. This could be a teleportation spell."
　　"Teleportation spells don't leave magic traces behind. Once the diagram is erased, it's gone.", Feya argued.
　　Damon snorted. "You are assuming that all portals are the same. Don't you preach how the world is full of wonders and creatures with different abilities?"
　　"There are stories about Gods who could open portals at will.", Talia added to reinforce Damon's point.
　　Yasmin frowned. "Are you saying that a God opened a portal and kidnapped my father?"
　　Talia spread her arms helplessly. "God is just a term for a creature that's beyond our comprehension. Maybe not kidnapped. What if two Gods battled here, caused a disturbance in energies that your father came to investigate and he ended up swept away in it? Unless you have a better idea, we will go with that."
　　Axel waved his hand to get everyone's attention. "Let's not stray from the topic. We came here to investigate what happened when Evanora's mate disappeared, and we found a clue. Since it's night, I suggest that we return back. We could all use some rest. It won't be too late to discuss our observations tomorrow."
　　Serena and Feya stiffened. With Axel making a point on how this was related to the high priestess, it became more important.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 709 The expedition (3)
Chapter 709 The expedition (3)
　　Yasmin was not willing to leave that place. Not now when she found something.
　　"Talia and I can stimulate the area with our energies. Maybe we find more clues."
　　"How will you stimulate it?", Axel asked with disapproval obvious in his voice.
　　"We will use our abilities at the same time.", Yasmin responded.
　　Talia was not sure if that was a good idea, but Yasmin looked at her pleadingly, so she thought about how to please everyone.
　　"Yasmin and I will make a small circle around this hill and see if we find something. In the meantime, you guys organize notes and prepare for the teleportation back to the Coven." She turned to Yasmin. "Even if we find something, we will take notes on it, and investigate further some other time."
　　"OK. Let's do this.", Axel said.
　　Yasmin stopped him. "Just Talia and I. You can pack the maps and make sure everything else is ready."
　　Axel didn't want to leave Yasmin out of his sight, but then he remembered that she will be with Talia, the strongest Alpha ever, so… Yasmin will be safe.
　　Damon wanted to come along, but Talia stopped him with one look, and words only he could hear, 'Let me be alone with Yasmin. I want to apologize.'
　　"Be safe", Damon said, without bothering to use the mind-link. "If anything, and I mean if ANYTHING, unusual happens…"
　　"I will let you know.", Talia ended instead of Damon. She gave him a quick kiss on the lips and then Yasmin and Talia walked away.
　　Talia and Yasmin moved among the bushes, neither of them had difficulties seeing in the dark.
　　Yasmin was chanting occasionally, and Talia would follow with a silvery light that was emitting from her palms.
　　Talia wanted to apologize for being insensitive and keeping her distance from Yasmin since their talk at the fountain, but Talia didn't know where to start. Yasmin was completely focused on what she was doing, and Talia decided to keep that apology for later. Besides, Yasmin didn't seem to be bothered by it, probably because she had other things on her mind.
　　"Thank you for indulging my unreasonable request", Yasmin said after some time.
　　"Don't worry about it", Talia was quick to respond. "If I had a single clue on how to find what happened to my parents, I would do anything, no matter how silly it sounds."
　　"Yet you didn't show your necklace to my mother", Yasmin said.
　　Talia paused. Yasmin was right. Talia wanted to show the necklace to Evanora, who was the most knowledgeable of witches, but Talia also feared that Evanora might misuse the information contained there. What if it has something super-secretive and Evanora decided to use it against Talia?
　　Before Talia could respond, Yasmin said, "I understand. You are wary of my mother, and… it's for a good reason. I'm not saying that she has malicious intent toward you, but she has her priorities."
　　Talia released a slow breath. "Don't we all?"
　　"So, what are your plans?"
　　"Damon and I want to return to the Midnight Guardians pack as soon as possible. No later than tomorrow. What about you?"
　　Yasmin thought they will stay longer. She wanted more time with her mother and sisters in the Coven, and she also wanted to know more about her father. She just scratched the surface! But they came together, would it be fine to separate? Yasmin also knew that Axel wanted to spend time with Talia, at least while she was here.  
　　Yasmin wondered if she should try to convince Talia to stay longer.
　　Unfortunately, considering Talia's reaction from the previous night at the fountain, Yasmin understood that Talia feared for her safety and no amount of persuasion will let her stay unless Yasmin can guarantee that no one will touch them. Could Yasmin make such a promise?
　　What if someone makes a move against them sneakily? Based on the amount of power Talia could wield, Yasmin feared for the safety of the Silver Flame Coven if anyone dared to provoke this seemingly fragile female. And there was also Damon who would probably smash any part of the Coven that Talia missed during her rampage.
　　A rustling from behind was heard, and both Talia and Yasmin whipped their heads in that direction.
　　It was Cassandra. The Oracle was approaching Talia and Yasmin while nervously looking back like she feared that someone will follow her.
　　"Why are you here?", Yasmin asked suspiciously. She didn't interact with Cassandra much, but she knew that Cassandra was a she-wolf who came from the Midnight Guardians pack after messing with dark magic which was taboo.
　　Cassandra lowered her head in submission. "I was hoping to get a word with Alpha Talia."
　　"Speak", Talia said curtly. She allowed Cassandra to come here because of her knowledge related to the portals, but that didn't mean Talia liked the Oracle. Cassandra's actions that harmed Damon can't be forgiven no matter how much good she did.
　　"I know that I'm unworthy and undeserving, but…", Cassandra paused. "I implore you to take me with you, away from here."
　　Talia's brows came together in a frown. "You want to come to the Dark Howlers pack?"
　　"There, or the Midnight Guardians pack, or anywhere other than here. Please."
　　Talia tilted her head while processing Cassandra's words. "Didn't you stay here on your volition?"
　　Cassandra raised her head to meet Talia's scrutinizing gaze. "I stayed with the desire to learn, yet…" Cassandra glanced at Yasmin nervously.
　　"Do you expect me to agree to your request and upset the witches without understanding your reasons?", Talia sneered while wondering what Cassandra was trying to drag her into.
　　After a long moment, Cassandra turned her back to Talia and Yasmin.
　　The duo didn't move as Cassandra lifted her long white dress to expose her legs and back.
　　Talia swallowed the bile that rose in her throat at the sight of mangled skin. The flesh was ruptured, yet not bleeding, and it looked soft and fresh without any signs of healing.
　　"What did they do to you?", Talia asked, and Cassandra swiftly released the garment to fall down.
　　"I know I did wrongs. I am not asking you to heal me or to inquire with witches about this. I am only asking you to take me away from here. If you don't…", Cassandra's voice trailed, and Talia didn't need to hear more. Actually, Talia was aware of Cassandra's emotions because she could feel them through the bond of the pack and Talia knew that Cassandra was genuinely in distress.
　　"Didn't you make a deal to stay in the Silver Flame Coven?" It was Yasmin who asked.
　　"My deal was with priestess Cornelia", Cassandra responded. "My intention is not to end that deal. I don't mind following priestess Cornelia if that's what Alpha Talia wishes."
　　Talia released a slow breath. She was angry at Cassandra for what she did, and she wanted the Oracle to suffer beyond just taking away Cassandra's abilities, but this… this was too much.
　　"I will talk to Damon about the best approach. Be ready, we are leaving tomorrow."
　　Cassandra's eyes shook and she fell to her knees with her head so low that she was touching the ground. 
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 710 Pity for the enemy
Chapter 710 Pity for the enemy
　　"Thank you… thank you…", Cassandra chanted while prostrating herself in front of Talia.
　　"Don't make a scene", Talia said. She wanted to sound stern, but her voice was shaking. She couldn't imagine the amount of torture Cassandra went through and Talia was conflicted about feeling pity for the woman who tried to harm Damon.
　　"Go back quickly. Aren't you worried that Serena and Feya will find you here?", Talia asked while waving impatiently.
　　Cassandra scrambled to her feet, breathed another 'thank you', and then disappeared among the bushes.
　　Talia covered her face with her palms. The image of Cassandra's horrid flesh was etched into her mind, and she wished to erase it. Or maybe not… maybe it should stay there as a reminder of what witches are capable of. And not just witches, many others would cause harm indiscriminately. People shouldn't be trusted. No one should.
　　"Talia", Yasmin called. "About Cassandra, let me explain…"
　　"Can you heal her?", Talia interrupted Yasmin.
　　Yasmin paused for a long second before responding, "It won't be easy, but yes."
　　Talia nodded curtly and resumed moving among bushes with her palms glowing. "If we hurry, we can be back in time for dinner."
　　Talia didn't want to hear explanations for Cassandra's wounds because nothing could justify torturing a person like that. Maybe witches had their own way of doing things, but the fact that Cassandra was being watched by Serena and Freya told Talia how witches knew that what they did was wrong.
　　Talia looked at Yasmin who was visibly troubled, and she didn't know if she wanted to hug and comfort her or hate her.
　　Talia reminded herself that no matter what, Yasmin was nice toward her, and she should focus on that.
　　On the clearing…
　　'Damon', Talia's voice sounded in his mind and Damon jolted to look around.
　　'Did something happen?', Damon asked with urgency. He felt that Talia was not happy. 
　　'No, no. Things are fine.', Talia responded quickly. 'Ask Keith to stick to Cassandra. I don't want him to leave her out of his sight.'
　　'Did she do something?' Damon now suspected that the Oracle did something bad. It wouldn't be the first time.
　　'Witches are harming her, and I fear they will do it again if none of us is nearby. I will also need your help to get Cassandra to leave with us. Let's discuss details later.'
　　'Alright', Damon agreed. 'When will you finish what you are doing?'
　　'Almost done…'
　　…
　　After the group returned to the Silver Flame Coven, and things settled down, Axel called Talia to the side to discuss something.
　　Talia and Axel went into one room and Talia closed the door before asking, "Did Yasmin tell you we are planning to leave tomorrow?"
　　Damon and Talia were still waiting to disclose this to Evanora, but people who were supposed to leave the realm of witches were notified.
　　"Yes, I know.", Axel said. "We will come with you."
　　Talia didn't think that Axel and Yasmin will also leave. Won't this make Evanora hate them more?
　　Talia was aware that there could be many benefits if they stayed longer. Other than investigating the disappearance of Yasmin's father, Damon and Talia could learn more about portals, their abilities, Guardians, and many other things. But Talia was unsettled as her instincts told her to leave, and no matter how much knowledge was in the Silver Flame Coven, there were also many traps. Cassandra's wretched condition was proof of it. 
　　Would witches do something so vile to her and Damon if they could? Talia didn't want to think about it.
　　But no matter what they would do to Talia and Damon, Yasmin and Axel were safe. After all, Yasmin was Evanora's daughter, and Axel was her mate. Considering how protective Evanora was of Yasmin, Talia was confident that no harm will come to Axel because harming Axel meant harming Yasmin.
　　"Are you sure you want to leave with us?", Talia asked. "Don't you want to stay here and bond with your mother-in-law while researching the phenomenon we observed? I'm sure that Yasmin would like to investigate it more."
　　Axel waved his hand dismissively. "We don't need to be here to figure out what it means."
　　Talia eyed him suspiciously. "It seems you know more than you are telling me. Is that why you called me here?"
　　"I don't know much about what we observed, but…" He told her that his ability evolved and how he used it to mentally devour thousands of books. Serena was keeping an eye on him when they went to the archives in the afternoon, but then he returned on his own after dinner, and he spent the night reading anything his hands could reach.
　　"Wait, wait…", Talia said. "Are you telling me that you just need to touch a book and you know its contents?"
　　Axel was surprised by Talia's excitement. "Yes."
　　"Woah! Can you go through a few textbooks and then explain them to me quickly?"
　　Axel was not sure where she was going with it. "Textbooks?"
　　Talia was embarrassed to admit her situation, but if Axel was about to help, she needed to tell him. "I am taking online courses to get my high school degree. With Damon's help, I'm making good progress, but I still need at least a year to complete everything. With your help, that can go down to months."
　　Axel couldn't believe this. "You want to use my ability to cheat?"
　　"That's not cheating. It's not like I'm asking you to take exams in my place." Even though, that would be a good idea. Did she really need calculus in order to be a good Luna and Alpha? Does anyone need those things?
　　Axel chuckled. She was adorable and he couldn't refuse her. Besides, it will give him more time with Talia, and he wanted to get to know her better.
　　Talia was happy that Axel agreed, and he even said how she can bring books to the Midnight Guardians pack, and even if it takes her a week of studying (with Axel's help) to prepare for an exam, that would just be hours in the human realm. Talia liked this.  
　　Thinking that they were done, Talia was  ready to leave the room and join Damon. Only when he was in her visual range, she was at peace.
　　But Axel stopped her, saying that there was one more thing he wanted to discuss.
　　"Now that I've had time to think about everything I've read, I noticed one oddity. As much as witches' archives have a lot of information, there are gaps in data, like someone purposely removed specific records."
　　"And you are telling me that because…?" Talia waited for him to finish that thought.
　　"Because I noticed a similar pattern in the Midnight Guardians pack."
　　Talia could sense the concern behind his serious tone. "Can you explain that?"
　　"I will need to double-check when we get back, but I am fairly confident that specific documents were removed."
　　"Like?" Talia could see that he was not talking randomly.  
　　"Like information related to the portals. There might be other gaps but without knowing what should be there, I can't guess what was taken."
　　"Didn't Evanora say how witches who went to investigate portals took that information with them?"
　　Axel looked at Talia like she said something silly. "Do you really believe that? Witches treat their archives like a treasure. If it's a book or two, maybe they would allow it. However, how was it possible for them to take ALL information about portals to the field?"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 711 Leaving the realm of witches
Chapter 711 Leaving the realm of witches
　　After thinking about Axel's words, Talia thought about how it was logical. Why would witches take all information about the portals from the archives? Considering they were witches, and how Feya made specific information from the Catalogue fly out and appear on a different paper, there must be some copying spell they could use.
　　However, one thing didn't make sense. "Why would Evanora lie about that?", Talia asked Axel.
　　"Because she wanted to conceal her incompetence. Someone sneaked into their precious archive on Evanora's watch. It's a matter of Evanora choosing to save her reputation instead of telling us the truth."
　　Axel knew about this because his parents would twist the facts so that they look good.
　　Talia understood the point about Evanora caring for her image more than about the truth. However, she remembered one thing that drilled a gaping hole in Axel's theory.  
　　"We found information about the portals in the Midnight Guardians pack." Talia reminded him.
　　Axel shook his head. "Whatever we got was hidden in the safe of my parents' study and in Cornelia's quarters. When Yasmin told me how they had a lot of portals in their realm, I went to our archives wondering if I will find some similarities, but I didn't find anything. I thought how that was odd because there were several books describing draught from five centuries ago, yet there was nothing about portals. Nothing. Now that I've seen the same thing here, I can't help but think that those two were connected."
　　Talia stared at Axel while information sank in. "You are saying that someone came to this Coven and to the Midnight Guardians pack and removed information that was related to the portals."  
　　Axel touched his nose with his index finger, indicating to Talia that she was spot on.
　　Talia pressed her lips into a line. This was more than just getting access to archives and taking things. This was about someone going to both realms, and entering those areas without being exposed. Talia had no idea what to do with this information, but somehow… she had a feeling it was important.
　　…
　　James was lying on his side and observing the sleeping chocolate-colored Goddess by his side. Her breathtaking features looked amazing under the rays of the morning sun that sneaked in through the windows.
　　James knew that Cornelia was his soulmate, mated, marked, his, yet he had difficulty adjusting to that reality.
　　He never imagined that having a mate would be so fulfilling.
　　How could his father sleep around if having a mate fills one's heart to the brim? Or was that because Alpha Edward and Luna Layla were not fated mates? James was not sure, but he knew that he will never-ever do anything to betray Cornelia because betraying her meant going against himself.  
　　With Cornelia by his side, it seemed that all problems in the world faded  and James hoped that this bliss will continue for many years to come.
　　Cornelia took a deep breath and her lips lifted into a smile before she opened her eyes.
　　"Good morning, Jay", she said lazily.
　　James' insides trembled from the joy that swelled within him. She smiled and greeted him and the whole world brightened.
　　"Good morning, Cora", he responded.
　　Her brows came together. "Is it time to go?"
　　James didn't know the time, but he could hear the footsteps and voices from the hallway. Since he marked Cora, his senses intensified.
　　"Not yet. I will wake you up for breakfast.", he said.
　　He took her hand into his and kissed the inside of her palm, that gentle action made her eyes flutter open.
　　"I'm awake", Cornelia said, and her smile reflected in her eyes.
　　James stared at her, dazed by her beauty and emotions that poured into him through their mate bond that was solid now. James feared that Cornelia won't come with him, or that she will change her mind at the last moment, yet he could feel her love and devotion and he knew that she didn't want to leave his side.
　　James' eyebrows shot up when he felt Cornelia's dainty fingers tracing the grooves of his abdominal muscles.
　　Since the ceremony, the two of them were naked, mostly in bed, making love, and he thought that his witch won't be able to keep up, but it seemed that her libido was matching his. Was that one of the effects of his mark on her?
　　He licked his lips and inched closer to kiss his mark on her neck.
　　Cornelia's body trembled upon contact, and her breath splashed against his ear, "Oh, James…"
　　James growled, her sultry voice was like oil splashing on an already raging fire, and he knew that only Cornelia could make him feel sated.
　　They were on the bed, facing each other. James lifted her right leg and he loved that she not only cooperated but also dug her heel into his ass in an attempt to get him closer to her.
　　His groan mixed with her moan, and they were back at it.
　　This mate bond was fantastic!
　　…
　　Just like the last time when Axel and Talia left the realm of witches, they were escorted to the portal by many members of the Silver Flame Coven.
　　There were no ceremonies, and the atmosphere was relaxed, but Talia was wary of everyone and the closer they were to the portal, the faster her heart was beating.
　　Two healers and Calla went through the portal first. As members of the Midnight Guardians pack, their task was to alert the guards on the other side that more people were coming.
　　The healer called Olive stayed in the realm of witches with her mate, and they promised to visit the Midnight Guardians pack once their solitude as new mates was over.
　　Talia was nervous until the last person came out on the side of the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　Other than Talia and Damon, also present were Keith, Axel, Yasmin, Liam, Amelia, Cornelia, James, Cassandra, Calla, two healers from the Midnight Guardians pack, and six witches that came to explore the world on the other side of the portal.
　　Six witches were divided into three teams of twos, each duo following Yasmin, Amelia, and Cornelia respectively. Their task was to learn and be of help when needed, and after some time, they would return home and share their experiences with their fellow sisters. It was all part of the slow assimilation of witches into other realms.  
　　Talia was pleased that Cornelia agreed to take Cassandra with them without any questions. Cornelia didn't say if she will make Oracle follow her or maybe dissolve the deal, but the important part was that Cassandra left the realm of witches.
　　Talia looked at the portal, to confirm that no one else will come out.
　　"Are you expecting someone?", Yasmin asked Talia.
　　Talia thought that some honesty might be good. "I am surprised that your mother allowed us to leave like that."
　　"You will be back", Yasmin said right away.
　　"What?"
　　"That's what my mother said. That you will be back."
　　Talia was alerted. "How can she know that?"
　　"It's because of your situation. Your departure is only postponing finding out answers you need."
　　Talia knew that Evanora was right. They needed her help. However, dependency on a woman like Evanora was unsettling. Talia didn't see Evanora as an ally, and she definitely didn't trust the witch.
　　Was Evanora the only one who could give them the answers they were looking for?  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 712 An intruder (1)
Chapter 712 An intruder (1)
　　"Thank you, Alpha, for bringing me with you", Cassandra said while bowing to Talia.
　　Instead of responding to Cassandra's pleasantries, Talia spoke to Yasmin. "You said that she can be healed."
　　"I will work on that.", Yasmin assured her.
　　Talia could feel uncertainty from Calla who was looking at Cassandra, and she understood that Calla was wondering how Cassandra's return will impact Calla's newly acquired position that she shared with Remi.
　　"Calla", Talia called. "I hope you and Remi will take advantage of Cassandra's stay here to learn more about the rituals she performed. Don't allow your titles as head healers to prevent you from asking for help and guidance when a person with more experience is around."
　　Calla bowed her head in order to hide her smile. "Yes, Alpha!"
　　Talia's words confirmed that Calla and Remi will remain the leaders of healers regardless of Cassandra's presence, and also, there was a possibility that Cassandra's stay in the Midnight Guardians pack was temporary.
　　"Go now…", Talia said to Calla while waving with her hands toward Cornelia and Yasmin who were examining the teleportation diagram that should take them to the main house of the Midnight Guardians pack. Six visiting witches were also there, and that reminded Talia, "Calla, as the head healer, you will be responsible to ensure that our guests from the realm of witches are comfortable."
　　"Yes, Alpha. Leave it to me, Alpha!"
　　Talia felt weird with all the Alpha-this, Alpha-that, but Damon told her how that was important to remind everyone of the hierarchy.
　　'Alpha, may I have a word?', an unknown male voice sounded in Talia's head, and she turned to seek the source of it. One of the guards that were at the portal was facing her with his head lowered, and Talia guessed that he was the leader.
　　'You may speak', Talia responded through the mind-link.
　　'We were instructed by Beta Kai to inform you that we have an intruder.'
　　Talia's mind was spinning. Did she hear him right? 'An intruder?'
　　The guard confirmed. 'He disguised himself as one of the Omegas and Gamma Sandy was the one who identified him as an outsider.'
　　Talia didn't know how Sandy could identify intruders, but the sheer idea of someone coming here sneakily was disturbing. Was their group followed when they came here? Cornelia used a spell to teleport them close to the portal, but they crossed the last stretch on foot and then they entered the portal. Or what if another portal was active? How many intruders were there? What if the person disclosed the location of the portal before he was caught? What if more were coming? What if they were already here?
　　Talia jolted when Damon's hand landed on her shoulder, and his presence helped her focus. Right. she was the Alpha now, the person people looked at for guidance and she couldn't succumb to insecurities.  
　　Talia took a deep breath to compose herself before asking the guard through the mind-link, 'What were his motives for coming here?'
　　'I apologize, Alpha, but this is how much I know. Betas and Gammas have more information.'
　　Talia knew that this was a message left only to notify her that she should head straight to the main house without delays. Besides, just having outsiders here was a problem regardless of their motives. 'I understand. Thank you.'
　　'Problems?', Damon asked Talia through their private mind-link. He felt Talia's unstable emotions and based on the way the guard was bowing to her, Damon guessed that the guard was reporting something unpleasant.
　　'I'm not sure. But we have a situation.', Talia responded. 'We will find out more from Kai and Meg. We need to meet with them as soon as possible.'
　　Talia glanced at Axel whose solemn expression told her that he also got the news.
　　Next, Talia's eyes landed on James, and she called him to the side.
　　"It seems that someone came to this realm without authorization", Talia informed James. "I suggest that you stay in your room until we investigate the situation. Or if you wish to leave right now, we can arrange for you to go to the Dark Howlers pack right away. I have no idea who the intruder is, but let's not risk Alpha Edward finding out you are here."
　　"We will stay here for now.", James said right away. "Without knowing who that person is and his motives, we might be walking into a trap if we leave."
　　…
　　Axel, Yasmin, Talia, and Damon went straight to the study to meet with Kai, Meg, Tyler, and Sandy.
　　Without any delay, Kai told them that Sandy identified a man as an outsider on the previous evening, and he was kept in the dungeon that was specifically made to suppress prisoners from using their abilities.
　　Tyler passed them folders that had logs with timestamps regarding the intruder, and two pictures that looked nearly identical.
　　"This one is the intruder", Tyler explained. "And this is Austin, an unmated Omega in our pack."
　　"How did you know that he is an outsider?", Damon asked Sandy. If someone shuffled those pictures, he wouldn't know which one was the intruder.
　　The only thing that connects pack members is the mind link. Alphas can feel if someone has a mind-link, and forcibly communicate with their pack members. However, Sandy is not an Alpha.
　　"The air around him was wrong.", Sandy said.
　　"Can you explain that?", Talia asked.
　　"It's my ability", Sandy responded. "If I focus, I can see the aura around people. With Tyler's help, I figured out that the color of the aura I see matches the color of the wolf of the person I'm looking at. In order to improve my control, I am always practicing. I am new here, so I don't know people well, however, when I passed by him in the hallway, I realized that he is an outsider."
　　"Is something wrong with his wolf?", Axel guessed.
　　Sandy shrugged. "I don't know, but I remember that for the pack run everyone was amazed by Alpha Damon's black wolf, and Tyler told me that no one in the Midnight Guardians pack has such a dark wolf. The aura of the outsider was black."
　　"The intruder's disguise went beyond physical", Tyler said. "He knew his way around and even smelled like Austin. Without Sandy, we wouldn't know he was fake."
　　"What happened to Austin?", Yasmin asked.
　　"Austin is fine", Meg assured Yasmin. "We found him in his room sleeping. We couldn't wake him up, and healers confirmed that he was drugged. He woke up in the morning, not remembering how he got into his room after dinner."
　　"Do we know why the intruder came here?", Axel asked, and Kai, Meg, Tyler, and Sandy were shaking their heads.
　　Talia listened to all this and her frown was deepening. It all sounded like a guy walked in, got caught, and no one got hurt, but how can someone just walk in here? He was probably dangerous, and he choose not to harm anyone. Or did he have a specific target?
　　"There is no point in sitting here and guessing. Let's go and meet with the guy", Damon said.
　　Talia raised her hand. "No."
　　"No?" Damon looked at Talia like she said something silly. "How are you going to find out why he sneaked in here if you don't talk to him?"
　　"I will talk to him. You won't.", Talia deadpanned, seeing that Damon's frown was deepening, Talia quickly explained, "We didn't announce our relationship, Damon. People outside our small circle don't know that I am your mate, and they believe that Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack and Luna of the Dark Howlers pack are two different persons."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 713 An intruder (2)
Chapter 713 An intruder (2)
　　Damon's frown eased a bit, but he didn't want to give in easily. "You announced me as your mate when we arrived here. If the impostor talked with anyone from this pack, he will know we are mates."
　　"Let's not assume how much he knows. Didn't you teach me to not reveal more than necessary?", Talia retorted. "Please, Damon. Axel will be with me, and we will tell you everything. It won't be too late for you to talk with the guy some other time."
　　"I will be there also", Yasmin chimed in.
　　"I disagree", Talia said curtly.
　　Yasmin was not willing to be left behind. "It's not a secret that I am Axel's mate."
　　"True. However, no one knows you are a witch. The guy had the means to disguise himself and reach the center of the Midnight Guardians pack. Who knows what else he can do?", Talia ended with a question and glanced at Axel who was nodding in agreement.
　　Axel didn't want Yasmin to get in a situation where she could be harmed, and this was about facing a spy who wanted who-knows-what.
　　"Sit this one out, love", Axel told Yasmin. "Do it for our pups."
　　At the mention of their babies, Yasmin gave in.
　　With this being settled, Kai thought of reminding them. "We got a camera there so everyone can see the interrogation. Should we talk to Austin first?"
　　Talia refused. "No need."
　　She didn't have much information, but she needed to meet with the intruder. The implications of people knowing about the portal to the Midnight Guardians pack would be catastrophic, and Talia wondered if Damon would be OK to provide military assistance if this realm was in danger of being invaded. Or maybe it would be better if everyone moved to the Dark Howlers pack. None of those was a good solution because Damon couldn't give many of his soldiers to protect another pack, and if he gives only a handful, it would be useless. On the other hand, they still didn't prepare people to meet with the members of the Midnight Guardians pack and if they rush into it, it could end badly without anyone invading.
　　Talia took a deep breath to stabilize her emotions. She just told Damon confidently that she will handle this and if she falls apart now, she will only prove that she was not ready. Well, ready or not, the crisis was here, and she needed to rise to the occasion or risk putting her pack in danger.  
　　"What did you get from the intruder so far?", Axel asked Betas.
　　Kai shook his head. "The guy is not talking. He didn't expect to be caught, and he had no weapons on him. We didn't want to try anything drastic before you come and see for yourself. We were planning on sending a messenger today about this, but you returned before that happened."
　　"Good call.", Axel praised Kai, and then he turned to Talia. "Shall we?"
　　…
　　On their way to the dungeon, Axel and Talia walked in front with Kai and Meg behind them.
　　Axel noticed that Talia was tense, and he thought of offering encouragement. "It will be OK."
　　"Will it? You said that the guy didn't expect to be caught, but what if he got caught on purpose?"
　　"Who would want to end up in the dungeon?"
　　"The one who can escape at will.", Talia responded.
　　"How can that be? He is held by silver chains, given a non-lethal dose of wolfsbane, and the runes in the dungeon won't allow him to use his abilities."
　　Talia shook her head. Everything Axel said would be perfect to restrain a werewolf from the Midnight Guardians pack, but this guy was not one of those. Was she being too paranoid again? No, she wasn't. "You are talking like we didn't just return from a trip where we discussed creatures that can open portals at will. Your mother-in-law wanted to keep me and my mate behind as guineapigs because our reaction to her ceremony was outside her expectations. Don't assume that restrictions for one will work on everyone."
　　Axel realized that she was right, but… "If he is so powerful, what was the point of coming here and getting caught?"
　　Talia didn't have answers to this, but she hoped she will find them out soon.
　　…
　　Talia and Axel entered the cell to see a man sitting on a chair. He had short brown hair and brown eyes, just like Austin she saw in the photo from the file.
　　"Alpha", he called in a shivering voice while looking at Talia. "I didn't do anything wrong. Why am I here?"
　　'He has no wolf', Liseli said.
　　Talia's insides tightened at the thought that he was not even a rogue. Could a human come here undetected? Talia focused on keeping a stern expression and not imagining what kind of a creature she was facing."You can drop the act."
　　He raised his hands toward Talia, exposing his wrists that were chained in thick silver chains. "What did I do to deserve this? This is not an act, Alpha…"
　　"You don't belong to my pack.", Talia cut him off. "Who are you? Why are you here?" And how did he get here?
　　His expression froze and then he relaxed in the chair. "If you know that I'm not from your pack, why don't you make me admit the rest?"
　　His sudden confidence made Talia nervous, but she straightened her posture. Meg and Kai are outside the door, and Damon was watching through the video feed, and she couldn't show how anxious she was about this.
　　'Liseli? What is he?'
　　'I don't know', Liseli responded honestly. 'It seems he used some ability to alter his appearance.'
　　'Can we undo it?'
　　'We can try.'
　　Talia pointed her finger at the man and a streak of silvery light shot toward him.
　　He frowned at the sight and stared at his chest where light disappeared. One second, two, three… His lips lifted into a smile when he realized that nothing happened.
　　"Is that all you've got?", he asked with a smirk. "I guess I wasted my time waiting to meet with you in person."
　　Axel stared at Talia like she was growing a second head. Did she use her abilities? How was that possible in this cell?
　　The man in the chair saw that Talia's eyes were lit up with a silvery glow, but he was confident that she can't do anything to him. After all, he was not a member of the Midnight Guardians pack, nor a werewolf. To him, they were like lower species, someone not worthy to bother with.
　　He entered the Midnight Guardians pack more than once and he was confident that no one can see through his disguise. That's why he moved freely, believing that he had the whole night until the real Austin woke up, and Sandy calling him out was unexpected. He could flee right then and there, but he decided to stick around and see what else this pack had to offer for temporary entertainment.
　　Talia focused on her sight, and she could see the image of the man in front of her flickering as the familiar face of Austin was disappearing to be replaced with another one.
　　Talia's anxiety shot through the roof when she recognized him, and she extended her hand in front of Axel protectively.
　　'Talia?', Axel called through their mind-link in confusion when he realized that Talia was pushing him back, away from the man in the chair, and Talia's expression was not good.
　　Talia wanted to tell Axel to leave, but there was no time to explain things. After all, even if Axel saw what Talia could see, he wouldn't understand because he was not at the Council of the Alpha where she saw this man.
　　"Vin?", Talia called. "What is a Guardian doing here?"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 714 An intruder (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 714 An intruder (3) [Bonus chapter]
　　Axel froze at Talia's words. Did she say that the Austin-looking person in the chair was a Guardian? He never met a Guardian in person, but he heard stories about them. They were supposed to be neutral and powerful and... why was one of them impersonating an Omega?
　　Axel wanted to step in front of Talia, but her presence radiated caution and danger, and Axel was unable to move.
　　Vincent didn't hide his surprise that Talia recognized him. "You can see my true appearance?"
　　"Why are you here?", Talia asked.  
　　"What else can you do?", Vincent asked with an excited expression, like he was not a prisoner chained to a chair.
　　"Who sent you?"
　　Ignoring Talia's questions, Vincent asked, "Is this because you are the Alpha? Who is the female that can see through my disguise?"
　　"How did you get here?"
　　"I've seen your members' eyes light up, but that trick with the light shooting out of your finger was new. Is that your ability? How can you use your ability in this room? Was that light supposed to do something, or was it a prerequisite for you to see my true appearance?"
　　Talia couldn't believe this. "Will you answer my questions?"
　　"Why would I answer yours if you won't answer mine?", he retorted.
　　Talia gestured toward the chains. "It should be obvious who between the two of us is in the position to ask questions."
　　Vincent cocked an eyebrow and smirked in an obvious challenge of her words.
　　Talia was unsettled that Vincent was relaxed, and she also noticed that he didn't look at Axel at all, which made her realize that Vincent didn't think of Axel as important.
　　It was the same at the Council of the Alpha. After her performance with the sphere of power, the Guardians barely looked at any other Alpha.  
　　"Axel", Talia called. "Leave us."
　　"No!", Axel protested. Seeing Talia's stern gaze, Axel continued through their mind-link, 'Do you think that your mate will let me live if I exit this room?'
　　'Let me worry about Damon, Axel.' Didn't he know how dangerous Guardians were? Besides… 'He won't hurt me, but I can't guarantee that he won't use you to blackmail me.'
　　Axel couldn't believe that he was the weak link among the three. He had Alpha bloodline, he trained most of his life and he even had abilities, damn it! But his abilities didn't work unless he touched something, and even if the grabbed the man who smiled at him mockingly, Axel was too upset to focus.
　　However, no matter how useless he was, Axel was unwilling to leave Talia on her own. "I will stay here and watch your back."
　　"Ha-ha-ha", Vincent laughed exaggeratedly. "Your Alpha is telling you to leave because she is protecting you. I suggest you listen."
　　"I will be fine.", Talia assured Axel and continued through the mind-link, 'Stay on the other side of the door. There is a camera so you will be able to see and hear what's going on here.'
　　With this, Axel nodded stiffly and left the cell.
　　'Damon', Talia called through their mind-link.
　　'I know. You've got this', Damon said before she did. 'Don't get too close, kitten. Those chains might be nothing for him. If he tries anything funny, I will rip his head off.'
　　Talia smiled as she could feel that Damon's concern for her was genuine, just like his threat to Vincent.
　　"You look confident", Vincent said while eyeing Talia from top to bottom.
　　"So do you", Talia responded to Vincent.  
　　Was she confident? Not really. But Damon's encouragement made her brave and she knew that if she can't face this Guardian, no one else can. Was there a point in being afraid?
　　Vincent was obviously underestimating her, and Talia wondered how can she use that to her advantage.
　　"The way you disguised yourself, is that your ability?" Talia started with a question.
　　Vincent smirked. "Why ask if you know the answer?"
　　"Maybe I'm trying to see how open to cooperation you are."
　　He looked at her like she said something silly. "Strong ones take what they want. For cooperation, two sides need to be equal. Do you consider yourself my equal, Alpha Talia?"
　　Talia was irritated by his condescending tone. If he was so high and mighty, why did he come here like a thief? "Isn't that why you sneaked in here? To get me to accept your invitation to meet with the Guardians?"
　　Vincent didn't show any visible reaction as he stared at her which made Talia wonder if he was here with a different motive. After all, if that was his reason for coming here, what was the point of not confirming it? She thought of poking there a bit more.
　　"I got Julian's messages, but as the new Alpha, I was busy. I didn't want to respond without giving him a timeline of when we can meet. If I knew you were this impatient, I would tell you that I need more time. I didn't think that he will send you here, which brings me to the point: how did you get in here?"
　　Talia thought about another possibility. What if the Guardians had people from the Midnight Guardians pack to help them? She regretted not talking to Austin first. If she knew how Vincent approached him, she might get clues into who else was involved. What if Austin was the mole and he took the sleeping drugs to cover up his involvement?
　　"Vin", Talia called sternly. "I am giving you the benefit of doubt that you didn't come here with hostile intentions, but I am losing my patience. You will talk or I will make you."
　　"I would like to see that happen.", Vincent challenged her.
　　'He won't talk willingly', Liseli's voice sounded in Talia's mind.
　　'Can you force him?'
　　'He has no wolf, and your Alpha aura won't have an effect on him.'
　　'But you can get into his mind. Right?', Talia asked, and she could sense Liseli's excitement at this idea.
　　No matter how eager Liseli was to crack open Vincent's mind and uncover his secrets, she thought of giving a warning to Talia, 'Remember that I can damage his mind.'
　　Talia's mind was replaying numerous conversations she had with Damon in the last few weeks.
　　Damon told her that mercy to an enemy is just giving him another opportunity to attack, and what did she do so far?
　　Since she met Damon, Talia's position in the society of werewolves was rising from an unknown she-wolf who was hiding in the attic to Damon's mate, Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, and the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. During this time, she either ignored dangers or forgave perpetrators, while her troubles were increasing.  
　　Just as Talia's troubles were escalating, her enemies were following that trend, with Vincent coming up at the top of that bunch. He intruded into this realm and was not apologetic about it. Actually, Vincent was acting like he belonged here, and how can Talia assure her pack that she will protect them if sketchy characters were strolling in their own backyard?
　　Talia steeled her resolve and said to Liseli, 'His presence here is suspicious and he is acting like we can't touch him. Without his cooperation or desire to explain, we can assume that he has no good intentions. I don't want to harm anyone, but sometimes we must do what needs to be done to protect our loved ones. Let's do this.'
　　'OK!', Liseli responded enthusiastically.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 715 An intruder (4)
Chapter 715 An intruder (4)
　　'What are we looking for?', Liseli asked Talia.
　　'I want to know why he came here. How did he get into this realm? Who else is involved? What are his abilities? What are the Guardians? Why are they insistent for me to join them?'
　　'How about I find out where their base is so we can sneak in there and destroy it from within?'
　　Talia thought how that would be handy, but… 'Didn't you say that the longer time you spend in his mind, the bigger are chances of him becoming a vegetable?'
　　Liseli snorted. 'Are you going back to thinking how we can let him go and be friends? Even if he pledges loyalty, there is no way to predict what he will do once he is out of here. He can go back on his words or find a way around them and we won't have any way to confirm that. We don't know about his powers or abilities, but we know that he is underestimating us. Let's use this to get into his mind and find out what we can.'
　　Talia was aware that Liseli had a point, and even though she was not completely on board with getting information at any cost, Talia also didn't see any other option.
　　'Are you chickening out?', Liseli asked Talia. 'As an Alpha, you need to take care of your pack. This person knows how to get into this realm, and he is obviously not willing to cooperate. Can you let him go? Are you confident that you can keep him here and he won't escape?'
　　Talia was tired of secrets and people treating her like she was trash or a trophy to be won based on their limited knowledge about her.
　　"I am Natalia Moonrider", Talia said in an official tone. "I am the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and you will give me the answers I am looking for."
　　Vincent smirked at Talia whose eyes were lit up in silvery light now, and his smile faltered when her hair started changing color.
　　…
　　Talia was exhausted when she exited the cell.
　　Axel, Meg, and Kai were in the hallway, looking at Talia expectantly.
　　They saw what happened in the cell through the video feed.
　　Talia said how she will make the Guardian talk, and then she glowed to turn into silver Goddess-mode, and then… nothing.
　　For a few long minutes, there was nothing. No one moved a muscle and people watching the feed were not breathing, knowing that there was an intense battle ongoing, a battle no one could see, but the energies emanating were nearly tangible.
　　Eventually, Talia turned into her normal self, Vincent sat limply on his chair, and Talia walked out of the cell and here they were.
　　"No one should enter his cell without authorization", Talia said. She really wanted some time for herself, or preferably with Damon, but she knew that everyone wanted answers. "Let's meet in the study."
　　Talia met Damon in the next hallway; he was rushing toward her from the moment she exited the cell. Talia told him to stay on the side and wait, but he was unable to wait any longer. He could feel that her emotions were unstable and that she needed him.
　　While Talia was glowing, Damon was unsettled and he wanted to go there and support her or beat up that Guardian into pulp, but Sapa was reminding him that Talia and Liseli should handle this. Damon knew that Sapa was right. The Guardians were powerful, and their biggest flaw was that they were underestimating Talia; not only her power, but her allies as well, and that were cards that shouldn't be revealed until absolutely necessary.  
　　But now that interrogation was over, and Talia was out, Damon was free to shower her with his affection.
　　Talia looked at Damon and her eyes shook with uncertainty due to conflicting emotions that clashed within her.
　　She hurt a person. That guy was chained to a chair, and even though Talia knew he was not weak nor helpless, and she guessed that his intentions were bad, he was unable to retaliate, he didn't actually do any harm, yet she hurt him. Did she turn into a monster?
　　Before Talia said anything, Damon picked her up princess style.
　　"Rest, kitten", Damon said while pressing his lips on her forehead. "I've got you."
　　Talia leaned on him and let him carry her. She even closed her eyes to enjoy the comfort Damon's presence provided.
　　In the study, Damon sat in the chair with Talia on his lap. He had no intention of releasing her from his hold and she appreciated it.
　　Axel, Yasmin, Kai, Meg, Tyler, Sandy, Keith, James, and Cornelia were there, all anxiously looking at Talia.
　　Talia took a deep breath and started talking.
　　"Just as we suspected, Guardians are not werewolves and they are not witches either. I don't know what exactly they are, but I know that Alphas are respecting them for a reason."
　　"How are their powers when compared to witches'?", Cornelia asked.
　　"I don't know", Talia said honestly. "You are welcome to try the effectiveness of your spells after he wakes up but keep in mind that will expose you. At this point, he is not aware of the Silver Flame Coven or that we have a portal that connects us."
　　Talia looked at Sandy and continued, "You saw through him only because he was not expecting it. If he knew about your ability, he would either avoid you or find a way to counter you."
　　"Are they so powerful?", Axel asked.
　　"Guardians' strength and speed are on par with Alpha's. On top of that, they have abilities. Their source of power is different from ours. It's not from the moon nor are those energies of nature. It's almost like they are coming from the Earth itself. Vincent's ability is to disguise himself, appearance and scent, and it's not limited only to humanoid creatures. He can turn into an animal, a vase, or a rock. Just by using sight, scent, and touch, no one would be able to tell a difference."
　　Everyone in the study was visibly uncomfortable with this.
　　Damon noticed another piece of information. "How do you know his name?" While talking with the prisoner, Talia addressed him as Vin, and now she called him Vincent.
　　Talia realized that she said Vincent's name. "He was one of the Guardians present at the Council of the Alphas. He introduced himself as Vin. I know, this prisoner looks nothing like that guy, but that only proves how good his ability is to disguise himself."
　　Talia turned to talk to others. "I can force my way into seeing a person's memories. He was resisting so I used quite a bit of my energy and will need to rest for some time. After he awakens, we will need to assess his mental state as I can't predict what consequences he suffered because of what I did."
　　Talia wondered if they will think of her as a monster, but Axel slapped his thigh excitedly with, "I knew that you can do much more than healing."
　　Meg's eyes were shining with admiration while looking at Talia. "You are cool! What else can you do?"
　　Talia shook her head helplessly. This was not the time for fangirling but she was relieved to see that people accepted her.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 716 An intruder (5)
Chapter 716 An intruder (5)
　　Everyone was curious to know how the Guardian managed to get into the heart of the Midnight Guardians pack, so Talia explained, "Vincent used his ability to come through the same portal as we did. He pretended that he is a member of the scouting group that left for the human realm and said to the guards that he had something important to report to the Alpha. He would leave with the same identity and a story that he was heading to reunite with his group."
　　Axel, Tyler, and Kai exchanged glances at this, and Damon had to say, "All this is telling us that the Guardian knew about your protocols, and it was not his first time here."
　　Talia confirmed. "Vincent would come here and take on the identity of one of the pack members so that he can gather information related to current happenings or gossip circulating. He didn't ask questions and he avoided crowded places like the cafeteria in order to avoid being exposed."
　　"I will re-shuffle warriors on guard duty", Kai said.
　　Axel felt that was not enough. "Let's come up with ways to create layers in information."
　　"Let's pick a few people who will know who gets in and out of the portal, and we should add codewords to confirm identity.", Tyler added.  
　　Yasmin was trying to brighten up the mood. "It's a good thing that Guardians don't have another portal."
　　"I wouldn't be so quick to celebrate.", Talia said dryly, and everyone looked at her in panic while wondering what that means. "I am confident that not so long ago, Guardians used a different way to enter this realm. Something happened, and that passage was closed, so now they are using this portal."
　　"Is that why this Guardian was here? To find a way to reopen that passage?", Axel asked.
　　"No. He was here with the goal to approach your parents in order to gather information about me.", Talia said flatly without mincing her words.
　　"My parents? Do they know each other from before? Are my parents aware that he is an outsider?", Axel asked in disbelief.  
　　"That, I don't know", Talia said. "I am hoping that Sophia and Isaac can be honest about this because it impacts the security of this pack." 
　　Talia saw in Vincent's memories scenes with Sophia and Isaac, but the images were fragmented and she was not sure if Vincent interacted with them.
　　Axel was troubled. After being stripped of their abilities and positions, Sophia and Isaac retreated into a separate dwelling and Axel had people watching them. What if his parents managed to get those people to look the other way while they worked against Talia?
　　Talia decided to share more information she got from Vincent. "How much Vincent knows; he is the only Guardian in this realm. Other Guardians are aware of this realm and how to get here, but only Vincent is allowed to come with the assumption that he won't be caught because of his ability to disguise himself."
　　"If they are so powerful, why are they hiding?", Yasmin asked Talia.
　　"The Guardians fear that if we know about them using this portal, we will close it."
　　"If you close it, the whole pack will be trapped.", Damon said. "Guardians don't know that you can re-open the portal."
　　"True, but…", Talia hesitated. "The Guardians are aware that unmated members of the Midnight Guardians pack have dormant powers. They are keeping an eye on the portal while waiting for people who are escaping from here."
　　"Why?", Sandy asked.
　　"Do you remember the stories about powerful females being coveted because of the offspring they can produce?", Talia responded with a question and the whole study descended into a tense silence.
　　Meg was the first one to speak, "Are you saying that the Guardians are capturing pack members who escaped through the portal and are taking them away for experimenting and breeding?"
　　Talia's troubled expression was confirmation no one wanted to hear.
　　Axel rubbed his face forcibly. If things were like this, no wonder why no one who left came back.
　　"Are members of the Midnight Guardians pack held by the Guardians against their will?", Tyler asked while rage rippled through him. One of his friends left the Midnight Guardians pack in search of his mate. Was he in some dungeon, or in a lab? If that was true, they were facing formidable opponents. How are they supposed to fight against them?
　　"The Guardians see themselves as superior compared to other creatures.", Talia said. "How much I've seen in Vincent's memories, they are not using force, but there are other ways to persuade a person."
　　They all stared at Talia while imagining what those 'ways of persuasion' might be.
　　Damon's hold on Talia tightened. "You said that the Guardian came here to get information on you. Why?" Were they planning to capture Talia for that breeding monstrosity? She was mated, so she definitely won't accept it willingly, but what if they make her not feel the bond? What if they erase her memories of him? What if they make her believe that she loves one of them?
　　Talia could sense Damon's fury and anguish swelling and she was quick to put her palms on his cheeks and make him look at her.
　　"His instructions were to come here and find out whatever he can about me from ex-Alphas."
　　Talia cursed herself for bringing up how powerful females were coveted without thinking that it can apply to her as well. Now Damon was sizzling with rage, and he was in danger of blowing up, and Talia couldn't blame him because she would be the same if she was not so exhausted.
　　Talia wanted to change the topic. "Last night, Vincent overheard that Damon and I are mates, and that I'm powerful, but that's as far as he went. It doesn't matter if the Guardians know that Damon is my mate, because everyone will know about it soon." She turned to Yasmin and Cornelia. "No one spoke about witches, and he didn't ask because he didn't know about it. Your identity is safe."
　　"For now.", Axel said stiffly.
　　They were all unsettled.
　　"What are we going to do about the Guardian?", Kai asked.
　　"We can't kill him, and we can't keep him here either.", Talia said, making everyone look at her.
　　"You suggest that we let him go?", Sandy asked with disbelief obvious in her voice.
　　Damon released a low growl that made Sandy lower her head right away in submission. 
　　"Your Alpha is not suggesting. She is giving orders.", Damon said.
　　Talia's hand quickly patted Damon's back in an attempt to pacify him. Everyone was tense and infighting won't help anyone.
　　So far silent James spoke for everyone to understand, "Alpha Talia doesn't want to release the prisoner, but she has to. If he doesn't return in time, other Guardians will come to investigate. We all heard that they have abilities, and can suppress Alpha's aura, and we can assume that there is more than that. Just the fact that Alphas treat Guardians with respect should be a warning not to take them lightly. We might be able to handle one or two of them, but what if a dozen of Guardians appear, each with a different ability?"
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 717 An intruder (6)
Chapter 717 An intruder (6)
　　James spoke to Talia. "We can turn this to our advantage. By providing him with selected information before letting him go, and making it look natural, the Guardians will believe whatever we serve them. The most effective is if we mix in deception with the truth."
　　Every time James spoke, Talia was more impressed. How come Alpha Edward was not aware of James' brilliance that was right under his nose? Out of all the mistakes Alpha Edward committed, Talia was confident that neglecting James was the worst one.
　　"I can plant a tracking spell on him", Cornelia volunteered. "They know how to get here, so it will be fair for us to know where they are hiding." Cornelia heard about the Guardians from James. They were without designated territory, but they definitely had a base where they gathered.
　　"Thank you, Cornelia", Talia said, and she really meant it.
　　"No need to thank me", Cornelia responded sternly. "This male came here, and he is a threat to all of us. It wouldn't be right if I just sit on the side while my mate participates actively."
　　James looked at Cornelia with hearts in his eyes. She said that they are mates for so many ears to hear! His chocolate-colored Goddess was fantastic, and they will get to work together, and his eyes fell on his mark on her neck, and he was getting hard again.
　　Talia was happy that James and Cornelia offered their assistance with handling the Guardian. She wanted to talk about this more, but her energy levels were low, and she desperately needed rest.
　　"We will wait for results after assessing his condition.", Talia said and turned to Meg. "Can you get a few healers to work on this? Make sure they are not alone with the Guardian. He might be faking weakness."
　　Meg confirmed and Talia spoke to Axel, "Someone should talk to Sophia and Isaac and find out how much they know about this."
　　Axel was aware that Talia was giving him another chance to deal with his parents. He wanted to say how Sophia and Isaac had nothing to do with this, and he really wished that everything was a big misunderstanding and that they can be a happy family, Talia included, but he also knew that those were dreams that will never come true.
　　The facts were that Sophia and Isaac acted against Talia and Damon, and it was their luck that they were not in the dungeon or executed for what they did. Axel was not sure to what degree Damon will pursue what happened, but he knew that Damon could start a war at any moment, and the consequences would be catastrophic. The only reason why the Midnight Guardians pack was not wiped off and put under the control of the Dark Howlers pack was because Talia was Damon's mate.
　　"I suggest that Beta Meg and Gamma Sandy talk with ex-Alphas.", Axel said and when everyone looked at him questionably, he explained, "Meg and Sandy are new to the pack, and they are not hostile nor loyal toward them. I believe that Meg and Sandy will be able to talk to ex-Alphas without bias. Without their abilities, my parents are just like regular werewolves, so they won't be a threat to ranked members."
　　With this, Axel distanced himself from his parents and people won't think that they got an easy way out because of Axel.
　　"Keith should join them as well", Damon said. "He is familiar with interrogation techniques."
　　Keith agreed right away, happy that he got something to do. So far, his duties were to hold a candle for Talia and Damon, to avoid nearly-naked horny witches, and to be painfully aware of how single he was while the woman he had feelings for was with her mate.
　　Axel cringed at the thought of his parents being interrogated like hostile individuals, but he didn't say anything. If they actually dared to work against Talia, that would be against the Midnight Guardians pack also, and that would classify them as traitors. Axel wouldn't have the heart to make such a judgment, so letting others handle it would be the best.
　　Seeing that no one ed to Keith joining Meg and Sandy, and that they addressed major points, Damon stood up with Talia in his arms. "I will take Talia to rest. Don't disturb us unless there is an emergency."
　　"I will send you some food.", Yasmin said.
　　Damon approved. "Leave it at the door."
　　Damon didn't release Talia from his arms until they reached their bedroom and he put her to lay on the bed. He loved that her little hand was clutching his shirt, unwilling to let go.
　　Damon laid next to Talia and wrapped his arms around her.
　　He was aware that Talia was resisting succumbing to sleep, and he was proud that she managed to attend that meeting, give updates, and issue orders like the true Alpha she is.
　　"How is Liseli?", Damon asked.
　　"She is resting. Vincent was rejecting our attempts to get into his mind, and that drained her."
　　Damon hated that Talia did all the work and he got to sit on the side, and Sapa echoed those sentiments. The two of them came to an agreement to get stronger so that their beautiful mates don't need to work this hard.
　　"You should also rest", Damon said while running his fingers through Talia's hair, knowing that she loved those small tugs on her scalp which helped her relax.
　　"I don't know if I can rest after harming a person on purpose, for no good reason.", Talia said.
　　Damon could feel her conflicting emotions and he didn't want her to feel bad because of what she did.
　　"He came here with an intention to harm you and your pack. His presence alone is proof of his malicious intentions, and you had every right to act against him."
　　"What if he became a vegetable?"
　　"That would be proof of your strength and his weakness."
　　"He didn't think I could do it."
　　"And that would be a part of his weakness as well. If he dared to come here and snoop around, he was supposed to know what he was getting himself into. He was arrogant for underestimating you and that's not your fault. Now, if you are not going to rest, instead of beating yourself over doing what you needed to do, how about you tell me what else you found out about the Guardians?"
　　"How do you know there is more?", Talia asked.  
　　Damon smirked smugly. "How can I not know my mate? Those little breaks between topics told me that you were filtering out what to say."
　　Talia had to admit that Damon was right. She didn't want to keep secrets from people who were in the study, but some parts just didn't make sense. Sharing those bits would spark unnecessary discussions as they tried to piece them together, and she wanted to avoid coming to the wrong conclusions. However, Damon was different. She wanted him to know everything, fragments included.
　　Talia snuggled closer into Damon. His proximity was providing comfort and charging her with the positivity she desperately needed, and she started talking...
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 718 Vincent's memories
Chapter 718 Vincent's memories
　　"I saw a lot of images, but he was resisting so anything more than a day old was choppy. On top of that, I can't say with certainty how far in the past those memories belong. I am confident that Dex is high in their hierarchy, maybe even their leader. No, he is not the leader…", Talia's voice trailed as she was switching between talking and sending Damon mental images. 
　　"There was a scene of Dex telling Vincent how their leader is sending him to find out about me, so there is definitely at least one person above Dex. And Dex's name is Declyn. Only a handful of them are staying in a castle, while most of the Guardians are living among humans..."
　　Damon was pleasantly surprised that Talia found out so much information and he was glad that she kept it to share with him first. It made him feel important, above others.
　　"If they are living among humans, that would explain why we can't locate their bases. I'm not familiar with that castle, but I'm not exactly an expert in that area. Elder Agatha is vested in studying history, so maybe she will have a clue."
　　"Assuming that the castle is in the human realm.", Talia said. 
　　Damon agreed with this. The possibility of Guardians having their base in a separate realm was something they had to consider. 
　　"What else?", Damon asked.
　　"Vincent loves to drink. He is mourning the loss of his lover."
　　"Do Guardians have mates?"
　　Talia was not sure. "I don't know if they were mates, but I know that he loved her. Based on the clothes she wore in his memories, it's been a long time since she died. She was pregnant and he never saw his child."
　　Talia's heart tightened while thinking about it. Those were some of the clearest memories she could see from Vincent. It was a woman with long blonde hair and almond-shaped green eyes. He loved her deeply, and he was elated when her belly started showing, and then she was gone, and everything after that was an agony that he tried to numb with alcohol.
　　The problem with accessing someone's memories was that Talia was transported there to sense everything that the memory preserved, the pain of losing a loved one included.
　　Damon pursed his lips while thinking. "Right there is a way for you to get this Guardian on our side."
　　"Really?", Talia snapped to look at Damon with interest. If they could sway Guardians to support them, that would be fantastic! "Tell me more."
　　"You need to find him a mate."
　　Talia's face fell. Was this really the time for jokes?
　　Damon chuckled. "Use your Malia powers and find him a mate. If she is someone from our packs or a witch, he will be on our side."
　　"You are forgetting one important thing.", Talia said dryly.
　　"Which one?"
　　"There is no such thing as Malia powers."
　　Damon inched closer and gave her a soft kiss on the lips. "And you, my kitten, are forgetting that there IS such a thing as Malia powers, and I can prove it by reminding you how all unmated people around you are finding their mates."
　　Talia was not sure if Damon was serious about her having such powers, but she knew that he was playfully diverting the topic. Damon definitely felt that her mood was dropping while thinking about Vincent's sorrow, and he was helping her bounce back. "Thank you, Damon."
　　"For?" He had an idea, but he still wanted to hear Talia praising him.
　　"For being wonderful. For being mine." For accepting me for who I am and not judging me no matter what I do. "You are my home, Damon."
　　"And you are mine, kitten. And you are mine.", he responded with glee. "Today, you interrogated an enemy like a true Alpha. You started with asking questions he refused to answer, and you did what you needed to do. I know it was hard because it was your first time, but next time it will be easier as you will confirm that these things are necessary and losses are negligible compared to how much you will gain. You have unimaginable powers to protect yourself and your pack. Don't feel guilty about using what's available to you because your strength is what's ensuring the prosperity of your pack. Once outsiders realize you are not a pushover, they will think twice before trespassing and no one will dare to offend you or your pack members."
　　Talia held her breath while listening to Damon's words. She really needed to hear this, to hear that what she did was not wrong. And it's not that he only said how her actions were OK, but he also praised and encouraged her to keep going. To make it all better, the mate bond allowed her to feel that he meant it. He was really proud of her. Can he be any sweeter?
　　Talia smiled foolishly while thinking how she didn't need to put pretenses in front of Damon because no matter what she did, he would welcome her with his arms open wide. Damon celebrated her successes, comforted her when she failed, and advised her when needed. Unconditional acceptance. It was a wonderful feeling that caused a pinch in the back of her throat, and she craved an outlet for the emotions that swelled within her.
　　"I wish that we go to that cave", she said.
　　Damon didn't need clarifications related to which cave Talia was talking about. "We can go there, as soon as we deal with this Guardian." Damon really wanted to go there and break Vincent until nothing was left of him, but he knew that this was Talia's battle and if he showed his face, it would only make things worse.
　　Damon's eyebrows shot up when he felt Talia's dainty fingers under his shirt.
　　"I thought you are tired.", Damon said. His words were a warning that she shouldn't start what she can't finish.
　　Instead of responding, Talia latched her lips on the left side of his neck, right where her mark was.
　　A shaky moan formed in Damon's throat as his whole body shook when she started sucking him there. He was on the verge of an orgasm just because she was tending to her mark! Seductress.
　　"Make love to me, Damon…", Talia's lips moved against his flesh. "I need to feel you. I want to reinforce my mark on you. And I want you to mark me as well." Somehow, she knew that this was important.
　　Damon growled and, within seconds, their clothes were all over the room.
　　His kitten demanded carnal pleasures and marking, and how can he say no to that?
　　Talia could describe her current state as hunger. She was hungry for Damon, consumed in desperate need for his touch and for his presence to envelop her.
　　Damon wanted to start by sucking on her breasts before burying his face into her sweet pussy to lap at her juices. He loved hearing her cries as she came apart at least once before he gets balls deep into her, but this time Talia's fingers dug into his back as she was not letting him go lower.
　　Her core was throbbing painfully, seeking Damon's shaft to fill her up and she didn't want to waste time on foreplay.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 719 Double marking [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 719 Double marking [Bonus chapter]
　　'Take me, Damon. Take me, now…', Talia chanted through their private mind-link.
　　Talia's body shook when he started sucking her neck on the spot where his mark was showing faintly, and her mouth opened in a silent scream when he jabbed himself inside her.
　　The world stilled for a moment only and then he gripped her hip and started rocking into her with the urgency they both felt.
　　This was more than making love. The invisible energies converged around them, the closed windows shook, and neither of them noticed the breeze in the room that was picking up in intensity as they were consumed with each other.
　　Faster. Harder. Every thrust pushed them closer to the goal they were both chasing.
　　The sound of flesh slapping against flesh was mixed with the hum of the wind as clothes and light items from the room were circling in the air around the bed.
　　'Now, Damon… together…', Talia's voice sounded in Damon's mind, and he didn't need to hear more of what she meant because his fangs were already out.
　　Damon's fangs sank into Talia's flesh bone-deep and the scorching pain in his neck told him that she did the same.
　　Double marking. At the same time. It was euphoric.
　　Her insides gripped his cock in rhythmical pulses to perfectly match every squirt of his seed that he released into her depths and they growled into each other flesh.
　　Damon and Talia marked each other several times, and they shared an abundance of orgasms, but this was on a totally different level.
　　Their souls and bodies became one as their emotions and thoughts merged completely to the point of being unable to distinguish if they came from Talia or from Damon. Their adoration and love mixed and amplified each other, giving them confirmation that they were meant to be together.
　　The wind inside the closed room was raging around the bed where Damon and Talia were, and two naked bodies glowed in blinding silvery light, lost in the ecstatic sensation of belonging, unaware of the phenomenon that was not confined to their room. The midday sky outside turned dark, as a heavy storm came out of nowhere and big and small creatures ran for shelter.
　　In the middle of that chaos, Damon and Talia exchanged last drops of their venom, protected by the impenetrable silvery ethereal bubble of their energies.
　　Talia was first to retract her fangs, and she licked the spot where she marked Damon. She would laugh at the way his body twitched with every move of her tongue, but Damon was still rocking into her, like he could never get enough of her, and she hoped he never will.
　　Damon licked a few drops of blood from Talia's neck, and asked through their mind-link, 'Do you think the mark will stick this time?' Somehow, he felt that this marking was different from all previous ones. It felt more complete.
　　'They both will', Talia said with confidence, and she was happy to respond to his soothing kisses that were deep, gentle, and comforting to her soul.
　　Damon reminded himself that Talia was tired and that he shouldn't overdo it. Once was enough, for now.
　　He slipped to the side and smiled when he realized that Talia's body followed him like they were stuck to each other with an invisible magnetic force.
　　'How do you know that these marks will stick?', he asked and then he observed the mess in the room. It was like an aftermath of a tornado.
　　He wondered if she knew what happened to the room. How come he didn't hear that big floor lamp breaking?
　　'Kitten?'
　　No response.
　　"Kitten?"  This time he called with his voice.
　　Damon exhaled helplessly when he realized that Talia fell asleep.
　　She was in a fetal position, and she looked so small and fragile, not the image of a muscular figure one would associate with an Alpha; the most powerful Alpha in their generation… and she was his.  
　　Damon carefully moved to lay behind Talia and he cocooned her in his arms as he curled his body around hers to maximize the addictive skin-to-skin contact that was laced with the sparks of their bond.
　　"Sleep, kitten…", Damon murmured into Talia's hair. She deserved to rest, and everything else can wait.
　　Damon closed his eyes and the soothing pitter-patter of rain against the windows lulled him into sleep.
　　What Damon missed to notice were faint pulses of silvery light that emanated from their bodies. With their every heartbeat, energies flowed through them, and their bond was growing and changing them in ways they were yet to discover.
　　~ An unknown location ~
　　Declyn walked through the dark and stuffy hallways of the dungeon that extended below their castle.
　　He never liked this place, and he didn't understand why Gregory was here. They didn't imprison anyone in decades.
　　The stone walls were interrupted by areas of iron bars as Declyn approached the unpleasant sound of a whip cracking which guided him to Gregory's location.
　　"Is Vin back?", Gregory asked Declyn without turning.
　　Gregory was in a dark cell that had rough moss-covered stones on three sides and rusty iron bars on the fourth one. Declyn couldn't see who was in the cell with Gregory, but the shadow resembled a man crouching on the floor.
　　"No", Declyn responded. He was late, but it was not unusual since there were cases Vincent would lay in wait for days while waiting for the right moment to infiltrate his destination.
　　Gregory's hand was raised to deliver another hit, but then he froze halfway and turned to look at Declyn. "Why are you here then?"
　　"You wanted to know the schedule of Alpha Talia."
　　"You have it?"
　　Declyn confirmed. "That's why I'm here."
　　Gregory's frown eased and he said, "I will break you and you will tell me what I want to know. It's only a matter of time. Why are you prolonging your suffering?"
　　There was no response, but Declyn guessed that words were directed toward the shadow in the cell.
　　Gregory scowled. "Fine. We will do it your way. I have all the time in the world."
　　Gregory walked out of the cell and closed the heavy door. "Let's talk outside."
　　Declyn couldn't wait to get out of there. The dungeon gave him the creeps.
　　There was a time when Guardians had numerous prisoners, but now that number was reduced to a few. Humans succumbed to their injuries easily and Gregory refused to remove decomposing corpses, leaving them there to rot as a reminder to others how they will end up if they don't cooperate.
　　How much Declyn knew, only a handful of prisoners were there breathing and one of them was a Guardian who dared to disobey Gregory by sabotaging the portals that were used to access other realms. They called him Ed.
　　The stubborn guy was alive only because he was the only expert on portals among the Guardians, and no one else knew how to fix the mess they were facing now. Some of the portals were closed completely and some became unstable, those brave few that stepped into them never returned.  
　　Gregory was obsessed with reopening the portals and he told Ed that as long as he spills the secrets, he will be let out, but they all knew that Gregory cared about his reputation too much to forgive disobedience. What Ed did was going against Gregory's will and they never confirmed why Ed did it, even though they were guessing that he was protecting something or someone.  
　　Gregory flung the bloodied whip on the side table before they climbed the steps that led outside.
　　Declyn inhaled a lungful of fresh air greedily. The last body decomposed in the dungeon a decade ago, but the stench from bodily fluids was there.
　　"What do you have for me?", Gregory asked.
　　Declyn handed him a sheet of paper. "These are upcoming functions where Alpha Talia confirmed her attendance."
　　Gregory scanned the list and then he focused on the first item. "Luna's ceremony in the Blue River pack." He liked that it was only a week away because he was impatient. "Did you arrange my access?"
　　Declyn nodded and handed him another paper.
　　Gregory grinned. "Staff member. Good work, Declyn." As an Omega, Gregory could move around without being noticed. After all, during these events, Omegas are too busy serving guests, and guests won't pay attention to servers.
　　With the help of those few corrupted Alphas, Gregory was confident that he will get his chance to approach Talia.
###Chapter 720 Changes in the air (1)
Chapter 720 Changes in the air (1)
　　~ the Red Moon pack ~
　　It's been four days since James, Cornelia, George, Dawn, and Nora returned from the Dark Howlers pack.
　　Two witches from the Silver Flame Coven were supposed to accompany Cornelia, but one of those two found her mate in the Midnight Guardians pack, and Cornelia thought that considering her plan to accompany James while staying hidden, it would be safer if the second one didn't join her. That sparked the conversation about the safety of the witches, so all six newcomers from the Silver Flame Coven ended up staying in the Midnight Guardians pack, for now.
　　Just as Talia predicted, on the day before Cornelia and James left the Dark Howlers pack, Cornelia called Damon to talk in private and she reminded him of their deal where he will do something for her in exchange for her performing the chants that removed the dark magic from him. Cornelia asked for Damon to aid James when needed, to which Damon agreed with a clause that as long as it's not unreasonable or puts the Dark Howlers pack in danger, he will do it. Cornelia was fine with that.
　　Talia promised Dawn and Cornelia that they are welcome at the Dark Howlers pack and at the Midnight Guardians pack at any time (this offer extended to their mates also).
　　The moment they arrived at the Red Moon pack, George and James went to confront the wrath of Alpha Edward. The old guy was simmering in his anger since Marcy disappeared.
　　No one got a beating, but there was a lot of shouting, name-calling, and questioning by Alpha Edward.
　　Other than James and George, Nora was also kneeling on the floor of the study with her head lowered. This time, the three of them were in the same pickle.
　　Nora got out of the dungeon of the Dark Howlers pack only after taking a blood oath that she won't disclose to Alpha Edward anything that could harm George, James, Damon, or Talia.
　　James explained to Nora that she needed to keep quiet about Marcy, Talia, and anything else that happened at the Dark Howlers pack because if Alpha Edward suspects anything fishy, they will all be on the chopping block. The safest thing was for everyone to say how Marcy tricked them and no one saw it coming. Nora agreed to roll with it. She was desperate to stay in Alpha Edward's good books. Besides, Alpha Edward knew that Nora was in the dungeon, so her story how she didn't know anything sounded legit. As a bonus, she used that to get pity, and Alpha Edward not only bought her a new wardrobe, but she got extra care during the nights from him.
　　As for Dawn, she was nervous about coming to the Red Moon pack. Luckily, Dawn immediately saw Estelle as a mother figure who reminded her of Stephanie, and Dawn had a feeling that Estelle will take care of all of them.
　　As part of the deal for Cornelia to come to the Red Moon pack, Cornelia (and James) got a room on the second floor of George's villa where the newly mated couple spent their nights. During the day, James kept busy with his usual schedule, while Cornelia was in the Dark Howlers pack with Amelia, researching the portals.
　　Gideon and Mindy would join the witches occasionally, curious to find out more about all the mystical things they were doing there.
　　So far, three out of four times Dawn came to the Dark Howlers pack with Cornelia. The teleportation magic was handy to move between the packs in a flash. George had his duties, so Dawn spent her day with Zina.
　　It was just before dinnertime when Dawn and Cornelia appeared in the bedroom on the second floor of George's villa.
　　George and James still didn't return from their day, so Cornelia went to shower, and Dawn headed to the kitchen to see if she can help Estelle with meal preparations.
　　It was usual for George to come late. He was always the last one on the training grounds, and even though he tried to come as early as possible, he couldn't break his character and ditch the training. He still didn't announce that Dawn was his mate. George had a plan to make a big deal out of it, but after he heard about the possibility of Alpha Edward setting him up with random women, George thought of waiting a bit before revealing Dawn's existence. If Alpha Edward found out that George had a mate, he will be curious and George wanted to keep Dawn away from that power-hungry lecherous man as long as possible, preferably forever.
　　George wanted to issue an Alpha challenge right away and be done with it, but he also couldn't rush it as a few more things needed to fall in place.  
　　The situation in the Red Moon pack seemed as usual, but those who paid attention could sense changes in the air that were announcing big changes to come.
　　While Cornelia was in the shower, James was in the study of the packhouse with his father.
　　"You are aware of the upcoming Luna ceremony in the Blue River pack", Alpha Edward said.
　　James confirmed. "Do you have instructions for me while you are away for that function?"
　　"You are coming with me."
　　James paused. So far, Alpha Edward didn't mention that James needed to come, so he assumed that only Alpha and Luna will go. Normally, Marcy would accompany them as well (or maybe go as Damon's future Luna), but things didn't turn that way. 
　　Marcy aside, James would often skip these external functions. He was aware that taking Cornelia with him would be dangerous, and he didn't want to leave her behind. Minutes without her were torturous, yet now his father was asking him to attend an event that will last a few days.
　　James took a moment to calm down his restless wolf before asking calmly, "Is my presence there necessary?"
　　"Yes.", Alpha Edward said with finality.
　　James had to try. "It's just a party. Wouldn't I be better off staying to train? What if something happens in the pack? Rogues will know that you are away."
　　"If something happens, my Beta will handle it.", Alpha Edward said. "You are not a child, and you need to show your face or people will forget I have an heir."
　　James was not willing, but if he resisted, it will be against his persona of an obedient son. He needed a plan, but he didn't have time to come up with one, so the only thing he could do was to agree. "I understand. Anything else?"
　　"Yes. I want you to study these."
　　James frowned when he opened the folder his father gave him. It had three sheets of paper, each with information on a young woman with photos attached.
　　"What is this?"
　　"If you are going to philander, you might as well pick from these.", Alpha Edward said.
　　James couldn't believe this. His father was always talking about how Alphas need to show their proves on the battlefield and in the bedroom, but he never gave him files like this in advance.
　　James looked up to see Alpha Edward smirking at him.
　　"Do you think I don't know you are spending nights outside the packhouse?"
###Chapter 721 Changes in the air (2)
Chapter 721 Changes in the air (2)
　　James swallowed hard. He thought that he was careful, but it seemed that he underestimated how much his father was keeping an eye on him.
　　James' heart was beating wildly. Was Cornelia in danger? He needed to confirm she was safe.
　　Damn it! He was thinking that he had months, yet only after a few days, his father found out about Cornelia!
　　Did she return from the Dark Howlers pack? Probably. Can he send her a message to run?
　　James jolted when Alpha Edward patted his shoulder. He was so out of it that he didn't notice the old guy approaching him.
　　"Remember that your position is not allowing you to get attached to a nobody. Fun is fine, but she can't be your Luna unless she has a good background. Understood?"
　　James relaxed a bit when he realized that his father only knew how James was sleeping elsewhere, without knowing about Cornelia.
　　"And one more thing...", Alpha Edward said. "There is no need for you to hide in George's house. You are the future Alpha and this whole pack is your playground. Feel free to bring any woman to the packhouse and kick her out when you are done."
　　An angry growl bubbled in James' chest. Did his father suggest that James should sleep with random women? The idea of him touching any woman other than his chocolate-colored Goddess was making his wolf feral, but James couldn't allow his father to see that so he quickly lowered his head.
　　Alpha Edward burst into laughter.
　　"Are you shy now, son? Don't be. It's normal for Alphas to explore women. To be honest, I was suspecting that something was wrong with your appetite, but I see that things are how they should be since you returned from the Dark Howlers pack. It seems that Alpha Damon was a good influence in that area."
　　James really didn't want to talk about it. Was it possible that his father forgot that Damon found his Luna? Or did he think that Damon was sleeping around despite Talia's presence?
　　"Is that all?", James asked.
　　"Yes, you may go. We are leaving tomorrow morning. Pack for three days. Other than attending a party, I expect you to wipe the floor with warriors from the Blue River pack. Now that Marcy is gone, you are the only one I have. Make me proud, son."
　　James stood up, but then he paused to ask, "Who all is going?"
　　"The two of us, your mother, and Nora."
　　For a brief moment, James was tempted to ask if he could bring Cornelia with him. He could say that he wants an Omega of his choice to accompany him, and they wouldn't come out of James' room. That would be fantastic! But that would work only if his father was not there. No matter what, he couldn't risk Cornelia catching Alpha Edward's eye.
　　Was it a mistake to bring her to the Red Moon pack? No, no… they were mated, and his wolf was going crazy in need to be with Cornelia. If they were apart, James would lose his mind. Literally.
　　James didn't realize that he was running to George's villa while clutching the folder his father gave him.
　　He ran up the stairs and into the room where he shared nights with Cornelia. His steps didn't falter as he went with urgency toward the bathroom from where he could hear water running, and he managed to discard his clothes without stopping.
　　"AHH!", Cornelia shrieked when James hugged her from behind.
　　She was naked in the shower, with soap in her eyes, and she didn't hear him enter the bathroom.
　　"I missed you", James spoke against Cornelia's neck, and then he kissed the mark that was there. The mark that signified their bond, and that she was his. 
　　Cornelia's gasped at the electric sensation that fired up her nerve endings and her knees gave in. She was glad that James was holding her, or she would plop on the tiled floor of the shower enclosure.
　　Cornelia lifted her head up so that the water falls on her face and then she blinked the sting from her eyes.
　　She turned to look at James with a smile that faltered when she noticed that his expression was not good.
　　"What happened, Jay?", she asked with concern obvious in her voice.
　　James didn't want to talk about it. Not now. He didn't want to talk or think about anything outside that shower enclosure.
　　He cupped her cheeks with his palms and kissed her hungrily, stealing her breath in the process.
　　Cornelia could feel his desperation and she clung to him while responding to his kisses, knowing that once he releases his steam, he will talk about it. And she was glad that he found solace in her. Mates should balance each other, that's how it should be.
　　James grabbed her buttocks and started lifting her up. She thought that he will take her right there in the shower, and she was ready to wrap her legs around his waist, but he kept on lifting her higher and higher with ease, like she weighed nothing.
　　Cornelia would admire his strength if not for the lack of something to hold onto. She nervously gripped his shoulders and then fisted his hair, steadying herself on the rod that was holding the shower curtain when he lifted her high enough for her thighs to rest on his shoulders with his face right between them.
　　Cornelia looked down to see him staring at her intimate bush right at the moment when a low growl escaped his lips.
　　Cornelia's back hit the wall and her palm pressed on the ceiling a moment before James buried his face into her, and his tongue started caressing her clit.
　　"Oh, Gods!", she exclaimed. She saw it coming, but she was not prepared for the sensational overload which came with every flick of his tongue.
　　He lapped at her hungrily, growling and mumbling something she couldn't understand, and her legs shook uncontrollably.
　　Cornelia hoped that he won't let go because her body was not in her control anymore. She was at his mercy. 
　　"Jay… Jay… James…", she chanted wantonly, her every cry was higher in pitch and then her body tensed as the whole bathroom was spinning.
　　Only when she bent over him weakly did he stop sucking on her clit. 
　　James lowered her slowly, making her feel his firm body against her soft one, and he stopped the moment his erection prodded at her entrance that was throbbing numbly from her orgasm.
　　He pinned her against the wall and grabbed her thighs to create that perfect angle for him to penetrate her soft heat which welcomed him.
　　Cornelia couldn't react to the sensational overload. James was too intense, too needy, greedily touching, caressing, pinching, licking, sucking, and kissing her everywhere without pausing the movements of his hips, and she gasped and moaned as he stretched her insides.
　　Cornelia feared that she will pass out right there with him inside her. Can one die from too much erogenous stimulation?
　　"I love you, Cora… I love you…", he murmured with every thrust, hoping that she will believe him and that she won't abandon him no matter what the future brings.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 722 Changes in the air (3)
Chapter 722 Changes in the air (3)
　　Cornelia leaned on James limply as they stood under the shower and he washed her in slow deliberate movements without a word spoken.
　　He enjoyed her every shiver and sigh as his fingers traced her perfect curves. She was hard and soft in all the right places, absolutely perfect, for him.
　　He really wanted to touch her more and hear her ecstatic cries again, but he feared that it would be too much, so he held back. It was hard.  
　　When he was satisfied with washing her, James wrapped Cornelia in a towel and carried her to bed.  
　　They laid to face each other, James completely naked and Cornelia wrapped in a towel.  
　　"Will you tell me what's going on?" Cornelia was the first one to speak. He would normally be tense when he came to her in the evening, but this was more than usual.
　　James puffed his cheeks. "My father wants me to go to the Luna ceremony in the Blue River pack."
　　"And?"
　　"We will leave tomorrow morning and stay there for three days."
　　"And?"
　　"I can't take you. It won't be safe."
　　"And?"
　　"How do you know there is more?", he asked.
　　"Because you are still not looking me in the eyes, Jay."
　　James smiled helplessly. Cornelia was not easy to deceive, and it was not like he wanted to lie to her, but he didn't want to tell her unpleasant things either. However, now she was onto him, so he had to say something. "My father has… expectations." His eyes darted toward the folder that was crumpled on the floor.
　　Cornelia waved her finger, and a stream of silver light flew from there to disappear into the folder. A moment later, the folder rose in the air and drifted to Cornelia's hand.
　　Cornelia frowned at the contents of the folder and James shrunk while waiting for her reaction. And there it was, gritting of teeth before she said, "Your father wants you to fuck these women?"
　　James cringed at Cornelia's harsh choice of words which told him she was upset, and he couldn't blame her.
　　"I have no intention of touching any of them. I'm only telling you that he has expectations and instead of being here with you, where I belong, for the next three days I will need to be his perfect heir, pretend that I'm entertained by those women while avoiding them, and play stupid how I don't see they want to manipulate me."
　　Cornelia felt guilty for her temper flaring. Before they came here, James was honest about his position and his family, and she knew what she was getting herself into.
　　Neither of them wanted to hide their relationship, but even if they could find a way around Alpha Edward, with the Guardians watching, it was dangerous to reveal Cornelia's presence. That's why she spent her days in the Dark Howlers pack when James was unable to be with her.  
　　She understood that James was in a difficult situation. This was their first challenge as a couple since they came here and she had no intention of letting him face it on his own.
　　"So…", Cornelia drawled while keeping the folder on the side. She turned to James and pushed his shoulder so that he lays on his back. "The issue here is that you will go to the Blue River pack, and you can't take me. Right?"
　　James confirmed. "Right." His eyes widened at the sight of Cornelia opening up the towel. He loved the sight of her skin. She looked edible and he really wanted to lick and suck and bite her all over.
　　Cornelia smiled at the sight of his hungry gaze. She leaned on him and started drawing invisible patterns on his chest with her index finger while talking, "What will you do if I'm there?"
　　James' excitement dwindled when he realized that he can't put her in such a situation. "But my father…"
　　"Let's not think about him", Cornelia interrupted him. "Imagine that tomorrow you reach there, and I'm there as well. What will you do?"
　　James found it difficult to focus because the sparks of their bonds prickled his skin wherever they touched which was a lot of surface at this point. "Uhm… I would not leave you out of my sight or hands. No sneaking."
　　Cornelia looked at him for a few long moments before asking. "What makes those three special?"
　　"They are not special", James said quickly. "You are better than those. You are the best."
　　"But your father chose them for a reason. What is it?"
　　James needed a moment. That finger moving over his pecks was super-distracting and his blood pooled in his crotch area to feed his raging hard-on.
　　"Those are daughters of high-ranking members. Not Alphas' daughters because my father thinks that it's early for me to associate myself with those. Two are daughters of Betas and one is a daughter of a general. The point is that they have status and can bring him benefits..." James' voice trailed as he finally understood where Cornelia was going with this. "You want to meet up with me there."
　　Cornelia was planning more than just a meet-up. She wanted to be with James right under Alpha Edward's nose because no one, NO ONE gets to set up her mate with another woman.  
　　"Let me take care of this", Cornelia said while getting on top of James to straddle him. Her hips moved and his hot and hard shaft fit perfectly between her wet folds. 
　　James was incredibly turned on by Cornelia's possessiveness that radiated from her naked form.
　　"What are you going to do?", James asked.
　　"You will see", Cornelia responded mysteriously.
　　He would tell her that going there was a crazy idea, but the thing was that other than a handful of people who were living and working in George's villa, no one else from the Red Moon pack was aware of Cornelia's existence. She could show up, shoot up some magic, and say that she was a messenger from the Moon Goddess, and no one would suspect a thing.
　　Cornelia was telling him how she will call Talia and there were more words after that, but James' mind was buzzing because Cornelia lifted herself and held his shaft in place while lowering herself on him.
　　His insides shook at the sight of Cornelia who threw her head backward to enjoy the sensation of him filling her up and when he was about halfway in, her jaw fell open slack.  
　　They spent two weeks in the Midnight Guardians pack while healers dealt with the Guardian who intruded and then two more days in the Dark Howlers pack, and they made love many-many times, yet this was the first time for Cornelia to take initiative.
　　The scene of her sitting on top of him was arousing beyond belief and it was all amplified by the addictive sparks that danced over his cock as she enveloped him in her hot heat.
　　Her palms landed on his pecs and her hips started rocking against him.
　　"Is… is this OK?", she asked breathily.
　　"Perfect", he responded with a growl and his hands traveled from her perky breasts to her hips, unsure where to caress more because every inch of her flesh was inviting.
　　James lifted himself into a seated position and their bodies moved in sync, kissing and nibbling and fondling, and James thanked the Moon Goddess for giving him such a fantastic mate.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 723 The first morning at the Blue River pack (1)
Chapter 723 The first morning at the Blue River pack (1)
　　~ the Blue River pack ~
　　Talia smiled before opening her eyes. She knew that the warm body next to her was Damon's, and his addictive scent of the forest and dark chocolate was all around her. It was her favorite way to wake up regardless of the nonfamiliar surroundings like a guest bedroom in the packhouse of the Blue River pack.
　　"Good morning, kitten", Damon greeted her, and she could hear that he was smiling.
　　"Good morning", she responded and rubbed her cheeks on his chest.
　　Damon chuckled and pushed her hair to the side, to reveal the left side of her neck. His eyes flashed in approval. His mark was still there.
　　Ever since their double-marking in the Midnight Guardians pack, his mark was visible on Talia's neck as proof that she was his. After several markings that faded rather quickly, this one was still visible and going strong.
　　To Damon, it looked like two wolves overlapping and howling at the moon, but Talia said that there was only one wolf, a forest, a moon, and stars. They couldn't agree on what it looked like, but they agreed that the mark was there, and it was nearly identical to Talia's mark on Damon's neck.
　　"Enjoying the sight of your handiwork?", Talia asked, knowing very well where Damon was looking. He would do that every morning, and a few times during the day.
　　"I enjoy that you are mine, kitten."
　　"I am yours even without the mark."
　　Damon knew that, but… "This is for everyone to see that you are taken. Mine." He leaned to kiss his mark and a shaky sigh escaped her lips. It was such a sensitive spot.
　　"Mrs. Blake", Damon called in a husky voice. "If you keep clinging onto me like that, we won't get out of this bed."
　　Talia looked at him with a pout. Why did he make it sound like it was her fault? He started it! And that thing poking her belly was definitely his erection!
　　Before she could retort, Talia's eye lost focus for a moment, and then she said, "Kai and Meg arrived. Omegas are showing them to their room."
　　"Good", Damon was pleased. "With them here, Meg can handle Cornelia when she arrives."
　　Cornelia called them around midnight, asking for a room and to be considered as part of Talia's group. They had no idea what Cornelia was up to, but they knew that Cornelia only needed coordinates because she will teleport into her room, and they both hoped that she won't cause a commotion and expose the existence of witches.
　　Damon and Talia arrived on the previous day, before any other guests.
　　The event will officially last for two days, with the first day being Tatiana's Luna ceremony, and the party will extend to the next day. Close friends and family could stay longer, but others will be expected to leave during or after the second day.
　　Damon's and Talia's intention was to attend Tanya's Luna ceremony as representatives of two separate packs. Considering the latest developments with the Guardians, the duo decided to postpone announcing publicly that Damon's Luna and Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack were the same person.
　　For that purpose, Maddox arranged for their rooms to be in a separate wing, where Tony, Kalina, and the other Wilkow sisters will be, so outsiders from other packs won't know that Damon and Talia were sharing a room.  
　　Damon will be officially attending Tanya's Luna ceremony with Maya, Caden, Keith, Pierce, Caleb, and Lulu. They all got rooms in the same area.
　　Four Talia's guards were present as part of the group from the Dark Howlers pack, but they will be keeping an eye on Talia.
　　Two out of six Talia's guards were absent. Liam stayed in the Dark Howlers pack with his newly-mated witch Amelia. Sandy was in the Midnight Guardians pack with Tyler, adjusting to her powers and learning about being a Gamma.
　　Mindy and Gideon were also present, but they are attending independently of Talia and Damon. They are part of Alpha's family and staying on the third floor of the packhouse in Mindy's old room, because Mindy is THE sister, and Gideon is the brother-in-law.
　　Talia was set to attend Tanya's Luna ceremony as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack with her Betas, Meg and Kai. And since last night, Cornelia will join that mysterious lineup.
　　Yasmin wanted to attend the ceremony as well, but Axel asked her to take it easy because of the pregnancy.
　　Now that they were aware of the Guardians lurking from the shadows, Axel didn't want to take risks.
　　After Talia ventured into Vincent's memories, Vincent was in a coma-like state for eleven days. When he came around, he was disoriented and unsure about where he was. They kept monitoring his condition, but he didn't seem to be lying and healers didn't pick up anything abnormal other than him bursting into crying spells several times a day.
　　They used this opportunity to gather blood and tissue samples, confirming that Vincent was not a werewolf, a human, or a witch. What was he? No one knew exactly, but he was stronger and faster than his physique would show, his nails were tough as diamonds, yet he didn't possess healing abilities more than a human would have. His body showed resistance to chants and spiritual energies, but his wounds closed quickly without scarring after they applied the medicinal paste made of herbs.
　　Liseli wanted to do more tests and to get into his mind again, but Talia didn't want to make a guinea pig out of him or worse... to kill him. Vincent was so damaged from the first attempt, and Talia feared that if they do it again, the guy will be completely useless.
　　Before they let Vincent go, Cornelia and Yasmin cast a tracking spell on him with the hope that he will lead them to the base of the Guardians.
　　Axel and the witches staying in the Midnight Guardians pack had a task to follow Vincent's location, and as of now, Vincent was still on the move.
　　Ex-Alphas, Sophia and Isaac, were questioned about their connections to the Guardians, but they were either not aware that they communicated with a Guardian in disguise, or they were good liars. They seemed genuinely distressed about the possibility of outsiders coming in without being noticed. 
　　The security around Sophia and Isaac increased and now their every interaction was recorded.
　　James regretted that they didn't let Vincent talk to the ex-Alphas while they monitored them secretly, but by the time he came up with that idea, it was already too late because Vincent was comatose, and the ex-Alphas were alerted that an outsider was trying to approach them.
　　Damon's and Talia's weeks in the Midnight Guardians pack passed quickly, and they needed to return to the human realm. The vacation (if it can be called as such) was over.
　　Damon and Talia did as much as they could to prepare for attending this event at the Blue River pack. They were aware of dangers, or at least some of them, but Talia refused to hide. This was a territory of their allies, and it was a perfect place to lure her enemies to show their faces. She hoped that she was not biting down more than she could chew and that her presence here won't put her loved ones in danger.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 724 The first morning at the Blue River pack (2) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 724 The first morning at the Blue River pack (2) [Bonus chapter]
　　Damon hugged Talia tightly and inhaled her sweet citrusy scent of freesia that made him lightheaded. There was a time when he thought how he might get bored of that scent, or immune to it, but now he knew he was ignorant because the more he inhaled it, the more he craved Talia's proximity.
　　That's how the mate bond works, it interlinks their souls and destinies until they can't live without each other, and Damon couldn't imagine his life without Talia. If anything happened to her, he would go mad.
　　They went through a lot together, filling a lifetime of anxiety, yet all those moments put together, good and bad, were just a fraction of his need for Talia.
　　More than once, Damon wondered what he would do if they could start again. He would be wiser, and more decisive, and pay attention to Cassie, Marcy, and whatever-their-name-was so that he could chase them away before they cause any harm. Unfortunately, there was no such thing as do-overs and he needed to own his mistakes and stay in the present.
　　Damon was not the one to brood over the unpleasant past, but when it came to Talia, he was all kinds of different.
　　Now they were in the Blue River pack and Damon was on the edge as if dangers were closing in from all directions... invisible blades were pointing at Talia, ready to pierce her and take her away. He became paranoid. But it was not just paranoia because Alpha Edward was coming and at tonight's Luna ceremony, many other power-hungry werewolves will have their eyes on Talia, and Guardians were watching, and… will he be able to protect her?
　　"It will be alright", Talia said, and Damon realized that he allowed his anxiety to seep through their mate bond.
　　"Promise me kitten…", Damon breathed. "Promise you will be safe. Don't do anything reckless."
　　"I promise", she said right away.
　　Damon looked at her with a small frown of scrutiny. He didn't believe her. It was too easy. Talia never went against him, but she would find gaps to slip through and find herself in the middle of a dangerous situation.
　　He realized that it all depended on the definition of what that reckless was, so he decided to formulate it clearly without imposing too many restrictions.
　　"Promise that you won't use your abilities", Damon said, obviously satisfied with this solution.
　　"My abilities?"
　　He confirmed. "No matter what happens, I don't want you to use your abilities. Promise."
　　"What if rogues attack?"
　　"I don't give a rat's ass about anyone else. Your safety comes first. I want you to think before you act. We are in the middle of the Blue River pack, and that's Maddox's pack. Do you believe that enemies can waltz in here and cause a commotion?"
　　"What are you saying?"
　　"I am saying that if anything out of place happens, it's probably a ploy to test you. You are here as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Other Alphas will show respect when facing you, but what they actually feel is envy and greed. You are the youngest Alpha right now, and your position is proof that you have abilities. For regular werewolves, the mystical qualities of your pack are rumors, however, Alphas know that members of the Midnight Guardians pack have abilities. They will want to find out what your abilities are. Don't fall for it."
　　"What if they want to harm me?"
　　"They won't", Damon said with confidence. "You are a precious Alpha female. They will try to test you, manipulate you, charm you, befriend you, use you for their benefit, but no one will be stupid enough to harm you."
　　Talia lowered her head and instinctively reached to touch the necklace that was around her neck, the only thing she had from her mother. It was silly because she never met her parents, but that necklace was proof they existed, that they were special, and that they cared for her, and Talia hoped that some of their love and wisdom was left in that necklace for her to use.
　　She knew that Alphas were power-hungry and most of them were ruthless, but the idea of being surrounded by enemies who wanted to do with her who-knows-what was unsettling.
　　Damon cupped her cheeks with his palms. "Kitten, I need you to trust me on this one. I am here. Your guards and your Betas are here. Let us handle the mess and don't expose your cards."
　　"You are talking like you know that something bad is coming."
　　Damon shrugged. "It's you, kitten. You are a magnet for trouble."
　　Talia frowned. "Does that mean if anything bad happens, it will be because of me?"
　　"I would never say that."
　　She exhaled and looked at him guiltily. "I know. I'm sorry. I guess I'm tense and…" She stopped talking when Damon's lips covered hers.
　　"Let me help you relieve some of that tension", he spoke against her lips and then he kissed her again before slipping lower.
　　He didn't forget to kiss his mark on her neck and lick it thoroughly until she moaned, and the scent of her arousal filled the room. Next, he peppered kisses on her collarbones, breasts, and abdomen, and then he buried his face between her legs.
　　Talia struggled to breathe as Damon knew exactly where to run his tongue, how fast, and with how much pressure to make her forget everything outside the confinement of that bed.
　　…
　　Damon and Talia entered the dining room for breakfast to see that Cornelia was already there, chatting with Maya, Caden, Mindy, Gideon, Meg, and Kai.
　　The moment Cornelia spotted Talia, she gestured that they need to talk, and Talia mouthed, 'after breakfast', to which Cornelia nodded in agreement.
　　Maddox's Beta Oliver was also in the dining room, sitting at the second table with Talia's guards, Keith, Caleb, Pierce, and Lulu, and two more females. Talia needed a moment to recognize them as Ivy and Lily, sisters from the Lightclaw pack that were now working as Kalina's assistants. With Kalina being the Luna of the Lightclaw pack, her assistants were treated as high-ranking pack members.
　　Before Damon and Talia could ask about the whereabouts of their hosts, Beta Oliver explained, "Luna Tatiana's and Luna Kalina's sisters arrived, so Alpha Maddox, Luna Tatiana, Alpha Antony, and Luna Kalina went to welcome them and show them to their rooms. They will all join us shortly. Please, help yourself." He gestured toward the food.
　　Talia was not used to this formal way of talking where titles and full names were used, but she understood that Oliver did it because there were guests present. Using titles was a sign of respect.
　　Last night, Kalina was super-excited that her sisters will come. She said that it was a long time since all five of them gathered, and their parents will come later that day as well.
　　Kalina's party at the Lightclaw pack was to announce that Alpha Anthony found his mate (and his future Luna), so Kalina's family didn't come. However, Tanya's ceremony is the real thing, she will become the Luna of the Blue River pack officially, it was a big deal.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 725 Malia strikes again! (P&D)
Chapter 725 Malia strikes again! (P&D)
　　Damon was quick to pull a chair for Talia and to start piling food on her plate as soon as she took her seat. She smiled helplessly at her Alpha, knowing that this was his impulse to provide for his mate.
　　Talia was aware that it meant a lot to Damon to feed her, and she didn't have the heart to remind him that he can't do that for lunch or dinner because other people will be watching, and his doting behavior will be a giveaway that they were mates.
　　Per Damon's request, Damon and Talia were assigned to sit at the same table during the upcoming ceremonies and Talia considered making changes to those arrangements. She quickly dismissed that idea because Damon will blow a fuse if any man comes to talk to her.
　　Talia wondered if it would be better if she came here as Damon's Luna, and for Alpha Natalia Moonrider to reject the invitation. But then… they wanted to test the waters and see how people will treat Talia before they discover that the largest pack in North America just got larger because Damon's mate is an Alpha with a pack.
　　Damon suggested that they keep their secret until James' birthday when the two of them would make the grand reveal right in Alpha Edward's packhouse. Talia was not sure how Alpha Edward would react, but she would love to record it and replay it for many years to come. She was confident that it will be epic.
　　At the thought of Alpha Edward's reactions, Talia glanced at Cornelia and wondered, what was the witch up to? Wasn't she aware that James will arrive in a few hours? Will they pretend not to know each other? As a witch, Cornelia didn't feel the pull of the bond like werewolves, but James will go crazy in need to be close to her, to touch her, to feed her… and Alpha Edward will be right there. Oh, and there was the point that James will go berserk if any guy dares to get close to Cornelia. Even if no one notices that mark on Cornelia's neck, they will notice James' strange behavior. This can easily turn into a disaster.
　　Talia jolted when Damon squeezed her knee under the table.
　　"Eyes on me, kitten", he growled lowly.
　　Talia couldn't believe it. She was looking at Cornelia, for crying out loud!
　　Damon was always possessive and jealous, but since their double-marking at the Midnight Guardians pack, he became unreasonable.
　　Now that she thought about it, Talia realized that she didn't have the capacity of worrying about James and Cornelia because she was sitting next to a man who was a walking calamity.
　　Talia was here as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and she will definitely end up talking to Alphas and high-ranking members of other packs while Damon… Damon will probably flip this place and ruin the party.
　　Talia glanced at the second table where Keith was with Pierce, Caleb, and Lulu. Her four guards were chatting in a good mood with Beta Oliver, Ivy, and Lily, and stuffing their mouths with food. Luckily, they were all werewolves (except for Cornelia), so no one thought of them like they were starving for a week before coming here.
　　Talia was happy to see Keith in good spirits. Their visit to other realms didn't start well, but after Keith got a task to interrogate Sophia and Isaac, he spent most of the time training warriors of the Midnight Guardians pack, and at two casual parties they had there, Keith volunteered to be the bartender where he introduced members of the Midnight Guardians pack to the art of mixology (how he called it).  
　　Damon had his doubts about bringing Lulu along because she didn't take the blood oath, but Keith assured them that Lulu was loyal. On top of that, Talia said how the blood oath was not a requirement for one to be her guard, so Damon didn't have reasons to leave Lulu behind.
　　Talia didn't give importance to the blood oath, but considering that Lulu was the only one who missed that ceremony and that Damon was grumbling whenever Lulu was mentioned, Talia started feeling uncomfortable around Lulu as well.
　　Talia dismissed unpleasant thoughts. It was a matter of trust and she trusted that Lulu didn't have bad intentions. Why Lulu avoided the blood oath? That was Lulu's business and Talia didn't want to force it. Besides, it's not like Talia and Lulu will be on their own in the middle of an enemy territory where Talia's life will depend on Lulu, so it was fine to bring Lulu along. At least that's what Talia hoped.
　　An excited chatter of female voices was becoming louder from the hallway, signifying that the Wilkow sisters were coming.
　　Talia knew that Kalina had four sisters, and they were all close in age.
　　Tatiana was the oldest one, twenty-four years old. Next were Lidia, Daria, Varya, and Kalina was the youngest, currently twenty years old. With the pregnancy of werewolves lasting about five months, the mother of the Wilkow sisters was able to give birth to five daughters in four years and to have a breather between pregnancies.
　　Talia turned in time to see that Tatiana entered the dining room with four brunettes surrounding her. Kalina was there, and Talia only needed to figure out which ones were Daria, Lidia, and Varya.
　　Maddox and Tony were walking a few steps behind the females that talked enthusiastically at the same time.
　　Just as everyone was in the dining room, everything abruptly stopped.
　　Somehow, all eyes were directed at the female who was wearing a white t-shirt and jeans. Her long brown hair cascaded over her shoulders as her dark eyes looked intently at the table where Beta Oliver was with Ivy, Lily, and Talia's guards.
　　Talia inhaled sharply and turned toward that table to see Pierce standing up while looking at the brunette like he had never seen a woman in his life. The scene was quite comical because his cheeks were full of whatever food he had in there, and he had smidges of cream cheese around his mouth.
　　The room was so quiet and the only thing making noise were Pierce's running shoes as he walked toward the female who became his whole world in an instant.
　　Tanya and Kalina stepped to the side to open the path and the other two Wilkow sisters did the same.
　　Kalina bit her lip so that she doesn't squeal from excitement. That was her middle sister, Daria. And she found her mate!
　　Kalina looked at Talia with stars in her eyes. Her belief that Talia had mate-matching abilities was reinforced again!
　　Maya and Meg exchanged knowing glances. Malia strikes again!
　　Pierce stopped moving only when he was so close that their bodies nearly touched, and he looked down into Daria's dark eyes that gazed expectantly into his baby blues.
　　He took a deep breath, wondering if she was smelling of freshly baked buttery pastries, or if that was the food he just ate (and he still had some in his mouth).
　　Now that they stood next to each other, with Pierce standing a full head taller compared to Daria, everyone noticed that they had matching clothes; white short-sleeved t-shirts, jeans, and light gray running shoes.
　　---
　　Note: you can find picture of Pierce and Daria in the comments
###Chapter 726 Deal for Talia's special advisor
Chapter 726 Deal for Talia's special advisor
　　"I'm Daria", she squeaked, sounding more like a five years-old girl than a grown female. She quickly cleared her throat and repeated, "Daria. Daria Wilkow." This time, her voice was normal.
　　Pierce smiled at the silly woman who was a nervous wreck. Didn't she know how perfect she was? He swallowed food from his mouth before saying, "Pierce."
　　Pierce licked his lips slowly, somehow managing to smear the cream cheese further, and then he asked Daria, "Are you hungry?"
　　He tilted his head toward the table with food, hoping that she will say she was horny and not hungry, and they can get down to the important parts of mating and marking.
　　"Yeah. I am…", Daria breathed and got on her toes at the same time her arms snaked around his neck to pull him down.
　　Pierce thought that his gorgeous mate will kiss him, but she ended up licking him around his lips. It would be gross, but she smelled of fresh pastries and wherever she touched him was electric.
　　Daria licked Pierce's face clean from cream cheese and crumbs, and then she smacked her lips. "I had enough food. Unless you have something more important to do, I want you. Now."
　　Pierce swallowed hard while wondering if he should pinch himself to make sure he was not dreaming. He heard stories about how mates were made for each other, and now he confirmed it was true because just as he was horny, his mate wanted him as well. Things didn't get better than that!
　　He was sure that his jeans will explode how much his erection was stretching them. Damn, she was hot!
　　No one said a word when Daria grabbed Pierce's t-shirt, right in the middle of his chest area, and walked out of the dining room with Pierce following obediently.
　　"Hahaha! Mama and Papa will go crazy when they hear about Ria!", Kalina laughed loudly while clapping, pulling everyone out of their stupor, and then she turned to Talia. "Lia, that's your guard. Is he a good man?"
　　Talia nodded with a big smile on her face. "He is."  
　　Tatiana bobbed her head happily. "I guess we can cancel her return flight to Germany." Tatiana was elated that another of her sisters will stay nearby.
　　Tatiana was in the final stages of moving her "Dama T" fashion business. Maddox secured her a fantastic office space that was in a human city, close to the territory of the Blue River pack. He got her a whole building that included private offices, shared and collaborative areas, storage spaces for fabrics and garments, and even a store that looked like a series of VIP lounges where customers can see catalogs and have private shows of the latest collections. The whole building featured high-tech cabling and security, and every room had controlled temperature and humidity.
　　Tatiana was impressed. Her mate thought of everything. Once the move of "Dama T" completes, Tatiana won't have a reason to go to Europe, so she was very happy that one more of her sisters will stay in the continental US.
　　"Talia, you are awesome!" Maya exclaimed.
　　"Oh, yes.", Mindy was quick to join. "We need to document this and use it to feature our mate-matching business."
　　"Don't make decisions related to my Alpha without involving me", Meg protested.
　　Talia wanted to tell them to stop that nonsense because she had nothing to do with Pierce and Daria being mates, but she didn't want to argue with them. It was useless anyway.  
　　With the latest news being Daria and Pierce being mates, Tatiana introduced her newly-arrived sisters.
　　"These are Lidia and Varya", she said, and then she called out the names of everyone who was in the dining room before they continued eating.
　　…
　　After breakfast, Cornelia went to the study with Damon and Talia.
　　Cornelia wanted to talk only to Talia, but Damon insisted on tagging along, so here they were.
　　"I told you that I want to be treated as a member of your party", Cornelia said.
　　Talia had to voice her concerns. "You are aware that James and Alpha Edward will be here."
　　Cornelia made a face. "Yes, I am. The old bastard is setting up my mate with some sluts."
　　Talia's heart was beating wildly as she realized that Cornelia was about to do something reckless. She was aware of Cornelia's situation and if that was her and Damon, Talia would burn everything. However, that would be an emotionally driven action, and not a wise one.
　　She had to ask, "What will you do?"
　　"I will prevent that from happening.", Cornelia said with confidence.
　　"How?"
　　"To be honest…" Cornelia paused. "I'm not sure." Was choking Alpha Edward to death an option?
　　"Don't be impulsive", Damon said.
　　Cornelia snapped to look at him. "Would you be able to sit and watch as other men are swarming your mate?" Seeing Damon's expression darkening, Cornelia smirked. "I thought so. If you don't plan to help, then let me deal with my problem."
　　"We want to help, we really do", Talia was quick to say. "But we can't create a commotion at an event that will be full of Alphas and high-ranking members."
　　"If things go as planned, there won't be any commotion", Cornelia said.
　　Talia's face lit up. "So, you have a plan!"
　　"I have almost a plan", Cornelia admitted. "How things turn out will depend on Alpha Edward and how persistent those women are to get their hands on James. However, no matter what happens, I need to attend the event as someone important, important enough that I can interfere."
　　"A member of my party is not important", Talia said sourly. If it was a Beta or someone high-ranking, it would be different, but how can Cornelia impersonate a high-ranking she-wolf when it was obvious that she didn't have a wolf?
　　Cornelia knew that it was a long shot filled with dangers and uncertainties, but how could she stay on the side when James was facing an evening where other women will try to get their hands on him?
　　Cornelia knew enough about Alpha Edward to be able to predict two likely outcomes. One was that Alpha Edward successfully pressures James into being close to another woman. Even if James doesn't get touchy-feely with that woman, just him being friendly with a female who was flirty would break Cornelia's heart, and then Cornelia will break something... or someone. The second possible outcome was for James to resist his father, which will make Alpha Edward punish him. Again, it was not a scenario Cornelia would approve of.
　　'What do you think?', Talia asked Damon through their mind-link.
　　'I don't like it', Damon responded honestly. 'Cornelia is a loose cannon, unfamiliar with werewolves and our ways. Considering that Alpha Edward has plans with James that include other women, Cornelia will explode.'
　　That was exactly what Talia was thinking, but how can she deny helping Cornelia when it was a matter of mates? If Damon was in trouble and her friends refused to help, Talia would be devastated.
　　'You want to help her', Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head.
　　'Of course, I do', Talia confirmed. 'If that old guy is scheming against fated mates, I will help her get rid of him and hide the evidence.' Those were Talia's honest sentiments, but as an Alpha responsible for a pack, she also knew that she needed to exercise caution. Going wild based on emotions was not a good thing.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 727 Talia's special advisor
Chapter 727 Talia's special advisor
　　"Introduce me as your special advisor", Cornelia demanded from Talia. "Considering the mystery surrounding the Midnight Guardians pack, no one will dare to question it."
　　Talia didn't see a problem with introducing Cornelia as an advisor, or as anything else Cornelia wanted. After all, other than Yasmin, Cornelia was the second witch that provided assistance without demanding some kind of a deal for the smallest things. In addition to that, Cornelia was mated to James, a teenage genius, and doing a favor to Cornelia will definitely help them keep James as their ally.
　　However, Talia was concerned about Cornelia's safety. If Cornelia gets compromised and people realize her special background, Cornelia will get a big invisible target on her back. It will also cause a cascading effect where everyone close to Cornelia will be put under scrutiny. Talia already had so many problems on her hands that she didn't want to add more.
　　But even with weighing all that, Talia couldn't just refuse Cornelia.
　　Talia needed a few moments to come up with something.
　　"Cornelia", Talia called. "Promise that no matter what happens, you won't reveal your identity as a witch."
　　Cornelia was quick to agree. "No one will find out." And live to tell about it. She kept this second part to herself.
　　Seeing that Talia was reluctant, Cornelia decided to give her another push. "Do you want us to make a deal?"
　　Talia refused. "That won't be necessary. I consider you as my friend and friends help each other when they can."  
　　Cornelia was surprised that Talia called her a friend, but the witch didn't care about that mushy stuff. Her mate was pressured to go against their bond or suffer consequences, and Cornelia had no intention of giving up here.
　　"Talia", Cornelia spoke solemnly. "My mate is facing a tough situation. Without my involvement, he will end up harmed, no matter what he does. I need to help him. I need to try. Please…" Cornelia didn't say more, but Talia didn't need to hear anything else.
　　"I understand. Feel free to use identity as my special advisor. But promise me one thing."
　　"Another promise?", Cornelia asked suspiciously.
　　"If you are over your head, tell me. Damon and I will help you. And it's not just the two of us. Our friends also believe in the mate bond, and no one approves of Alpha Edward's methods. Don't think that turning Alpha Edward into a frog will solve anything. He is still alive because he is crafty and dangerous, and his disappearance will have unimaginable consequences." This was the reason why George still didn't issue an Alpha challenge to Alpha Edward. George was ensuring that the society of werewolves won't blow into shit after he defeats Alpha Edward. The old guy had many spies with orders to eliminate certain people if anything happens to him.
　　Cornelia was confused. She only wanted to save James from sluts, yet Talia was talking about Alpha Edward. Cornelia didn't think that the old guy was worth mentioning. "What are you trying to say?"
　　"You are not alone, and you should reach out if you need assistance."
　　Cornelia agreed. "That is something I can promise."
　　With James-related business out of the way, Cornelia thought of giving some information, "James is coming here with Alpha Edward, Luna Layla, and Nora."
　　Both Damon and Talia frowned at the mention of Nora.
　　Nora was one of the few outsiders who were in close contact with Talia, and Nora doesn't know that Talia (Damon's mate) is Alpha Natalia Moonrider. Sure, Nora took the blood oath not to harm Talia (among other people), but what if she recognizes Talia and speaks without thinking? Nora was not the sharpest tool in the shed.
　　Cornelia left the study, leaving Damon and Talia behind.
　　"Are you worried about Cornelia and James?", Damon asked.
　　"Yes, and also…" She lifted her head to look at him. "Isn't Marcy here? What if her parents or Nora see her?"
　　Damon's mouth formed a big 'O'. He forgot about Marcy!
　　"I will talk to Max so he can make sure it doesn't happen", he said.
　　Damon guessed that Maddox won't be happy. Maddox was still angry at Damon for setting him up with keeping Marcy in his pack, and when Damon reminds him that the group from the Red Moon pack will be in attendance… it won't be good.
　　"Kitten, can you come with me to talk to Max?"
　　With Talia present, Maddox will control his temper.
　　Unsuspecting Talia agreed.
　　…
　　Later that day…
　　Cornelia was about to knock on the door, but before her knuckles connected with the wooden surface, the door opened.
　　"Oh!", Mindy exclaimed in surprise.
　　Gideon opened the door, and Mindy was quick to exit only to nearly bump into Cornelia.
　　"Did you come to visit us? Or do you have some business with Gideon?", Mindy asked Cornelia who was eyeing their outfits.
　　Mindy was wearing a pastel orange summer dress and had her hair in a French braid, while Gideon wore a dark brown suit, and his hair was neatly slicked back.
　　"Sorry", Cornelia said. "Actually, I was hoping to talk to you, Mindy. Uhm… did the ceremony move to earlier in the day?"
　　"No", Mindy responded with a smile as she realized that Cornelia was referring to their dress-up. "We are going to meet my parents." She inched closer to straighten Gideon's necktie. "First impression is important."
　　Gideon was visibly nervous. He was going to meet his in-laws. The bad thing was that they were actually younger than he was, and he worried what they will think about him. What will he do if they don't approve? Will his pumpkin-infused princess like him less? What if she rejects him as her mate?
　　Gideon inhaled a shaky breath and smiled ugly a Cornelia.
　　Cornelia's eyebrows shoot up. Why was Gideon showing his teeth? Was that a threat? Was he about to bite her?
　　Seeing that neither Gideon nor Cornelia spoke, Mindy said, "We are going to be late, but we can spare a minute. Cornelia, can you tell me quickly why you are here?"
　　"It's not important. We can talk later."
　　Mindy didn't have time to coddle the witch. Gideon was on the verge of falling apart, no matter how much she told him that her parents were not scary. Did Maddox frighten Gideon when Mindy was not looking?  
　　Cornelia watched as Mindy and Gideon moved down the hallway and then she followed dejectedly.
　　Now that her status as Talia's special advisor was confirmed, Cornelia didn't have much to do, so she relaxed in her room while thinking about when James will arrive and how he will react when he sees her... And then it hit her: that was a fancy party and she had nothing to wear!
　　Since she was staying in the human realm, Cornelia had a few sets of casual clothing that she would wear while in the Dark Howlers pack. During nights she would be naked with James, and she didn't go anywhere else.
　　That was why she went to see Mindy, with the hope that Mindy will have a dress Cornelia could wear. They were about the same size (with Cornelia being wider in the hips), as for other females, Talia was too skinny, Maya was too tall, Meg was petite, and Cornelia didn't know anyone else.
　　Now what?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 728 Tatiana's bridesmaids
Chapter 728 Tatiana's bridesmaids
　　"Cornelia?", Talia called, making the witch snap out of her thoughts. "Is everything OK?"
　　Talia saw Cornelia standing on the stairs and spacing out, so she got worried.
　　Cornelia looked at Talia, and she was about to say how it was not important, but then she remembered Talia's words that they were friends who help each other. Can Talia help her with this outfit-predicament? Cornelia was not sure, but there was no harm in telling Talia about it.
　　"I have nothing to wear for the party", Cornelia admitted.
　　Talia blinked at the witch. It was the first time for Talia to hear Cornelia speak in such a humble tone. Even when she was asking a favor to be Talia's assistant, there was a dose of haughtiness, yet now Cornelia appeared… vulnerable.
　　How can Talia ignore a friend in need? "I know just the person who can help!"
　　Cornelia's eyes widened. "You do?"
　　"Yes, yes. I'm heading there now. Follow me…"
　　Talia led Cornelia to a room that was on the second floor of the packhouse. The noise and clamor of female voices were heard through the closed door.
　　After a short knock, without waiting for an answer, Talia opened the door to reveal a bright room that looked like storage.
　　Portable racks were lining the space, with garment bags hanging on them, and one corner was filled with boxes that had shoes sticking out of them. On the left, several dressers with many half-open drawers revealed sparkly jewelry and other accessories.
　　"Tanya", Talia called and Cornelia snapped to look at the people who were sitting on the sofas in the middle of the room. Other than Tatiana, there were also Kalina, Varya, Lidia, Meg, Maya, Ivy, Lily, and several other females that Cornelia didn't recognize.
　　  "Cornelia has a wardrobe issue and nothing to wear for tonight. Can you help her?", Talia asked.
　　Tatiana waved her hand toward the racks with garments that were wrapped in plastic, and one of the unknown females stood up. "Of course! We brought extra dresses."
　　Both Talia and Cornelia frowned in confusion at the deep voice that came with a heavy Italian accent, and it definitely belonged to a male. The tall and slim figure approaching them had a wide-brimmed pink hat with white flowers, and he was wearing a pink jumpsuit, and that sway in the hips as he walked belonged to a female who was on a catwalk. He also had an eyeliner and pink lip-gloss, but under all that makeup and glitz was definitely a male.
　　The guy eyed Cornelia. "Do you have a color preference? Your aura is strong and confident, we should go bold to match it and make a statement. How about crimson? Let's pick a few dresses and see if alterations will be needed. Nothing too long because we don't want to hide those gorgeous legs…"
　　He was speaking so quickly that Cornelia had difficulty following his words. He ended with, "I am Mario, Dama T's assistant." He gestured toward Tatiana, indicating that she was Dama T, and then he emphasized, "Her ONLY assistant."
　　Tatiana rolled her eyes. "No one will take your job, Mario!"
　　Mario was upset to hear that Tatiana had unknown people around her and he assumed that it was Maddox's way of keeping him away from his boss (aka Tatiana). Before Tatiana found her husband-to-be (how Mario addressed Maddox), Mario was working closely with Tatiana, business-related and private, yet now they were excluding him. They even picked a new location for the "Dama T" headquarters without him and that was a big deal!
　　Unfortunately, Mario was human, and Tatiana didn't know how to explain that her union with Maddox meant she was a Luna, leading a whole pack of werewolves, and she needed people by her side. It was a lot of work.
　　Mario threw Tatiana an angry side-glance. "I am just making sure."
　　Talia heard that Tatiana brought some of the designers from the "Dama T" here. They were all humans, from Europe. A number of them agreed to move to the United States so they can work from the new location, and it seemed that this sassy Mario-person was one of them.
　　Mario was stuffing garment bags in Cornelia's arms, and in less than ten seconds, the witch couldn't be seen under all those clothes. Mario pushed her toward the bathroom with, "Come, dear… let me help you put these on."
　　Cornelia moved per command, still not quite sure what she got herself into.  Mario was a skinny male in a pink jumpsuit, a human without powers, yet he moved swiftly and spoke even faster, and Cornelia's mind was spinning while wondering if his super-power was to confuse his opponents.
　　Talia was satisfied that she got to solve Cornelia's outfit problem, and she did it by simply bringing the witch here.
　　Why was Talia here?
　　Alpha Natalia Moonrider was more than just a guest at Tatiana's Luna ceremony. She had a role to play.
　　Normally, a Luna ceremony would be conducted under a full moon, with pack members surrounding Alpha and Luna who vow to lead the pack to the best of their abilities, drink a mystical potion, and mix their blood. This ceremony allows Luna to tap into the powers of the pack and establish a mind-link if she didn't have it already.
　　Maddox and Tatiana did this in a small ceremony with just selected pack members present.
　　Considering that both Maddox and Tatiana had many connections with humans, Maddox as the CEO of the River Construction, and Tatiana as the owner of the "Dama T", the duo decided to celebrate their union with a unique ceremony that will include their human friends also, and it resembled a human wedding.
　　Tatiana will walk down the aisle while wearing a white wedding gown and have bridesmaids and that's where Alpha Natalia Moonrider will fit as part of this spectacle.
　　Talia came to try her bridesmaid's dress. Damon was in a different room in the packhouse, where guys were trying on suits.
　　Talia wanted to ask which one was her dress, but she noticed that Tatiana's mood was not right.
　　"Did something happen?"
　　Kalina responded. "With Daria enjoying her mate, we are one bridesmaid short."
　　"Can we just proceed with the ceremony without her?", Meg asked.
　　'CRACKLE-CRACK!'
　　Tatiana gripped the armrest of her chair with such force that the wood cracked. "My lucky number is thirteen. I need twelve bridesmaids with me being the thirteenth female on that podium!"
　　"Where can we find another one?", Varya spoke in a pleading voice while signaling with her eyes that Tatiana should let go of that armrest before their human friends freak out. Tatiana always had a bossy temper, and since Maddox marked her, it got worse.
　　Talia got an idea. "You need an available female, and there is one." Talia pointed at the bathroom where Cornelia went with Mario. "Cornelia needs a dress, and she is about the same height as Daria. As long as the dress fits, I'm sure she will be happy to help."
　　Tatiana's face lit up and she looked at the door of the bathroom with sparkles in her eyes.
　　Cornelia stepped out of the bathroom in a bright red sleeveless mini dress with a heart-shaped neckline and a see-through tail that reached her knees. It fit her well and Mario said that she should try the shoes to match, and that's why she came out, but she paused when she realized that everyone was looking at her.
　　"What?", Cornelia asked. Did she miss something?
　　And that's how Cornelia ended up being a bridesmaid for Tatiana's Luna ceremony.
###Chapter 729 Malia strikes again! (L&J)
Chapter 729 Malia strikes again! (L&J)
　　The packhouse was buzzing with activity which extended to nearby houses where guests were staying.
　　This was a high-profile three days-long event full of important people, and reporters were there as well.
　　The schedule for the first day included a party that starts in the afternoon with snacks, drinks, and music. When looking from the packhouse, at the back of the garden was a massive event hall that was set up with tables and chairs that extended into the garden.
　　White and golden streamers created elegant arcs between balloons, and everything was luxurious.
　　The archway made out of white roses was set on a podium in the garden, ready for the main ceremony that was scheduled at sunset. The ceremony will resemble a wedding, and Tatiana and Maddox mentioned to their human guests that they are worshiping the Moon and Nature; the couple hoped that will be enough to explain the Shaman and strange chants which will include words such as Alpha and Luna and blessings of the Moon Goddess.
　　After the ceremony, there will be dinner, followed by endless snacks and drinks until late into the night.
　　For the second and third days, the schedule was less formal. Guests will pick among activities such as fishing, boating, sparring (no weapons allowed), and a tour of the territory which included seeing rehabilitation facilities for abused and ostracized members of the werewolf society. The Blue River pack had a reputation for providing protection and education to the less fortunate ones, and Maddox hoped that they will secure some donations as well.
　　Another goal of this extension to the party was that people can approach Tatiana and meet the new Luna of the Blue River pack in a casual setting.
　　Not all guests were set to stay for more than one day, and a handful of guests announced that they will leave after midnight. Due to security concerns, some Alphas refused to stay overnight out of fear that rogues will attack their territories because everyone knew about this event.
　　It was lunchtime with many people seated in the garden when Alpha Cristian arrived with his Luna Michelle and their son Ashton. Cristian's Beta Imre stayed in the Spring Leaf pack to take care of any issues that might arise during their absence.
　　Maddox was quick to stand up and welcome Alpha Cristian and his family.
　　As the Alpha family from the Spring Leaf pack crossed the terrace that connected to the garden, two figures emerged after them. Those were generals from the Spring Leaf pack, Jordan and Allen.
　　Jordan and Allen were both tall, tanned, and super-muscular, and humans usually thought that they were bodybuilders.
　　On his third step on the terrace, Jordan froze completely like someone hit a pause button.
　　Allen was alerted and he quickly reached for the young Alpha Ashton.
　　"Ahh!", the six years-old Ashton cried in surprise because Allen grabbed his shirt from behind and handled him like a chicken.
　　Allen pushed the boy behind him and crouched to observe the crowd, ready to attack, thinking that Jordan's unusual behavior was because he spotted an enemy.
　　This aggressiveness and the boy's cry for help got everyone's attention, and only a few noticed that Lidia, the second Wilkow sister, was standing up from her chair in slow motion.
　　"AHHH!", this shriek escaped Kalina's lips when she realized that the frozen bulky man on the terrace was her brother-in-law.
　　Mates! Malia strikes again!
　　Talia did her best to ignore Meg, Maya, and Mindy who were giving her knowing glances. There was no point in reacting because no matter what she says, those girlfriends made up their minds that Talia had the power to bring mates together.
　　After an unknown measure of time, Jordan and Lidia moved toward each other.
　　Lidia was a tall brunette with curves in all the right places, but when Jordan stood next to her, she looked feeble next to his bulky frame, like the smallest breeze would blow her away.
　　Jordan lifted his hand and caressed her cheek with his thumb.
　　Both of them were high on the fact that their other half was right there, and the addictive sparks that flared upon their contact confirmed it.
　　Lidia smiled and leaned into his touch. Jordan released a low growl, in a possessive approval of her small action that confirmed her acceptance.
　　"My love…", he murmured, and a number of sighs and suppressed squeals were heard from females who were nearby.
　　General Allen frowned at the scene in front of him. He knew Jordan since they were kids. They trained and partied together, and as much as Jordan would turn into a softy when he was drunk, that never-ever happened when he was sober, and Allen was confident that Jordan didn't lick any alcohol since the previous night. Jordan was never this… mushy. Was that a smile on Jordan's face? It looked creepy.
　　What was creepy for Allen, Lidia saw as the most enchanting smile in her life. Everything about Jordan was perfect. She liked them big and muscular, and this was a perfect male specimen like she picked from a catalog of hotties.
　　Jordan's scent reminded her of kremowka papieska, a cream cake that her grandmother used to make. Lidia could feel the flaky pastry filled with eggy custard and dusted with powdered sugar and she swallowed the saliva that pooled in her mouth. She really wanted to taste him.
　　Without any warning, Lidia jumped on Jordan, and he was quick to grab her ass and support her there for her to press on his crotch area where a bulge was formed.
　　Lidia released a shaky breath, knowing what she felt at the cradle of her thighs was for her.  
　　Her arms snaked around his neck and her ankles connected behind him.
　　"Second floor. Take right at the landing…", Lidia spoke, and Jordan's legs moved with urgency knowing that she was navigating them toward her room. He couldn't run fast enough.
　　"Is that your sister's boyfriend?", Mario asked Tatiana who looked at the double door through which Lidia and Jordan disappeared like her mortal enemy was there.
　　Tatiana would often talk about her sisters, but never in the same sentence with guys, giving him the impression that the Wilkow sisters didn't have romance in their lives. As of recently, Tatiana would talk about Kalina and Tony, and the Maddox character appeared out of nowhere, but the other three sisters were single how much Mario knew.
　　"Yes, yes", Kalina responded instead of Tatiana. "They love each other very much." There was no way a human would understand how two strangers could act so familiar from the moment they met.
　　"This reunion was totally Hollywood-worthy.", one female said dreamily.
　　Kalina responded with a stiff smile while wondering if Tatiana will be able to find another substitute bridesmaid because another Wilkow sister was taken and probably won't make an appearance tonight.
　　"Varya", Tatiana called grimly. "You are not allowed to find a man before my ceremony."
　　Varya burst into a laugh. She loved all of her sisters, but if a mate comes, she will bail the ceremony without a second thought and she wouldn't have any regrets about it. She looked at the newcomers, and after confirming that Cristian was taken, Ashton was too young, and her wolf didn't stir at the sight of Allen, Varya turned her attention back to the food on her plate while stabbing that steak like it was his fault that she ended up as the last unmated one among five sisters.
　　---
　　Notes: 
　　Pic of Lidia and Jordan is in the comments.
　　Pic of Daria and Pierce is in comments of chapter 741
###Chapter 730 James' insecurities
Chapter 730 James' insecurities
　　The group from the Red Moon pack was arriving in two vehicles, with four passengers each.
　　Two high-ranking soldiers were in front of each car, taking turns driving while the back rows were reserved for passengers. In the first car were Alpha Edward and Luna Layla, while in the second car were James and Nora.
　　They were currently stuck in line at one of the checkpoints through which guests needed to pass in order to enter the territory of the Blue River pack.
　　Guards stationed there were verifying headcount and invitations. Also, after confirming that only were-people were present inside vehicles, guests were warned that humans will be in attendance and that shifting into their wolf forms or exhibiting their super-strength was prohibited. It was a usual procedure, to avoid exposure, yet there was always a rowdy guest or two who had a few drinks too many that started growing fangs and growled before someone knocked him out.
　　These kinds of events were a nightmare for security. Guards needed to ensure that only the right people attend the event and that no one will be disturbed by party crashers that included (but were not limited to) bitter ex-es, hopeful mistresses-to-be, malicious rogues, and attention-seekers who wanted to appear in the news on the next day.
　　Unfortunately, all this tightened security created delays for the people who had the right to attend the event.  
　　James was checking his phone every few minutes. There were six more cars ahead of them and it was taking forever.
　　James always kept his head cool, but that changed once Cornelia entered his life. He was aware of the effect she had on him, and he knew that with Cornelia by his side everything could collapse, but at the same time, he couldn't stay away from her. It was a form of self-harming pleasurable madness that he sank into willingly.
　　James left that morning while Cornelia was sleeping. She looked so beautiful and peaceful that he didn't want to disturb her. He scribbled her a note that she should take care of and that they will stay in touch via text messages.
　　It wouldn't be strange, since every morning James would leave early, and whenever Cornelia woke up, she would teleport to the Dark Howlers pack, and they wouldn't see each other until evening. They had phones to communicate, but only in case of an emergency so that they avoid the possibility of being discovered. 
　　Today was different.  
　　On the previous night, Cornelia saw the files with information on three females that Alpha Edward gave to James, and Cornelia hinted that she will do something about it, and then they had sex and he kind of forgot about it, but now his nerves were acting out.
　　How can James not worry when Cornelia was not responding to his texts, and he had no idea what she was up to? Or maybe she was not going to do anything… yes, yes, that made sense. His chocolate-colored Goddess was set on testing him. He will need to find a way to avoid those females and survive the next two days without following his father's orders.
　　"Troubles with your girlfriend?", Nora asked mockingly.
　　James narrowed his eyes at her while hiding his phone from Nora's curious gaze. "What did you say?"
　　Nora raised her hands, palms up and she tilted her head at the tinted privacy glass that separated them from the soldiers in front. "I noticed you are nervous, and I thought that we could talk to pass the time."
　　"Mind your own business", James growled at her menacingly and Nora shrunk in her seat.
　　The truth was that since they left the Red Moon pack, Nora was dying from boredom and James was completely ignoring her.
　　She would prefer to be with Alpha Edward in the car, but with Luna Layla present, that wouldn't be appropriate, so she was stuck with this teenager who was easily irritated.
　　Nora would like to tell Alpha Edward that James brought a woman with him from the Dark Howlers pack, and she would tell about George and Dawn as well, but they forced her to do that stupid blood oath and if she hinted about those secrets, there would be serious consequences, so she had to keep quiet.
　　Nora couldn't wait to get out of that car, shower, dress up, and mingle. Who knows? Maybe she finds her mate, and he will be tall, handsome, and high-ranking?
　　…
　　The afternoon was trickling away and James was sitting in his room and cursing under his breath at his phone. Why the hell was Cornelia not responding?
　　Did she get angry at him for coming to this party and leaving her behind?
　　James rubbed his face with force as insecurities crept into his heart. She told him that it was not a good idea to go ahead with marking and that she shouldn't come to the human realm and… she was right.
　　At the end of the day, there was a limit to how much his wits can save him, and James had to face the reality that he was just a teenager who had to obey his father in order to survive. He was not qualified to have a mate. A real man would protect his mate and stand for what he believes in, yet here was James… about to attend a party he hated and to be surrounded by people he didn't care about, and all that while his mate was alone somewhere.
　　He regretted not refusing Alpha Edward the moment he heard that he needed to join this circus. Alpha Edward would be angry and punish him, but even if he got a severe beating, he would end up staying in the Red Moon pack with Cornelia instead of being here.
　　Oh, God! There will be press coverage and what if Cornelia sees him with some women hanging on his arm? Of course, James wouldn't get close to any random woman, but what if they stick to him while posing for a photo? How will he explain that to Cornelia?
　　The more he thought about it, the more he wanted to run… run from everything. Maybe that's what he should do. Go home, find Cornelia and run. Surely, Alpha Damon will give them a temporary refuge until they figure out something, or maybe they could go to the Midnight Guardians pack or to the Silver Flame Coven and stay there forever.
　　'Where are you?', Alpha Edward's stern voice sounded in James' head.
　　James sucked in a sharp breath while checking the time. How long was he spacing out when his father was this angry? 'I'm almost done getting ready.'
　　'Hurry up!', Alpha Edward snapped.
　　James realized that he was running out of time. The sun was getting lower in the sky, and the noise from outside was a giveaway that the event was ongoing, and if James didn't make an appearance, Alpha Edward will send someone for him, and then it won't be good.
　　James told himself not to panic. He needed to get down there and he will find a way out of this. Surely, with Alpha Damon, Alpha Talia, Maya, Caden, Alpha Tony, Luna Kalina, and other people who were aware that Cornelia was his mate, James will be able to figure out at least one exit strategy.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 731 The missing groomsman
Chapter 731 The missing groomsman
　　In the room where females were getting ready…
　　Cornelia was among the women who wore fluffy bathrobes. They were all sitting patiently while Mario and a small army of hairdressers and makeup artists were fussing around them.
　　How much Cornelia understood, Mario was the main stylist and everyone (except Tatiana) listened to him.
　　When Cornelia accepted to be a bridesmaid, she was happy that she got not one, but two dresses; one for the ceremony, and another for the after-party. Cornelia had no idea that the bridesmaid business included a whole afternoon of dolling up and staying inside with all these people. This was a completely new human experience that baffled her. 
　　Was there a need for facials, manicures, pedicures, and massages? But it felt good, her skin was never so soft, it was relaxing, and she smelled great, so she didn't .
　　Tatiana was going for the element of surprise when she and her twelve bridesmaids walk outside, so her female entourage was locked into that room with only a few Omegas allowed to get in and out of that room in order to replenish drinks and snacks.  
　　After Daria bailed (because she met her mate, aka Pierce), Tatiana was upset, but then Cornelia stepped in to maintain the magical number thirteen.
　　Unfortunately, then Lidia met Jordan, so Tatiana was (again!) one bridesmaid short. Since the time was running short and everything had to be perfect, Tatiana picked one of her designers to step in, so they were back to thirteen females total.
　　The afternoon was trickling away, and Tatiana was back to nervously looking at the time.
　　Talia had big rollers in her hair, and she wanted to ask if Tatiana was having second thoughts about this ceremony, but then she counted the bridesmaids. There were eleven. One was missing.
　　"Who is the twelfth bridesmaid?", Talia asked Kalina in a whisper.
　　"I'm not sure", Kalina responded honestly. "It's someone that Max invited, and it seems they are running late."
　　"They?"
　　Kalina nodded. "That woman was supposed to come with two other guys. They are big business partners to the River Construction. The last thing I heard was that their flight was delayed. That was at lunchtime. They thought that everyone will be here in time, but it seems that won't happen."
　　Kalina looked at Tatiana with concern. Tatiana was a perfectionist which helped launch the "Dama T" brand into the world of elite fashion, but in day-to-day life, being a perfectionist usually meant a lot of stress, and Tatiana was visibly anxious.
　　At this point, it was obvious that Tatiana heard Talia and Kalina whispering because her Alpha aura was leaking. Humans broke into a cold sweat while most of the she-wolves in the room bowed in submission.
　　"Tanya!", Talia called. She was not affected, but others were. "You need to calm down."
　　Tatiana looked at Talia with an expression of a furious toddler who was wronged. "Calm down? How can I calm down? I planned for this, I was looking forward to this… everything is falling apart right in front of my eyes and there is nothing I can do about it."
　　"Don't panic!" Mario said while making his way behind Tatiana and he started massaging her shoulders. "Relax. Breathe, my dear. Breathe. We faced bigger crises than this one. Do you remember when due to traffic we didn't get any matching shoes for the show? And then there was the case of mismatched fabric. No matter what came at us, we came on top. You can't think straight because this is your event, and you want it to be perfect. And it will be perfect, but first, you need to calm down. Breathe. Breathe… that's it. In and out… Happy thoughts…"
　　Talia had to acknowledge that Mario had a strange calming effect on Tatiana. It was a combination of words and tone and that massage, and Talia wondered if Mario would be able to keep his hands if Maddox saw him kneading Tatiana's shoulders like that.
　　Everyone in the room thought that Tatiana's furry sizzled away, but then she snapped. "How can I have happy thoughts when I'm missing bridesmaids?"
　　"Does it need to be those exact people?", Varya asked.
　　"It should be someone important", Tatiana said. Seeing strange looks directed her way, Tatiana realized that it sounded shallow, so she explained, "This is a high-profile event not only for me but for Maddox and our extended family as well." The she-wolves in the room knew that 'extended family' was a codeword for the 'pack'. "By having high-profile people in my wedding entourage, it also lifts the status of our family."
　　"What about Michelle?", Talia asked, reminding them of the Luna of the Spring Leaf pack.
　　Kalina thought that was a great idea. "Alpha Cristian is on good terms with Max, and I'm sure they will agree to be part of this ceremony. He can fill in for one of the missing groomsmen."
　　"We can also invite Yasmin", Meg suggested. "She has a way to come here… quickly. And I know she would be over the moon if she could participate."
　　Maya disapproved. "But she is pregnant. Can she travel in her state?"
　　Talia also got an idea. "If you lower your requirements on status of people, guards that came from the Dark Howlers pack are available. Keith, Caleb, and Lulu. That's two males and one female."
　　Tatiana nodded in acknowledgment of this information and waved her hand impatiently. She needed more candidates! "Who else?"
　　Ten minutes later…
　　They had twelve solid bridesmaids and two as backups, but they were still lacking one groomsman that would be important enough.
　　Talia looked at the list of twelve females and eleven males, each with a line indicating who will be whose walking couple during the ceremony. Talia was pleased to see that she will be paired up with Damon, and Kalina with Tony… and Talia's eyes widened when an invisible lightbulb went on above her head.
　　"Wait! I need to make a call. I think I know the perfect candidate!", Talia exclaimed.
　　The moment Tatiana nodded, Talia grabbed her phone and went to the bathroom.
　　A minute later, Talia exited the bathroom with a victorious smile on her face. "Twelfth groomsman is secured, and you will be pleased that he has a high status. Damon and Tony agreed to teach him the procedure for the ceremony."
　　"We are back on!", Mario exclaimed, and Tatiana relaxed visibly.
　　Tatiana's phone beeped and she checked to see that it was a message from Talia:
　　[Set the last groomsman as Cornelia's walking partner. Put his name as X.]
　　Tatiana had no ions and she called Mario to handle the matchings. 
　　Talia couldn't suppress her smile. She was eager to see how tonight's ceremony will unfold.
　　…
　　In the garden, Alpha Edward was mingling with Luna Layla attached to his arm.
　　With the main ceremony getting closer, guests were coming to join the party, and the garden was getting crowded.
　　Without any warning, Alpha Edward's mood worsened visibly.
　　'Did something happen?', Luna Layla asked through her mind-link.
　　'James is not coming.'
　　Luna Layla didn't understand. 'Why? Is he unwell?' She wanted to ask if he got himself into any trouble, but James was not a boy who gets in trouble, and no one would dare to provoke him, considering his status.  
　　'He said that he will participate in the ceremony', Alpha Edward responded.
　　'Isn't that a good thing?'
　　Alpha Edward was irritated. He liked when things went his way, and James was supposed to obediently come down and represent their pack and also… 'What kind of a role could he have?' For a normal Luna ceremony, the only people important were Alpha, Luna, and the Shaman. Others either served or were guests. Did James accept to serve drinks and food, as an Omega?
　　Ever since James returned from the Dark Howlers pack, Alpha Edward noticed changes in James' behavior. Alpha Edward couldn't put his finger on it, but something was different, and he didn't like it.
　　Luna Layla was not so skeptical. 'Didn't you send James to the Dark Howlers pack to establish connections? Alpha Maddox was there as well, and they trained together. Is it unusual to think that our James made an impression? Besides, even the Dark Howlers pack needs to curry favors with us, and how does the Blue River pack compare to them? They will definitely want to include James as a way to get closer to our pack. In any case, they won't dare to embarrass us.'
　　At the mention of their status, Alpha Edward relaxed. It was natural for the lowly ones to suck up to them.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 732 The missing groomsman (cont.)
Chapter 732 The missing groomsman (cont.)
　　The tension was rising as the ceremony was approaching.
　　News leaked that Alpha Damon came to attend this event without his Luna, and people wondered why he would leave her behind. It was unusual. Other than their relationship being fresh, there was also the point of werewolves not leaving their mates after marking because they didn't know when the heat will strike.
　　A she-wolf might go into heat days or weeks after marking. Her body would get flushed as hormones go out of whack, stimulated by the venom of her mate. A she-wolf in heat would get aroused to the point of her mind getting clouded with the need to copulate, and only after a male ejaculated inside her, her heat would subside temporarily, and then the urge will return in a cycle that can last for several days.
　　Freshly mated werewolves would be hostile toward other males because pheromones from a she-wolf in heat will make any unmated male go crazy to the point of forgetting about hierarchy, friendships, and blood relationships when facing the primal call to extend their species. The only ones spared from that effect were mated werewolves as the mate bond would block inviting scents from any female that's not their mate.
　　Because Damon showed up without his Luna, people speculated if she already had her heat and was now at home, pregnant with his pups. But that didn't make sense, because an Alpha wouldn't separate from a female who was pregnant with his pups. He would either bring her with him or stay home with her. And that ignited another round of rumors that included the option of Alpha Damon abandoning his mate. Considering his lively past of womanizing, it was not impossible.
　　Maya warned Talia that people will twist her absence as Damon's Luna into something bad, but Talia thought that it was more important to lure the enemies than to save some face. Besides, she already confronted Damon's ugly past (more than once), and she survived. How bad can this be? Soon, they will reveal the truth, and everyone will shut up, and until then, Talia wanted to take advantage of people's ignorance.
　　Talia believed that other than the power-hungry Alphas, there were also Guardians lurking in the shadows and if they knew that she was Damon's Luna and the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, they would act with caution.
　　Mates would protect each other regardless of the dangers, and if people don't know that the most powerful Alpha of their generation was the one guarding her, they will be more relaxed, and Talia hoped that they will be reckless enough to make a move and expose their evil intentions.
　　In the room with bridesmaids…
　　Mario was the final checker, walking among twelve females that wore matching blue dresses with golden details. He would touch the hair, tug a hem, and make a lot of 'hmm-hm' sounds no one understood.
　　Talia craned her neck to see her left side. The makeup artist applied concealer over Damon's mark, so now it was almost invisible. If anyone paid close attention, they would notice small grooves, but that would be it. She was pleased with this outcome, and she hoped that Damon was able to conceal her mark with equal success.
　　Talia's attention was drawn toward the witch by her side.
　　"Are you alright?", Talia asked Cornelia in a whisper.
　　Cornelia was staring at her high-heeled sandals like they were her mortal enemy. "How am I supposed to walk in these?"
　　"Can you use some magic?", Talia asked.
　　"Do you want me to fly?"
　　"No, no. Just to make yourself more… stable.", Talia said.
　　"Sorry, but I'm not aware of such a spell.", Cornelia said bitterly.
　　"Don't worry about that", Mario startled them both because his head was now between Talia's and Cornelia's as he approached them from behind. He heard them talking about magic and spells, but he assumed it was just a codeword for making it happen.
　　Mario pointed at Cornelia's sandals. "This is just until downstairs, and then you can lean on your walking partner as you go hand-in-hand. After the ceremony is over, you can change sandals for flats."
　　Cornelia looked at golden flat sandals and she really wanted to put them on right now, but she knew that was not an option. She asked already and Mario had a mini mental breakdown.
　　While thinking about leaning on some male, Cornelia had another concern. With the whole afternoon being crazy, Mario took away their phones. He said that was to ensure no one takes photos and sends them to spoil the big a-ha entrance Tatiana was going for, but that also meant Cornelia had no way of contacting James.
　　Was he at the party already? She took a few peeks through the window to see the crowd gathering in the garden, and even though she didn't spot James, she guessed that he should be there.
　　Was he thinking about her? She was not sure.
　　What if he was surrounded by slutty females? Just by thinking about it, Cornelia was on the verge of blowing this place up.
　　…
　　In the room with guys…
　　James was checking the time every few seconds.
　　He was wearing a blue suit with golden details, just like other groomsmen. It was a bit tight in the shoulders, but it was bearable.  
　　James couldn't wait to get out there and see his chocolate-colored Goddess. Will she be happy to see him? He surely hoped so.
　　When he got a text from Talia asking him if he wanted to join the groomsmen, he accepted immediately because it would give him the perfect excuse to postpone going down there where the crowd was with three females he should pay attention to.
　　When he reached into that room, James saw Alpha Maddox, Alpha Damon, Alpha Cristian, Beta Oliver, Alpha Anthony, Beta Caden, Shaman Gideon… it was quite an impressive lineup.
　　James' mood worsened when they told him that he will need to walk down the flowery aisle while holding a female's hand, and he was about to refuse, but then Damon pulled him to the side and told him that Cornelia will be his walking partner and James wondered if his ears malfunctioned.
　　"Wait… wait…", James spoke breathily to Damon while balling his hands into fists repeatedly due to anxiety. "Are you saying that my Cora is here, part of the ceremony, a bridesmaid?"
　　"Yes", Damon confirmed. "She came here in the role of Alpha Natalia's special advisor. Due to unforeseen circumstances, one bridesmaid couldn't make it, and Cornelia agreed to take her spot."
　　James felt like the sun emerged from behind the clouds and the world got colors, and he was finally able to breathe. Really breathe... and his brain was working again!
　　This was fantastic!  
　　Cornelia had the status of a special advisor to the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. James knew that his father was itchy to get close to Alpha Natalia, so James can definitely spin this in his favor. He can stick close to Cornelia with an excuse that he is establishing that highly coveted connection to the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　And the fact that they were walking partners for the ceremony could serve as a not-suspicious way for them to meet.
　　James was nearly bouncing from excitement. The best part was that Cornelia didn't know that he will be part of the ceremony, and he really hoped she will like this surprise.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 733 Maddox's best friend [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 733 Maddox's best friend [Bonus chapter]
　　All groomsmen had royal blue suits with golden embroidery on lapels. Maddox's suit was white with royal blue lapels and golden embroidery on it.  They were all matching, yet Maddox was standing out.  
　　People in the room were chatting in a good mood, and there was plenty of expensive liquor going around.
　　Caden, Kai, and Oliver chatted as Betas of their respective packs, Cristian was talking with Tony, James was checking his phone every few seconds, a few humans discussed business collaboration, and Gideon was in an especially good mood as he was grinning at his reflection in the full-length mirror.
　　The Shaman looked good in his well-fitted outfit, but his expression was still exaggerated and  Damon guessed that Gideon's talk with in-laws went well otherwise, the old guy would be sulking. Damon wanted to ask if Mindy's parents commented on the Shaman's age, but he decided to keep that for later, or maybe he could ask Talia to talk to Mindy and get more details.
　　Maddox was standing in the corner with his hands in his pockets, and his intense expression directed at the carpet gave him the appearance of someone deep in thoughts. Maddox was an Alpha, and they always had important things to handle, so no one disturbed him. No one, except for Damon.  
　　"Is there a crisis only you know about?" Damon asked while approaching Maddox with two glasses of amber-colored liquor.
　　Maddox accepted the glass and downed it in one go without a word spoken.
　　Damon's hand with the second glass was left hanging in the air. He was going for a toast, but Maddox drank his drink immediately.
　　"Do you want this one?" Damon asked jokingly.
　　To Damon's silent outrage, Maddox took the second glass and gulped the contents like a parched man drinking water.
　　Damon was not worried that Maddox would get drunk. The two were drinking buddies, and Damon knew that Maddox had an enviable capacity, but this behavior was unusual.
　　"What's wrong?" Damon asked.
　　Maddox snapped to look at Damon. "What could be wrong?"
　　Damon shrugged. "I don't know. You tell me."
　　Maddox looked at other people in the room, and then his eyes settled on Damon.
　　"I…" Maddox started and paused. He puffed his cheeks and ran his hand through his hair. He leaned closer to Damon and spoke in a hushed voice, "What if this doesn't make her happy? What if I don't make her happy?"
　　Tatiana had a very good life before she met Maddox. She was a successful designer with a top-notch company, surrounded by luxury and all the good things in life while many people were sucking up to her. And now, she was making drastic changes in order to accommodate him. She left her life in Europe, moved her company, she will be tasked to act as a Luna by his side, and her business will start from scratch in the US.
　　And what did he do?
　　Maddox had a feeling that when compared to Tatiana's sacrifices, he was lacking, and Tatiana knew it. Of course, she knew it. Tatiana was brilliant and had a very sharp business-oriented mind; she was definitely aware that accepting Maddox as her mate came at a loss for her, yet she still went with it. Sure, he could feel Tatiana's emotions through their mate bond, and he was confident that she wanted this, and she was happy, but what if she regrets it later?
　　Damon needed a moment to process this. Was the mighty Alpha Maddox insecure? It looked like it.
　　Damon would make fun of Maddox if the groom didn't look like he was about to hyperventilate. Damon couldn't allow that to happen because this was important to Talia. Talia was over the moon that she got a role in the ceremony, and Damon had no intention of allowing Maddox to ruin it by passing out, canceling the thing, or running away because of what-if scenarios that probably won't happen.
　　"You are fated mates. Being with you will make her happy.", Damon said with confidence.
　　Maddox scoffed. "That would be valid if Tanya is a regular woman."
　　Damon rolled his eyes. If Maddox knew how special Talia was, he wouldn't mention any other woman, but Damon couldn't disclose Talia's amazingness, so he had to focus on Tatiana. 
　　"What makes Tanya special? Does she have a dick between her legs? Or three boobs?"
　　Maddox's expression darkened, and he released a low growl. He knew that Damon was joking, but this was no time for jokes.
　　Besides, there was no dick involved. Tatiana was 110% woman, a hot one that smelled and tasted of strawberries! And Maddox wouldn't mind another boob to play with. Two were fun, and three would be even better.
　　"Relax, man," Damon said while patting roughly Maddox's shoulder. "It's just your insecurities acting out. Our mates love us more than what we deserve." This time, Damon was serious.
　　Maddox looked at Damon hopefully. "You think so?"
　　"I know so," Damon said smugly. "And you should know as well."
　　"I should?"
　　Damon nodded confidently before reminding him, "I remember that when you met Tatiana, you were so badly smitten that you were a complete klutz, and you forgot about two she-wolves in your room."
　　Maddox's nostrils flared in anger. Did Damon need to remind him of that blunder that nearly cost him his mate? He put so much effort into winning her back, his own mate... That was unheard of! And Tatiana almost drowned in that wretched kelp forest while searching for non-existing mermaids at the bottom of a lake.
　　Damon saw that Maddox was about to snap, so he quickly continued, "My point is that she forgave you. You messed up, big time, and she forgave you. That should tell you how much Tanya is into you. Don't doubt the mate bond. The Moon Goddess is never wrong, she gives us what we need. You need Tanya, and she needs you, and that won't change unless one of you is stupid to sever the bond. Your Luna is many things, but stupid is not one of them."
　　Maddox realized that Damon was right.
　　"Thanks. I needed to hear that", Maddox said.
　　Damon frowned at Maddox's silly grin. It didn't suit him.
　　"Remember who you are, Max. You are the Alpha of the Blue River pack. We move with confidence, and we crush our enemies. That wussy expression should be left for when it's just you and your mate. She will appreciate you showing your soft side, but everyone else will use it against you."
　　Maddox released a sharp breath and composed himself. "I'm not going to say you are wrong, but I will say that it's easy for you to talk as an outsider. When your mate has Luna ceremony, I will be standing on the side and laughing while you bounce off the walls."
　　"That won't happen," Damon snapped.
　　Maddox chuckled with, "We will see," and waved his hand on the side. A second later, an Omega was there with two glasses of amber liquid. Maddox took them both and gave one to Damon.
　　"Thank you for being here, Damon," Maddox said seriously, and he meant it.
　　Damon was the only Alpha with whom Maddox could hold a conversation without fearing that Damon would backstab him for power. For shits and giggles, yes, but not for power.  
　　"I wouldn't miss this for anything in the world," Damon responded, and they clinked glasses before downing them.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 734 Tanya's Luna ceremony (1)
Chapter 734 Tanya's Luna ceremony (1)
　　"IT IS TIME!" An enthusiastic Mario shouted from the door, getting attention from Maddox, groomsmen, and all the stylists in the room.
　　Mario ran from the room where Tatiana and the bridesmaids were to inform the guys they should move.
　　There were people in charge of the groom's entourage, but as the main event organizer, designer, and stylist, Mario came in person to do the final checks before people stepped out.
　　The ceremony included Maddox going to the podium where he will wait for Tatiana, and between Maddox and Tatiana reaching there, all groomsmen and bridesmaids will walk on the aisle that was covered with flower petals.
　　They planned paths, so groomsmen and bridesmaids don't meet until the final moment.
　　They will take separate side exits and come from around the packhouse, and then pass through the tunnel made of green foliage and white flowers that matched the overall décor and seamlessly blend into the surroundings while providing secrecy so that no one sees the wedding party until they step onto the terrace that overlooks the garden.
　　Maddox took a few deep breaths and checked himself in the mirror. He was about to move to the door when Mario stepped in front of him.
　　Maddox gritted his teeth while Mario was patting his lapels, and he endured when Mario's hands ran over his biceps, lingering there more than necessary and giving him a squeeze. Did Mario make a whinnying sound?
　　Mario didn't like that his muse (aka Tatiana) found a man who muddled her to the point of rushing with this wedding. Didn't they meet less than two months ago? But Mario couldn't deny that Maddox looked good. His ripped body was the cause of many wet dreams, Mario's included. And the best thing about Maddox was that he had a bunch of friends whose physique was equally impressive.
　　Mario could do fittings for these guys all day and not get bored of it.
　　Maddox chanted internally to stay calm. If he bites the head of the skinny human, Tatiana won't approve.
　　Maddox knew that Tatiana was relying on Mario, and she had a special place in her heart for that human. Mario was competent as an assistant, but he was too much into touching and Maddox hoped that Mario was not so handsy with Tatiana. This was important to Tatiana, so Maddox didn't want to make a scene, but he took a mental note to explain to the human that no one touches an Alpha or his Luna. No one!
　　Since Damon was next to Maddox, Mario approached him next, ready to adjust the suit jacket and the necktie, and Mario's hands froze an inch from Damon's chest when Damon growled at him.
　　Mario swallowed hard and retracted his hands. Even as a human, his instincts screamed that if he got too close to Damon, it won't end well. And he was not wrong.
　　Mario made a circle around Damon and nodded how everything was fine before moving to his next victim… cough-cough… the next groomsman.
　　"Why are you letting him touch you like that?" Damon grumbled at Maddox.
　　Maddox made a dejected face. "Tanya likes the guy. If I end him now, it will spoil the party."
　　"The more she likes him, the more you have reasons to end him. Besides, we can stash the body, and say he was unwell and went to rest. With so many guests, Tanya won't have time to check on him until the party is over. We can make it so that no one ever finds the body."
　　Maddox had to agree that Damon had a point. But what will happen after the party? Tatiana will definitely suspect him. What if Tatiana doesn't forgive him? Maddox needed to think about this.
　　…
　　When Mario returned to the room where Tatiana was with her bridesmaids and stylists, Tatiana was hyper from excitement. Mario offered her a drink, but she waved him away.
　　Tatiana wanted to keep her head clear. Drinking can come later when the ceremony is completed.
　　Tatiana's parents were there. Her father had a stern expression, but his eyes were full of pride, while Tatiana's mother was tearing up.
　　For the Wilkow parents, this was more than just Tatiana being a Luna of a pack. They arrived that afternoon to hear that Lidia and Daria had found their mates. They were happy that their daughters found their fated mates and things went smoothly, upset about this timing right before the ceremony where Tatiana needed them, and shocked how it all happened so suddenly.
　　For twenty years, all five of their daughters were unmated, and within two months, four out of five were mated. It was a sudden change they needed to adapt to, mainly because all four daughters found their mates in the US, which meant that the whole Ocean will separate them. Will they be able to see each other for the holidays? It didn't look like it.
　　'CLAP-CLAP!'
　　Mario clapped loudly, ending all chatter and making everyone focus on him.
　　He turned to Tatiana. "Do you have something old?"
　　"My earrings," Tatiana's mother responded.
　　"Something new?" Mario asked, and then he bobbed his head. "Dress and shoes are new. Something borrowed?"
　　"My garter," Varya said.
　　Mario nodded in approval and then asked his last question. "Something blue?"
　　"Lingerie," Tatiana responded with a straight face while gesturing at herself, indicating that she was wearing it.
　　"OK! The bride is ready!" Mario announced and looked at Tatiana with tears in his eyes. "You are getting married."
　　"Yes," Tatiana confirmed. "And thanks to you, it will all be perfect."
　　Mario wiped the tears and made a face. "Instead of thanks, you can give me a raise."
　　Tatiana rolled her eyes. She was already paying him a small fortune!
　　Without waiting for Tatiana's response, Mario called the bridesmaids to line up, and he arranged them in the order they should walk out while doing final checks on their hair, makeup, dresses, and shoes. Everything needed to be perfect!
　　Tatiana smiled at her assistant gratefully. Mario was loud and a handful, but she could always rely on him to get the job done.  
　　"Miss Cornelia," Mario called impatiently to the bridesmaid who was still getting ready.
　　Cornelia was in front of a mirror with a makeup stylist who was fervently working on her neck to conceal James' mark.
　　Humans didn't understand why Cornelia was set on hiding her tattoo; it looked cool. However, Cornelia thought about it and decided to cover it up. After all, if James was down there mingling with females as an unmated prince of the Red Moon pack, Cornelia had no intention of going there as someone who was claimed.
　　"Does she know what she is doing?" Maya asked Talia in a whisper.
　　Every she-wolf carried her mark with pride, and there was no reason to cover it up, but then there was Talia with a lot of concealer over Damon's mark, and Maya realized that she had asked the wrong person. Or maybe the right one.
　　"She is fighting for her mate," Talia responded.
　　In a way, Talia admired Cornelia. Cornelia was a witch, who didn't know much about this realm, humans, or werewolves, and she risked a lot by coming here.
　　If Cornelia uses her powers, she will expose herself as a witch, and if she doesn't use her powers, she will appear to be a weak human regardless of the weight that the title of special advisor to Alpha Natalia carried. No matter how it went, Cornelia was at a disadvantage, yet she still came here to fight for her mate. How could Talia not admire this tenacious witch?
###Chapter 735 Tanya's Luna ceremony (2)
Chapter 735 Tanya's Luna ceremony (2)
　　The guests were seated to watch the ceremony.
　　A long royal-blue carpet that was covered in white rose petals extended from the terrace that started at the packhouse. The blue fabric made a straight line through the garden and it ended at the podium where Maddox was with the Shaman of the Blue River pack.
　　The air was filled with a delicate aroma from flower arrangements of coronations and roses.
　　White and blue streamers and balloons hung above the guests. The venue was bathed in orange and golden hues due to the setting sun, which created long shadows, making it look mystical.  
　　Several reporters were tirelessly taking photos because the guests were all important people, and the event was live streamed for everyone to see.
　　The music changed, and the guests quieted as they turned toward the packhouse. They were all expecting people to come from there, but Gideon came from the right, and Mindy from the left side of the terrace, emerging from the green foliage that had white blooms to match the rest of the decorations.
　　Mindy and Gideon met in the middle, and the sparkle in Gideon's eyes told her he approved.
　　"You are stunning," he said, and her smile widened.
　　Mindy hooked her arm with Gideon's as they turned to walk over the blue carpet that was covered in white rose petals.
　　Murmurs swelled among the crowd how those were Alpha Maddox's sister and the Shaman of the Dark Howlers pack. They all knew who Mindy was because she was active in society while being the face of charities that supported the causes for providing for less fortunate ones, but Gideon kept a low profile, and not many knew him outside the Dark Howlers pack. Well, that will change after tonight. 
　　Gideon was happy to be the one walking next to his pumpkin-infused princess, and he loved the way she held onto him firmly, but he feared that she will make him dance. He was NOT into dancing!
　　Next were Tony and Kalina, and people quickly recognized them as Alpha and Luna of the Lightclaw pack.
　　After the couple from the Lightclaw pack went Varya (Tatiana's sister) and Oliver (Maddox's Beta).  
　　Talia knew that she should pay attention to the music before stepping outside, but her eyes were locked with her handsome mate, who looked especially dashing in his blue suit that had golden embroidery on the lapels. She loved that their outfits matched because her sleeveless dress, which reached her knees, had a golden waist and a golden hem at the bottom.
　　Damon stared at Talia as possessed, and he really wanted to go there and kiss her senselessly and do much more than kiss, but then he reminded himself how they were putting on a show where Talia was not his mate, she was his ally, Alpha Natalia Moonrider, and people were not ready to find out that she was also Talia Blake. His Talia. His kitten.
　　She had more makeup than usually, but she was equally breathtaking.
　　Damon's heart ached at the thought of how for a long time he didn't give her the acknowledgment she deserved, and now he was about to repeat the same, albeit per her request. Was this her way of punishing him by not allowing him to claim her publicly as his? Everyone will want to get close to her, either because of her position, her power, or because she was absolutely stunning, yet he will need to pretend they were friends. Will he be able to pull it off without blowing a fuse? Damon doubted it.
　　Talia moved toward Damon, and he moved toward her, and they met in the middle.
　　'It will be alright, love,' Talia's voice sounded in his head, and he smiled a little. 
　　She could feel his emotions and she knew that this was not easy for him. 
　　Talia wanted to pretend, they had a plan, but it was difficult to conceal the maddening attraction and resist the pull. In the end, they could stop this play and tell everyone the truth. But before giving up on it, Talia wanted to try.
　　'Your hand,' Talia instructed through their private mind-link, and he extended his arm automatically.
　　Talia placed her hand on his. 'Now we walk.'
　　He moved per command, and Talia struggled to keep a straight face. Damon was like a robot. A handsome and super-hot robot. And hers.
　　Damon snapped to his senses when he picked up whispers, "Alpha Damon… Alpha Natalia".
　　Well, at least no one recognized Talia as his Luna, and that should be a good thing, but why was he feeling so uneasy? Seeing all eager gazes directed at Talia, Damon wanted to pull her into his embrace and to shout how she was his and others should fuck off, but he knew that Talia wouldn't approve, so he suppressed that urge.
　　One by one, couples moved through the passage that hid them from the guests until it was their time to show up, and James eagerly looked in front, waiting to see his chocolate-colored Goddess.
　　And there she was… beautiful in a blue dress with a heart neckline that hugged her two girls while giving them a push up, a golden waistline was there to make her hips more alluring, and she was peeking through the wall made of green foliage while looking at the audience, searching for someone.
　　James' eyebrows shot up when he realized that she was looking for him. He chuckled in amusement. If she only looked in the way she was moving, she would see him right there, waiting for her.
　　Cornelia reached the end of the green wall and released a long breath. There was no sign of James, her legs were wobbly, and she was sure that those sandals were a type of torturing device, yet she needed to walk all the way there, and that podium looked like several continents away.
　　"Ahh!" a suppressed cry escaped Cornelia's lips when her leg got twisted, and she lost her balance.
　　A fleeting thought passed through her mind while considering whether she should allow herself to fall and make a fool of herself or use magic to expose herself. None of those seemed good, and she cursed silently for coming here. If she could have a do-over, she would spend three days at the Dark Howlers pack and watch the live stream while cursing all sluts that dared to come close to James.
　　Cornelia closed her eyes to prepare herself for the impact, and then she found herself in a pair of strong arms.
　　The crowd observed all this, and they saw Cornelia coming out and losing her balance, and then James crossed the distance between them like a flash to catch her, making the people erupt in 'Ohs' and 'Ahs' because he did it swiftly and elegantly, the scene was like it came from a fairytale where a knight saves a damsel in distress.
　　"Careful, my lady," James said, and Cornelia opened her eyes in disbelief while wondering if she had imagined it.
　　Her heart was beating wildly, threatening to jump out of her chest and confirm how that was not her imagination. That was James. Her James. It was really him, right there, helping her straighten up. No wonder she couldn't spot him in the crowd, but how did he end up being a groomsman? Cornelia had many questions, but she knew this was not the time to voice them.
　　James could literally hear Cornelia's heartbeats, and the mate bond allowed him to sense her emotions. Disbelief, relief, joy, love. There was lots of love, and he thought his chest will burst with happiness.
　　"Are you alright?" James asked while staring into her dark brown eyes and suppressing his desire to kiss her. If they didn't have hundreds of eyes on them, James would pick her up and take her to his room, and they wouldn't come out for days.
　　Cornelia's eyes darted to his lips, but then she became aware of their audience.
　　"I am alright. Thank you.", she said, and she was about to step away from him, but he grabbed her hand.
　　"Please, hold on tightly." James put Cornelia's hand on his forearm and placed his palm over her hand, pressing it there without an intention to let go. "Your leg might be injured. Feel free to lean on me."
　　Cornelia bit her lower lip, but she was still smiling.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 736 Tanya's Luna ceremony (3)
Chapter 736 Tanya's Luna ceremony (3)
　　'Who is that female?', Alpha Edward's stern voice sounded in James's head as he walked with Cornelia on the royal-blue carpet that was speckled with white rose petals.
　　James didn't like that his father pulled him out of his lovey-dovey mood, but he was also surprised that this question didn't come the moment James saved Cornelia from planting her face on the terrace.
　　'Give me a minute', James responded coolly.
　　James gave Cornelia's hand a squeeze before introducing himself officially. "I am James Redmayne, the next Alpha of the Red Moon pack. May I know your name?"  
　　His brows were slightly pulled together, hoping that Cornelia will get the hint that they need to pretend they don't know each other.
　　"I am Cornelia Silverflame, special advisor to Alpha Natalia from the Midnight Guardians pack." She spoke clearly, aware that many of the guests were eager to hear her response.
　　James appreciated her official response. She got the hint, of course, she did. His chocolate-colored Goddess was amazing.
　　James conveyed this information to his father who was too far in the back to hear it himself, and James was not surprised at his father's reaction. 
　　'Make sure you leave a good impression', Alpha Edward spoke with urgency. 'Treat her well and stay close until I get a chance to approach you so you can introduce me.'
　　James' insides tightened. 'You want to meet her?'
　　'She can be the connection to Alpha Natalia. Considering that you saved her from embarassement, she will be grateful and she can repay that favor by saying a few good words to her Alpha.'  
　　James couldn't believe this! His father wanted to curry favor with James' mate to get close to Damon's mate? But Alpha Edward was not aware of Cornelia's and Talia's identity, and James knew that he needed to present himself as ignorant. For now.  
　　'I will do my best, father.'
　　James glanced at Cornelia and wondered how Alpha Edward would react if he knew that she was a witch, James' mate, James' MARKED mate. They mated and he marked her and she was his. Completely his. The old guy would probably go ballistic.
　　But James thought how he could work with this. Would it be too much of a stretch to spend the night with Cornelia? Or can he bring her home? Could Cornelia come to the Red Moon pack with her new identity?  
　　They were approaching the podium, and James' mind was filled with images of Cornelia staying in his room on the third floor of the packhouse and them doing all kinds of things during the day together, not caring if anyone would see them. It was a good mental image.  
　　James firmed his resolve to hasten his plans for leaving. It would be glorious to live with Cornelia without hiding, but he couldn't do that in the Red Moon pack. He needed a plan, something foolproof, and he needed it quickly.
　　Except for a few humans, everyone among the guests knew who James was, the young Alpha of the Red Moon pack. Eligible females looked at him with sparkles in their eyes. James was tall and muscular, and he was also the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack, and his rescue of Cornelia was proof that he was a gentleman. As females saw this, James was the full package. 
　　The information on Cornelia's identity as the special advisor to Alpha Natalia Moonrider spread quicker than a wildfire. Most of the people agreed that the smiles and body language of James and Cornelia were a giveaway they hit it off well.
　　On the podium, females lined up on the right side, while males formed a line on the right, behind Maddox who was standing there from the beginning.
　　James was reluctant to let go of Cornelia, his steps were slowing down as they approached the podium. She gave him an encouraging smile and a deep gaze that was reinforced by her feelings of love and admiration she had for him. She was really happy that he was by her side, and not with some random woman, and he felt it, he really felt it.
　　Meg and Kai were the last bridesmaid-groomsman couple. Originally, they were not planned, but with the unforeseen absences of several key people, Tatiana swiftly decided to make changes and give priority to mated couples. That's how Meg and Kai got their current roles.
　　Another wave of speculations started as people realized that those two were Betas from the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　It was not a secret that Alpha Damon and Alpha Maddox were close. They even opened up their borders for their pack members to move about freely between their territories, so it was expected to see Damon, Maya, and Caden as part of the wedding party. Mindy and Gideon were also from the Dark Howlers pack, but Mindy was Maddox's sister, so that couple could be considered like it came from the Dark Howlers pack, or from the groom's side.  
　　However, Talia, Cornelia, Meg, and Kai, came from the Midnight Guardians pack, and the four of them made their pack the most-represented one among participants (without family ties with the groom or the bride). 
　　Why was this interesting for people to speculate about?
　　The Midnight Guardians pack had a reputation of being neutral. They didn't engage in squabbles with other packs, but they were not particularly close to any packs either, and this was different.
　　The Midnight Guardians pack was an unknown power in the society of werewolves. No one knew where they were or how big they are, but everyone knew that they were mysterious and they shouldn't be provoked.
　　If Alpha Maddox managed to create a tight relationship with the Midnight Guardians pack, that would be a serious issue. What if they were forming alliances to take over other territories? Anything was possible.
　　Nora was sitting among the guests and rolling her eyes at all the uninformed people. If they knew… if only they knew all things she swore to keep to herself… but she couldn't say a peep about Talia or Damon or that James was walking there with his girlfriend! Alpha Natalia's special advisor!? The only thing special was how stupid all people were!
　　Nora scowled at the ignorance around her and she cursed her luck because she finally had something huge, something no one knew and everyone would like to know, yet her mouth was sealed. This was pure torture!
　　As bridesmaids and groomsmen took their places, the music changed, and all guests stood up while looking at the back.
　　Waves of 'Ohs' and 'Ahs' were heard when Tatiana appeared at the double door of the packhouse that opened to the garden.
　　Tatiana walked elegantly with her father on her left and her mother on her right. Both Wilkow parents proudly held their heads high while leading their daughter in slow steps toward the podium where Maddox waited with the Shaman and the rest of the wedding party.
　　Maddox stared at his strawberry-infused Goddess, and he was sure that she was glowing.
　　Tatiana's hair was braided with small white flowers and lifted in a circular shape to form a crown; the flowers were sprinkled with glitter to give it a shine, like a real crown would have.
　　Tatiana had an exquisite necklace with sapphires and matching earrings dangled above Maddox's mark that showed clearly on her fair skin.
　　Maddox smirked as his werewolf-enhanced sight allowed him to see his mark clearly. That was his mark. He did that. And that gorgeous woman walking toward him was his!
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 737 Tanya's Luna ceremony (4)
Chapter 737 Tanya's Luna ceremony (4)
　　Tatiana's wedding dress was a masterpiece that came from the studio of the "Dama T".  It was a white satin A-line strapless gown with a sweetheart neckline and a snug bodice that shimmered with golden embroidery. The skirt was flowy, and it ended with an inch-wide royal-blue rim that was touching the ground.
　　Tatiana's chest swelled with pride when she heard comments about the back of her dress. The royal blue fabric followed her spine before spreading along the skirt to meet the rim at the bottom, and the golden embroidery gave it a dose of luxurious sparkle and shine.
　　The gown was elegant, body-flattering, and not over the top, precisely what "Dama T" stood for. Tatiana was confident that after this fashionable display, she will have a lot of custom orders.
　　Tatiana was about halfway through their guests when her eyes met Maddox's, and the world faded. His intense gaze was making her stomach tighten, and she could feel his desire to get closer to her, close enough to touch.
　　Tatiana couldn't stop staring at Maddox, who stood there like a God of sex, and she wondered if he looked so good in the suit or if his image was enhanced by her familiarity with his naked body, or because she knew very well what he could do with his body. Every inch of him was made for carnal pleasures... for her.
　　She exhaled a long breath, hoping that she won't get aroused more because her parents were right there!
　　Tatiana already had a ceremony where she became the Luna of the Blue River pack, and this was just for show and to entertain their friends, family, and other guests, but somehow… it felt special as well. Everything about her coffee-infused hunkalicious mate was special.
　　Tatiana climbed the podium with her parents flanking her, and her father put her hand into Maddox's with, "Take care of my angel, Alpha Maddox."
　　"I will," Maddox responded without missing a beat. "What's mine is Tanya's, and I will treat her as my equal."
　　Tatiana's father nodded at Maddox, kissed each of Tatiana's cheeks, and then he took a step back.
　　"Make her happy," Tatiana's mother said while letting go of Tatiana's hand so that Maddox could hold it.
　　"I will do my best, Mrs. Wilkow.", Maddox responded in a rare show of respect.
　　The older woman was pleased to see an Alpha lowering himself to treat them as equals.
　　The Wilkow parents were worried when they heard that Kalina and Tatiana were mated to Alphas, but little by little, their prejudices were chipping away.  
　　"Mom," she corrected him. "From today, it's mom."
　　Maddox smiled a little. Behind that firm facade was a woman who was accepting him as part of their family. He didn't really care about being accepted by this woman, but she was Tatiana's mother, and he knew that it meant a lot to Tatiana, which made it important to him as well. He would do anything to put a smile on Tatiana's face.
　　"Mom.", Maddox said, and he could feel the joy pouring into him from Tatiana.
　　With Tatiana's parents stepping down to join the audience, Maddox was able to focus on his mate.
　　'You are beautiful,' Maddox told Tatiana through their mind-link.
　　'And you are handsome,' she returned the compliment.
　　He smirked. 'The time you spent on that dress was worth it.'
　　Tatiana loved when he praised her work.
　　At first, Tatiana thought of Maddox as a handsome horny airhead, but as she got to know him and the work he does, she realized that he was a capable fighter, a fearless leader, a sharp businessman, and a person who takes care of his pack members and many others who were discarded by society as weak and unwanted. Maddox believed everyone deserved a second chance, and Tatiana admired him for it.
　　When she compared her fashion business with all the things Maddox was doing, her achievements seemed insignificant, and she felt lucky that such an impressive guy would want her as his mate.
　　Besides being amazing in every way, Maddox treated her with care and thought about her needs. He visited her office in Europe to see where she worked, and then he secured her a fantastic new business space that was much more compared to what she had before. He helped her transfer the company and her existing employees to the US, and advised her how to handle the move of the ones who were coming, as well as severance packages for those who didn't want to leave Europe.
　　Since accepting Maddox as her mate, Tatiana realized that she was not alone; her mate was a capable person she could rely on, knowledgeable about the business world, and full of valuable guidance even though he had never worked in fashion.
　　Maddox encouraged her to continue pursuing her interests, and the only thing he asked for was that they stay together. How could she stick to one thing when Maddox handled many? The least she could do was to be his Luna and help him manage their pack.
　　Tatiana had no idea how to be a Luna, but she was confident that with Maddox's support, she will do just fine.
　　'I'm glad you approve,' Tatiana said to Maddox through their mind-link. 'I made this dress while thinking of you.'
　　It was white because it was a wedding dress, the royal-blue details were because blue color represented the Blue River pack, and the golden embroidery symbolized their status as Alpha and Luna. The dress was not only elegant and well-fitting but full of meaning as well.
　　'Too bad it will end up in tatters when this ceremony is over. I will fuck you thoroughly until you don't feel sorry for the dress.'
　　Tatiana felt her insides throbbing. Oh, God! She was getting aroused, right there!
　　'Is that a promise, Alpha Maddox?'
　　Maddox gave her a lopsided smile, and she pressed her legs together. It was a promise, one she knew he could fulfill.
　　The Shaman cleared his throat to get everyone's attention, and then he started chanting in an obscure language no one could understand.
　　The sun flashed in the last goodbye, and the darkness fell. A moment later, the fairy lights wrapped around the streamers turned on automatically, giving it another splash of magical atmosphere, and guests did more 'Ohs' and 'Ahs' again.
　　Tatiana could hear Mario sniffling from the front row of the audience. The photosensitive fairy lights were his idea, and she wondered if Mario was crying because everything turned out perfect or because she was getting married. He wouldn't cry because Maddox was taken, right? RIGHT?
　　Subconsciously, Tatiana scooted closer to Maddox, who quickly put his arm around her waist as they faced the Shaman.
　　Damon was looking around and taking mental notes while observing Talia's reactions. She loved the fairy lights. He will definitely add those to her Luna ceremony, but there will be more of them. Talia's Luna ceremony needed to be better and bigger than any other!
　　He wanted to make her feel special because she was special. The best. Damon decided to invite everyone. Their friends will share their joy, and their enemies will drown in sorrow and jealousy when they realize that the two most powerful Alphas in their generation were fated mates, and there was absolutely nothing they could do about it.
　　---
　　Author's note: Check the photos in the comments for visuals of the dresses.
###Chapter 738 Tanya's Luna ceremony (5)
Chapter 738 Tanya's Luna ceremony (5)
　　Damon couldn't look away from Talia. He was confident that he was the luckiest guy in the world. She was beyond beautiful. And under that enchanting fa?ade, Talia was kind and powerful, and he will give her the best Luna ceremony ever! That was something even Sapa agreed on.
　　Everyone will know who Talia is, and no one will doubt that she is his mate. His only one.
　　'You are next, kitten,' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head through their private mind-link.
　　'That sounded like a threat,' she responded without looking at him.
　　He cleared his throat to suppress incoming laughter. To think that only weeks ago, this cheeky female was shrinking whenever he talked to her.
　　'I hope you will think of it as a promise, kitten. I will spend the rest of my life making you happy.'
　　Her eyes drifted toward him to meet his gaze. 'And I will make you happy, Damon.'
　　'You are already doing that. By existing, you are giving me a reason to live.'
　　An immense amount of love flowed into Talia through their mate bond, and Talia's knees shook. She really wanted to kiss him and hold him tightly until the end of time, but they had a lot of eyes on them, and this was about Maddox and Tatiana.
　　'I know I shouldn't say this, but… I can't wait for this event to be over,' Talia shared her thoughts.
　　'Me too. Me too', Damon responded in a singing voice.
　　Talia struggled to peel her eyes off Damon and focus on the ceremony. She was looking forward to this, and it was a one-time thing and it would be a pity to miss something important because she was flirting with Damon.
　　'Would you like us to have a ceremony like this, princess?' Gideon's voice sounded in Mindy's head. He could see that she looked at Maddox and Tatiana with longing, and for the first time in his life, Gideon disliked his position. If he was an Alpha, he could give her a ceremony and status, and like this…
　　'How about we celebrate every year on the day we met?' Mindy responded. 'Just the two of us.'
　　The unspoken promises of carnal pleasures hid behind Mindy's words; Gideon could feel them as the pressure in his groin area increased.
　　Another guy disliking that he was not an Alpha was James. He looked at Cornelia and regretted that he won't be able to give her a ceremony like this, the one that would include a whole pack looking at them as their leaders. That was reserved for Alphas and their Lunas, and no matter how awesome Cornelia was, she won't be a Luna because he was not an Alpha. Stinky bloodline. If James knew who his real father was, he would give him a beating, but he couldn't snoop around that because if Alpha Edward catches a whiff of how James was not his son… James had no idea what would happen.
　　Cornelia caught James' gaze and smiled, pleased that he was looking at her.
　　Actually, all the couples on that podium were looking at each other, and Varya felt like an outsider. She noticed Kalina eyeing Tony, Meg looking at Kai, Maya and Caden were smiling foolishly, and… what about her? Sure, Oliver was handsome and available, but there was nothing more to it, and seeing all these mates, Varya wanted more!
　　Varya remembered that Kalina said how Talia has the power to attract mates, and Varya decided to stick close to Talia.
　　…
　　The moment the ceremony was complete, James rushed to Cornelia's side, offering her his arm to hold on to. Alpha Edward said that James should leave a good impression on Cornelia, treat her well, and stick close to her, and James had every intention of doing so.
　　After a round of congratulations, James led Cornelia to the tables where bridesmaids and groomsmen were sitting; three tables were set for eight people to accommodate a party of twenty-four. James loved that he will have dinner with his chocolate-colored Goddess. Every seat had a nametag, and his name was next to Cornelia's. Perfect.
　　Now that James thought about it, he had no idea how he would endure if they ended up sitting at different tables. What if he was stuck with the group from the Red Moon pack? What if Cornelia had another guy as her walking partner? Would that bastard sit next to her? Would he flirt? James' insides shook with rage at that thought.
　　"Jay… Jay…" Cornelia called, snapping him out of his thoughts. "I think you should stop putting food on my plate."
　　James' hand paused midair. He was holding a fork with an appetizer stuck on it that was on the way to Cornelia's plate, and there were three pieces on that plate already. Did he put them there? Probably.
　　Robotically, his hands moved, and he put that appetizer in his mouth. She was right. He needed to focus and not feed her tonight, at least not in front of everyone to see.
　　"How is your leg?" James asked. "Did you twist your ankle?"
　　She was not sure if she twisted her ankle, but… "It's fine when I'm sitting."
　　"Are you sure?" James licked his lips nervously. "If you are in pain, I can help you to your room and get food and…"
　　Cornelia's eyes flashed in panic. Was he about to talk about sex? They were surrounded by werewolves, and someone was eavesdropping!
　　"Uhm," she cleared her throat. "I am fine, for now. If it gets worse, I will let you know." It's not that she didn't want privacy with James, but if they left before dinner was served, everyone would notice!
　　She wanted to change the topic. "How did you become the groomsman?"
　　James glanced toward Talia, who was standing nearby with Tatiana, Kalina, Varya, Meg, and a few more females. "Someone called and said they are one groomsman short, and I agreed to fill in the spot."
　　Cornelia quickly put the pieces together, remembering that Talia said she had the perfect groomsman, and James ended up being marked on the list as X. Cornelia loved that James got to be her partner, but she didn't appreciate the surprise factor. So much stress could be avoided if Cornelia knew what Talia was up to!
　　James leaned closer to Cornelia and spoke in a whisper, "My father will want to meet you."
　　Cornelia held her breath. His words splashed on her cheek, close to her ear, and she almost turned to kiss him. He was so close, and the temptation was maddening.
　　"When?" She asked.
　　James was not sure. "Probably after dinner."
　　James was not comfortable with Alpha Edward coming close to Cornelia. What if he gets funny ideas about Cornelia? What if he does something that crosses the line? So far, James didn't care what his father did, but now it was different.
　　"Miss Cornelia," James called in an official tone and stared into her brown eyes seriously. "Whenever your leg or anything else is causing you discomfort, let me know, and I will handle it."
　　"Alright," Cornelia responded with a smile, knowing that 'anything else' included his father. But Cornelia had no intention of making James do all the work. After all, she came here to help.
###Chapter 739 Babies!
Chapter 739 Babies!
　　Mario sashayed among the crowd with two glasses of champagne in his hands, and he was going straight for Tatiana.
　　"Aww…", Tatiana gushed at the sight of her trustworthy assistant, the relief she felt now that the ceremony was over, helped her relax. "Here is the man who made this possible."
　　Mario rolled his eyes exaggeratedly. "You made this possible. I made it fabulous!" He handed one of the glasses to Tatiana. "How about a drink now?"
　　"Absolutely!" Tatiana exclaimed and grabbed the glass, eager to down it when Talia grabbed her hand.
　　"I don't think you should.", Talia said. Liseli sneered into Talia's mind that pregnant women shouldn't be drinking, and Talia acted on an impulse.
　　"Is there something wrong with the drink?" Tatiana asked, and in the next moment, Maddox was next to her and glaring at Mario.
　　Maddox was standing a few steps away with Damon, Oliver, and a few others, but his attention was on Tatiana.
　　Talia could see that Maddox's fury was tangible as he was ready to punish Mario for the allegedly spiked drink, so Talia quickly spoke, "No, no! It's just that…" She inched closer to Tatiana and spoke in a whisper. "Should you be drinking in your condition?"
　　Tatiana didn't get it. "What condition?"
　　Talia glanced at Tatiana's stomach. "Don't you know?"
　　Tatiana sucked in a sharp breath when she realized... "Are you saying I'm pregnant?" Her hand instinctively moved to her perfectly flat abdomen.
　　Meg clapped excitedly. "Talia can sense these things. She told Yasmin that she was pregnant before anyone knew."
　　Talia smiled nervously. It was not about sensing but about Liseli, but Talia couldn't say that.
　　Mario covered his mouth with his hand. His expression looked like he was screaming, but no sound came out.
　　Maddox's jaw fell slack open. Did he hear this right?
　　Tatiana stared at Talia, silently asking her if she was sure, and wondering if that was the truth. A mother! She will be a mother! But she didn't dare show her emotions. What if Talia was wrong?
　　Kalina nudged frozen Tatiana with her shoulder. "Why are you so surprised? Didn't you have your heat last week?"
　　"You had your heat?", Varya asked. "How come Kalina knows about it, and I don't?"
　　"Why are you making this about you?" Kalina snapped at her sister.
　　Kalina wouldn't know either if Tatiana didn't call her to say that she will be late from Europe and that Kalina needed to handle some matters related to the preparations for the Luna ceremony. Tatiana thought she was sick because she had a fever, but then it turned out it was the heat, and Maddox was there already, and their flight back in the private jet was eventful.
　　Varya pouted. Now that Kalina and Tatiana were mated to Alphas in the US, the two sisters became closer compared to the other three, and today Daria and Lidia joined that group also, and Varya felt neglected. Varya wanted to complain about injustice, but to whom can she complain with those arguments?
　　Maddox was still processing the bomb that Talia threw at them. Was Tatiana really pregnant? With his pup? He will be a father?
　　Well, of course, he will be a father, he was working hard on planting his seeds into his strawberry-infused Goddess before, during, and after her heat, but he didn't think it would happen right now, so soon. He was not ready! Was he ready?
　　He stared at Tatiana's stomach like he could see inside.
　　"Max…" Tatiana called breathily. "Am I really…?"
　　Before she could finish that question, Maddox scooped her in his arms and walked toward the packhouse.
　　Maddox's eyes lost focus, and he ignored nearby people who attempted to approach them with congratulations.
　　People from the side commented how Alpha Maddox can't wait for some privacy with his Luna, but Tatiana knew that this was not about a quicky.
　　"What's going on?" Tatiana asked Maddox.
　　"The pack doctor will meet us inside. I want him to check. I want to make sure…" By now, they were in the side room on the first floor, and Maddox lowered Tatiana to sit on the sofa so gently like she might fall apart at the slightest pressure. He kneeled in front of her and leaned his head on her stomach.
　　Tatiana ran her fingers through his hair as a warm smile spread on her face. She could feel his excitement and happiness, and there was no need for words between them, not at that moment.
　　Tatiana relished the fact that she could make him happy, which made her happy as well. Now only if the pack doctor could confirm the pregnancy, that would be perfect.
　　Outside, the news about Tatiana's pregnancy quickly spread among friends who were standing there.
　　Meg, Mindy, and Maya were bouncing from excitement, and then Meg turned to Talia.
　　"What about me?" Meg asked.
　　Talia didn't get it. "What about you?"
　　Meg glanced at her stomach, and Talia understood.
　　'Liseli?' Talia called.
　　Liseli snorted. 'What am I? A pregnancy test?'
　　'If it's difficult, you can say so,' Talia remarked.
　　'Pregnant,' Liseli grumbled. 'And before you ask, the other two are not pregnant. The Shaman's mate will be in heat in five days, while the other in about a month.'
　　Talia understood that the 'other two' were Mindy and Maya, and she was unsure if it was wise to comment on the upcoming heat with so many people listening. She decided to talk to Mindy and Maya later and to focus on her pregnant Beta.
　　Talia grinned at Meg. "Congratulations, Meg."
　　"What did you say?" Kai asked breathily from the side.
　　Meg looked at Kai, and tears filled her eyes. "Baby, Kai. It's a baby."
　　Kai swayed a bit, and then he snapped to his senses to envelop Meg into his embrace and shower her face with kisses while she giggled.
　　After some time, Kai stopped and looked at Meg. "Do you want to visit your family?"
　　Meg glanced at Talia, silently asking for permission.
　　How can Talia say, no? She knew that Meg didn't see her family since she got mated to Kai, and now they had even a baby on the way. "Be careful. Don't travel alone. After this event, you can join Kalina and Tony to reach the Lightclaw pack."
　　Meg and Kai both thanked Talia, and then they started chattering if their baby was a boy or a girl.
　　"Aren't you going to do a test and confirm?", Varya asked the excited couple.
　　Meg refused. "No need. Our Alpha said that we are expecting, so we are expecting."
　　Talia was touched by this show of trust, and her eyes instinctively drifted toward Damon.
　　Damon held his hands in his pants pockets as a reminder that he shouldn't hold onto Talia. When he agreed to keep her real identity a secret, he didn't know it would be this hard to stay away. Well, he was not really staying away; there were no more than a few steps between them at any given moment, but he needed her in the touching distance. The lack of addictive sparks their bond provided was driving him crazy.
　　'How about we go and sit at the table?' Talia's voice sounded in Damon's mind, and he was quick to agree.
　　Damon and Talia sat at the same table where James, Cornelia, Meg, and Kai were. Tony and Kalina joined as well.
　　Damon stared at the food, wondering if it will be OK to put some of it on Talia's plate.
　　He jolted when he felt a squeeze on his knee, and he glanced under the table to see Talia's hand there, palm up, her fingers wiggling impatiently.
　　Damon smiled at the memory of how he used to do that to her whenever she was late with handholding.
　　His hand slid over hers, their fingers interlaced, and his heart was in place.
###Chapter 740 Kim Dorsey [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 740 Kim Dorsey [Bonus chapter]
　　In one of the buildings that served as a shelter for single she-wolves…
　　Marcy was in the common room with a number of other people and watching on the television the live stream from Tatiana's Luna ceremony.
　　Other than two volunteers from the Blue River pack, the rest were females that had nowhere to go. They were abandoned and abused by family, lovers, friends, strangers, people they trusted, and people they never met before… everyone in that room had a different story to tell, and the common point was that they all came to the Blue River pack in the search for a place to stay. Some of them had a plan and some sought guidance, but they all needed time to prepare for whatever life threw at them next.
　　At that moment, everyone was focused on what was on the screen. Luna's ceremonies don't happen every day, and this was impacting the Blue River pack, so it was important.
　　The lively chatter covered commentaries related to people and their outfits, couples recognized, and what they were eating and drinking. It was like a competition who would recognize it first.
　　Marcy sat in the back and watched scenes on the television with an unreadable expression.
　　That could be her. That should be her. That WOULD be her if things didn't take the wrong turn.
　　As the only daughter of the Alpha of the Red Moon pack, Marcy would have a fantastic Luna ceremony, maybe even more glamorous than this one. She was set to be Damon's Luna, the Luna of the largest pack in North America, but then everything collapsed, and she was left with nothing.
　　Since she came to the Blue River pack, Marcy attended courses for online marketing. She was not interested in it, but everyone who came here had to show a desire to heal and improve.
　　After experiencing her family using her, Damon discarding her, and James betraying her, Marcy's goal was to become self-sufficient, leave this world of packs and live in a human town.
　　The courses she took were not challenging, but Marcy was not motivated to keep going. She was lost in depression, and no one could understand what she went through because she didn't dare to reveal her real identity. Marcy cut her hair in a bob and dyed it black, and she became a different person. Here, people knew her as Kim Dorsey, a woman who was abandoned by her family and her lover because she lost her wolf. Well, that was close to the truth.
　　Other females here were learning how to clean, cook, manage bills, set up the table, and do other things that an Omega could do. Since George accepted her rejection, Marcy lost her wolf, and she couldn't plan her future that included a pack.
　　Without her wolf, Marcy was no more than a human, and the only reference she had to how a wolf-less she-wolf could live in a pack was that scrawny female that used to stay in the attic of the Red Moon pack. There was no way Marcy would allow such a fate to befall her. Marcy spent a decade in Europe learning various skills, but those were useful for a housekeeper or a maid or a Luna, and she was too old for dancing, so she decided to learn something new, something with the potential to earn her a lot of money, so here she is.
　　Damn it! None of this would be needed if Damon cooperated and made her his Luna!
　　Marcy wondered, when did her life start going downhill?
　　She didn't have many memories of her early childhood, but her teen years in Europe were comfortable. She was the princess of the second largest pack in North America, and money was never lacking. She was wearing branded clothes and was surrounded by friends, and she couldn't understand how quickly it all collapsed.
　　Did it start when she returned from Europe? How would her life be now if she stayed there? How would her life unfold if, at that time, she told her parents that she didn't want to be Alpha Damon's Luna?
　　Or did things take the wrong turn when she rejected George? What would happen if she embraced him and faced her parents with, 'This is my mate'? It couldn't be worse than this.
　　Or was this all Talia's fault? Indeed, without Talia's presence, Damon wouldn't be so adamant about pushing Marcy away. Marcy remembered those brief moments when Damon treated her as his future Luna. It was not super lovey-dovey, but he was not ignoring her either. She remembered that when he visited the Red Moon pack, Damon was quite eager to get into her panties. Ah, if she knew that things would end like this, she wouldn't push him away, their engagement would be set, and she would be Luna of the Dark Howlers pack now. Unfortunately, that boat sailed away without Marcy on it.
　　And there was Damon, on that television screen, dashing in a royal-blue suit that matched his eyes which were focused on a female next to him. People called her Alpha Natalia Moonrider, and even though Marcy had never heard of that woman, she looked familiar. Was that Talia's twin sister or Talia herself? It didn't matter. Even if that was Talia, Damon's mate, and Marcy said it, people will ask how she knew and demand proof, and Marcy was not in a position to stir waves.
　　She even saw her parents sitting there, enjoying food, and chatting, like Marcy never existed. Even that slut, Nora, was there. Marcy wondered if her mother knew that Nora was sleeping with Alpha Edward.
　　As a reminder of her delicate situation, Marcy was warned that her family would be in attendance, and if she could stay in her room, that would be perfect, especially on the next day when delegations from other packs will do the tour of the facilities.
　　Marcy narrowed her eyes when the camera moved over the tables, and she spotted James sitting next to Cornelia. She thought they were just part of the wedding party, but those three seconds were enough for her to notice how James looked at Cornelia. It was different. And why did that woman look familiar? Where did Marcy see her before? Did their father approve of James socializing with that woman?
　　Marcy released a dejected sigh. It didn't matter. Her parents, Nora, Damon, Talia, James… none of those mattered.
　　The only thing Marcy could do was sit and watch her family enjoying the good life.
　　Marcy thought how her life was pathetic. She lost not one but two Alphas and the position as the princess of the Red Moon pack. That must be some major misfortune. Was there any point in continuing to live?
　　A slight tug on the sleeve made Marcy snap into a reality where she was Kim Dorsey.
　　Marcy blinked to focus on the ten years-old orphaned girl who was brought in last week.
　　The girl was covered in cuts and bruises, and she was malnourished. The girl didn't say a word, so they assumed she was mute. There was nothing wrong with her physically, and the diagnosis was that she didn't speak due to trauma.
　　The doctors and psychologists working there said that the girl was neglected and abused and that she will communicate when she was ready. Without knowing the girl's name, they called her Jane.
　　For a reason Marcy couldn't explain, the girl that didn't want to get close to anyone, was sticking to her.
　　"Yes, Jane?" Marcy asked.
　　The girl extended her arms toward Marcy, silently asking for a hug.
　　Marcy released a long breath and pulled the girl to sit on her lap.
　　Silly girl, Marcy thought. Marcy was unable to fix herself, yet here was this girl, asking Marcy to take care of her. Or maybe the girl sensed Marcy's low mood and came here to comfort her? Anything was possible.
　　Jane pointed at the television, and Marcy understood that she wanted to understand what was happening there.
　　"Alpha of the Blue River pack crowned his Luna," Marcy started explaining. "That makes her the queen of this pack, so people are celebrating. There was a ceremony for everyone to see they are mates, and now they are about to serve dinner…"
　　Jane hopped from Marcy's lap and went to the side table to fetch two meat buns. They were never lacking food here, but today was special, for everyone to celebrate their new Luna.
　　Marcy accepted the meat bun and let Jane sit back on her lap. They both munched on the dough filled with spiced meat, and Marcy continued her explanations.
###Chapter 741 Family that can't be replaced
Chapter 741 Family that can't be replaced
　　When Maddox and Tatiana returned, they went straight for the stage where the DJ was.
　　There was a live music performance scheduled for after dinner, and until then, DJ was ensuring that soft and trendy music covered the murmurs from the guests.
　　Maddox helped Tatiana climb the stairs and he held onto her tightly as he spoke into the microphone.
　　"I would like your attention for just a moment," Maddox said. "We want to thank everyone for coming today and for watching the live stream to make this occasion a grand one. In addition to Tatiana and I tying the knot, we also want to share important news." He made a dramatic pause. "We just confirmed that Tatiana is pregnant." He turned to look at the camera. "The Blue River pack has an Alpha pup on the way!"
　　Humans were a bit confused with the Alpha pup reference, but they just accepted it because everyone clapped and cheered as Maddox was kissing Tatiana like no one was watching.
　　"Do you feel this, my love?" Maddox spoke into Tatiana's lips. "People are happy for us."
　　Did she feel it? Yes, she did. Since she became the Luna of the Blue River pack, Tatiana's mood was impacted by the overall atmosphere in the pack. The people were happy and the happiest one was Maddox.
　　Tatiana and Maddox were still under the shock of this news that came out of nowhere, and anxious about what it meant, but the overall support was encouraging, and Tatiana was confident that things will be alright.
　　She smiled at Maddox whose eyes were sparkling with excitement, and she couldn't believe that only two months ago she had a totally different life, a life she was happy with, yet she turned her back to it in exchange for this. And she had no regrets. It was a new home, and they were starting their own family and even though it was totally new and unexpected, it felt right. Everything with Maddox felt right.
　　Damon watched as Maddox helped Tatiana off the stage, and then they drowned in the people from the Wilkow and River family who were waiting to congratulate them.
　　"Do you want to go there?" Talia asked.
　　Damon refused. "Not now. We should let their family go first."
　　Mindy was there bouncing from excitement, and Varya, Kalina, Tony, and Gideon were there as well, but they were letting future grandparents have the first round of hugs.
　　Kalina was happy for her sister, she really was, but she was mated to Tony before Tatiana and Maddox met, and Kalina also had her heat (more than a month ago) but no baby on the way. Sure, heat doesn't guarantee a pregnancy, but the chances of conceiving a child were high, yet Kalina's oven was empty. Tony told her that this didn't change anything, and they will try again next time, and she shouldn't worry because they were still young, but now that Tatiana was baking Maddox's bun, Kalina felt that she was lacking.
　　Damon saw that future grandparents were super-excited, giving hugs and kisses and sharing advice on healthy pregnancy, and Damon felt a pang in his chest.
　　'What's wrong?' Talia's voice sounded in Damon's mind, and he turned to look at her.
　　He was sure that he blocked all negativity seeping through the mate bond, but Talia could always sense what was going on with him. Was it because Liseli was stronger than Sapa?
　　'Is there something I can hide from you?' He asked.
　　'That didn't answer my question.'
　　He puffed his cheeks. 'It's just… Look how happy Max and Tanya are, surrounded by parents and siblings, and we will never have that. No amount of love will be able to substitute a family you lost.'
　　Talia's heart shook under the weight of his words. She never met her parents, so any ideas about what family was were just that… ideas. Compared to that, Damon lived with his parents for seventeen years before they were ripped out of his life, and she knew that he yearned for their presence and things that would never happen. Even with all that, he spoke about her needs, putting her first. Wasn't he the sweetest?
　　'We are a family, Damon,' Talia said while squeezing his hand under the table. 'And we have Maya and Caden, and Axel, Yasmin, Mindy, Gideon, Max, Tanya, Tony, Kalina, Meg, Kai, and so many others. We are not alone.'
　　Damon stared at Talia and wondered, how did this turn into her comforting him?
　　'If you don't want to expose Talia's identity, you should stop what you are doing. Right now,' Caden's voice sounded in Damon's head, and Damon realized that he was inching toward Talia. Was he about to kiss her? Probably.
　　'What is it?' Talia asked when she saw Damon frowning after his eyes lost focus for a moment.
　　'Caden reminded me that I should keep my lips to myself.'
　　Talia stifled a laugh, and then she remembered, 'Tell him that Maya will go into heat in about a month. We should give them a vacation.'
　　Damon was surprised to hear this. 'You can tell when someone is about to go into heat?'
　　'Not me. Liseli can. Oh, and she said that Mindy will go in heat in five days.'
　　Damon's eyes lost focus for a moment, and both Mindy and Gideon froze and then whipped their heads to look toward Damon and Talia. They just heard that in five days there will be a window open for them to become parents, and that was huge!
　　But Damon was ignoring them as he was focused entirely on Talia.
　　Gideon turned to Mindy. "Did you hear what I heard?"
　　"I don't know. What did you hear?"
　　"I heard that in five days…" Gideon paused to pick his words so that his in-laws don't think badly of him. "…my pumpkin will be ready for harvesting."
　　Mindy's cheeks warmed as moisture pooled at the cradle of her thighs. She knew that she shouldn't imagine visuals of Gideon and her entangled, but it just happened, and she was getting aroused. Mindy took Gideon's hand in hers and pulled him to the side. She didn't want her parents to smell her arousal, and they needed to talk about babies!
　　At the table, Damon was staring at Talia. He just heard that she can not only diagnose pregnancies but also predict heat, and he had to ask, 'What about you, kitten?'
　　Talia's eyes widened in slow motion. Was he asking about her heat? It looked like it.
　　Did she want to know? No matter if it's one day, one month, or one year, she will be super-stressed, and she could only imagine how much fuss Damon will make about it.
　　Somewhere in the back of her mind, a scary thought appeared. What if she can't have babies? Will Damon hate her for it? Before coming to the Dark Howlers pack, her life was not exactly healthy. She was malnourished, surviving on scraps, and didn't exercise, and even now, her frame was smaller compared to any she-wolf her age. And there was also the point that they marked each other weeks ago (months! If they count time spent in other realms), and she still didn't go into heat.
　　'I prefer not to know.'
　　Damon was visibly disappointed but didn't want to push for it.  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 742 Games of deception
Chapter 742 Games of deception
　　Talia thought that the evening was progressing well.
　　There was music and people, fancy decorations, food, and drinks. The only thing preventing Talia from enjoying it entirely was that she was repeatedly reminding herself not to get too close to Damon. He was next to her, right there, holding her hand under the table; however, leaning on him, cuddling, kissing, and feeding each other were off limits. Talia realized how used she was to those small intimacies with Damon and how awkward it was to stay away.
　　The good thing was that they were among friends as they shared the table with Maya, Caden, Kai, Meg, James, and Cornelia.
　　Everyone at the table knew who Talia was and her relationship with Damon, and also about the fact that James and Cornelia were mates.
　　To the outsiders, James was an interloper at the table that was occupied by the members of the Dark Howlers pack and Midnight Guardians pack, yet James blended in with them quite well.
　　James made sure not to talk too much so he doesn't spoil his image of an obedient (and ignorant) son, but if anyone paid attention, they would see that he was relaxed and smiling more than usual.
　　Alpha Edward was checking on James from a distance. He couldn't hear anything, but he could see that the mood there was good. Alpha Edward wanted to mind-link James for updates, but that would risk distracting the youngster, and also, people at his table were chatty, and he couldn't just disconnect without others noticing.  
　　Alpha Edward regretted that he didn't bring George as part of their group. When he mentioned that they will be attending the Luna ceremony at the Blue River pack, George immediately started talking with Beta Raymond about increased vigilance during the absence of their Alpha, and Alpha Edward got carried away and let George stay to be in charge of security. But now that he thought about it, both James and George spent time in the Dark Howlers pack, and when comparing them, George had better social skills. If George was present, he would have a reason to approach that table and Alpha Natalia and to see what was going on there. Unfortunately, they were already here, so the only thing Alpha Edward could do was rely on James and wait for his chance to approach Alpha Natalia later.
　　Damon and Talia were surrounded by friends with whom they talked and laughed, and the close interaction between the couple was easily lost when mixed with everything else that was happening there.
　　As for James and Cornelia, their knees were touching under the table, and James' hand would disappear down there whenever he didn't need both hands to eat, searching for the smooth skin of Cornelia's thigh under the hem of her skirt. James loved that Cornelia didn't push his hand away like she was aware of how desperate he was to feel those sparks of their bond.
　　Most of the talks at the table were about babies and pregnancy.
　　Damon mind-linked Maya and Caden to plan for a vacation in a month because Maya's heat will come, and the couple was super-focused on baby talks.
　　Meg wanted to head to the Lightclaw pack and visit her family first thing in the morning, but they needed to coordinate their departure with Tony and Kalina due to security concerns. Now that Meg was pregnant, the energies she controlled with her ability were flowing differently, and there was a danger of her ability flaring uncontrollably if her emotions become unstable. Cornelia advised Meg to not manipulate energies because there was no way to predict how it will impact her baby.
　　The consensus was that it would be safest for Meg to return to the Midnight Guardians pack as soon as she could, but she wanted to visit her family first, even if it's just for a bit. They didn't meet Kai, and if she delayed visiting them due to the pregnancy, it would be too much.
　　The mood was good, but as the event progressed, Damon was losing his patience.
　　Even with Keith, Caleb, and Lulu stepping in to prevent people from approaching their table, one individual managed to disturb their dinner. Many were eager to talk to Alpha Natalia, and Damon called security to remind everyone that drinks and socializing will happen after the meal.
　　Talia didn't have anything against talking to people, but she noticed that several women were looking their way, obviously at Damon, which reminded her that her mate was highly desirable and that only a handful of people knew how dangerous it would be to get close to him. Those females were not brave enough to approach Damon during dinner, but Talia could see it happening when people started mingling. Did they think Damon was available because he (officially) came without his Luna?
　　Talia sneered while imagining those women tripping 'accidentally' right in front of Damon and spilling their drinks on him, and then apologizing while offering to clean up the mess personally. Bitches! No one gets to touch Damon. He was hers!
　　"Do you really want to mix with these people after dinner?" Talia asked Damon, not bothering to use their mind-link.
　　Damon's expression brightened. "You want to call it a night early?"
　　"And miss all this?"
　　Damon didn't get it. Did she want to leave the party or not? "What's your plan?"
　　Talia smiled and spoke through their mind-link. 'I would love if you could hold me for everyone to see while they wonder what's our relationship.' And those sluts who are coveting Damon could die from envy.
　　Damon had no ions. But how can he hold Talia without revealing they were mates or making them look like cheaters? And then it hit him. 'You want us to dance?'
　　'Oh, Mr. Blake! How nice of you to offer. I would love to.'
　　Damon loved how she was bold and innovative in this game of deception. And he loved the idea of them dancing for everyone to see while not knowing the truth. Now only if he could kiss her, that would make everything better.
　　James noticed that Damon and Talia went to the dancefloor as soon as they finished their meal. He saw them holding each other while swaying to the music, and he thought it was a great idea.
　　"Miss Cornelia," James called. "Would you like to dance?"
　　Cornelia's eyes shifted to the dancefloor. She danced a lot in the Silver Flame Coven, but this music was different, and people danced as couples, and the legs moved strangely, and she wore those wretched high heels.
　　"Uhm… I don't know how", she admitted.
　　James smiled a little. He was not really an expert, but as part of his education to be the next Alpha, he also had a few dancing lessons, so he had several moves ready. He could imagine twirling Cornelia, making her bend backward, and then he would help her straighten while their noses touched. Maybe he could sneak in a kiss without people noticing.
　　James was about to offer to teach her how to dance when he noticed a presence behind him.
　　"James, my son," Alpha Edward greeted cheerfully. "Good job on representing us at the ceremony. Do you mind introducing me to your partner?"
　　James' mood went to hell. Why was his father here? And why did he make it sound like James was a groomsman for the sake of the Red Moon pack?  
###Chapter 743 Alpha Natalia's special advisor (1)
Chapter 743 Alpha Natalia's special advisor (1)
　　When James snapped to his senses, he saw Cornelia's warm brown eyes directed at him, silently sending him messages he didn't understand, but he knew that she was telling him they were in this together.
　　Alpha Edward was right there, behind him, exchanging shallow pleasantries with Meg and Kai.
　　Damon, Talia, Maya, and Caden were on the dancefloor, and James wondered if his father had waited for people from the Dark Howlers pack to leave their table before coming there. Alpha Edward and Alpha Damon never got along well, and things worsened after the Marcy fiasco.
　　Normally, James could smell Alpha Edward from a mile away, but when James was with Cornelia, everything faded because her sweet scent of wild berries would overtake his system. Like now.
　　James turned robotically toward Alpha Edward and forced a smile while getting up. Sitting in front of a standing Alpha was a sign of disrespect.
　　"Father," James called. "This is Miss Cornelia Silverflame, special advisor to Alpha Natalia Moonrider from the Midnight Guardians pack." He turned to Cornelia. "Miss Cornelia, this is my father, Alpha Edward from the Red Moon pack."
　　With a stoic expression, Cornelia raised her hand toward Alpha Edward with her fingers curling slightly. She saw that in movies. That was how people greeted royal females; in this setting, she was definitely a royal.
　　Alpha Edward stared at Cornelia's hand, needing a moment to process the situation. Why was she still sitting? And did she expect him to kiss her hand? Did she treat him like he was inferior? He was an Alpha, for crying out loud!
　　But Cornelia had a special status, and he couldn't risk offending her. Meg and Kai were observing this interaction, and there were too many witnesses. 
　　Alpha Edward held Cornelia's hand and moved to kiss the back of her palm with, "It's a pleasure, Miss Cornelia."
　　Cornelia's lips lifted into a smile that didn't reach her eyes. "Oh, trust me, Alpha Edward, the pleasure is mine."
　　As Alpha Edward bowed to kiss her hand, Cornelia noticed a female behind him.
　　"And this is?" She asked.
　　Alpha Edward straightened his posture and stepped to the side while gesturing. "This is my mate, Luna Layla."
　　Cornelia nodded at Luna Layla, not bothering with pleasantries. She heard how Alpha Edward was harsh toward James; any mistake would result in physical punishments, and that woman who called herself James' mother would just stand there and let it happen. James said he doubted that Alpha Edward was his father, but considering how cold Luna Layla was, Cornelia wondered if that woman was James' mother.
　　Alpha Edward opened his mouth to say something, but he paused when Cornelia stood up.
　　"I heard a lot about you, Alpha Edward."
　　He smiled and leaned toward Cornelia. "Good things, I hope."
　　James gritted his teeth while suppressing the growl that bubbled in his chest.
　　James knew very well that sleazy smile and how his father would approach little by little, not making it evident that he was flirting until it was too late. By the time female in question realized what was going on, she was forced to accept his advances or to cause a ruckus by refusing an Alpha. No one dared to offend the Alpha of the second largest pack in North America, and then there were those who foolishly thought that they would get some benefits by giving in.
　　Cornelia tilted her head and didn't respond to Alpha Edward's comment. Instead, she turned to James. "Is your offer for dancing still valid, or does your parents' appearance change that?"
　　"Still valid," James responded right away.
　　Cornelia hooked her hand with James' and said to Alpha Edward. "I would love to stay and chat, but my partner asked me for a dance, and it wouldn't be polite to let him wait."
　　Alpha Edward's smile fell, and he stared at James, silently asking him for an explanation.
　　"Father, mother," James said while nodding at them. "If you excuse us."
　　Alpha Edward's face darkened at the sight of James leading Cornelia away.
　　'What is the meaning of this?' Alpha Edward's voice boomed in James' mind. 'I told you to introduce us and not take her away! And to think that I had to come to her!' Instead of the other way around.
　　'I asked her to dance before you came,' James responded coolly. 'Did you expect me to go back on my word? I would advise you to avoid Miss Cornelia and let me handle this. Her opinion of our pack is not very good.'
　　Alpha Edward could smell bullshit from a mile away. 'Not good? She is friendly with you.'
　　'That's because I prevented her from embarrassment during the ceremony. Didn't you tell me to stick to her and leave a good impression? I am doing my best to turn her gratitude into something more. As a special advisor to Alpha Natalia, Miss Cornelia can open the door of the Midnight Guardians pack for us. Or would you rather I approach those three females you assigned to me in advance? Will you handle the pack that never wanted anything to do with us while I already have a foot through the door?'
　　After a few seconds of silence, Alpha Edward responded, 'Stay with Miss Cornelia. Make us look good.'
　　'That's what I'm doing, father. Instead of jeopardizing my progress, I recommend you keep an eye on Nora. If she ends up in a dungeon again, I'm not going to be the one lowering myself so that she can be freed.'
　　Alpha Edward grumbled something, but James didn't care about it anymore.
　　James was fuming when his father approached them, and he had no idea how to get Cornelia away from Alpha Edward, but then Cornelia stepped up and humiliated the old guy. Did Alpha Edward realize that Cornelia looked down on him, and he let it happen? What kind of an Alpha would allow for such a scene to happen? His chocolate-colored Goddess is awesome!
　　James couldn't enjoy the show fully because now his father knew who Cornelia was. More than her looks, he also got her scent. If Alpha Edward gets a whiff of Cornelia's presence at the Red Moon pack, things will turn sour quickly.
　　James was spending his nights with Cornelia, and if Alpha Edward could pick up her scent on him, he would think that it was any woman, but now... James will need to shower well after leaving Cornelia's side. Maybe he should get a different shower gel.  
　　They were on the dancefloor now, and James and Cornelia turned to each other.
　　"I hope you can focus on me now. Others won't disturb us.", Cornelia said.
　　James agreed with this. He had no idea how tonight would end or the next three, but he knew that right then and there he was with Cornelia, and staying away from her was impossible.
　　"Put your hands on my shoulders."
　　Cornelia did as he asked, his hands landed low on her waist, and they started to sway to the music.
　　They didn't do more than one step left and right, but it was still wonderful because James' hands were on her, and they were close, in the middle of the people who danced, yet it seemed like they were alone. Finally.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 745 Alpha Natalia's special advisor (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 745 Alpha Natalia's special advisor (3) [Bonus chapter]
　　After Beta Milo from the Silverfur pack came to ask Cornelia to dance (and she rejected him), James' mood became unstable as he was fighting to control his wolf that craved violence.
　　James was gripping Cornelia's waist to the point of hurting, and she saw that he was on the verge of snapping.
　　At first, Cornelia wanted to scold him and tell him to stop being unreasonable, but a moment later, she realized that James grew up in a hostile environment that taught him people were sinister and always plotting something. In all that mess, she was his happy place, and he couldn't bear the possibility of losing her, even if it was only in his head.
　　How can she scold him for that?
　　Cornelia wanted to comfort him; to assure him that things will be alright and that no one can take her away, but how can she do that with all the audience? They needed to leave this party and find privacy.
　　"My leg is aching. Can you help me to my room?"
　　James' eyebrows shoot up. "Of course." 
　　He wanted to hold her hand or support her by wrapping his arm around her shoulders, but then he got an idea. "How bad is it?" 
　　"Oh, it's bad. I don't think I can dance anymore."
　　James' eyes flashed with mischief, and in the next moment, Cornelia was in his arms.
　　Cornelia panicked, and she would bury her face into his neck to hide, but he was carrying her princess style through the crowd that was watching them already, so she made a pitiful face while twisting her leg awkwardly.
　　Alpha Edward kept an eye on James, and he didn't miss the spectacle. He was about to ask James about the status, but then he heard James' voice in his head, 'Don't disturb me tonight unless it's an emergency.'
　　Alpha Edward frowned in the direction where James and Cornelia disappeared. From where did that confidence come from? Sure, James had his share of women, but that was only for fun, and Alpha Edward didn't care if James would transform those hookups into something more, but this was important!
　　Alpha Edward wanted a word with James, to give him advice or maybe swap places with him, but James had left already, and the only thing Alpha Edward could do was hope that James won't blow this opportunity.
　　Instead of going upstairs, James paused in the hallway and spoke to an Omega in a loud voice, "Can you get us some ice? Miss Cornelia hurt her ankle."
　　"Do you need me to call a pack doctor?"
　　James refused. "No need. After icing and rest, she will be fine. Get us some painkillers as well."
　　Omega didn't think anything was off. Based on James' physique and identity, Omega knew that James trained a lot. Werewolves who train are prone to injuries, and it would be normal to know first aid to some degree.
　　"I will bring those in a minute," Omega said and scurried away.
　　Cornelia looked at James gratefully. If they just went upstairs, people would think they were going to get frisky. And that was not wrong, but like this, thanks to James speaking loudly, at least a few people heard that Cornelia was hurt, and they will connect that as their reason for leaving.
　　Cornelia bit her lower lip to suppress her smile. Was he protecting her good reputation? Silly man. The only opinion she cared about was his.
　　Omega brought two icepacks and a bottle of pills, and Cornelia accepted them, still in James' arms.
　　She loved that he could carry her with ease, like she weighed nothing.
　　James wanted to take Cornelia into his room, but she gestured in the opposite direction.
　　"I'm in the secure wing," she said, and he didn't have any ions.
　　James closed the door behind them and took a split second to scan the room. It had one bed, an attached bathroom, a sofa, and a desk.
　　Cornelia thought he would take her to bed, but he moved toward the sofa.
　　James put her to sit there, and then he got on his knees.
　　Cornelia stared at him as he carefully removed her shoes, one by one. He looked at her feet for a moment before reaching for the right one that had a little swelling in the ankle area. 
　　He caressed her ankle gently while inspecting it visually.
　　For such an injury, a werewolf wouldn't need ice or medicine, but she was a witch, so he asked, "Does it hurt?"
　　When she didn't respond, James lifted his gaze to see her staring at him without blinking.
　　"Cora?"
　　"Yes?"
　　James started kneading her foot, and his index finger traced the grooves of her big toe, tickling her, but she didn't want him to stop.
　　"Do you like this?" He asked.
　　"Yes," she said, feeling a bit dazed. They were alone, and he was on his knees, tending to her injury like it was the most important thing in the world, and how could she not be affected?
　　Cornelia sucked in a breath when he put her toe into his mouth. His tongue moved over the pad of her toe, and she gripped the sofa's edge.
　　He wanted to lick her all over, starting from her toes, and he did.
　　James arranged kisses and licks, and he grazed her with his teeth while making his way up her leg. By the time he reached her knee, she was breathing heavily.
　　He loved that he had this effect on her, but what he loved even more was that she was allowing him to explore her freely, to touch her everywhere and see where her pleasure points were hiding. James had already discovered many spots that made her soft like clay for him to mold, but he knew there were more, many more, just for him to find.
　　James continued kissing and nipping her skin while pushing her skirt higher, and the scent of her arousal muddled his mind.
　　He pushed her panties to the side and touched her there.
　　"Fuck!" He cursed under his breath. She was wet and hot, and his, and he didn't bother with undressing her, for now.
　　James grabbed her hips and pulled her toward him, until she was sitting at the edge of the sofa.
　　Cornelia held her breath at the intensity with which he stared at the cradle of her thighs while spreading her legs as far as they go. No matter how many intimate moments they shared, he always looked at her with the hunger of a man who never tasted meat.
　　She saw him licking his lips as he leaned closer, and then he lapped at her love nectar with urgency, savoring her taste of wild berries, his favorite.
　　Cornelia fisted his hair and cried his name, desperate for a release he was happy to provide her with.
　　James smiled smugly when he lifted his head, and he licked her juices from his lips while looking at her disheveled appearance. When did she mess up her hair? It didn't matter.
　　He unbuttoned his pants impatiently, and the moment his erection sprang free, he was already pushing inside her. 
　　That was it, the Heaven he was looking for.
　　"I love you, Cora... only you... my only one..." He murmured while thrusting into her.
　　She gripped his shoulders and threw her head back to stare at the ceiling, happy to be with her mate, alone, just the two of them, just how nature intended it to be.
　　The party, Alpha Edward, three women who hoped James would return and give them his attention, and those nobodies who wanted to dance with Cornelia... none of those mattered anymore. 
###Chapter 746 The calm before the storm
Chapter 746 The calm before the storm
　　Alpha Maddox and Luna Tatiana were hosts, and they had many famous and powerful people in attendance. However, one person was the center of attention: Alpha Natalia Moonrider.
　　Alpha Natalia stepped into the limelight reserved for the most influential individuals of the werewolf society at the Council of the Alphas. At that time, she introduced herself as Talia Moonrider, but everyone accepted her name as Natalia. It was apparent that Talia was just a part of her name, and people assumed that whoever spread the news of her existence didn't hear it right the first time. She appeared out of nowhere, but considering the mysterious status of the Midnight Guardians pack, no one could find a fault in that.
　　Pretending not to notice many eyes on her, Talia immersed herself in dancing with Damon. There was so much meaning in how he held her firmly and guided her skillfully over the dancefloor. She hoped this could last forever.
　　They moved like one, without breaking eye contact, and only a blind person wouldn't notice the magnetic attraction between them.
　　Damon's aura was leaking as a warning to others not to get too close, and there was a circle devoid of people around them.
　　'I'm sure everyone thinks we are sleeping together,' Talia's voice sounded in Damon's mind through their private mind-link.
　　Damon's lips twitched into a smug smile. 'And they are not wrong.'
　　Talia exhaled helplessly. 'They think that you are cheating on your mate with me.'
　　Damon didn't care. 'As long as you know I am yours only, everything will be alright. But if anyone dares to say anything bad to you…'
　　He stopped talking because Talia burst into giggles.
　　'Who will dare to say anything bad to me?' Talia asked while looking around. As her gaze traveled over faces, heads dropped in submission.
　　'Do you see this?' Talia asked, 'They are bowing their heads, and I'm not even suppressing them.'
　　'I can see that. My woman is amazing,' Damon said without missing a beat. 'If you aren't my mate, even I would struggle against the urge to submit to you.' He really meant it.
　　Talia's eyes snapped to look at Damon. 'I am stronger. Is it because of your mark?'
　　Damon was not sure. 'It's possible. This is the first time you see so many high-ranking werewolves. Release some of your aura, to test the range and strength.'
　　Talia was tempted to test her power, but she didn't want to cause a commotion. 'You think this is a game.'
　　He looked at her like she had said something silly. 'But this IS a game, a game of power, and we are at the top, kitten.'
　　Being at the top reminded her that everyone was watching them. People would submit the moment they met Talia's gaze, but she knew that under that submission was fear and uncertainty. It was not difficult to guess that most of these people would try to get her on their side or backstab her if they got a chance, and that thought left her unsettled.
　　But above tangible hostility, there was one more point that made her nervous. Things were quiet, too quiet. How come no one approached her so far? Talia thought of trying out something.
　　"How about we get something to drink?" Talia suggested.
　　Damon's brows came together in disapproval as he shared his thoughts through their mind-link, 'You want to make yourself available.'
　　Talia didn't deny it. 'I came here as Alpha Natalia and not your Luna so that we see what will happen. Nothing will happen if we spend the evening dancing. Even if people don't think of us as mates, they see you as a wall they need to cross before reaching me.' She looked at him with admiration. 'And no one would dare to challenge you.'
　　Damon loved the praise, but he hated the idea of others coming close to Talia. However, he knew she was right. Backing out now would mean wasting the last few hours of their efforts to pretend that Talia was not his mate.
　　Reluctantly, Damon released Talia from his hold.  "Let's go to the bar."
　　The event hall connected to the garden; both were filled with tables where people were sipping drinks and munching snacks and desserts. Along the left wall of the event hall was a long bar behind which five Omegas were busy mixing drinks.
　　When Damon and Talia approached the bar area, people moved to give them space.
　　She sat on a barstool, and Damon stood next to her protectively.
　　Talia glanced over her shoulder at the silly Alpha, who glared at anyone brave enough to look their way.
　　'This won't do,' Talia said. 'How about you go and chat with someone? Or use a restroom?'
　　Damon grumbled something under his breath, and then he said, 'Sure. Let me just call Keith here.'
　　'No, no,' Talia was quick to refuse. Keith might not be so intimidating as Damon, but he was also protective. If people try to get close to her casually, Keith will make a big deal out of it.
　　'Give me ten minutes. Fifteen at most.' She pleaded.
　　'At least call some of your girlfriends.'
　　'Who will I call?' Talia asked. 'Everyone is celebrating,' with their mates mostly, 'and I don't want to ruin this for them. Besides, look where we are, this is Max's backyard, and no one will dare to do anything inappropriate.'
　　Damon was not willing, but he didn't want to push it. 'Ten minutes. Make that five. After that, I'm sticking to you whether you like it or not.'
　　'How can I not like it?'
　　Damon shook his head helplessly. 'I will keep an eye on you.' And then he moved away and disappeared out of her sight.
　　Talia waved at one bartender who was ready to take her order. She was not sure what to get, so she pointed at the pink cocktail that was further down the bar.
　　Talia could feel many eyes on her, and she wondered how long it would take for someone to approach her.
　　Damon made his way to where Keith was. Caleb and Lulu were in different locations, all three keeping their eyes on Talia. Damon approved.
　　'Do you want us to get closer?' Keith asked Damon through their mind-link.  
　　'No need,' Damon responded. There was a need, but Talia didn't want it. 'How is the night going? Anything suspicious?'
　　'Nothing really', Keith said. 'It feels like people are keeping their distance from the two of you on purpose. Do you think Alpha Maddox instructed that you shouldn't be disturbed?'
　　Damon thought about this for a moment. That was a possibility, but it didn't make sense. Why would Maddox do such a thing? Damon and Talia didn't come here to pretend they were untouchable; they only wanted to conceal Talia as Damon's mate.
　　Damon attended many events in the past, and no matter how grumpy he was, there was always someone bold enough to strike a conversation. This was different.
　　Their friends would engage in chat, and the neutral ones would keep their interaction to small pleasantries, but their enemies would use events like these to gather information and backstab them. Damon didn't like this. It was too quiet, almost like the calm before the storm.  
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 744 Alpha Natalia's special advisor (2)
Chapter 744 Alpha Natalia's special advisor (2)
　　Cornelia was worried about her high heels, but with her holding onto James' shoulders and moving slowly at the beat of the music, it was not so bad. Actually, she enjoyed it very much because it was with James.
　　"Will your father give you a hard time?" She asked.
　　James shook his head. "Don't worry about him. My mission for tonight is… you."
　　Cornelia's eyes widened. "Did your father ask you to charm me with your good looks?"
　　"What if he did?"
　　"Then, I look forward to being charmed. But you should tell him I'm not a woman who will be satisfied with just one night."
　　James chuckled, and he really wanted to kiss her, but he knew it wouldn't be appropriate. Damned party! He was glad that he didn't need to entertain random women, and that Cornelia was right there, close enough for him to inhale her addictive scent of wild berries, and he could hold onto her, yet it was not close enough.
　　"What is weighing on your mind, Jay?" Cornelia asked in a whisper.
　　He smiled sadly, her concern was genuine, and it touched his heart.
　　"Many things," he admitted. Mostly about the future and the two of them. He didn't want to spoil the mood, but the images of his father getting kissing Cornelia's hand were flashing in his mind, and he feared that Alpha Edward will take her away.
　　"Don't worry too much," she said. "Nature has a way of making things work. You were worried about this party, yet here we are, together, dancing."
　　James knew she was right, but… "Things don't always work out for the best."
　　"Nature is teaching us by providing situations where we get to learn and grow, and if the same challenge repeats, it means we didn't overcome it the previous time."
　　"You are saying that as long as I don't get rid of obstacles, this will keep repeating." The biggest obstacle being Alpha Edward.
　　Cornelia confirmed. "If you pay attention, you will notice that every next time, you are handling it with more confidence. Your experience taught you lessons you wouldn't know otherwise. On top of that, you are not alone."
　　He was not alone. James knew that she was talking about herself and all the other people they had befriended in the last few weeks; some of them were present at this event. Could he call them friends or allies? Would they help him if it meant jeopardizing their safety? That would be the time he needed them the most, yet he had a feeling that if things turned to worse, only Cornelia would stand by his side. And it was contradictory because in that case, he wouldn't want Cornelia with him; he would want her far away, where it was safe. If anything happened to Cornelia, he would go mad, and if she suffered because of him, it would make things so much worse.
　　Cornelia could feel his mood fluctuating again. She knew that James had a lot on his mind, it was a habit that allowed him to survive in harsh conditions, and her heart ached for him.
　　She wanted to comfort him, but how could she do that with all these people around?
　　"Excuse me..." A male voice drifted their way, and both Cornelia and James snapped to look at the middle-aged man.  
　　Cornelia had no idea who the man was, but James recognized him.  
　　"General Dalton," James called grimly. "What brings you here? Did Alpha Richard send you here to deliver a message for my partner or me?"
　　General Dalton's expression darkened. Why did James reduce him to a messenger? He decided to ignore James and focus on the person why he was there.
　　"Miss Cornelia, I wonder if I can have the honor of dancing with you."
　　Before she could respond, James asked her, "Do you know him?"
　　"I didn't get a chance to meet the gentleman."
　　James shook his head. "Miss Cornelia, you are too kind. A gentleman wouldn't interrupt two people dancing. This is General Dalton from the Steelbite pack. And it seems that he left his mate at home, otherwise, Melanie wouldn't allow him to approach you."
　　General Dalton couldn't believe this. "Don't twist this into something that is not."
　　"And what is it?" James sneered.  
　　"I just asked the lady for a dance with the hope that we can talk and get to know each other. There is nothing more to it." He turned to look at Cornelia. "I had no indecent thoughts."
　　Cornelia observed James, who had fire coming out of his eyes. Her mate was possessive, and she liked it very much.  
　　"I apologize, General Dalton," Cornelia said. "But I am dancing with young Alpha James, and we were in the middle of a conversation. If you still wish to dance with me later, you can approach me when I'm at the table."
　　General Dalton forced a smile and, "Of course. Pardon my intrusion." And then he turned on his heel and walked away.  
　　Cornelia smiled at James, who was still glaring in the direction where General Dalton disappeared.  
　　"If you act like that, people will suspect something," she said.  
　　James' eyes flashed at her. "Should I step to the side and let him take you?"
　　"No. But you should let me reject him."
　　James liked her answer, but he was still pouting.  
　　How come no one interrupted Damon and Talia? Damon was too strong, and no one dared to cut in, while James was just a fledgling. He needed to get stronger and do it quickly, or someone might snatch Cornelia away from him!
　　Thinking about how to pacify her mate, Cornelia said,  "I have a feeling that soon my ankle will get worse, and I will need help from someone to escort me to my room."
　　James was not sure if her injury was really worsening or if she was just playing, so he had to ask, "How bad is it?"
　　"It won't get better for a long time. Probably until morning."
　　Now he knew she was joking. "It will be a pity for such a beautiful woman to spend the night alone. I will be honored to give you company as you heal, Miss Cornelia."
　　"I will hold you to your word, young Alpha James."
　　He wished that she held much more than just his word. And she will. Soon.
　　Cornelia noticed James frowning while looking at the left side of her neck, realizing that's where his mark is. She covered it up with makeup, and he didn't like it.
　　"I'm sorry", she said.
　　James was surprised by this apology. "What? Why?"
　　"Because I… covered it up."
　　He pressed his lips into a line. "It is I who should be apologizing."
　　It was Cornelia's turn to be confused. "Why would you apologize?"
　　He leaned closer and spoke softly, "If I'm not this weak, there wouldn't be a reason for you to cover it up."
　　"Please, don't blame yourself," she quickly said, the guilt was gnawing on her insides. Now that he was looking at her sadly, she wondered why she hid that mark in the first place.
　　"Jay," she called. "Remember what I said about nature giving us challenges and teaching us lessons? Think of this as one of those. Next time, I won't cover it up."
　　James' heart expanded at the sincerity his chocolate-colored Goddess was encouraging him to stay strong. She was wise, and her words touched his soul, and no one ever coaxed him so gently yet with so much strength.
　　But James didn't want the next time because he wanted to figure out the mess with his father and to come up with something that would allow him to be with Cornelia, without hiding.
###Chapter 747 An instigator
Chapter 747 An instigator
　　Talia was sitting at the bar and mixing her pink cocktail with the tiny umbrella while wondering how much time had passed. Was it too obvious that she made herself available on purpose? Was that why no one had approached her so far?
　　"Alpha Natalia," a male voice got her attention, and Talia perked up. Someone took the bait!  
　　"I am Beta Milo from the Silverfur pack. I wonder if you remember me."
　　Talia was pleased that someone had made a move. "Of course, I remember you, Beta Milo. We met at the Council of Alphas."
　　"It's an honor." He looked around. "I don't see your Beta here."
　　"Betas," Talia corrected him. "Meg and Kai are enjoying this event. It is a party." Talia was itchy to skip the useless chit-chat. "What brings you here?"
　　Beta Milo shifted on his feet awkwardly. "This is about my daughter."
　　Talia didn't get it. "Your daughter?"
　　"Yes, my daughter, Jade. I'm not sure if you got a chance to meet her."
　　Talia needed a moment to connect the dots.
　　Jade… the Silverfur pack… Beta's daughter… Jade... JADE!
　　Jade was the latest on the long list of females who dared to come to the Dark Howlers pack with the intention of claiming Damon as hers!  
　　'Kitten? Do you want me to handle him?'
　　Damon's voice pulled Talia out of her thoughts. 'No need. Unless he is hostile, let me talk to him. Please.'
　　'Feel free to provoke him into hostility. I'm ready to beat him into submission and make this party more memorable.'
　　Talia bit the inside of her cheek to prevent herself from smiling. Beta Milo will think she was flirty! 
　　Where were they? Oh, yes, he brought up Jade, the wretched woman who was now doing hard work at the Dark Howlers pack with Omegas, and the WW Magazine published an article about it. But if Talia said she was familiar with that, it might be suspicious. After all, why would the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack bother with gossip about the daughter of a Beta from another pack?
　　"No. I didn't meet your daughter, Beta Milo. Is she here? Do you plan to introduce us?" Talia asked.
　　"I wish," he said. "Jade could learn a lot from you, but unfortunately, she is being detained in the Dark Howlers pack."
　　"Detained?"
　　Beta Milo nervously looked around. "Pardon my crude choice of words. Officially, she is there doing charity work, but I know that's not my Jade. She is there against her will. Her agent called to tell me that she missed her latest fashion show, and Jade would never miss those. I tried talking to Alpha Damon about Jade's situation, but he refused to answer my calls. Something is wrong. I know it. Please, as a female, you should understand. She is my only child, not used to harsh conditions."
　　Talia's eyes widened when she understood where this was going. "You want me to talk to Damon about your daughter."
　　"If it's not too inconvenient…"
　　"What's in it for me?" Talia cut him off impatiently. 
　　He looked at her in disbelief. "What do you want?"
　　"Surely you know that Alpha Damon and I are on good terms. However, our relationship is rather new and fragile. If I'm going to ask for a favor, it won't come for free."
　　Beta Milo swallowed hard. "Can you at least find out why she was detained and her current circumstances? Based on that, we can negotiate further."
　　Talia leaned closer and spoke in a low voice. "Your daughter is detained because she crossed Alpha Damon's bottom line."
　　His eyes flashed. "So, you know about it!"
　　Talia shrugged. "Yes and no. I don't know because I have never heard of your daughter, but it's not difficult to deduct that considering her status, if she was detained, she offended Alpha Damon enough for him not to worry about offending you. I'm sure you heard recent rumors."
　　"What rumors?"
　　"About the females that were imprisoned and disappeared because they dared to insult his Luna. Do you know why your daughter went there? Was it an official function, a social visit, or did she go there to seduce him?"
　　Beta Milo's expression stiffened.
　　Talia made a face. The old guy not only knew, but he probably encouraged her to do her best and get into Damon's bed. Bastards! They were all in this together, set to take Damon away from her!  
　　"Beta Milo," Talia called. "Are you aware that you are looking at the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack? Is my title worthless in your eyes? I wonder what gave you the courage to speak to me openly about going against my ally in order to save a random woman. It would be different if you offered me some compensation, yet you thought I would do it because I am a woman. Is the Silverfur pack so misogynic?"
　　Beta Milo's lips were moving, but no sound came out. What came out of him were beads of sweat that covered his body, making him look like he had just come out of a shower. His whole body shook as he bent awkwardly under Talia's pressure.
　　"You should think before you talk, Beta Milo. Is your Alpha aware you are here, instigating me to work against the Dark Howlers pack? Do I look like an easy target to manipulate? Is it my age or gender that gives you the courage to look down on me?"
　　Beta Milo saw dark spots, and he was sure someone had turned off the lights. "That's not what I'm…"
　　"What are you trying to do? You are old enough to know that your actions might provoke a war." Talia sneered. "You are lucky that this is a party, and I don't want to ruin it for Alpha Maddox and his Luna. Your Alpha will hear from me."
　　Talia slid from the barstool and walked out while ignoring all shocked gazes directed her way.
　　She knew that she exaggerated, but she was royally pissed that the man came with a request for Talia to speak up for Jade, a woman who called her Omega just because she was holding a tray with food, a woman who came to seduce Damon while pretending there was some deal between them. Shameless!
　　She needed a moment to calm down, so Talia decided to go into the section of the garden that was not set up with tables and chairs and not illuminated with fairy lights. It's not like she needed lights to see anyway.
　　Talia found an unoccupied bench nestled between two rose bushes, and she sat there searching for solitude. Looking around, Talia realized that the bench was quite hidden. Should she call Damon and steal some kisses? Sneaking around sounded exciting, and she could use his proximity. Where was he? Would he let her come out here on her own?  
　　Talia was about to mind-link Damon when she heard rapid steps approaching. Her head snapped that way to see a child running toward her. It was a boy, about six-to-seven years old, with a head full of short blonde hair. He wore black pants and a white shirt, dressed up for a party.
　　Talia thought it was kids playing, but his expression showed distress.
　　The boy zoomed past Talia, leaped over the bench, and squatted between rose bushes.
　　He was breathing heavily, but he managed to whisper, "Please, don't tell them I'm here. I will make it up to you."
###Chapter 748 Damon's competition
Chapter 748 Damon's competition
　　Talia wondered who would chase a boy that obviously belonged to this party. Did he make some mischief? Did he see something he shouldn't have? Or were baddies after him?  
　　Talia's every next possibility was more dangerous and her head whipped in the direction from where more hurried steps were heard.  
　　Talia looked incredulously at the three girls that came into view; they wore fancy dresses and had neat hair. None of them could be more than ten years old, and Talia wondered if they were also being chased by someone.
　　The three girls stopped to talk to Talia.
　　"Aunty, did you see a pretty boy?" One girl asked.
　　Talia realized that the girls were looking for the boy who was behind the bench. Were they his friends? Should she expose him? She decided against it. "I am here for a while, and I didn't see a boy."
　　The girls exchanged dejected expressions and then continued to follow the path with urgency.
　　Talia craned her neck to see the boy squatting behind the bench. "They are gone now; you can come out."
　　His head peeked out, and then he climbed over the bench.
　　Talia looked at the little man straightening his shirt with, "Girls are pretty. Men are handsome. They are stupid." He had black shoes, black dress pants, a white shirt, and a green necktie.
　　He ran his hand through his hair several times and then turned toward Talia. "Thank you. I will reward you generously."
　　Now she was confident that those girls were chasing him.
　　Talia thought he was adorable, and she wanted to pinch his cheeks. She took a double take at his face that was scratched by the thorny bushes where he hid, and then she realized from where she recognized him. "Are you Ashton, Alpha Cristian's son?"
　　Alpha Cristian, Luna Michelle, young Alpha Ashton, General Jordan, and General Allen arrived together, but there was a commotion when Jordan and Lidia Wilkow recognized each other as mates, and the boy left into the area where the youngsters were playing, so Talia didn't interact with him.
　　The boy lifted his chin smugly and confirmed. "I am Ashton Pascal, the future Alpha of the Spring Leaf pack. What is your name, pretty lady?"
　　Talia smiled at the boy, who already knew how to flatter a female. Those manners, combined with the attitude and handsome physique that his Alpha bloodline will provide when he grows up, he will definitely be a heartbreaker. 
　　"My name is Natalia. Come here."
　　She helped straighten his shirt and necktie, and then she took a moment to scan their surroundings. No one was there.
　　"Can you keep a secret?" Talia asked, and he nodded. Talia placed her hands close to his cheeks, and her palms lit up in silvery light, helping the scratches on his face disappear within a second.
　　Ashton's eyes widened at the warm and soothing sensation that lingered on his face, and he reached to touch his cheek. "You are a fairy," he said breathily.
　　Talia put her index finger over her lips, indicating how that was a secret, and he nodded fervently.
　　"Why were those girls chasing you?" Talia asked.
　　"Apparently, it's a problem when one is this handsome."
　　"PFT!" Talia burst into laughter. He spoke with a straight face like it was a totally normal thing. Well, he was cute, and he probably will be handsome… in about a decade.
　　Ashton narrowed his eyes at her. "Are you laughing at me?"
　　"No, no. I am laughing at those girls who were chasing you, thinking that they can outrun and outsmart a future Alpha."
　　He scrutinized her for a moment before nodding in agreement. "I like you. You will be my Luna."
　　"Aren't I too old for you?"
　　"You can't be more than sixteen years old. When I am twenty, you will be thirty, and that won't be much of a difference. I can see that your sight is good, you helped me when I was facing a crisis, and you are pretty. I will take you."
　　A growl came from the side, and Talia didn't need to look to know it was Damon.
　　"How dare you seduce a taken woman?" Damon spoke in a dangerously low voice.
　　Ashton's eyes moved to Damon. "Alpha Damon, people are saying that you left your Luna at home. Why don't you go to her and leave my Natalia to me?"
　　Talia couldn't believe that Damon's hostility was rising. "He is just a child."
　　"A child who wants to take you away. I don't discriminate based on age."
　　Talia gaped at Damon, unsure if he was joking. Why did it look like she was stuck between two kids fighting over a toy? And she was the toy!
　　Ashton stood in front of Talia and faced Damon. "Did you come here to bully me because you are bigger? Sure, you can hit me now, but I will get back at you when I get older. However, no matter what you do, Natalia will be my Luna. You can't stop true love. It is only a matter of… Ahh!"
　　Talia grabbed the child and put him to sit next to her on the bench in order to prevent him from provoking the big bad wolf. "Uncle Damon was just joking. He fears that you are too young for things like love and picking your Luna."
　　"I am serious. You will be my Luna."
　　Talia shook her head at the silly child. "Don't you know that an Alpha should take as his Luna his fated mate?"
　　Ashton pouted. "I am too young to confirm you are my mate. When I am of age, my wolf will confirm it. Don't tell me that you have a mate because you are not of age either."
　　That reminded Talia that she put makeup to cover up Damon's mark.
　　"What if I could sense my mate, and I marked him already?" Talia asked.
　　Ashton's eyes widened. "That will only make you more special. I will introduce you to my parents. I'm sure they will approve."
　　Talia wanted to respond, but instead of words, a surprised cry left her lips. "Ahh!" Damon lifted her from the bench and held her in his arms, away from Ashton's reach.
　　"Say that again, I dare you," Damon growled at the boy.
　　Ashton stood up and pointed his little finger at Talia while glaring at Damon. "Put my future Luna down. You are bullying her!" And then he kicked Damon in the shin.
　　Damon gritted his teeth while wondering how to punish the stinky boy.
　　Talia looked down helplessly. "He is a child, Damon." She couldn't believe that she needed to remind Damon of that fact.
　　"Is our boy causing you trouble?" A female voice came from the side, and they saw Alpha Cristian and Luna Michelle approaching them.
　　"Ashton is a darling," Talia responded. "The trouble is coming from another boy."
　　Damon frowned at Talia, and he lowered her in slow motion, careful to place her in such a way so that he was between Talia and Ashton.
　　"Mother, father," Ashton addressed them in an official tone. "I decided who will be my Luna."
　　"You did?" Luna Michelle asked.
　　Ashton nodded seriously. "I asked Natalia to be my Luna, and she accepted. She meets all my criteria. Let me introduce you officially…"
　　Alpha Cristian and Luna Michelle looked at Damon nervously, and Talia would laugh if Damon was not on the verge of snapping.
###Chapter 749 Damon's competition (cont.)
Chapter 749 Damon's competition (cont.)
　　"Please, don't mind him," Luna Michelle said to Damon and Talia, unsure if it was alright to smile at Ashton's silly antics in front of Damon's furious expression. "Come on, Ashton. It's time to go home."
　　"You are not staying overnight?" Talia asked.
　　Alpha Cristian responded, "The drive is not long, and I need to handle a few matters in the morning. If schedule allows it, we will return tomorrow or the next day."
　　Ashton was not willing to part with Talia. He ignored Damon and stood in front of Talia, craning his neck so that he could look at her.
　　"Come with me!" Ashton demanded. "My room is big enough for both of us."
　　Talia's eyebrows shot up in surprise. The boy was decisive. "That is very generous of you, but I can't come. I have work to do here."
　　Ashton pouted. "When will I see you again?"
　　Talia thought how he was adorable. She would hug him if not for the fear that Damon might blow a fuse and harm the kid. "Soon."
　　"Will you come to my birthday?"
　　Talia squatted to get down on his level. "I will."
　　His eyes widened. "Really?"
　　"Yes. Your mom and dad were kind to invite me. How about you use this chance to tell me what you want as a present?"
　　"You will be my present!" Ashton exclaimed excitedly. Before Talia could react, Ashton kissed her cheek. "You promised to come to my party. I will be waiting."
　　"Who will you be waiting for?" Damon grumbled while pulling Talia to stand up. If Ashton was not a snotty kid, he would be a meat paste. How dares he surprise-kiss Talia!?
　　"I will be waiting for my future Luna, and that's not you," Ashton said to Damon defiantly. "If you want to come, you better bring something big."
　　Damon couldn't believe this. "Do you know how to spell death?"
　　Talia wrapped her arms around Damon in an attempt to pacify her devil. "Is it OK if Uncle Damon and I come together?"
　　Ashton thought about it intently before responding, "That will be fine also. I see that Uncle Damon is protective of you. He can ensure no man gets close to you, like a guard." He turned to Alpha Cristian. "Dad, can you compensate Uncle Damon for his efforts? He will protect my Luna until I'm big enough to do it myself."
　　"Sure, sure, we will pay him. If you keep on talking like that, we will need to pay more than we can afford," Alpha Cristian said while pulling Ashton up and putting the boy to sit on his shoulders.
　　Alpha Cristian turned to Talia and Damon. "Sorry about this. Kids can be a handful."
　　"No need to apologize," Talia responded right away. "Ashton was like a breath of fresh air at this party."
　　After exchanging goodbyes, Alpha Cristian, Luna Michelle, and Ashton left.
　　Talia sat on the bench and patted the spot next to her, indicating for Damon to join her.
　　Now that they were hidden among bushes, Damon had no intention of sitting next to Talia. He pulled her to sit on his lap.
　　Damon closed his eyes and took a moment to relish the feeling of Talia's body pressing on his. It felt like ages since they had been that close, and he loved that she leaned on him completely.
　　"I want us to have only girls," Damon grumbled. "Sons like those will make me go bald. I don't want to share you with another male."
　　Talia didn't want to argue. Damon was acting like a baby, and there was no point in talking about it.
　　Talia had a question, "What took you so long?" She came to this part of the garden boldly because she thought that Damon will be right behind her.
　　Damon hesitated with answering, and then he decided to go with the truth. She will probably find out anyway.
　　"My view of Beta Milo bowing to you in submission was obstructed by two females."
　　Talia's eyes flashed dangerously, and she noticed that Damon didn't use their names, which meant they were random women coveting Damon.
　　"Did they touch you? Who were they? How long did you talk to them?" Talia started raining questions.
　　"It doesn't matter who they were." He forgot their names anyway. "There was no touching, and I spoke with them a few minutes. I thought that someone had sent them, but when I realized they were just flirty, I scared them away. Keith was watching over you. Remind me to punish him for allowing you to get engaged in my absence."
　　Talia didn't react to Damon's jokes about engagement and punishing Keith (if those were jokes). She was focused on the part about how Keith was watching over her. Before healing Ashton's scratches, Talia scanned the surroundings and found no one. "Are you sure that Keith was watching over me?"
　　Damon confirmed. "When you left the event hall, Keith was right behind you. His instructions were to give you space but to be close enough if anything suspicious happens. He mind-linked me that some kids were approaching and that you used your ability, and he told me where to find you. Didn't I tell you not to use your abilities? What if the kid talks? Oh right… he won't spill your secrets because he has a crush on you and thinks you will be his Luna…"
　　While Damon grumbled, Talia was thinking about Keith's whereabouts when she was scanning the surroundings. If he knew about the kids and her using ability, he was in visual range. How come she didn't detect him? Talia could clearly feel the energies and even the smallest lifeforms. Was her ability faulty, or was there something else to it?
　　Talia snapped out of her thoughts when Damon tightened his hold on her.
　　"When can we go to our room? Guests started leaving. Do we need to stay last?"
　　"Not last, but let's make an appearance at our table," Talia said.
　　Damon pouted. "Your friends are with their mates, and others don't care." It would be more accurate to say that he didn't care about others. The whole evening he kept his hands to himself, and then that stinky boy pushed his buttons, and Damon needed comforting.
　　"It doesn't matter if others care. We should do what's right," Talia said. She puffed her cheeks when she remembered, "What was the point of us hiding my identity if no one took the bait? It seems it was for naught."
　　"Don't say that. This is only the first day. People are watching."
　　Talia was not sure if she should be happy about this or scared. "You think they will make their move tomorrow?"
　　Damon shrugged. "Tomorrow, next week, next month, next year. If they have enough patience, they will take their time to befriend you, wait for you to lower your guard, and then they will strike."
　　Talia's insides churned. Damon's words were grave, and she knew he was not exaggerating; he was talking from experience. 
　　"I have no intention of hiding my identity for so long." She put her palm on his cheek. "I want everyone to know I'm yours."
　　Damon turned his head and kissed the inside of her palm. He wanted that as well.
　　"Kiss me," she demanded. "Give me a dose of Damon before we return to the party."
　　"I'm not sure I can stop at kissing."
　　She was not sure if she could stop at kissing either, but… "I need to feel you, at least on my lips. It will keep me going until we reach our room."
　　Damon hummed lowly as he closed the distance between them, and Talia inhaled his breath greedily.
###Chapter 750 Lulu's help
Chapter 750 Lulu's help
　　When Damon and Talia returned to their table, they found it unoccupied.
　　Maya and Caden were on the dancefloor, and Talia was unsure if they had taken any breaks from dancing. The Beta couple was visibly excited about the upcoming heat, and Talia was touched that they didn't question her source of that information.
　　James, Cornelia, Meg, and Kai went to their rooms, and it was not farfetched to think they won't be seen until tomorrow.
　　Damon and Talia sipped their drinks while chatting thoughts through their private mind-link. Damon would point out people and share their backgrounds, and Talia listened with interest. The duo would also use their super-hearing to eavesdrop on other people talking.
　　Alpha Edward was at the table with Alpha Richard and Alpha William. Talia was surprised about them not doing more than greetings when they passed nearby, but Damon told her that all three of them would be here for the next day or two, so they were probably waiting for the audience to thin out before they approached Alpha Natalia of the Midnight Guardians pack.
　　Alpha Cristian, Alpha Peter, Alpha Patrick, and Alpha Robert left the Blue River pack that evening. Each of them left behind a few of their people as representatives for the next two days.
　　One of the people who stayed behind was General Jordan from the Spring Leaf pack. General Jordan was not planning to stay longer than one evening, but considering that he didn't show his face since he and Lidia Wilkow went into the packhouse, Alpha Cristian had no choice but to leave him a message to return whenever he was done with his… business.
　　Among gossip, Damon and Talia heard that Nora disappeared with a high-ranking member of the Steelbite pack. They didn't need to guess what that was about.
　　Maddox approached Damon and Talia; his wobbly steps were a giveaway he was drunk.
　　"Sorry for neglecting you," Maddox said. His steady voice didn't match the drunken haze in his eyes, but the grin on his face was impossible to ignore.
　　Maddox didn't want to drink so much, but people lined up to congratulate him while toasting for his Luna and his pup, and he couldn't refuse.
　　"Don't worry about it," Talia was quick to respond. "You have a lot to celebrate. Enjoy, Max. We are happy for you and Tanya."
　　Maddox smiled gratefully and swayed a bit while saying, "Alright. I will catch up with you later." And then he walked back to the table where Tatiana was surrounded by people.
　　Talia never saw Maddox drunk like that, but he didn't stand out because many people laughed and talked loudly. It was a party, and the mood was good.
　　Talia wondered if Damon would be with Maddox, drinking and having fun, if not for her presence and the danger that loomed over their heads. She hoped that he won't blame her for missing out. Should she just tell him to go and enjoy it, and she will be okay? She could join Tatiana and a group of women there, but they were all from Wilkow and River families, and Talia would be an outsider. She could take a walk or just stay at their table. How dangerous could that be? The party was ongoing for hours, and nothing happened.
　　Talia pressed her lips into a line when she remembered how Damon said this deceptive peace could last a week or a month… what if it's years? Will she need to live for so long with this lump of anxiety in her stomach?
　　Talia jolted when someone sat at the table, one chair away from Damon. It was Lulu.
　　'Why are you here?' Damon asked Lulu through their mind-link.
　　Lulu had an instinct to shrink in front of Damon, but she gathered her courage to respond, 'If you plan to get people to approach you, you need to be approachable, Alpha. As of now, you and Luna look like a couple, and not a legal one. Unless you start mingling with others, no one will dare to talk to you or Luna.'
　　'Did something happen?' Talia's voice sounded in Damon's head. She guessed that he and Lulu were mind-linking, and she hated that she couldn't join in that conversation.
　　'Lulu says that we look unapproachable, and she thinks that her presence will signal others that it's OK to talk to us.'
　　Talia thought for a moment before responding, 'She is right.'
　　"Thank you, Lulu," Talia said. "How are you finding the party?"
　　Lulu perked up when she saw that not only Talia spoke to her, but Damon relaxed as well. Keith told her not to meddle, but she thought that joining this table would be a good idea, and she was not wrong.
　　A few minutes later, two Alphas approached Damon and Talia to exchange pleasantries. Talia didn't meet them before because their packs were too small to participate in the Council of the Alphas, but Damon knew who they were. He told Talia through their private mind-link that two newcomers were usually neutral, keeping to themselves so that they don't provoke bigger packs, and some other helpful information that made her appear knowledgeable about other packs.
　　When the second group of people approached the table where Damon and Talia were, Lulu excused herself and returned to her position.
　　'What were you thinking?' Keith seethed at Lulu through their pack mind-link.
　　'Are you jealous that I got to sit with Alpha and Luna while you were watching? I think that a reporter took a picture of us. I might be in the next edition of the WW Magazine.'
　　'You are playing with fire, Lulu.'
　　'Stop making an issue when there is none. Alpha and Luna didn't to my presence, actually, I might get a reward.'
　　Keith didn't respond, but Lulu knew he was sulking.
　　Keith told her not to go there, mostly because he feared she would cause trouble. Damon and Talia didn't say anything about isolating Lulu, but they were all pressed by the fact that Lulu was the only one out of Talia's guards who didn't take a blood oath. Keith was aware that Damon had increased vigilance when it came to Lulu, and Keith feared that Lulu would end up in trouble for the smallest mistake. She won't dare to provoke Alpha Damon, but even an ambiguous situation can be blown out of proportion, and if any of the guards messes up stuff, it will come crashing on Keith.
　　Keith needed this job; he needed to keep an eye on Talia and ensure she was safe… even if he had to bear the sight of her being with another man.
　　Eventually, Damon and Talia decided to call it a night.
　　Talia left first, and Damon was a few minutes after her.
　　Talia was eager to remove the bridesmaid's dress and hit the shower. She was nearly done washing up when Damon joined her.
　　He smiled in approval when he saw her getting the shower gel for him.
　　"What do you think about tonight?" Damon asked while she was soaping his back.
　　"The party went well, but…"
　　"But?"
　　Talia released a long breath. "I don't know what I was expecting." It was a lie. She was hoping that baddies would jump out of the shadows, Damon and she will tackle them, and that would be the start of their happily ever after without any dangers.
###Chapter 751 An emergency signal (1)
Chapter 751 An emergency signal (1)
　　Damon looked at his adorably wet and naked mate in the shower, and he would pounce on her if not for her dejected expression that told him she needed comforting.  
　　He gently brushed soaking hair from her cheek that was stuck there.
　　"If you give in to your impatience, they win," Damon said.
　　Talia knew that Damon was right. Impatience could lead to failure. "I know. It's just… if not for Lulu, this evening would be a complete flop." She pressed her forehead on his chest. "I'm guilty of pushing Lulu away even though I said she doesn't need to take the blood oath. Lulu is one of our people. She is one of MY people, yet I acted per unfounded prejudice."
　　Damon wrapped his arms around Talia.
　　"The fact that she helped tonight doesn't mean she is not…"
　　"Stop," Talia interrupted him. "Don't say it. If you don't trust her, she wouldn't be my guard."
　　Damon nodded in agreement. Lulu trained hard and completed flawlessly too many missions for Damon to doubt her. The whole soccer team of the Dark Howlers pack was formed of elite warriors with a pristine track record. They would use the pretense of sports events to move around, gather information, and execute covert tasks.
　　"She must have her reasons," Talia said. "Instead of asking for an explanation, we assumed that she was hiding something, and I hate it. I hate the idea of an oath where others' lives depend on if they are ready to become my shields. They should watch themselves first. Everyone should."
　　Damon pressed his lips on Talia's forehead. "That's what makes you a great Luna and an even better Alpha." She didn't see herself as better when compared to others.
　　"I'm sure that Lulu noticed we were wary of her, and she still came to help us tonight. I don't want to hear that she helped us with an ulterior motive. I will talk to Lulu. Tomorrow." Talia said with resolve. "This will be cleared up, and we can all be friends again."
　　"If you say so." Damon was not confident that just a talk would fix anything, but it was a start.
　　Talia looked up at Damon and pouted. "I think that pretending we were not mates was a mistake. I wanted to show up at the party with you, just as Cristian and Michelle came, holding each other. I want people to know we are inseparable."
　　Damon's eyes fell on the left side of Talia's neck that showed his mark now because she had removed the makeup. He put his index finger there and traced the edges, knowing that the light touch was sending electric currents down her body.
　　The way her eyes fluttered to close made his cock lurch painfully. His kitten was ready for him.
　　"We talked about this before, kitten. The less they know, the more advantage we have. But I also want you to keep in mind that we can stop this charade anytime. Just say the word, and I will shout from the rooftops that you are mine."
　　Talia looked up at him, her eyes were cloudy from desire.
　　"Make love to me, Damon."
　　He had no ions.
　　…
　　'Piiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!'
　　A loud high-frequency noise made Damon and Talia jolt out of their sleep.
　　Talia pressed her hands over her ears, but it didn't help much.
　　"What is this!?" Talia shouted at Damon.
　　He was off the bed and grabbing his jeans to put them on.
　　"It's an emergency signal we use when humans are present. They can't hear it."
　　Talia was alarmed. "An emergency? What kind of an emergency?"
　　"I don't know. I'm going to check with Max."
　　"Wait! I'm coming!"
　　Urgent knocks were heard on the door, and Meg's voice sounded in Talia's head, 'Are you alright?'  
　　'Yes, yes… there is an emergency. Damon and I are going to see what's going on…'
　　By the time Talia and Damon got out of the room, they met Keith, Caleb, Lulu, Meg, and Kai in the hallway. They all headed toward the commotion on the main floor. In the lobby, they found Max, Tatiana, Tony, Kalina, Beta Oliver, James, Cornelia, Maya, Caden, and a few other people.
　　"Stay in your rooms and let us handle this," Maddox said while waving toward the stairs, frustrated that no one listened and that his head was still woozy from all the drinking.
　　Alpha Edward, Luna Layla, and a few others were coming down the stairs, and Maddox turned to talk to them. "It's an internal thing. We will take care of it. There is no need to cause commotion and alert humans who are staying here." The group on the stairs paused, and then they returned to their rooms.
　　James pretended not to notice eye signals from Alpha Edward, and he shut down the mind-link so that he couldn't hear whatever his father wanted to say.
　　"What is going on?" Damon asked when it was just their group left in the hallway.
　　"Rogues," Beta Oliver responded. "Our patrols in the North-West area were attacked and are asking for reinforcements. The teams that went there are reporting a high number of intruders. We will  head there to verify the situation."
　　"What's in there?" Talia asked Beta Oliver.
　　"Shelters."
　　Talia didn't get it. "Why would they attack shelters?"
　　It was Tatiana who responded. "They are rogues. Our shelters have food, clothes, and other supplies. It's not the first time. We will handle it."
　　Maddox looked at Tatiana with admiration. She was acting like a real Luna, which she was. But she was pregnant, so Maddox advised, "Stay here and ensure our special guests are not alerted."
　　Tatiana knew that 'special guests' were humans.
　　"Don't you think it's strange they are attacking on the night when a major event was organized here?" Talia asked.
　　"That is exactly why they would attack now," James said from the side. "There are humans here, and even though rogues don't want to risk exposure, they know that we won't risk it either. Humans present are associated with the Blue River pack, and Alpha Maddox won't put them in danger. That means the warriors will split up to defend the shelters, pursue the intruders, and guard the packhouse. And also, with the party just finished, we have a lot of drunk people whose reaction times are messed up."
　　At this last comment, almost everyone looked at Maddox, whose messy hair didn't help portray a reliable Alpha.
　　Maddox's eyes lost focus for a moment, and he cursed under his breath. He gave Tatiana a quick kiss. "Our warriors are guarding the packhouse. I need you safe. Stay here, for yourself and for our pup."
　　Tatiana didn't like Maddox leaving, and she didn't like that he was not sober, but she also got the mind-link that they had casualties, which was NOT acceptable. As an Alpha, he had to go.
　　"Take care," Tatiana pleaded. There were so many emotions and warnings behind those two words, and she hoped that Maddox got them all.
　　"I will go with him," Damon volunteered, and then he turned to Talia. "Stay with Tanya."
　　Talia's eyes were wide as saucers, and her heart thundered wildly. She didn't know the details, but it involved danger, and Damon wanted them to separate?
　　"I'm also coming," she said sternly. Seeing that Damon was about to , Talia reminded him, "I am Alpha Natalia Moonrider, and you can't tell me to stay back."
###Chapter 752 The ugly future
Chapter 752 The ugly future
　　Damon looked at Talia helplessly. Her stubborn expression told him that this won't be easy.
　　"You are Alpha Natalia Moonrider," he confirmed. "I am not telling you to stay back on a whim. We can't have all Alphas going on the field and leaving this place unguarded. Tanya is pregnant and shouldn't use her aura. There are only a few Alphas present we can trust. You might think that us being here is more than enough to ensure everyone's safety, but the packhouse is large and full of guests, and some of them might be hostile. If anything happens, you can protect everyone in this packhouse."
　　"Why can guys go while women stay behind?" Talia protested. 
　　"Maya will come."
　　"Maya and who else?" Talia asked. "Is any male staying behind?"
　　Damon made a face. "Tony will join us as a good practice of what he learned with us during training, and Kalina will stay with her pregnant sister and the rest of her family."
　　"Damon is right," James said. "I will also go. The more of us get out there, the faster the situation will be resolved, and we will minimize casualties."
　　"You should stay here, young Alpha James," Beta Oliver said. "If anything happens to you, we won't be able to explain it to Alpha Edward." He didn't trust anyone from the Red Moon pack.
　　Instead of responding to him, James looked at Damon. "I need to go. You know why."
　　Damon stared at James blankly, and he snapped to his senses when Talia spoke into his mind, 'Marcy is here.'
　　"Riiiiight," Damon said. He forgot about Marcy. Considering that Alpha Edward and Luna Layla were in the guestroom on the second floor, if this incident exposed Marcy, they would have a whole new shitshow on their hands. And James could prevent it.
　　"James will come with us," Damon confirmed.
　　Beta Oliver couldn't believe this. Since where was Damon friendly with anyone from the Red Moon pack?
　　James kissed Cornelia's cheek, and he spoke softly into her ear, "Cora, you stay here with Alpha Natalia, and don't use your powers."
　　Cornelia nodded obediently and gave him a quick kiss.
　　James knew that she agreed too quickly, but he didn't have time to convince her further.
　　James removed his shirt and gave it to Cornelia with, "Keep it for me when I return." As soon as they reach the cover of the forest, they will shift into wolf forms, and he didn't want to tear that shirt.
　　Talia was still processing Damon's words about how she should stay in the packhouse while he was out there fighting rogues. She knew that Damon's words made sense, but she couldn't agree with him either.
　　Talia stared at Damon, who discussed details with Beta Oliver, Caden, Maya, Tony, James, Kai, and Maddox.
　　Other than confirming where they would be heading, Damon was coordinating to ensure that things were calm in the Dark Howlers pack and the Spring Leaf pack. Those two packs combined borders with the Blue River pack, and a breach in security in any of them could cause trouble for the others.
　　Talia could feel the darkness gripping her heart. Somehow, every time they parted, she feared it might be their last one, and now there was danger, rogues... and she could see him in the forest with wolfsbane laced knife in his abdomen as the past replayed in her mind.  
　　Talia turned to Keith. "Keith, you and guys stay close to Damon."
　　"They will stay here to protect you," Damon said right away.
　　Talia shook her head. "The trouble is where you are going. Isn't that why you are telling me to stay here where it's safe?" She continued through their mind-link, 'I know you fear I will use my abilities and get exposed, and I can accept that. But if you want me to stay where it's safe, I want them to go with you and watch your back.'
　　Damon puffed his cheeks. 'They are your guards!'
　　'No, they are not. Alpha Natalia came with Cornelia, Meg, and Kai. Keith, Caleb, and Lulu are part of your party. Besides, didn't you hear that the more people go there, the faster the situation will be resolved? They are capable warriors. Take them with you.'
　　After a moment of deliberation, Damon decided. 'Keith will stay here. The rest…'
　　'No, Damon,' Talia pleaded. 'Keith will go with you. It will make me feel better. Please. If one of them must stay, give me Lulu.'
　　With some people already walking out, Damon realized they were running out of time.
　　'Fine,' Damon agreed.
　　This time, they didn't care if anyone was watching. They hugged each other and kissed, and Talia released him with difficulty.
　　'Kitten,' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head as she watched him run into the darkness after Maddox, Tony, and Oliver, together with Caden, Kai, Keith, Caleb, and a few more figures. 'Stay close to Lulu. Don't leave the packhouse. Don't use your powers. Don't expose yourself. Someone is always watching, and I don't need to remind you that Alpha Edward is on the second floor...'
　　Talia would complain about all those restrictions if she didn't know that Damon only meant well.
　　"Alright," Tatiana said. "Since everyone is awake, how about some herbal tea to help us relax while we wait for this situation to be resolved?"
　　"How are casualties?" Meg asked. She needed to do something. Meg was a Beta and a capable warrior with the ability perfect for obliterating enemies, but she was pregnant, and she couldn't go there. She had never felt so useless.
　　Tatiana shook her head, indicating that it was not good. One life lost was too many. "The pack hospital is on alert, ready to treat injured, and… we will know more soon."
　　They all moved to the living room.
　　Tatiana sat between Kalina and Varya on the sofa. Cornelia, Meg, Talia, and Lulu were also there, and a few more people would occasionally come, including Omegas who were bringing snacks and drinks that no one touched.
　　Tatiana's eyes would lose focus every minute as she was getting updates, but the time was dragging as they all were tense while waiting to hear what was going on.
　　'You need to decide, girl,' Liseli's voice sounded in Talia's mind.
　　Talia could sense Liseli was on edge, but her wolf didn't speak so far.
　　'Decide on what?' Talia asked.
　　'Will you keep your abilities a secret and watch your loved ones get hurt, or will you jump into the fray and remove the dangers.'
　　Talia exhaled dejectedly. It's not like she was not wondering the same thing many times before, but it was always as something distant, in the future she was hoping will never come. Yet now the ugly future was here, staring her in the face, mocking her for sitting on that comfy sofa chair and doing nothing other than worrying about Damon and Maddox and Tony and James and many others who were out there risking their lives.
　　If she knew about the dangers lurking in the shadows, it would be an easy decision, but Damon warned her that without knowing who all was after them, she would only be stepping into the spotlight.
　　'So, what!?', Liseli growled. She was listening to Talia's thoughts. 'Step into the spotlight and obliterate them with sheer power. That's what we do. That's why we have this power!'
　　'Calm down, Liseli. I know you are worried about Sapa. I am worried about Damon also and this time… let's trust them.'
###Chapter 753 An emergency signal (2)
Chapter 753 An emergency signal (2)
　　"Mmm… what?" Marcy mumbled as someone shook her out of her sleep.
　　They were up late to watch the live stream of the event where Alpha Maddox and Luna Tatiana tied the knot, and then they watched the ceremony again before calling it a night.
　　Marcy was not sure how much she slept, but she knew that it was not long enough.
　　She opened her eyes to see a girl tugging on her hand vigorously. It was Jane.
　　"What's going on, Jane? You can't sleep? Did you have a bad dream?" Marcy asked.
　　Jane's expression showed panic, and she was pressing on her hears and then pointing at the door.
　　Marcy noticed that her two roommates were not there, and the messy beds showed they had left in a hurry. Something was wrong.  
　　"You want me to go out?" Marcy asked, and when Jane nodded, Marcy scrambled off her bed.
　　Marcy put on jeans and shoes and followed after Jane. The hallway was empty, but Marcy could hear muffled noise from outside.
　　"Come on!" An irritated male voice shouted from the end of the hallway. "Why are you still here? Get in the shelter! Didn't you hear the emergency signal?"
　　Marcy rushed with Jane toward the stairs, and she asked, "What signal?"
　　The man frowned at Marcy when he recognized her as Kim Dorsey, a female without her wolf. "No wonder you didn't hear the signal." Without her wolf, Marcy was like a human, which meant that she didn't hear the high-frequency signal.
　　He looked at Jane sternly. He saw her outside before, but the girl was looking around, and then she rushed back inside. He was the one assigned to come and get her, thinking that the crazy girl went to get something or maybe hide under a bed. If rogues come here, they can smell her within a second! When he saw Marcy with Jane, he realized that Jane had returned to get Marcy, and he couldn't scold her for that.
　　He moved to walk downstairs and shouted, "We are under attack. Get into the shelter! You should know the procedure! Why are you lingering here? Do you expect us to carry you?"
　　His eyes lost focus for a moment, and he cursed under his breath as his brisk walk turned into a full run, and he disappeared through the main door.
　　Marcy's adrenaline shot up as she realized that this was real. There was danger, they were under attack, and she needed to hide. Where was the shelter? Right… there was one underground shelter with several entry points, and the closest one was less than a minute away in the forest.
　　Marcy looked at Jane, who was clutching her hand nervously.
　　"It will be OK," Marcy was unsure if she was comforting the child or herself. Probably both. "It's not safe here. We need to head to safety. Can you do it?"
　　Jane nodded in small choppy movements, and then the two of them descended swiftly down the stairs.
　　They walked outside, and Marcy stared into the darkness while trying to determine from where the noise of fighting could be heard. The darkness was filled with growling, whimpering, kicking, punching, and crunching noises that made Marcy's hair stand on ends, and the only thing preventing Marcy from collapsing was Jane, who was sticking to her closely.
　　Marcy's sight was just like human's, and everything looked pitch black because they emerged from an illuminated hallway. Marcy would need a minute to adjust to the darkness, a minute they didn't have.
　　The sounds were coming from every direction, and Marcy decided to head toward the entry into the shelter. If she can punch in the code, get in, and close the door behind them, they will be safe. Hopefully.
　　"Let's go," Marcy said, her voice barely above a whisper.
　　They needed to cross a small clearing until they reached the trees and bushes. That clearing was ominous because there was no one in sight, yet the noise was a giveaway that they were surrounded.
　　"Ahh!" Jane screamed when two big wolves dashed toward them from a bush. The first one almost reached them when the second one tackled him, and Marcy couldn't believe they were this close. She had never seen anything so fierce in her life, and this time she thanked the darkness for concealing the gruesome parts.
　　Marcy tugged Jane to move.
　　They didn't have the time to linger or to check if the one on the top was a friend or a foe. They needed to get out.
　　Marcy's insides tightened when they entered the cover the first bushes provided. Yes, they were out of the clearing, but they were also surrounded, and as much as this provided cover, it could be walking into a trap also.
　　Marcy gritted her teeth and forced her legs to move. There was no point in thinking about what-ifs. They needed to reach that entrance into the shelter, and she prayed silently that they don't bump into anyone on their way there.
　　…
　　The group of werewolves was almost at the warehouse when Maddox stopped at one clearing to shift into his human form. He waved at others to do the same, and soon several wolves changed shapes. Beta Oliver, Damon, Caden, Maya, Keith, Caleb, Tony, Kai, and James.
　　Maddox rubbed his face. The adrenaline helped dispel most of the numbness caused by his excessive drinking, but he still didn't feel right.
　　Maddox didn't want to shift into his human form and waste time, but they needed to communicate, and outsiders didn't have the mind-link. He was getting information while they were running, but now that they were there, it was necessary for others to know what was going on.
　　"Why did we stop?" Damon asked impatiently. There was a lingering scent of blood in the air, but there was no sign of an active fight. Did the rogues leave? That would be for the best, but that would also mean they came out of bed for nothing.
　　"Rogues are at the shelters, not at the warehouse. I want you to double-check their scent before attacking. It is not uncommon for people we have here not to have a pack link. They can be easily mistaken for rogues.", Maddox responded.
　　James didn't like this. "Didn't you say they came for supplies?"
　　Beta Oliver responded. "That's usually the case. After they were found here, our warriors confronted them. They thought that rogues were retreating, but only a handful of them went toward the border while others headed toward the shelters."
　　Maya felt her skin crawling. Why did this sound like a diversion? But… a diversion from what? Unless… "Did they come here to kidnap females?"
　　"It wouldn't be the first time," Maddox said. "However, they would usually grab the isolated ones that wandered close to the border and not attack head-on."
　　"There is no point in discussing their motives," James said. "They are here. Let's get rid of them and try to catch a few alive and question them. As long as we can prevent them from committing suicide, they will talk."
　　Everyone felt uneasy at the iciness in James' tone; there was no fear, no compassion, and if not for bloodlust, they would assume he was a machine. He didn't sound like a teenager but like a mercenary who killed and tortured many, but then… under Alpha Edward's tutelage, no one could guess how James grew up.
　　James was looking at Maddox now. "Which way?"
　　Maddox gestured to his right, and then they all shifted back into their wolves and rushed into the darkness.
###Chapter 754 Dangers in the darkness (1)
Chapter 754 Dangers in the darkness (1)
　　Talia was growing increasingly restless, her anxiety was amplified by Liseli's impatience.
　　The ancient wolf disapproved that they were sitting in the cozy living room while their mates were out there, risking their lives. And for whom? For a bunch of strangers?
　　Based on Liseli's rage, it was obvious that the old gal had only Sapa in her heart and mind.
　　Talia wondered if Liseli would care about her or Damon, if Talia was not necessary as a vessel for Liseli's spirit and if Sapa didn't have the same dependency on Damon. Talia brushed those thoughts to the side. This was not the time to allow dark thoughts to creep in. Besides, Liseli had every right to be on the edge as Talia was the same.
　　Talia glanced at Meg and Cornelia to see that they were not fairing much better. They both had their powers, yet due to the circumstances, they were left behind to worry about their mates.
　　At this point, they gave up on random chatter because it didn't help to distract them from the current crisis.
　　Talia walked to the open window and stared into the darkness.
　　"Do you see something?", Varya's question startled Talia, who was too focused on her thoughts to notice the only unmated Wilkow sister approaching.
　　"No, I don't," Talia said dejectedly. "It's funny."
　　"What is?"
　　"How peaceful things are."
　　Varya listened intently and agreed. "It is peaceful. Too peaceful. Why are the forest animals quiet?"
　　Talia realized that Varya was right. Dawn was cracking in the East, and not a peep could be heard from the forest that was all around them. Shouldn't birds chirp to announce the new day? Maybe they could also sense that things were not right.
　　Talia turned to see females in the room, and she realized that someone was missing. "Where is Mindy?" And she didn't see Gideon either.
　　Tatiana responded, "Mindy and Gideon headed to the underground bunker when the alarm sounded to comfort the refugees we have there. Max's and my parents also went with them."
　　Talia nodded in understanding. Mindy told her how most of the people they accept in shelters are traumatized, and Talia guessed that they will need assurance that things will be alright. And who is better to comfort them than members of the Alpha family and a Shaman?
　　Talia stared into the darkness while tightening her hands into fists to the point of hurting. Should she mind-link Mindy? Talia rejected that idea. Mindy was somewhere underground, with no relevant news available, and Talia would probably just distract her from whatever Mindy was doing.
　　Talia was dejected. Even Mindy had something to do, yet Talia was here… waiting. What was the point of being an Alpha if she needed to hide? How was this different from her pitiful self that was hiding in the attic of the Red Moon pack?
　　"Don't worry about Alpha and the guys," Lulu spoke from Talia's right, and Talia turned to look at her.
　　"You seem confident," Talia noticed. Everyone was tense, yet Lulu was relaxed, munching on grapes like this was a social occasion.
　　Lulu shrugged. "I believe in them. They are some of the finest warriors I've ever seen. Besides, worrying won't achieve anything other than making others think they are weak."
　　"I wish I had a switch to turn off worrying," Talia admitted.
　　"Even if you worry, burry that deep, so it doesn't show," Lulu said. "If people see you down, they will assume you are reluctant, and that can weaken your mind. Sometimes, the difference between winning and losing is confidence; even the fake one can help. We were taught to jump into the fight instead of waiting for the fight to come to us. That boldness will make our enemies step back because it will be their turn to worry if we have a skill or a weapon they don't know about."
　　Talia knew that Lulu had a point. Everything Lulu said was right, yet Talia was unable to relax. Only when Damon gets back, safe and sound, will she be at ease.
　　Talia wanted to mind-link Damon or Kai and ask about the situation, but she held back because she knew that if they were in the middle of a fight, she might distract them and cause them to get injured. Or worse.
　　Damon said he would contact her when he got a chance, and the fact that he closed off his emotions she could usually sense through their mate bond told her he was busy and probably in danger.
　　Talia regretted not going there with Damon. Why did she give in? What charms did he use to swindle her into staying in the packhouse? She would fight by his side and ensure his safety, and now… it was too late for that.
　　…
　　Marcy held Jane's little hand and led the way through the foliage that was getting denser to the point of them needing to squeeze between it.
　　With every passing moment, Marcy's heart was thundering stronger as she feared that they had been walking for too long. Weren't they supposed to be there already? Her eyes were used to the darkness now, so she could see the outlines, and she was confident they were on the right path. However, with those deep shadows hugging the landscape, everything looked different. Should they return? No, no… it was just her anxiousness that made every second feel like an hour because there was no way she could miss the path.
　　The noises around them were super-loud, and Marcy didn't know if the two of them were walking toward the fight, or if the fight was coming to them, or maybe all this was a bad dream, and she will wake up and find herself in bed, preferably in the Red Moon pack. She would call Ana and ask for a double serving of sandwiches. Or, if she could wake up in her apartment in Paris, Marcy would make her own sandwiches and pretend that none of this ever happened.
　　But it happened. It was happening, and the only thing Marcy could do was struggle to survive.
　　If only she could see her surroundings clearly, she would confirm where they were.
　　If only she ventured here more often instead of staying indoors, she would have more confidence about which path to take.
　　If only she didn't reject George, her wolf would still be present, and she wouldn't be a dead weight.
　　Marcy would feel better if Jane was not with her. Jane was sticking to her and wouldn't let go of Marcy's hand. Marcy was confident that she couldn't take care of herself; how can she be responsible for a child? 
　　But she couldn't leave Jane behind, not when Jane came to get her back, not when Jane silently followed her from the day Jane came to the shelter, and somehow… that little mute girl made Marcy's life a bit more bearable.
　　Jane's gasp got Marcy's attention. Now what? Did Jane hurt her foot or something?
　　Jane quickly tugged Marcy's hand and pulled her to the side and then down. Marcy crouched next to Jane and tried to see something, but she couldn't see anything other than the darkness. Listening didn't help much either because the noise was coming from everywhere.
　　"Jan…" The last sound was muffled when Jane put her little hand over Marcy's lips.
　　The girl didn't say anything, but her panicked expression directed slightly to the right told Marcy that there was something… or someone.
　　Marcy bit her lower lip while wondering if they should stay there and hide, find a better hiding spot, or proceed to search for that stupid entrance to the shelter.
###Chapter 755 Dangers in the darkness (2)
Chapter 755 Dangers in the darkness (2)
　　Damon's fangs were deep into the rogue's neck as he shook his opponent like a ragdoll. With one last jerk of his head, Damon opened his maw, and the body of a dark brown wolf fell to the ground. The rogue was not dead yet, but he was unable to move, and if no one tended to his wounds, he would bleed out within minutes.
　　Damon glanced to confirm that they were still maintaining the formation. Caden and Maya were on his right, and Keith and Caleb were on his left.
　　The group from the Dark Howlers pack was moving as one unit, while others went with Maddox and Oliver to avoid people from the Blue River pack attacking them accidentally. In the heat of a battle, it was easy to mistake allies for rogues, because neither of those belonged to their pack.
　　With a ferocious growl, Damon pounced on his next target.
　　The rogues were attacking and retreating, and every time they attacked, their numbers were not reducing. Almost like reinforcements were waiting for them to replace their fallen comrades.
　　'How many of them are here?' Damon asked through the pack mind-link while pressing his opponent to the ground with his big body and kicking the second rogue away. He was about to bite the wolf below him and end his life, but when the second one attacked Damon, Damon had to improvise.
　　'I stopped counting at fifty,' Keith responded. 'I don't remember reports that Blue River pack had this big problem with rogues.'
　　Rogues usually sneak in between border patrols, steal things, and run away. This was bigger than usual. There was also a possibility that Maddox was not reporting correctly about his confrontations with rogues, but why would he lie? In any case, rogues would usually stay in small groups, no bigger than twenty, in order to avoid detection, and this was almost like three groups came together. In addition that that, Maddox and his units had their hands full on the other side.
　　Considering that rogues were loners, used to fending for themselves, collaboration implied a big reward for successful whatever they were planning.
　　'I can barely pick up their scent,' Caden voiced his observation while sniffing his last opponent, that was sprawled on the ground in his own pool of blood.
　　'Do you think they've got our mixture for concealing scent?' Caleb asked.
　　Damon's insides churned at this possibility. Talia was the one who shared that mixture with them, and if rogues have it, it meant someone from the Dark Howlers pack leaked the recipe. Only a handful of people had the information on how to prepare it, and they knew how dangerous it could be in the wrong hands. It would enable rogues and all kinds of enemies to move about undetected, which was NOT a good thing.
　　'It feels like they are leading us somewhere,' Maya said while dodging a rogue that lunged at her. She moved gracefully right on time for Caden to intercept the rogue. Maya and Caden were an amazing team.  
　　'Where are they leading us? What is in that direction?' Caden asked while scratching the exposed abdomen of his opponent. Caden's sharp claws were reinforced with his Beta pressure, easily cutting the flesh and spilling blood.
　　'One of us would need to shift into human form, and ask Maddox or someone from his pack,' Caleb said, 'And that ain't be me.'
　　'They are either leading us to a trap or are stalling on purpose,' Maya said. From early on, she had a feeling that this was a diversion, but without proof, she didn't want to raise an alarm. However, this unusual attack pattern of rogues definitely hinted they had a plan.  
　　…
　　Marcy's scream was stuck in her throat as a naked man gripped her neck. It was with enough force to cause pain, yet not enough to obstruct her airflow.
　　His vicious grin was directed at Marcy as he observed her face, obviously enjoying the view of her struggle.
　　What kind of an animal was he? Marcy wondered. But she knew that he was a werewolf because he was naked; he even shifted into his human form so that he could torture her slowly.
　　And then it hit Marcy… where was Jane?
　　Marcy's eyes moved to the left to see that there was another guy, holding Jane by her golden hair that looked nearly black in the darkness. Everything looked dark in this place.
　　'SLAP!'
　　A harsh slap landed on Jane's face. "Scream for me, baby," the rogue growled. He was irritated that Jane didn't make a peep.
　　"Leave her alone," Marcy struggled to speak. "She is just a child."
　　"We were all just children," the guy who was holding Marcy said mockingly. "Now, what will you..."
　　His words stopped abruptly when Marcy kicked him between his legs.
　　Werewolf or not, that was a weak spot, and he was careless.
　　The guy fell to the ground while clutching his family's jewels and Marcy lunged at the guy who was holding Jane.
　　Marcy's fingers latched onto rogue's face, and she dug her thumbs into his eyes.
　　The rogue squealed in pain and punched Marcy into her stomach, but she had no intention of letting go of him. Her fingers dug deeper into his eye sockets as she squeezed through her teeth, "Run, Jane…"
　　Another punch landed on Marcy's abdomen, and another, each carried such force that her internal organs shifted.
　　She lost her strength when her shoulder was dislocated, and then she felt a hit in her back as the second rogue kicked her there.
　　Jane heard Kim telling her to run, but her legs refused to move. She was staring at the horrid scene of two rogues brutally hitting Kim, and Jane fell to her knees when a spurt of blood splashed on her face. Was that blood Kim's? Jane opened her mouth in a silent scream for them to stop. Why were they doing this? What was the point of this violence? Only a year ago, she saw her mother and five siblings being murdered by their abusive father, and Jane survived by accident because she hid under the bed, and he was too drunk to count them all, and Jane slipped through the window when he set their house on fire.
　　Jane was not her name, but it sounded nice when Kim said it, so Jane thought of keeping it.
　　Jane's vision blurred with tears, and she cursed at her helplessness as Kim's words echoed in her mind, 'You are just a child. It's OK to do nothing and let the grownups handle it…'
　　How can this be OK? Kim was friendly and kind, and why were they bullying her?
　　"St… St…" Jane struggled to speak. "Stop it!"
　　This scream earned her a punch in the face, and she recoiled in a bush.
　　Marcy was not sure if she had heard Jane's voice or if she had imagined it.
　　The two rogues were cursing and punching, and Marcy was losing her consciousness, and she welcomed it because it was numbing her pain away.
　　Did she see a brown wolf? Somehow, even without her wolf and blood filling her nostrils, Marcy thought of his scent as familiar. Or was it his presence that she noticed?
　　The sound of growling and flesh ripping was heard, and then things turned silent.
　　Marcy heard someone sobbing. Was that Jane? Marcy opened her mouth to speak, to tell the silly girl that this was not the time to cry; she needed to go to safety. But Marcy's mouth was full of sticky liquid that had a metallic taste, and she couldn't say a word.
　　Her vision was blurry, and the darkness didn't help, but she could see an outline of a male leaning over her.
　　Marcy coughed to clear her mouth, and she rasped, "George?"
###Chapter 756 Dangers in the darkness (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 756 Dangers in the darkness (3) [Bonus chapter]
　　After ensuring that two rogues were dead, the large brown wolf transformed into his human form and returned to check on the female that was being beaten when he arrived.
　　She was not moving, and her chest rose and fell in small choppy movements. Those were not good signs.
　　He stood above Marcy and observed her wretched state.
　　Her left arm had an open fracture, and her right leg was bent at an unusual angle. Her short black hair was wet from the blood, and her face was swollen to the point where she was unrecognizable, but her scent told him it was her. Marcy. A female he identified as his sister.
　　Ignoring the young girl crying next to Marcy, James squatted and listened to Marcy's heartbeat, which was getting fainter by the second.
　　She coughed which caused blood to ooze down her cheeks.
　　James frowned when he realized that Marcy didn't have a wolf, and without her wolf, those injuries and blood loss were deadly.
　　"George?" She called weakly.
　　He wanted to say that he was not George, but the spark in her unfocused eyes told him he shouldn't correct her.
　　"I knew you will come for me," she said, her busted lips lifted into an ugly smile that revealed her bloodied teeth.
　　"Don't talk," James said. "Let me find a doctor." Maddox mentioned that pack doctors were somewhere nearby.
　　"Don't," she said, and her right hand landed on his forearm. "I know I don't have much time…" She could feel her body shutting down. "It's just… I'm glad you are here. If there is a next time, I… won't reject you... I'm cold…"
　　She exhaled, and her hand that rested on James' forearm fell.  
　　"Waaaah!" Jane cried as her wolf senses told her that the female on the ground was gone.
　　Jane crawled to reach Marcy. She held Marcy's hand and patted it, hoping that it might bring her Kim back.
　　James was still for a few long moments, and then he reached to close Marcy's eyes that stared through him.
　　That was the female who had the identity of his sister, the princess of the Red Moon pack. She was always prideful, with perfect clothes and makeup and not a single hair out of place, yet she wore simple clothes, no makeup, and her body was beaten to the point of being deformed; it didn't match the image Marcy had before.
　　After she left the Dark Howlers pack, James didn't think he will ever see her again.  
　　When he analyzed the situation, James decided to come here and ensure that Marcy won't be recognized; that Alpha Edward won't find out about her being here. James didn't expect to find her, only to witness her last moments.
　　She thought he was George. Was Marcy regretting her rejection of George as her mate? It sounded like it. Should he tell George about this? Would it serve any purpose?
　　James never thought much about mates, he was too young, and it was too early, but now that he found Cornelia, he couldn't imagine what propelled Marcy to reject George. Was it the promise of being Damon's Luna? Or the pressure Alpha Edward put on Marcy? Or was it something else? James will never get answers to those questions.  
　　He stared at Marcy, unsure how he felt about the current situation.
　　Three wolves emerged from the bushes, and they transformed into Beta Oliver, Kai, and Tony. All three looked at the scene of two dismantled bodies on the side, a battered body of a female, James, and sobbing Jane.
　　"What's the situation?" James asked.
　　Oliver responded, "Rogues are pushed back, but some are still hiding. Alpha Maddox is leading our warriors in combing the perimeter." He spoke to Jane. "It is still not safe. You should be in the shelter. Let me take you."
　　Jane gripped Marcy's hand firmly and raised her gaze to reveal that her left eye was swollen and closed from the punch she received, and her left cheek was also bigger than the right one.
　　Oliver knew Jane was silently asking about the female who was on the ground. Kim Dorsey. Oliver knew every person they had in the shelter because he was managing their files.
　　"Kim is gone, Jane." Seeing that Jane didn't move, Oliver urged her, "In this situation, we need to worry about the living. Come. I will notify warriors that no one touches her body, but I want you to be safe. Kim would like it that way."
　　At these words, Jane stood up in slow motion and followed Oliver. She remembered that Kim told her to run, and she didn't. Would anything change if Jane moved at that time? Jane was not sure, and she will never find out.
　　Oliver would ask Jane why she was not in the underground shelter. The entrance was only about fifty feet away, and everyone staying here should know the passcode to get in. But he could see that Jane was a mess, and this was not the time for conversation.
　　…
　　Damon stood in the small clearing with his eyes closed while sensing the surroundings.
　　"Should we chase after them?" Maya asked. They were following a group of three rogues that disappeared without a trace.
　　Damon would go after them, but the rogues knew the terrain, and if it's just the three of them, it would be fine, but what if they were racing toward a bigger group of rogues? A trap?
　　Damon lost count of how many rogues he fought, and he killed a few, but most of them would just provoke them and run, and Damon was tired of running without understanding what was happening.
　　At first, he thought that this was rogues' tactic to split up the forces so they could tackle them as small groups, but this was dragging for a while, and they were already separated from the rest, and it didn't make sense to continue this silly chase.
　　"Three of them are at two o'clock, about a hundred feet away," Damon said while wondering what was off.
　　The ability to sense surroundings was something that every Alpha had. They would release a small dose of their aura and feel as it enveloped the living and non-living things it reached. The more one would use, the better he could distinguish the size and type of an , and some could even identify facial features.
　　Damon used his aura often, but instead of seeing the details, he could sense three living presences, but it was vague, almost like someone was interfering with his ability.
　　"Are they running?" Caden asked.
　　"No. Waiting." Damon responded.
　　Keith, Maya, Caden, and Caleb exchanged confused glances. This was getting more and more bizarre by the minute, and none of them liked it.
　　"Are they waiting for us?" Caleb asked with a frown.
　　"They are definitely leading us somewhere," Caden said.
　　Maya had another idea. "Or away from somewhere."
　　Damon grumbled something under his breath. Did Maddox hide some treasure, and rogues came to snatch it? Or is it a secret weapon? A magic scroll?
　　Even if Maddox had a cave filled with gold, Damon's concern was only about one thing. He mind-linked Talia, 'Kitten? How is the situation there?'
###Chapter 757 Dangers in the darkness (4)
Chapter 757 Dangers in the darkness (4)
　　'Damon!' Talia screamed into the mind-link, releasing her pent-up anxiousness. Tatiana was getting information through the mind-link, but because Damon and his unit were separate, there was nothing about them. 'I was dying to hear news from you. Are you guys OK? What's going on there? What took you so long? Is it over? Are you coming back?' She was asking questions without giving him a chance to respond.
　　'We are fine,' Damon said when Talia paused. He had a few scratches here and there, and he desperately needed a shower to wash off blood and gunk; others were in the same situation, but no one was injured seriously, so he didn't want to worry her.
　　Talia's concern warmed his heart, and for a brief moment, he forgot about the fierce fight and murders, or that he was standing butt naked in the middle of a forest.
　　'How are things on your end?' Damon asked.
　　'There is nothing here.'
　　'Are you sure things are fine?'
　　'Outside is quiet, and the only news about commotion Tatiana got was from where the shelters are.'
　　'Can you sense the surroundings to make sure?'
　　'What's going on, Damon?'
　　Damon didn't want to raise alarms, but he had to tell her. 'Rogues are not stealthy, but they are not attacking us openly either. Considering their numbers, it would make sense for them to rush to their goal, but this looks like a provocation. Based on what I've seen, it appears that this intrusion into the area with shelters was a diversion. Also, they are concealing their scent. It's similar to the concoction of herbs you gave us, and that's why it was difficult to track them.' Hell, a rogue might be behind the next bush, and Damon wouldn't know unless he made some noise.
　　Damon could use his aura to suppress the surroundings, but the problem with that approach was that it didn't distinguish between friends and foes, and Damon didn't want to risk injuring an ally.
　　Talia's worry swelled at the thought that this might be something big, and it would be her fault because if she didn't share that concoction with the Dark Howlers pack, rogues wouldn't have it either.
　　'Kitten?'
　　'Yes?'
　　'Can you sense the area around the packhouse to confirm everything is fine?' Damon asked again.
　　'Sure. I will need a minute.'
　　Damon shifted from one leg to another while waiting for Talia to respond. What was taking her so long?
　　He counted seconds silently. Five, six… ten, eleven… twenty. Shouldn't that be enough?
　　It felt like forever until Talia responded, 'You are right, Damon. Something is wrong.'
　　Damon felt his insides tightening in a painful knot. 'What is it?'
　　'I'm not sure. Give me a minute to check something.'
　　'Kitten? Kitten!? Talia!' Damon was in full panic now. Why did she shut down the mind-link? Did she really think that he can just stay still while she was doing who-knows-what?
　　Damon tried mind-linking Lulu, but she was unreachable as well.
　　Even if Talia shut down her mind-link, Lulu wouldn't dare. Or would she?
　　Who else was in there? Damon remembered Pierce, but he was inaccessible as well.
　　Damon told himself not to panic. Maybe Pierce shut down his mind-link because he was enjoying his mate, but that didn't explain Lulu. And why would Talia shut him out?
　　"FUCK!" Damon shouted and started running toward the packhouse. It took him less than a second to become a massive black wolf and disappear among the bushes. Four wolves were right behind him.
　　In the packhouse…
　　"Tanya," Talia called. "You have guards around the packhouse, right? Where are they?"
　　"In the nearby trees so that humans not to see them. Why?"
　　Instead of answering Tatiana's question, Talia asked her next one. "How many of them are there?"
　　Tatiana frowned at Talia. "It should be about a dozen. More probably. What's going on?"
　　"Can you reach them via mind-link?"
　　Tatiana's face fell. She couldn't.
　　"What is going on?" Varya asked.
　　"I don't sense the guards nearby. There is no one." Talia said.
　　Tatiana thought for a moment before voicing her thoughts. "Maybe they saw someone and went into pursuit."
　　"All of them?" It was Lulu who asked. "Even if they are in the middle of a chase, they should respond to the call of their Luna."
　　Tatiana had to agree that Lulu made a valid point. If Maddox was here, he would be able to force a mind-link connection, but Tatiana didn't know how to do that.
　　Tatiana remembered another thing. "We have security cameras and motion sensors around the packhouse. The alarm didn't sound."
　　Kalina shook her head in disapproval. "That's not reliable. What if they hacked into your security? Or bribed someone to shut it down? They could also know about blind spots."
　　Meg agreed. And there was also one more possibility. "They could be outside of the perimeter covered by cameras and sensors. Just the fact you can't reach your guards should be a reason for alarm."
　　Tatiana exhaled helplessly. She was stressed and tired of all this. "What do you suggest?"
　　Talia looked around the room. Tatiana, Meg, Varya, Kalina, Cornelia, Lulu, Ivy, and Lily. And there was Talia. Out of nine females, two were pregnant, and out of other non-pregnant females, one was a witch, and two were Alphas. The lineup was not bad, but they were low in numbers.
　　"We can either sit here and wait for something to happen, or we can go out and investigate," Talia said. "Tanya, tell Max what's going on here, and ask for some other units to come and replace existing ones. Cornelia, Tatiana, and Meg, the three of you stay here, others…"
　　Cornelia bolted to her feet. "I'm coming out also."
　　Talia refused. "No. What can you do without using your abilities? Or do you want people from the second floor to enjoy a light show?"
　　"What about you?" Cornelia asked.
　　"I still have my wolf, my Alpha aura, and I trained to fight."
　　Cornelia frowned at Talia. "You want me to sit here and watch you walk into danger?"
　　"No," Talia said. "I expect you to sit here and be the final line of defense for two pregnant females who can't shapeshift or use their powers. Meg, mind-link me if anything happens, and I will keep you up to date. Varya, Kalina, Lulu, Ivy, and Lily, come with me."
　　"We will join you also," a female voice came from the side, and Talia was glad to see four familiar faces. It was two newly mated Wilkow sisters, Daria and Lidia, and their mates, Pierce and Jordan.
　　Kalina looked at her sisters, both with fresh marks on their necks. It was a breath of fresh air to see four of them grinning, two pairs connected at their hips.
　　"I thought we won't see you for days," Kalina said.
　　Lidia smirked. "You wouldn't, but…" She glanced at Tatiana. "With the last food delivery, we received notes explaining that the alarm was because rogues attacked. Wilkows are not the ones who will sit out a commotion. As soon as this shit is over, we will return to our rooms."
　　Daria spoke to Tatiana, "While we are out, can you send someone to replace the bedsheets? More food in the room would be nice also."
　　Tatiana shook her head helplessly. Her sister was actually bragging about the carnal pleasures that happened in there. "Alright. I will take care of it."
###Chapter 758 Dangers in the darkness (5)
Chapter 758 Dangers in the darkness (5)
　　Jordan was an experienced General of the Spring Leaf pack. Normally, he would be in charge of strategizing, but this was a room full of high-ranked members, females outnumbered him heavily, and he didn't dare to act presumptuously.
　　No one told Jordan about the situation, but even with Luna Tatiana sitting at the center, everyone was looking at Talia, so he knew who was the boss here.
　　"What's the plan?" Jordan asked while looking at Talia.
　　Talia glanced at the people present, and she could see that Lulu and Pierce were communicating via mind-link. Talia approved. The more Pierce knows, the more useful he will be, and talking through mind-link was much more efficient compared to using words.
　　Talia summarized for the newcomers, "The guards who were stationed around the packhouse are not in their places and can't be contacted. We want to check the area and see what happened. Stay alert, as there might be enemies hiding. Since we have four additional people, let's form two groups. We will all exit through the main door. Jordan, Daria, Pierce, Lidia, Kalina, and Varya will take right. I will go with Ivy, Lily, and Lulu to the left."
　　Pierce ed. "I can't leave your side. I am your guard."
　　Talia disagreed. "Take care of your mate, Pierce. This is an order."
　　Pierce lowered his head, unsure if he should give in. He realized that he was in a tight spot. On one side was obeying Talia's command, and on the other was leaving her side, which meant that he won't be able to protect her. Can he come in the same group as Talia and bring Daria along? What if both Talia and Daria were in trouble? Will he be able to choose? Daria was his life, but if anything happened to Talia, Damon will skin him alive. And there was the blood oath that would force him to choose Talia.
　　'Don't worry, Pierce,' Lulu's voice sounded in his mind. 'I will take care of Luna. You stay with your mate. Finish your round quickly and then you can return to protecting our Luna.'
　　With this push, Pierce nodded in agreement.
　　Talia thought that this was a good division. Like this, every group will have an Alpha, and if four Wilkow sisters were together, they won't worry about each other.
　　In Talia's group, Ivy and Lily were not much of fighters, but Talia knew that if they encounter trouble, she will end up using her powers. At that point, it won't matter if she was on her own, or with an army backing her. Liseli was itchy for a fight, and Talia had no intention of preventing her wolf from releasing some steam.  
　　Talia turned to look at Lulu. "You won't stop me from going out?"
　　Lulu blinked at Talia. "My orders are to ensure your safety. Not to keep you inside."
　　Talia liked this response.
　　"We will circle around the packhouse while checking the nearby forest for any signs of foul play. Let's hope we meet on the other side without any issues." Talia wished that the guards were drugged and left alone, and that it was all just a big prank by a drunk guest.
　　"Wait!", Tatiana exclaimed. "You can't go like that. I need to know what's going on. Talia and Meg can mind-link, but the second group will be in the dark."
　　"What do you suggest?" Talia asked.
　　Tatiana's eyes lost focus for a moment. "One Omega will accompany each of your groups. They will trail in the back so they are not in danger, and their task will be to communicate with each other and with me." By the time Tatiana ended talking, two females in their late twenties were standing at the door of the living room.
　　With this, they were ready to go.
　　Talia wondered if she should contact Damon, but she decided against it.
　　She didn't want to lie, and if she told him that she was going out, he would blow a fuse.
　　Besides, he was out there for a long time without contacting her. Surely, he can wait a few minutes. The fact that he didn't mind-link her already told her that he was either patient or busy. Probably busy.
　　Talia was determined to finish this task quickly, and then she will contact Damon and tell him that everything was alright.
　　…
　　Talia, Lulu, Ivy, Lily, and Mila (the Omega that Tatiana assigned to their group) were moving along the border where the forest met the clearing which circled the packhouse.
　　There was no scent of blood, and they didn't see any signs of fighting. Those were good things, but where were the guards? It was mysterious and unsettling.
　　Every step was unusually loud, and they could even hear their own breathing.
　　'CRACK!'
　　Ivy stepped on a dry branch, and everyone jolted.
　　"Sorry," Ivy said in a whisper. She was also startled.
　　Talia glanced at Lulu whose narrowed eyes were scanning the dark forest like she could see through it. Lulu was on alert, but not tense, and Talia guessed how that was due to her experience.
　　Talia admired Damon's warriors. There was a reason why the Dark Howlers pack was an untouchable existence for many.
　　Talia's head snapped to her right.
　　"Do you see something?" Lulu asked in a whisper.
　　"Yes. There are presences there. Two of them. No, three." Talia was confused. How come her sensing ability was off? Damon mentioned that rogues were concealing their scent. Was it possible that they concealed their presence also?
　　"Let's go and check it out," Lulu said and Talia agreed.
　　"Shouldn't we alert others?" Ivy asked. She was not a warrior and going into danger sounded reckless.
　　"Mila will tell them that we found something and where we are," Lulu said.
　　Talia was not much of a warrior, but it was not difficult to see that Ivy, Lily, and Mila were terrified. Talia couldn't blame them. Without training and without an aura to protect them, they would be foolish to look for trouble.
　　Talia thought of Omegas as strength in numbers. Five she-wolves were more intimidating than two, and Talia didn't want to split from them, however, they needed to see what was going on there, and if they forced three scaredy females to come, they would probably be a burden.
　　Talia quickly decided, "I will go with Lulu to check what's going on there. Ivy, Lily, stay with Mila here and wait for others to come."
　　Lily's eyes were open wide in panic. "Just the two of you?"
　　Talia didn't feel like explaining. "Just the two of us. Your task is to ensure Mila's safety, and to tell others where we are."
　　Talia glanced at Lulu who obviously didn't to this plan.
　　The only thing Talia regretted was that she couldn't mind-link with Lulu. Like this, they would either need to guess what the other one was thinking or talk aloud and risk being overheard.
　　"How can you determine their location?" Lulu asked Talia.
　　"Just like any Alpha, I'm using my aura."
　　"Not any Alpha can do it," Lulu said. "It means that at least one of your parents was an Alpha."
　　Talia remembered that Lulu didn't go with them to the Midnight Guardians pack, so she didn't know the story about Valerian Moonrider. But Talia was curious about Lulu's words. "How do you know that?"
　　Lulu grinned. "My grandma told me. Only the ones born with an Alpha bloodline can they use their aura for more than suppressing others."
　　Talia thought that this was interesting information. If true, it meant that Tatiana and Kalina don't have that ability. Talia decided to discuss this with Damon later. Now she needed to focus on figuring out if those people there were friends or foes, and why they were just sitting there.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 759 Dangers in the darkness (6)
Chapter 759 Dangers in the darkness (6)
　　Talia and Lulu moved stealthily through the foliage.
　　Lulu was keeping her eyes on Talia who moved soundlessly without leaving a trace. It confirmed that when Keith praised Talia how she could compare with their top scouts was not just empty talk.
　　Lulu wondered what other skills Talia had. Surely, as someone who was the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, Talia was not a simple person.
　　Talia raised her hand to get Lulu's attention. They were only about thirty feet away from their targets and Talia was silently chanting how this was the right thing to do.  
　　Sure, insecurities crept into Talia's mind about Lulu, and Talia was determined to confirm beyond doubt if Lulu was a traitor by putting her guard to the test. It was one of those things, keep your friends close and your enemies closer, and so far, Lulu performed well.
　　Talia noticed that Lulu was looking at her curiously, and this reinforced Talia's concern that communication will be a problem. Lulu said that she will follow Talia's lead, but Talia wished that they worked out a set of hand signals or animal noises before coming here. Just stop and go were easy to do, but what if she wanted to convey more than that?  
　　The only one Talia could mind-link and not cause panic was Meg, but Meg was in the packhouse and couldn't help here. Talia dismissed those thoughts. She focused on the area from where they came, and she could hazily sense Ivy, Lily, and Mila standing at the edge of the forest.
　　Talia was confused. What happened with her ability to sense her surroundings? Was something obstructing her? Talia remembered the runes Guardians used to suppress one's aura, but that clearly didn't affect her. What was going on? Did rogues work with witches? Or with Guardians?
　　Should they return and regroup? Regroup, with whom? There was no point in going back. If things turn worse, Talia will use her aura to suppress everyone, and she will apologize to Lulu later.
　　Talia waved her hand with her palm facing downward, hoping that Lulu will take that as, "Take it slow and be careful", and then she resumed walking toward their targets.
　　Murmurs got Talia's attention and she perked up her ears. Her hearing was fantastic, but those people were whispering.
　　"How long do we need to stay here?", one asked.
　　"Until we get the signal to move."
　　Talia pressed her lips into a line. Move, where? Were they planning an attack on the packhouse? Or…?
　　Talia squatted behind a bush when she saw the outlines. They were only a few steps away from their targets and Talia was pleased that they took a scent-concealing concoction before coming to this event.
　　Talia saw that Lulu's eyes were trained on the people in front of them, and she was in a crouching position, ready to attack.
　　'Liseli?' Talia called her wolf. 'Are these rogues?'
　　'Grown males. Four of them. No pack link.' Liseli responded robotically.
　　Talia's eyebrows nearly reached her hairline. Did Liseli say there were four of them? What the heck was going on here?
　　Noise from the back startled Talia, and then she heard rustling from the right.
　　"Ah, it seems the wait is over," one male from the front said.
　　Talia swallowed hard when she realized that four shadows on the other side of that bush were standing now and facing Talia and Lulu. Based on the noise from rustling, it was easy to confirm they were surrounded. Movements were happening all around them. It was a trap!
　　'Liseli?'
　　'I didn't sense them!' Liseli growled, knowing what Talia was about to ask.
　　'How can they conceal their presence so well?'
　　'How about we keep one alive and ask?' Liseli responded irritably.
　　Knowing they were caught, Talia stood up in slow motion.
　　Talia turned to see that about a dozen people created a circle with Talia and Lulu in the center. There were a few steps between them, but not enough for Talia to think they can escape this without a fight. Can they take on these twelve people? What if there are more of them hiding in the shadows?
　　Their scents were so faint that if they were not right there, Talia would assume it was something wind brought from the distance.
　　"Can we talk about this?" Talia asked. "We are guests at the party and we got lost." Will this story work? Probably not, but she wanted to confirm how many rogues they were facing, and she didn't like that they were surrounded by ghosts.
　　A male from Talia's left chuckled. "I can't believe she was right to say that you will come to us. The location is a bit off, but the rest matches."
　　Talia thought that she heard something important. "Someone told you we will come here?" Did they even know who they were?
　　Talia's eyes subconsciously moved to Lulu who was standing on Talia's right and eyeing the people who surrounded them.
　　'It couldn't be Lulu, right?', Talia thought. Lulu didn't know they were coming here until they were actually on the move, and Lulu was with Talia all the time. Unless Lulu had some device or another way to alert them without being noticed.
　　The man chuckled. "Aren't you a curious birdie? Relax. We won't harm you."
　　Yeah, right. Like Talia will believe that. "What do you want?"
　　"You need to come with us." He said.
　　"If you think we will come quietly, you are mistaken."
　　He tched in annoyance. "We need only you. The other one is dispensable. How about you come with us, and we won't harm your mate?"
　　Talia was totally confused. "My mate?" Were they talking about Damon? But if they knew that Damon was her mate, wasn't she exposed as Alpha Natalia and Luna Talia? "Do you know who I am?"
　　"Of course," he said with confidence. "You are Luna Talia of the Dark Howlers pack. Now stop with these games. We have your picture, so we know we've got the right person. And it's not a lookalike because we confirmed that Alpha Damon left the Dark Howlers pack with his mate, Luna Talia. Unless you want us to harm your mate, you will come with us."
　　Talia blinked while processing this information. Was it possible that they didn't know she was Alpha Natalia? Or was this a trap? Talia decided to play along.
　　"My Damon is the most powerful Alpha. Do you think you can harm him?"
　　The rogue snorted. "The fact we are here means we are confident. Do you want us to kill your guard as proof we are serious?"
　　Talia had some doubts about Lulu, but she didn't want Lulu to be killed. Besides, Lulu looked ready to fight, not like she had met her comrades.
　　Talia had confidence in Damon, but the rogue's words made her unsettled.
　　'Damon? Damon?' Talia called through their private mind-link and her eyes widened when there was no response.
　　"How can you…?"
　　"Enough questions!" The guy snapped at Talia. "Stop stalling for time. You either come with us, or we will make you."
　　"Where are you taking me?"
　　"You will see when you get there. Now move!" He reached to grab her arm.
　　Talia twisted her body, avoiding his hold.
　　There was a moment of eye contact between Talia and Lulu, the rogues shouted while dashing toward Talia and Lulu, and it was like hell broke loose.
###Chapter 760 Dangers in the darkness (7)
Chapter 760 Dangers in the darkness (7)
　　Lulu's transformation into her wolf form was not complete when her fangs dug into the thigh of one rogue. She jerked her head, ripping the piece of his flesh before dashing to her next opponent.
　　Talia was not idle either. She was kicking and punching, taking advantage of the fact that rogues were reluctant to harm her, confirming that the guy was not lying. They didn't want to harm her.
　　But why?
　　They already confirmed they were aware of her identity as Damon's mate. Why would they kidnap her? And how did they know she was here? Damon and Talia came early, and they were careful to act as Alpha Damon and Alpha Natalia when they were out of their room. Sure, people might think that the two Alphas were chummy, but not to the point of knowing that Talia was Damon's mate.
　　Actually… the rogues didn't say they knew Talia was here with Damon. Their words were about knowing that she LEFT with Damon. Did that mean someone from the Dark Howlers pack was working with rogues? To make things worse, only a handful of people knew that Luna Talia left with Alpha Damon. Talia's insides churned at the thought that someone from the packhouse betrayed her. Who could it be? She didn't think Damon would be a suspect, but she trusted everyone that came to her mind. Maya? Caden? Zina? Rose? Mindy? Gideon?
　　This mental instability was enough for one rogue to grab her shoulder. Talia punched him in the nose and shook her hand. That hurt.
　　'What are you doing?' Liseli growled at Talia. 'Let me take them!'
　　In the spur of the moment, Talia forgot she had a wolf form that was a killing machine. But she also forgot something else that was more efficient.
　　Talia dashed through the rogues and shouted, "Lulu! This way!"
　　"AHHHH!" A rogue screamed as Lulu bit a chunk of his arm. That was the last rogue that didn't shift yet into his wolf form.
　　Lulu dashed toward Talia, and when Talia confirmed they were separated from the rogues, Talia stepped in front of Lulu. With one thought from Talia, all rogues fell to the ground.
　　There were nine wolves there, capable of standing.
　　Talia couldn't control her aura precisely to press on each rogue individually. However, she could direct her aura in a specific direction, and that was enough to freeze them all.
　　'Liseli, I need them as humans.'
　　'On it.'
　　Talia was unsure if Liseli affected Lulu as well, but two seconds later, all rogues and Lulu were in their human forms, naked.
　　Rogues were sprawled on the ground, unable to get up, and Talia gaped when she realized that the rogues were clothed. What kind of magic was that?
　　On a closer look, Talia realized that those were not clothes. It was some kind of body paint.  
　　Talia thought how that was convenient. By painting clothes on their bodies, even if they shift between forms, they won't be perceived as naked as long as they don't let others get a good look at them.
　　The guy who was talking to Talia before raised his head to look at Talia incredulously.
　　Talia smirked, guessing that he was the leader here. "You know I'm Luna Talia. That should mean Damon marked me." She pointed at her neck, where the mark was visible. "Did you think I'm a pushover?"
　　"Even with Alpha Damon marking you," the rogue spoke with difficulty. "You shouldn't be this powerful."
　　Talia sneered. "It seems you don't know everything."
　　Rogues eyes darted behind Talia. "Your confidence will be the end of you."
　　Talia felt the hairs on her back rising.
　　Did she actually make a mistake about Lulu? Was Damon right about…?
　　Talia whipped her head to see from where the rustling was coming, only to see two guys there. Where did they come from? And they were huge.
　　Lulu was in her human form, wrestling one guy that was nearly double her size, while the second one was coming for Talia.
　　"They told us you have an Alpha aura, but a marked female shouldn't be able to suppress the group like this," the guy who was approaching Talia said. "Release them."
　　Talia's eyes darted to Lulu. The guy was pinning her down, and it didn't look like Lulu could escape him. He was just too big.
　　Talia was dejected. Why were these guys after her? Why can't they leave her alone?
　　Talia was angry. How dare they just come and demand that she comes with them? She was not stupid.
　　Talia was scared. What if they hurt Lulu? How many people did they hurt so far?
　　Talia's anxiousness skyrocketed. What if they hurt Damon? Why couldn't she reach him through the mind-link? The mate bond was there, so she knew he was alive, and she hoped that if he was in distress, she would be able to feel it, but there was nothing.
　　Talia balled her hands into fists to conceal that she was trembling.
　　"What will you do if I don't release them?" Talia asked with all the confidence she could muster.
　　"Your friend has a nice body. You will get to watch. We might let her live if she serves us well."
　　Talia's insides tightened. Was he talking about…?  She couldn't finish that thought.
　　Talia stared at the scene where the guy on top of Lulu grabbed her hair and then forced a kiss on her. Lulu bit him back, and he slapped her.
　　Talia saw a lot of violence in her life, but usually, she was the one at the receiving end.
　　Was this how other Omegas felt while Anna was beating Talia? Why didn't they help? How could they just watch over and over again and do nothing to stop it?
　　Talia shook those unpleasant memories away. This was different. Someone else was being bullied because of Talia.
　　Listening to their demands would be foolish, and letting them bully Lulu further was unacceptable.
　　Lulu groaned as the guy twisted her arm, and for Talia, that was the last straw.
　　How could Talia conceal her powers if the price to pay was that people around her needed to suffer?
　　Talia had enough, and Liseli agreed.
　　"What makes you think I will allow you to have your way?" Talia asked as her eyes started flickering in silvery light.
　　The guys behind her still couldn't move a muscle, and two guys in front of her started feeling pain all over. Talia didn't know what Liseli was doing to the two, as she was concentrating on her Alpha aura that held the group in the back pinned to the ground, but it was evident that rogues were suffering.
　　Lulu got up from under the guy who was bullying her, and Talia could see a big bruise on the left side of Lulu's face. There were more scratches and bruises, and Talia told herself to focus on dealing with rogues. She will heal Lulu later.
　　Lulu kicked the guy and cursed at him, and then she looked at Talia.
　　Lulu saw Talia glow and do magic during their pack run when she healed Keith and dispelled black runes from Damon, but this was different.
　　The energy coming out in waves from Talia was tangible, and the silvery light pulsated around Talia like someone was turning on and off a lightbulb; Talia was the lightbulb.
　　"It seems you are missing quite a bit of information about me," Talia sneered at the rogues. She gestured to two newcomers to join the others, and they moved with difficulty.
###Chapter 761 Dangers in the darkness (8)
Chapter 761 Dangers in the darkness (8)
　　"I want to know how you are concealing your presence," Talia demanded from rogues that were pressed on the ground in front of her. Those bastards sneaked on her more than once now. Even Liseli couldn't pick them up.
　　Seeing that no one was willing to talk, Talia stared down at the closest one.
　　"Speak!" She shouted, and the guy groaned as the light around Talia increased.
　　'Let me get into his mind,' Liseli said.
　　'Fine,' Talia agreed. 'Make it quick.'
　　With Liseli taking charge of interrogating enemies, the silvery glow around Talia subsided, leaving only her eyes to pulsate in silver light.
　　Talia could see images flashing in her mind, memories that were not hers. There was some rubbish, guy-talk about women and drinking, and found out that the rogue in question was planning to head to the human city tomorrow and visit a nightclub there.
　　Out of the important stuff, Talia picked up that the rogues had orders to come to a specific location and to wait for a signal. She saw him sneaking between the patrols of the Blue River pack, and it was obvious that the guy knew where he was going. There was a scene of a tall, dark-haired guy telling them that they will wait for the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack while showing them Talia's photo, and they needed to draw on their skin with specific paste...
　　The man's body spasmed as he started foaming at his mouth, and Liseli quickly got out of his mind with, 'He was weaker than I thought.'
　　Talia blinked at the man who was lying on the ground, and she couldn't believe that he was dead.
　　She killed a person, just like that.
　　Before Talia could process that she had committed murder, the guy's painted clothes caught on fire. It was like when a synthetic fabric touches the flame; it all disappeared within two seconds, leaving a slightly scorched naked body behind.
　　"What the…?" Lulu said under her breath.
　　Talia was equally puzzled, but she knew more than Lulu now. "Due to those painted clothes, as long as they are still, their presence will be concealed." But that didn't explain the lack of their scent or why the guy caught on fire.
　　"Oh," Lulu said, and then she cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "How do you know that?"
　　Talia was not in the mood to explain. "Can you mind-link Pierce?"
　　Lulu's eyes lost focus for a moment. "No." A second later, she added, "Keith, Caleb, and others are unreachable as well."
　　Talia pressed her lips into a line. This confirmed that these rogues had a way to interrupt not only her mind-link with Damon but to mess up the senses of an Alpha and block the pack's mind-link.
　　With rogues nearly undetectable, who knew how many of them were still hiding? And if they could mess with all that, even if Pierce and others found out that Talia and Lulu were facing rogues, there was a chance that reinforcements won't be able to find them. What a mess.
　　Rogues stared at Talia whose eyes stood out like flashlights on her body. No one told them about anything like this, and they had no idea what it was, but they knew they were in trouble.
　　'We need more information,' Liseli urged Talia. 'Pick another one.'
　　'We can just ask.'
　　Liseli refused. 'This is faster, and we are ensuring that they are not lying.'
　　Talia puffed her cheeks, 'Fine. But try not to kill him.'
　　'You have compassion for people who wouldn't blink while killing,' Liseli said mockingly.
　　'How I treat others reflects who I am, not who they are.'
　　Liseli didn't respond. She knew that Talia was a kind soul. The only time Talia was ready to harm others was when she was protecting someone dear to her, like Damon.
　　Talia saw another set of images. The same tall, dark-haired guy was telling them to drink a scent-concealing potion before heading to the Blue River pack. There was a map behind him with some dots on it, and the humid hot air filled with scents of sweat and moss was suffocating.
　　"Leader," one guy asked, and the scene shifted for Talia to see more than a dozen guys standing in a room that had walls covered in wooden panels. It looked like a cottage. "How do we know that Luna Talia will be here?"
　　The tall, dark-haired guy smirked. "I have my sources. We won't make a move until we confirm that they left together."
　　"Is it true that we will collaborate with Jason's and Malik's groups?" Another voice asked.
　　"There will be more than the two of them. You don't need to worry about it. Do your task well, and we will all get to move up from this dump."
　　People cheered, and the scene became hazy.
　　Talia blinked to see the guy in front of her spasming on the ground. Just like the previous one, the moment he breathed his last, his clothes burst into flame.
　　'Do you think that clothes painted on his skin can sense he died?', Liseli asked curiously.
　　'I told you not to kill him.'
　　'No. You said TRY not to kill him. I tried and failed. It's not my fault he resisted, and I had to apply more force than necessary.'
　　Talia couldn't believe this. 'I would twist your ear if only you had one.'
　　Liseli snickered. 'We can shift into wolf for you to get my ears, but then you lose thumbs, so there won't be any twisting.'
　　Talia didn't want to argue. They were in a dangerous situation, without a way to contact Damon, facing rogues, and she needed information.
　　"Who is your leader?" Talia asked, and the rogues turned to look around. Some of them looked at the guy who was talking to Talia before.
　　"Not that one," Talia said. "I meant the tall, dark-haired guy who was giving you instructions to come here. He was wearing a black leather jacket. Tell me, or I will make you. You know that I can suppress you with ease. Do you think that's all I can do?"
　　"Ah! Ah!" One rogue cried, and his painted clothes burst in flames. "Oh… Save me!… Aaaa!" A few more rogues cried in unison as they burst into flames.
　　Talia panicked. What was going on?
　　'Maybe clothes detect betrayal also,' Liseli's voice sounded in Talia's mind.
　　Talia raised her arms and started waving. "Stop! Stop! Stop thinking about your leader. I don't care about him!"
　　The cries stopped, and Talia realized that only four rogues were still unharmed.
　　The ones that caught on fire were dead.
　　'What the heck is going on here?' Talia asked Liseli.
　　'In the face of this information, I think that the first two rogues burst into flames because we peeked into their memories,' Liseli shared her thoughts. 'Painted clothes make them appear not naked, conceal their presence, and prevent betrayal. This explains why we got only fragments from each of them.'
　　Talia rubbed her forehead. How can she get information if asking or forcing mind-reading makes them dead?
　　"You have no use of us," the leader of rogues spoke. "Let us go. Unless you want to kill us."
　　It was evident that Talia was shaken up by seeing people dying in front of her, even if it was not her fault. Everyone knew that Lunas have nurturing nature. They won't kill, not on purpose, and not unless they are defending their loved ones and their pack.
###Chapter 762 Dangers in the darkness (9)
Chapter 762 Dangers in the darkness (9)
　　"You want us to let you go?" Lulu asked the rogue incredulously. "What's to say you won't come tomorrow in another attempt to kidnap my Luna?"
　　He smirked. "You are right. We will probably return. In order to prevent that, Luna Talia should join us now." He spoke to Talia. "Our task is only to bring you back, to talk. This is not kidnapping; it's a friendly invitation."
　　Lulu crossed her arms over her chest, giving her two peaks a push up. She was not bothered by her nakedness.
　　"Do you think my Luna is stupid to go with you?" Lulu asked.
　　He shrugged. "What do you suggest? Should we sit here until breakfast? What will that achieve? You know we won't talk. We can't. If you hand us over to Alpha Maddox, he will interrogate us and that will end up with him letting us go, assuming we survive. And we know that Luna Talia won't kill us."
　　Talia didn't hear what the guy said. She was visually inspecting the bodies and four rogues that were still breathing. 
　　"Why is your leader not here? Did he send you on a suicide mission? Or are you another diversion so that he can do something else?"
　　Talia shook her head at this last question. She heard that Luna Talia was the target. However, that didn't mean it was the full truth. That was only what these guys received as instructions. There was a possibility that the leader had a different plan, one that he didn't disclose to others.
　　Talia really wished for Damon to be here. She tried mind-linking him again but to no avail.
　　"What are you guys using to prevent mind-link from working?" Talia asked. "There is no way that rogues would know such a thing. With whom are you working? There must be something you can tell us otherwise you can only dream about leaving this place."
　　The guy just shook his head.  
　　"How can you be so calm after your leader set you up like this to be cannon fodder?"
　　He shrugged. "It is what it is. What's the point of being angry now?"
　　Talia was surprised by this rational response. But then... they were rogues, always scheming, and Talia was confident that under that calm demeanor the guy was plotting revenge.
　　But he was right. She couldn't kill them, but she had no intention of letting them go either.  
　　Talia puffed her cheeks while thinking about what to do. If Damon was here, he would know how to handle this mess.  
　　Talia remembered that her mind-link with Damon worked while she was in the packhouse. Mila was at the edge of the forest, mind-linking Tatiana, and Talia wondered if the rogues turned on the interference when Talia stepped into the forest, or maybe Talia entered the zone where mind-linking was jammed. In any case, she needed to fix it.
　　For rogues, this was not a big deal.
　　Rogues didn't belong to a pack, so they didn't communicate via mind-link. They had other ways to exchange information, like phones or they would carefully plan their missions, accounting for various outcomes so each could move independently without exposing others.
　　Unfortunately, werewolves that were part of the pack relied on their mind-link too much, and now this was a problem. How can she inform Damon, Meg, or anyone else of their location? And the bad thing was that there could be more rogues nearby, approaching them, and Talia wouldn't know unless they stand right in front of her.
　　'If they are interfering with mind-link, we could be able to sense the energies and see from where it's originating,' Liseli said.
　　There was not much confidence behind Liseli's words, but it was the only thing they could do.
　　'How come you didn't discover anything before?' Talia asked.  
　　'At that time, I didn't know that such a thing could exist.'
　　'Let's try this together,' Talia said and turned to Lulu. "Keep an eye on them. I need to focus on this."
　　Lulu nodded, unsure what Talia was up to, but Talia closed her eyes and took a deep breath, and Lulu understood that Talia shouldn't be disturbed.
　　Talia's body was glowing again. Pulses of silver exited her feet and spread in every direction as circles of light. Each circle reached further than the previous one, covering the foliage and trees and even the forest critters that were hiding in their burrows, making every detail visible for Talia, like it was right in front of her.
　　Talia's eyes snapped open when she found something. She was not sure what it was, but the energies were acting strange there, and it needed investigation.
　　The problem was that it was about fifty feet away. Talia was the only one who could get it because she didn't know how to explain it to Lulu, other than shouting. Leaving Lulu on her own to watch over four rogues was not a wise idea. There was only one way to deal with this situation.
　　"We need to move. All of us." Talia said.
　　Lulu glanced at rogues and then at Talia. "Go, where?"
　　Talia gestured. "That way. There is something and I need to check it out."
　　Talia led the way with four rogues behind her and Lulu at the back.
　　Talia was maintaining her aura on the rogues, so they walked slowly.
　　It didn't take long for Talia to reach the source of the disturbance. She moved the leaves with her hands carefully, unsure what to expect. There was a metallic cube-shaped device lodged between the roots of a massive oak tree.
　　A few tugs later, a cube-shaped thing was in Talia's hand.
　　There were buttons and a small display with lights flickering, and Talia found a groove at the back. Upon pressing there, the cube opened and revealed a switch and two small knobs.
　　"What are you doing?", Lulu asked in an urgent whisper when she saw that Talia was about to press that switch. "What if it's a bomb?"
　　"I don't think it's a bomb. It's a device that's preventing the mind-link from working." Talia explained.
　　Lulu was not so confident. "Are you sure?"
　　"No," Talia admitted. "But if this will blow into our faces, those rogues would be running for their lives." Or at least try to.
　　"What if they don't know that this is a bomb? We just saw them spontaneously combust. What's to say that this won't blow?"
　　Talia had to admit that Lulu had a point, but what were their options? "If you are afraid, you are welcome to step back. If this kills me, tell Damon I'm sorry. I did my best."
　　Lulu made a face. "If you blow up and I survive, Damon will find me and kill me five times over. I will rather stay here and have an honorable death."
　　"Is it honorable to die in an explosion?"
　　Lulu thought for a moment. "For a warrior, honorable is to die in a battle. But right now, I'm not a warrior. I'm a guard." Lulu snatched the device from Talia's hand. "Now, Luna, please step back so I can flip this switch."
　　Before Lulu could react, the cube was back in Talia's hand. "I'm not going anywhere. If you don't want to go, you are welcome to stay."
　　Lulu opened her mouth to protest, but Talia already flipped the switch.
　　"You can open your eyes now," Talia said to Lulu teasingly.
###Chapter 763 Dangers in the darkness (10)
Chapter 763 Dangers in the darkness (10)
　　With the device turned off, Talia closed her eyes to sense her surroundings. Everything in close proximity was clear, but that didn't stretch far before images in her mind became blurry again.
　　'Kitten! Kitten!' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head, and she nearly teared up at the anguish that came with it.
　　'I'm here, Damon.'
　　'WHERE ARE YOU!?' There was a relief, but the anger came quickly to cover it up.
　　Damon, Maya, Caden, Keith, and Caleb reached the packhouse only to discover that Talia went out to investigate the disappearance of guards.
　　Didn't he tell her to stay put!?
　　Damon found Ivy, Lily, and Mila with ease. From them, Damon heard that Lulu and Talia went into the forest, and he couldn't find them in the direction Lily pointed at. Since then, Damon was running around aimlessly, hoping to find Talia and doing his best not to lose his mind while tearing into the bodies of a few rogues who were unfortunate enough to be noticed by Damon and his unit.
　　'Goddamit, kitten! Are you set on making me die early from anxiety? Where are you!?' Damon was still shouting, but Talia could feel that he was calmer now.  
　　'Follow the bond,' Talia said. 'I'm with Lulu. We found a device that disrupts the mind-link. There are more of those in the area. If your mind-link is not working, you are close to one, and it seems they are also jamming our ability to sense surroundings.'
　　Damon remembered that his ability was acting up this evening. He thought that maybe he drank too much or someone drugged him, but it didn't cross his mind that there were devices that could interfere with the ability of an Alpha. Who could make such a thing?
　　Damon focused on sensing his bond with Talia, and he could feel the pull in a specific direction, telling him where Talia was. That was all he needed to run as fast as his paws carried him.
　　"I can reach Pierce!" Lulu said excitedly. "Their group bumped into rogues. Lidia and Daria got hurt, and Pierce and Jordan took them to get medical help. Kalina, Varya, and their Omega went to meet up with Mila, Ivy, and Lily, and I'm sure they will come here soon. Keith and the guys are also reachable!"
　　Talia mind-linked Meg, confirming Talia's suspicion that rogues hid these signal-jamming devices through the forest.
　　Talia realized that someone clever was behind this. If they cut off all communication, people would notice right away. Instead, rogues covered some specific areas, making it appear that the other person was unavailable. They crippled the defenses of the Blue River pack, and people were not aware of it.  
　　Talia stared at the electronic device. "Who could make this?"
　　Lulu leaned closer to give it a sniff. "It looks human-made."
　　Talia's silvery eyes widened. "Humans?"
　　Lulu looked at four rogues with a sneer. "They work for whoever pays. Humans included."
　　Talia's eyes were perfect circles now. "Are you saying that humans are behind this?"
　　Lulu shrugged. She didn't know, but… "Anything is possible. We might be concealing our existence from humans, but that doesn't mean they don't know about us. Didn't you watch a movie or two about our kind? Sure, humans got a lot of things wrong, but they got some things right also. That's not a coincidence."
　　Talia didn't like this. Humans? Didn't the rogue say how they came here for Luna Talia? Why would humans want Luna of the Dark Howlers pack? If they wanted to discuss business, they would contact Damon. Or were they planning to keep Talia hostage and force Damon into something?
　　All this was giving her a big headache and she really missed Damon and his hug that could make everything better.
　　"What the…?" Lulu's question was cut short, but it alerted Talia to pay attention to their surroundings.
　　Small movements could be detected, and Talia figures approaching.
　　"Seven of them," Talia said under her breath, hoping there were not more that she couldn't pick up.
　　"Is that Alpha Damon?"
　　Talia's body tensed when she realized that her senses were messed up again, and the range of how much she could feel clearly on her left was reducing. "It seems they have on them one of those jamming devices."
　　"Oh, shit…" Lulu mumbled when she confirmed that her mind-link was not working again. "How many of those interfering gadgets are there?"
　　Talia didn't want to find out.
　　Four rogues still suppressed by Talia's aura were visibly cheerful now, and one of them said, "Give up, Luna Talia. It will be easier for everyone. Our orders are to not harm you, but we will resort to force if necessary."
　　Talia ignored them.
　　"Damon and guys are on their way," Talia said to Lulu, loudly for others to hear, hoping that they would give up and run before they got caught.
　　Lulu understood the meaning behind Talia's words, but the rogues didn't show an intention of retreating, so there was only one option. "Let's keep them busy until Alpha Damon comes. Maybe he finds a way to interrogate them successfully."
　　The leader of the rogues shouted at their reinforcements, "Alpha Damon is coming! We need to hurry! Watch out for Luna Talia's…"
　　He stopped talking when Lulu punched him in the face.
　　Talia realized that with more rogues coming, the ones they captured were becoming bolder and she worried that they will distract them if the fight erupts.
　　Talia waved at Lulu to step to the side, and then the crunching of bones was heard as four rogues cried and collapsed.
　　'We got just their legs, right?' Talia asked Liseli.
　　'Can you stop worrying about the people who don't have good intentions?' Liseli snorted when she felt that Talia felt guilty about it. 'Just do you, girl, and let me handle bad stuff. Focus on our guests who are approaching steadily.'
　　At Liseli's words, another wave of anxiety hit Talia. These rogues had no intention of talking as they were already in their wolf forms.
　　Should she use her powers? Didn't she already expose herself? Talia thought that it didn't matter, not anymore.
　　Talia could feel the adrenaline rush coming from Liseli, and she gave in.
　　With a flash of light, Talia became a light gray wolf enveloped in silvery light which made her glow in the dark forest.
　　The first wolves had reached them already, and growls shook the area as Lulu was entangled in a fight.
　　Talia kept Lulu on her left, and she exerted her aura in other directions, effectively suppressing the rogues coming from her right.
　　One rogue from the front jumped at Talia, and she avoided him clumsily, regretting that she didn't get any training to fight in her wolf form.
　　Sure, Liseli was deadly and charged with instincts to avoid danger and strike enemies. They also had powers, but when everyone was moving swiftly, and there were friendly units around, it was difficult to use those powers.
　　Talia didn't have time to count, but there were more than ten newcomers.
　　Talia glanced at Lulu to see that she was facing three wolves, jumping, biting, and kicking, each looking for a chance to get closer to the neck and deliver an incapacitating injury.
　　Everything around Talia was horrid, but she didn't allow herself to freeze in fear.
###Chapter 764 A dark morning (1)
Chapter 764 A dark morning (1)
　　Talia's insides jolted at the sight of a dark gray wolf coming from behind Lulu, and Talia rushed to intercept that one, hoping to lessen Lulu's burden.
　　The moment Talia's wolf collided with the dark gray wolf, her control of aura slipped, and the five wolves she was holding down moved to jump into the fray.
　　Talia gave Liseli control and focused on suppressing rogues that were mobile.
　　Talia tried not to think when Liseli twisted her body and got her fangs into the neck of the dark gray wolf. The sensation of ripping the flesh of a live creature was nauseating, but Talia managed to keep it together and not disturb her wolf. This was not a game.  
　　Once the dark gray wolf stopped moving, Liseli released him and turned to find her next target.
　　A yelp escaped Liseli's maw when two light brown wolves jumped on her from behind, making her lose her balance.
　　Talia could feel Liseli's rage mixing with adrenaline as she got back to her feet, and then the whole world slowed down.
　　Lulu pounced on one of the two light brown wolves that attacked Liseli, pushing him to the side. In the next moment, Lulu was back in the air, about to jump on the second light brown wolf, when two other wolves came from behind Lulu and slammed into her, effectively changing her trajectory.
　　Lulu's wolf rolled, and before she could stabilize herself, those two wolves were on top of her.
　　'No! NO!' Talia screamed mentally at the sight of two wolves tearing with their fangs into Lulu's body at the same time.
　　Talia yanked control from Liseli and dashed toward Lulu as the surge of silvery light exploded in all directions, sending the nearby rogues flying.
　　…
　　Damon was on the verge of losing his mind. Where the hell were Talia and Lulu?
　　He followed the pull of the mate bond, but then it was gone.  
　　The whole forest was eerily quiet, which was never a good sign.
　　To make things worse, his mind-link was broken, and he was not sure if it was because of those devices Talia mentioned or because Talia and Lulu were engaged in fighting, and they shut down the mind-link so they wouldn't be disturbed.
　　Damon's anxiety was amplified whenever they bumped into rogues. He could barely sense them, and when spotted, instead of fighting, they would run. What the hell was that?
　　Damon would chase them if not for the priority of finding Talia. He hoped that patrols of the Blue River pack would discover those loose rogue units.
　　'Don't!' Damon mind-linked Maya, who started chasing two rogues who were running away. They discovered that even with their mind-linking obstructed, it still worked when they were close by.
　　'They might have answers,' Maya said to Damon.
　　'And they might run for reinforcements,' Damon grumbled. 'Our priority is to find Talia. Let's not separate.'
　　Maya didn't like that they were running in circles without knowing what was going on, but she knew that Damon was right.
　　A blinding flash of light exploded through the trees, and Damon rushed that way like crazy. There was only one person capable of doing something like that.  
　　'It's my Liseli!' Sapa shouted in Damon's mind. 'She is amazing! And she is angry.'
　　Damon didn't like it. Talia used her ability, flashing for everyone to see. Didn't he tell her to stay inside and not reveal her powers? But he knew that Talia wouldn't do that unless necessary, which meant she was facing a crisis.
　　'Faster, Sapa!'
　　'Any faster, and my paws will come off.'
　　Keith was right behind Damon, regretting that he didn't have some super-boost or teleporting ability like those witches. He would be there already and see the situation and help Talia and…
　　'I told you, Keith…' Lulu's voice sounded in Keith's mind through their mind-link. Why did she sound so weak?
　　'What's going on, Lulu?' Keith asked.
　　'I told you that I don't need the oath to prove my loyalty,' Lulu said, ignoring Keith's question. 'I always proved my loyalty with actions. Like now…'
　　'Lulu?' Keith called. 'Lulu!?'
　　Another silvery flash was seen, this one even stronger than the previous one, and Keith wondered if it was because they were closer or because Talia had increased her power output.
　　Damon and Keith nearly tripped on a rogue sprawled on the ground. Maya, Caden, and Caleb were right behind them.
　　"Waaah!" A scream reached them, and they all dashed toward the sound.
　　Damon's heart tightened at the sight of crying Talia. She was enveloped in silvery light that extended to Lulu's body. Talia was holding Lulu's head in her lap, there was a lot of blood, and he couldn't pick up Lulu's heartbeat.
　　Damon's urge was to comfort Talia, but his reason told him to first ensure there were no dangers.
　　Several rogues were unmoving on the ground, most of them were in their wolf forms. Damon guessed that Talia knocked them out somehow, and he frowned when he realized that they were dead.
　　Damon killed many, and he wouldn't think much about it, but he knew that was not Talia's style, and he was concerned about her mental state.
　　The pulsating silvery light from Talia's body was dimming, and she sobbed, unaware that Damon hugged her from behind or that Maya, Caden, Keith, and Caleb were also there, on their knees, looking at Lulu's lifeless body. Maya cried silently in Caden's arms, and Keith and Caleb stared at Lulu, having difficulty accepting that she was gone.
　　Damon held Talia and rocked her gently, letting her hold Lulu and cry it out.
　　He stared at the tree canopies above them that released some of the early morning light to illuminate the world that was darker compared to yesterday.
　　After an unknown measure of time, Talia became aware of her surroundings.
　　Somehow, she was wearing a t-shirt. There was no memory of her putting clothes on, but she was in Damon's embrace, and he was wearing a similar t-shirt also, and she guessed that Damon dressed her up while she was out of it.
　　Talia didn't register when Caden fetched t-shirts and sweatpants for everyone from the nearby stash of clothes.  
　　Damon's presence enveloped Talia, and she knew he was there, yet she couldn't calm down. Lulu's mutilated body was covered with a dark green t-shirt, and her hands were resting on her chest. 
　　Talia looked at her bloodied hands.
　　"I tried to save her," Talia said, her voice barely above a whisper. "I couldn't."
　　"Shhh," Damon shushed her. "It's OK. You did what you could."
　　"It's not OK," Talia said. How can this be OK? "Lulu died because she protected me. Rogues attacked me, and she jumped to save me and… ah… waaaah!" Talia was crying again. Gory images of rogues tearing into Lulu's body replayed in Talia's mind.
　　"Lulu's name will be etched in the wall of warriors who made sacrifices for their pack," Damon said, his voice solemn.
　　"Lulu died with honor," Keith said while struggling to keep his voice from breaking. "She had no regrets." He hoped this was the truth.
　　Keith knew that Lulu was aware everyone doubted her, yet she still came here and performed her duty like things were fine.
　　'You did it, Lulu,' Keith spoke into the mind-link, even though he knew Lulu couldn't hear him anymore. 'You proved your loyalty. Luna and Alpha acknowledged you and are mourning your loss. Did you hear you've got a spot on the wall of fallen warriors? That's the highest honor a warrior could have. Your father will be proud.'
###Chapter 765 A dark morning (2)
Chapter 765 A dark morning (2)
　　Damon's heart was breaking for Talia. It was her first time seeing something like that, and not just seeing but being in the middle of it. He knew that Talia was drowning in guilt that will plague her for years to come.
　　He was there about a decade ago when people died around him, for him, and there was nothing he could do about it. People told him it was not his fault, and it was their duty, and that didn't lessen the burden he felt. Actually, it made it worse because he thought of himself as a weak link that was causing everyone near him to die. Those were dark times in Damon's life, and he didn't have time to mourn one death before the next one came, and he wondered if people would be better off without him.  
　　But then he had Caden and Stephanie, and they convinced him that pack without him will suffer, and the only way to prevent unnecessary carnage was for Damon to get stronger. And he did.  
　　Over the years, he trained in much more than fighting. Damon hardened his heart and steeled his mind and managed to push through crisis after crisis... but this was Talia, his delicate kitten. She was breaking apart in his arms, and he hated it.
　　If he had one wish, that would be the power to erase this evening from her memory.  
　　Damon got an idea. What if he uses the memory-erasing potion?
　　'You shouldn't think that way,' Sapa said. 'Mate is strong. She is kind, which is wonderful, but in our world, that could lead to her death.'
　　Damon knew all that. Of course, he did. How many times did he tell Talia that people are malicious and that she should be cautious? But he loved that about her. Her nurturing nature allowed her to see the best in people.
　　Damon wished to be stronger, strong enough for both of them so that he could protect Talia from all the bad in this world. He would face the ugly stuff and let her stay pure and innocent with her untainted heart that was always ready to forgive.
　　Suddenly, Talia stopped crying, and her head whipped to the right. She narrowed her silvery eyes in that direction as if she could see through the trees and dense foliage.
　　"What is it?" Damon asked.
　　Without answering, Talia stood up slowly and started walking in that direction. She stepped over bodies of dead rogues like they were nothing and then continued moving straight. Damon was right behind her, and so were Maya and Caden.
　　Keith and Caleb stayed next to Lulu's body, per Caden's command.
　　Talia circled one bush and stopped in front of a body. His presence was so vague that one would think he was not there or was dead, but he was staring at Talia, Damon, Maya, and Caden.
　　"A live one," Maya said. "Good, we can interrogate him."
　　"We can't," Talia said dryly. "The moment he tries to divulge anything about this operation, he will burst into flames."
　　Maya, Caden, and Damon frowned at Talia's words. They had never heard of such a thing as people bursting into flames for snitching.
　　"Are you sure?" Maya asked.
　　Talia confirmed with a stiff nod and pointed at the guy who didn't move a muscle. "My guess is that painted outfit on him has some enchantment to conceal their presence and to prevent him from talking. Even when I used my aura to force them into talking, they burst into flames." It was close to the truth, as she couldn't say in front of Maya and Caden that Liseli was forcing her way into their minds.
　　"So, what do we do?" Caden asked. "We can't interrogate him, and we can't let him go."
　　"Kill him," Talia said.
　　"No, wait!" Damon shouted. "Don't dirty your hands, kitten. Let me do it."
　　Talia looked at Damon, and her eyes stopped flickering in silvery light in a silent agreement. Right, her Damon was here, with his power to make everything better.
　　The scene of Lulu dying left a gaping hole in Talia's heart, and she wondered if Damon will be able to mend it somehow, or at least make it less painful. Talia wondered if she was too greedy. Should she expect Damon to fix all her problems?
　　"Let's us take care of this guy," Maya said, indicating that she and Caden will kill the rogue. "We need to take Lulu and get out of here."
　　The daylight didn't make this forest any less gloomy, and it fully revealed that they were all covered in cuts and bruises, but the biggest drain was on their mind. They all wanted to head back, wash off remnants of this night and maybe wake up to find that it was just a bad dream.
　　Caden gestured to Maya to step back. "I will do it." He turned to look at the rogue. "You are lucky. I will make this quick."
　　The rogue couldn't believe this! Why were they casually talking about who will kill him? And what was that nonsense about luck for making it quick? Lucky was being alive, and that was what he wanted!
　　He cursed his non-existent luck. 
　　He grew up in a human city with his mother, who was a she-wolf. His mother passed last year, and since then, he has been wandering, trying to find out more about his kind because his mother never spoke about werewolves.
　　Only two months ago, he joined Tristan's group of rogues, and until now, he made a few trips to human town to collect some packages. He was a messenger. For tonight, they told him that he only needed to come here and act as a scout, to navigate people in various directions if anyone stumbles upon him and avoid fighting. It should be an easy thing as he was always a quick runner and good at hiding. After all, he spent his teenage years among humans and they didn't discover that he was different. 
　　After experiencing how werewolves live, he realized it was not so glorious as he hoped it would be. He was planning to head South after getting his reward money. He dreamed of sunny beaches and half-naked babes, and not this who-will-kill-him crap!
　　They all seemed eager to end him, and he didn't dare cry for mercy. How can he get out of this?
　　Caden reached for the rogue, who was pushing himself away from Caden, using his arms and legs, and resembling an inverted spider.
　　"I didn't do anything," he said. "I was told…"
　　"Do I look like I care?" Caden interrupted him.
　　"Let him talk," Talia said. "The more he talks, the higher is the probability he will burst into flames and save you the trouble."
　　The rogue shut his mouth with so much force that his teeth clattered.
　　After two more attempts for Caden to grab the rogue's neck, Caden lost his patience and grabbed the guy's ankle. He would tackle the rogue, but the guy was naked, and Caden didn't want to engage in more skinship than necessary. 
　　"Stay still, will ya?" Caden said irritably.
　　The scene would be comical if not for everyone's wretched states and for the fact that they were set on killing the guy.
　　Damon rolled his eyes. Why was this taking so long? "Move to the side, Caden."
　　The rogue thought they will spare him, but then Damon released Talia from his hold and moved to stand above him.
　　"It will be your honor to experience death from Alpha Damon, the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. Any last words? You have three seconds. Talia, look away."
　　The rogue felt like crying. First luck, now honor? This was more like horror!
###Chapter 766 Things were not all bad (1)
Chapter 766 Things were not all bad (1)
　　'Will you let that rogue die just like that?' Liseli's voice sounded in Talia's head.
　　Talia didn't get it. 'What?'
　　'We can get into his mind and get some information before he self-combusts.'
　　Talia thought how that made sense.
　　"Damon, wait! Let me do it."
　　The rogue's eyes were wide as saucers. Now she wanted to kill him? Were they tagging each other? At this rate, he will die from stress.
　　"No, kitten…"
　　"Please. I know what I'm doing."
　　The rogue hoped they would bicker more, and he would use that chance to escape.
　　At the sight of Damon yielding to Talia, the rogue swallowed hard. Even the big bad Alpha was listening to her, which told the rogue that Talia was probably the most dangerous out of the four.
　　An unfamiliar Alpha aura reached them, and they saw two figures approaching. Kalina and Varya.
　　'I will tell them what happened,' Maya said to Damon through the pack mind-link, to which he nodded, and Maya moved to intercept the newcomers.
　　"What's going on?" Kalina asked Maya while craning her neck to see where Damon and Talia were looking. Was there something on the ground?
　　Maya waved like it was not important. "Just a rogue. They will end him in a moment. You might want to look away."
　　"No…" Varya said under her breath and rushed that way.
　　Varya's sight was obstructed by bushes, but there was a distinct scent of oranges that didn't belong there, and her wolf was going crazy, which could mean only one thing.
　　The rogue scrambled to his feet and looked at Talia nervously.
　　"Wait. Wait," he pleaded. He had no idea what Talia was up to, but he knew it was nothing good. "Can we talk about this?"
　　Talia had no intention of chatting. She was about to force her way into the rogue's mind when…
　　"NO!" Varya shouted and threw herself at the male who was quick to catch her.
　　"Move aside, woman," Damon grumbled at Varya. He knew that was Kalina's sister, but he forgot her name.
　　Seeing that Varya had no intention of moving, Damon's temper flared. Why did it take so long to kill this bug?
　　"The thing you are protecting is a rogue, and he is…"
　　"Varya's mate," Talia ended Damon's sentence, and Damon gaped at Talia.
　　"What did you say?" Caden asked, wondering if his ears malfunctioned.
　　It was rare for rogues to be mated, but it was not unheard of. Unfortunately, due to their wild nature, rogues were not known as the most loyal mates. Needless to say that those couples don't find their happy ending as the rogue usually ends up exploiting his (or her) mate.
　　Caden didn't know much about Varya besides her name and that she was one of five Wilkow sisters, but he already felt sorry for the female. Kalina and Tatiana were mated to Alphas, and Daria and Lidia to established warriors, and what all four had in common were that their mates adored them. As for Varya and this rogue, Caden had a bad feeling.
　　"They are mates," Talia repeated.
　　Damon needed a moment to process this information. How he saw this, Kalina's sister and the rogue being mates didn't change a thing. "I'm sorry for your unfortunate destiny, but the sooner you step away from each other, the less painful it will be."
　　Damon looked at Kalina, who was only a few steps away now with Maya by her side. "How about you get your sister out of here?"
　　"We can't kill him," Talia said.
　　Damon couldn't believe this. "What?"
　　"Look at them," Talia said.
　　Varya was holding onto the rogue, and he was trying to push her to stand behind him. When that didn't work, he turned his back to Talia and Damon, blocking Varya from their view.
　　"He is a rogue!" Damon said, believing that this explained how that guy shouldn't be left alive. "Do you know how much trouble they are causing? Do you know how many people they harmed? Just tonight, at least a dozen warriors perished! Lulu is dead!"
　　Varya's eyes filled with tears. Her heart ached, it really did, but how could she choose between what's right and her other half? Her wolf howled and scratched to come out at the thought of Varya abandoning this orange-infused man.
　　"Then kill me with him," Varya said.
　　"Don't harm her! I never killed a person," the rogue said. "I am a messenger, a scout. I'm…"
　　"Stop talking," Talia said. "If you say too much, if you even think about betraying your leader, you might burst into flames."
　　The rogue wondered if he heard this right. Were they giving up on killing him, or was the leader-lady with silvery eyes saying that only so his mate doesn't get hurt? He tightened his hold on Varya, just in case.
　　"Don't try to separate us. If he goes to the dungeon, I will go with him." Varya said in a shaky voice.
　　Kalina couldn't believe this. She heard plenty of stories about rogues to know that they were trouble. "Let go of my sister, you… you… animal!"
　　"I'm holding onto him as well," Varya protested.
　　"Do you know him from before?" Kalina asked.
　　Varya looked into the rogue's eyes. "My soul knows him. That's enough."
　　The scene of Varya defending him fiercely made him forget that just a few seconds ago, four people were set on killing him. She was his mate, and she smelled of peanut butter, the one he had loved to eat since he was a child. His favorite part was licking the jar clean, and he knew that he loved her already.
　　Caden raised his hands toward Varya, palms up, to get her attention. "Varya, I know things in Europe are different, and you didn't grow up in a pack. But rogues are dangerous. They will steal and kill without blinking."
　　"I can tell he is not dangerous," Varya said stubbornly. How could he be dangerous? He was her other half, and his eyes were full of wonder and affection even though he didn't know her name. "I am Varya."
　　"Varya." He repeated. "I am Grady."
　　"Grady," she said dreamily while tracing with her finger his jaw that was covered in a few days old stubble. "It suits you."
　　Kalina was unsure what to think of the scene in front of her, and she was not the only one.
　　Varya and Grady stared at each other, they were mates who found their other half, which should be a good thing, but this was different.
　　"No kissing!" Kalina exclaimed, making Varya and Grady look her way. "If you truly care about my sister, you will control your urge to kiss her, mark her, or mate her until we clarify your status."
　　Grady nodded right away, and only then Kalina realized that his so-called tight clothes were just bodypaint. He was naked!
　　"Put some clothes on! And stop clinging to my sister! Scoundrel!" Kalina hissed, releasing some of her Alpha aura that made both Varya and Grady take a step back from Kalina.
　　Talia smiled sadly at the scene because even when faced with Kalina's Alpha pressure, Grady was quick to stand in front of Varya protectively. Somehow, it told Talia that things were not all bad as there was some good in the world.
###Chapter 767 Things were not all bad (2)
Chapter 767 Things were not all bad (2)
　　Damon looked at Talia and asked through their mind-link, 'What do you want to do with the rogue? What if he killed our people? Do you want me to handle him?'
　　Talia was not sure what was the right thing to do. She was aware that her emotions were unstable. So many things happened, and until Varya jumped on Grady, Talia actually wanted to kill him. What was wrong with her? Did the darkness creep into her heart again, or was it the harsh reality?
　　Whichever it was, Talia knew that if she made a rash decision, she would regret it.
　　'Let's think about this,' Talia said. 'We can't kill him without evidence, not with Varya being his mate. If he is not one of the bad guys, he will help us out.'
　　'What if he backstabs us?'
　　'Then, we will kill him.'
　　Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. He sensed that her hostility was fizzling down, and he was not sure if that was a good thing or not.  
　　Adrenaline helped Talia move after what happened to Lulu, but now that Talia was calming down, Damon was watching her and wondering if she will collapse due to heartache.  
　　Kalina's rant at Varya and her newly-found mate broke the grim atmosphere filled with death that suffocated them, and Talia could breathe easier.
　　Damon spoke to his Betas, "Caden, can you get some clothes for him? The two of you will escort them to the packhouse and keep an eye on him until Alpha Maddox decides how to handle him."
　　"What about the self-combusting thing?" Maya asked. She had no problems escorting a rogue, but she was uncomfortable with the idea of him becoming a man-torch and possibly harming people around him.
　　Talia was thinking about it since she realized that the body paint on rogues was enchanted. "Call Cornelia to check on him. She might be able to remove it. Also, if I'm right that it's due to the paint, a shower might wash it away."
　　Maya thought about how it made sense, but... wasn't that a too simple solution? Can evil spells be washed away with water?
　　"Keith and Caleb will take care of Lulu," Damon said to Talia. "We should also go to the packhouse."
　　Talia really wanted to go to the packhouse, but… "We can't go. We need to help Max and his men find jamming devices. Until Max's warriors can communicate properly, we are all in danger."
　　Damon agreed with this, but he had a condition, "We are doing it together. No separating."
　　He was still angry because Talia didn't listen. Why couldn't she stay put in the packhouse?
　　Sure, she is powerful, and she found these jamming devices, and thanks to a strange twist in events, even Varya found her mate, a rogue that might be a significant asset if he agrees to cooperate. But none of those would be worth a squat if Talia was hurt... or worse. And he knew that the scar of Lulu's death will take forever to heal. His kitten had her brave face on, but Damon could feel she was on the verge of cracking.
　　"You can't comb this forest on your own," Kalina said. "Tony is with Max. Tell me what you need, and I will send them a message."
　　"First, inform him about these devices.", Talia said. "They are obstructing the mind-link and Alpha's aura. We found one hidden among the roots of…" Talia's breath hitched at the mental image of her and Lulu bickering about who will flip the switch. It felt like just a minute ago, Lulu was right there, closing her eyes in panic while bracing herself for an explosion that never came.
　　"It will be alright," Damon spoke softly while pulling Talia into his embrace, guessing that Talia was breaking down again because of Lulu.
　　She buried her face into his chest. "Does the pain go away?"
　　"No," he said. "But you learn to accept it as your new normal. Think of your memories as a way of honoring the ones who died."
　　Damon's heart ached as Talia sobbed into his chest. He told himself that it was all part of the process she had to go through. Bad things happen to good people, and there was nothing they could do about it.
　　After an unknown measure of time, Talia peeled herself from Damon. She glanced embarrassingly to see that Maya, Caden, Kalina, Varya, and Grady were there, all pretending to not notice her meltdown.
　　Talia wiped her cheeks with the back of her palm.
　　She frowned at the wet patch of tears and snot on Damon's t-shirt, and somehow… it reminded her of an evening next to the lake, where she ruined his designer's shirt, and he forced her to touch his chest, and then they watched fireworks. That memory felt like it was from ages ago as so many things have happened since then.
　　At that time, Talia was shy around Damon, reluctant to get closer, yet now she needed him more than air. He was her home.
　　"You need another t-shirt," she said.
　　"I will keep this one. Like this, parts of you will always be with me."
　　"How about you get another t-shirt, and I stay with you?"
　　Caden was already passing a t-shirt to Damon, but Damon didn't take it.
　　Damon was focused on Talia. "Do you promise to not leave my side?"
　　"Don't make it sound like this separation was my fault," Talia grumbled. "You were the one running out to fight rogues, and you told me to stay inside."
　　Damon knew that he was at fault here, but… "I did it for your safety."
　　This reminded Talia of one thing she didn't tell Damon. She was not sure how others will react, so she spoke through their mind-link. 'They were here for me, Damon.'
　　Damon felt his hair rising. 'What?'
　　'They didn't know me as Alpha Natalia. They addressed me as your Luna. Someone from the Dark Howlers pack told them that you left for this event with your Luna, and that's how they knew I will be here.'
　　Damon needed a moment to calm down. 'Kitten. This is important. Why didn't you tell me this right away?'
　　Talia didn't want to argue. 'If you are like this, next time, I won't tell you.'
　　Damon couldn't believe this. 'Next time?' But he also knew she was right. 'I'm sorry, kitten. It's just… I am worried about your safety. Next time, we won't separate. If I go hunting rogues, you are coming with me.'
　　'Alright,' Talia said and continued speaking normally for everyone to hear. "Take the t-shirt Caden is giving you, and we can start searching for those devices. If my hunch is correct, most of them will be close to the packhouse."
　　Damon frowned in disapproval. "You want us to go through this forest randomly?"
　　Talia paused. She knew that was not feasible. "We don't need to. We can circle the packhouse and fish out a few devices to show them to Max's warriors. Once they see what those devices look like, they can spread out to search for them. If their mind-link doesn't work, that will mean they are nearby…"
　　…
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 768 A pregnant Luna
Chapter 768 A pregnant Luna
　　In the packhouse…
　　Tatiana had her hands full with sorting through reports about damage and casualties.
　　The pack hospital was getting filled quickly. In order to handle an unprecedented number of injured, the doctors set up a tent outside to triage patients and do first-aid before deciding if they could be sent home or if they needed to stay in the pack hospital. Cornelia went there with Ivy and Lily to help with patients, and Meg stayed by Tatiana's side to help her with administrative work.
　　It was busy, and the hardest part was when they needed to take a note of another life lost. The number of fatalities reached seventeen.
　　Tatiana was exhausted and overwhelmed. She took a sip of now cold coffee and waved to a nearby Omega to bring her another.
　　"Should you be drinking coffee?" Meg asked Tatiana.
　　Tatiana puffed her cheeks in frustration. She loved coffee. But now she was pregnant, and she needed to eat (and drink) healthy things.
　　"Make it herbal tea. Something refreshing.", Tatiana said to the Omega, and then she turned to Meg. "Happy?"
　　"I will be when you mind-link that woman to make two of those."
　　Tatiana did as Meg asked, and then she looked around the living room. People were coming in and out, talking in hushed voices. The solemn atmosphere and grim expressions were obvious signs of how serious their situation was.
　　Tatiana's eyes moved to the papers scattered on the low table in front of her. How did things fall apart so quickly?
　　They were planning her wedding. It was supposed to be elegant and glamorous, something that future generations will talk about, and they will, but for the wrong reasons.
　　No one will remember the previous night as the one where Alpha Maddox and Luna Tatiana had a fantastic ceremony. This will be the day of mourning, the day when many perished. Seventeen good people were gone, and Tatiana feared that every next report might increase that number.
　　The unexpectedly large number of rogues they found within their territory was evidence that someone leaked not only the latest information about their patrols but also helped rogues pick the right spots to hide. That could be done only by someone from the Blue River pack. A traitor.
　　Tatiana could sense Maddox's anger and anguish mixing, and she was unsure how to help him. He was out there with warriors, ensuring that no rogues were left lingering, but no matter how much they combed the forest, there were always spots left unchecked. Damn it!
　　Maya and Kalina entered the living room that was filled with people, and Tatiana was in the middle of it all.
　　"We need a place to store Lulu's body until we can take her home," Maya said to Tatiana right away. "Somewhere cold. With water would be best, so that we can wash her. We don't want her father to see her like that."
　　Tatiana's heart ached. How much bad news one night can produce?
　　Tatiana had difficulty believing how that same night, Lulu was in this living room, munching on grapes and enthusiastically escorting Talia, yet now Tatiana needed to find a place for her body.  
　　"I am sorry for your loss," Tatiana said, and Maya nodded in acknowledgment.
　　"Take her to the basement. An Omega will show you which room you can use."
　　"Thank you, Tanya," Maya responded, and the fact that she didn't move meant there was more.
　　"Anything else?" Tatiana asked Maya.
　　"I don't see Cornelia here."
　　"She is at the pack hospital, helping."
　　"Can you send a message that she should come here? There is a situation that only she can handle," Maya said cryptically.
　　Tatiana's eyes lost focus for a moment, and then she said, "Someone will tell her to come as soon as she can."
　　Maya thanked Tatiana and left.
　　"Tanya?" Kalina called.
　　Before Kalina could say anything, Tatiana was talking.
　　"You can help me with these." Tatiana gestured at one stack of papers that one Omega had brought in. "Count injured, see if any are dead, take note if repairs or supplies are needed, and let me know if anything stands out."
　　Seeing that Kalina didn't move, Tatiana looked at her impatiently.
　　"Did you come to look at me or to help?"
　　"Neither."
　　Tatiana couldn't believe this. The correct answer would be to help! "Why are you here then?"
　　Kalina was trying to figure out how to say this, but there was no point in sugarcoating it, so she decided to say it outright.
　　"Varya found her mate," Kalina said, and she pressed her lips into a line while bracing for impact.
　　Tatiana's eyes widened in surprise. That's fantastic news! But why did Kalina's mood seem off? And why did she say it softly so that others don't hear? Tatiana thought of one possibility, "Is he injured?"
　　"No."
　　"Then? Is there something wrong with him?"
　　"You could say that," Kalina said. "He is not affiliated with any pack."
　　Tatiana was stressed and exhausted, and she hated that Kalina spoke in riddles. What was that supposed to mean? Was he one of their kind? Their parents always said how only special werewolves could live like them: as individuals, without a pack link, and without their wolves going feral. The Wilkow parents spoke about it like it was a big deal, and Kalina should be happy if Varya's mate was one of them. Or was he human?
　　"Can you stop beating around the bush?" Tatiana asked impatiently. "Just tell me what's the deal with him."
　　"A rogue."  
　　Tatiana's mouth hung open. "Sorry. It's been a long night. For a moment, I thought you said how he is a rogue."
　　"That's what I said."
　　"Is he alive?"
　　Kalina confirmed. "He was captured by the group from the Dark Howlers pack. Varya said that if we kill him, we need to kill her as well."
　　Tatiana was sure that the room was spinning. "Where is she? I want to talk to her!"
　　"Caden is watching them outside on the driveway. We are still not sure where to take them."
　　"Them? THEM?" Tatiana's temper was rising. "Who is THEM!?"
　　All Omegas in the room covered under the wave of Tatiana's aura. It was obvious that their Luna was angry.
　　Kalina raised her hands, palms up, indicating to Tatiana to calm down. "Them. Them. Didn't I tell you that Varya found her mate? They are together. His name is Grady."
　　Kalina wanted to say how he seemed to be a good guy, but the truth was that Kalina didn't believe in that herself. And how can she vouch for a man who came with the same group which caused all this mess?
　　Kalina saw fights and injuries, but this was different. People died. Until a few minutes ago, she was escorting Lulu's body. That was Lulu, a female she knew, a warrior with a promising future, Talia's personal guard, about the same age as Kalina… but it was all gone now. A life was gone.
　　Kalina had no idea how Tatiana was holding on, but she knew that if this happened in the Lightclaw pack, she would feel responsible for every injury and death. That was a weight too heavy for anyone to carry. And Kalina could guess that Tatiana hated rogues specifically.
　　"Grady," Tatiana said with disgust. "Now they have names, do they?"
　　Tatiana stood up abruptly and walked out in large strides.
　　Kalina was quick to follow after her sister.
　　What will Tatiana do? Kalina was unsure, but Tatiana always had a temper, and now she was also under the influence of pregnancy hormones. Kalina had a good guess that Grady should brace for impact and Varya should get ready to defend her bond.
###Chapter 769 Venting anger
Chapter 769 Venting anger
　　Grady and Varya were sitting on the elevated edge that was separating the driveway from the lawn. They held hands and stared at each other.
　　Varya had so many questions, but she didn't feel like asking because Caden was right there, behind them.
　　Grady's eyes were darting all over Varya's petite face, lingering on her inviting lips he wanted to claim, but he held back. Not because of Caden, but because of Varya.
　　From everyone's attitude, Grady understood that people were looking down on him. He grew up with his mother, away from this world of werewolves, and when he bumped into Tristan and his group, no one told him that being a rogue was a bad thing. 
　　They said they were free spirits, able to make their decisions and live on their own terms, and Grady thought how that sounded nice. As a bonus, for the first time in his life, he didn't need to hide when shifting into his wolf form, and there were many others just like him.
　　For the first time, he felt like he belonged somewhere.
　　But even with that, there were confinements he didn't like. The primary issues were that amenities in their small settlement were lacking and they had to be extra careful when venturing outside.
　　Tristan personally taught him to conceal his presence, and he had to be more vigilant than when he lived among humans.
　　When Grady asked why they were hiding like thieves if they did nothing wrong, Tristan told him that some of their kind live in packs and that unaffiliated werewolves like them were jeopardizing that hierarchy because youngsters from packs looked up to them. At that time, Grady believed Tristan, and now that he saw everyone looking at him like he was dirty, Grady's belief in that firmed.  
　　If not for Varya, Grady would find a way to leave this wretched place.
　　But she was there, holding his hand, and the electrifying sparks told him that this was his home. With Varya.  
　　Both Grady and Varya jolted when a fierce aura reached them.
　　"Sister!" Varya called Tatiana first. "Let me introduce you to…"
　　A low growl escaped Tatiana's lips, and Varya moved to stand in front of Grady.
　　"He is my mate. You can't…"
　　"This is my territory," Tatiana cut off Varya. "No one will tell me what I can and can't do here."
　　Caden swiftly moved to stand between the couple and angry Luna. "Calm down, Luna Tatiana. My Alpha and Luna sent him here. He can be of help."
　　Tatiana frowned. "What can a scum like him help?"
　　"He has information. But he can't disclose it now because of something they did…" Caden explained about body paint and bursting into flames and that Cornelia might be able to help.
　　"Stay away from him!" Tatiana hissed at Varya and then turned to Caden. "If body paint is the problem, why don't we wash it off? I'm sure we have a pressure washer nearby. Or how about we peel his skin off?"
　　"Tanya!" Varya called pleadingly.
　　"What!?" Tatiana snapped. "I heard you. He is your mate. But that doesn't change the fact he is a rogue. Do you know how many people we lost last night? We have casualties among guests, people in shelters, and our people. Warriors who were born and raised here, our people. I felt them, Varya. I felt when their lives were extinguished. It was like a part of me died, and it was all his fault!"
　　"He didn't kill anyone!" Varya shouted at Tatiana.
　　"His hands have no blood on them, and that makes it OK? Would his hands still be clean if he was caught later? If he meant no harm, why did he come here? Do you think that only by killing he could harm us? That rogue you call mate came here with people who killed MY people. My schedule is filled with joyful activities to entertain high-ranking members of other packs, but instead, I need to visit a dozen families and tell them that their sons and daughters died. Do you think that anyone will feel better because they died honorably, protecting this pack? There wouldn't be any need to protect the pack if they didn't come here! Gods! I would kill him myself if that would bring any of those innocent souls back. I would kill him right now if that would soothe wounds my pack suffered."
　　Tatiana jolted when Kalina's hand landed on her shoulder.
　　"Are you done venting your anger?" Kalina asked.
　　Tatiana glared at Kalina. "You tell me."
　　"We are all tired. Max and Tony are on their way back, and I suggest we take a quick break, shower, and eat. Let Omegas work on reports while you get a breather. You are pregnant now, and you need to take care of that baby."
　　…
　　When James returned, he saw Cornelia in front of the packhouse. She was squatting and collecting with cotton swabs samples of Grady's body paint.
　　James didn't like that Cornelia was so close to another guy, and he was on the verge of shifting and tearing that guy into pieces, but then he realized that other people were present. Maya, Caden, and Kalina were watching what Cornelia was doing, and a few warriors were standing nearby in attention, obviously keeping an eye on Grady.
　　James scrunched his nose. Why did he smell a rogue?
　　"After you wash up, we will see what's next," Cornelia said to Grady.
　　Before James reached her, Cornelia whipped her head in his direction, and her eyes scanned his exhausted form anxiously.
　　Dropping the samples in Maya's hands, Cornelia dashed toward James, and he welcomed her eagerly into his embrace.
　　"I was worried," she spoke into his shoulder.
　　"It's all fine now, Cora," he responded.
　　She nodded. It was not fine, but it was much better because they were together.
　　Two seconds later, Cornelia's body stiffened as she remembered, "What if your father is watching?"
　　James had no intention of letting her go. He needed her presence more than air, but he also needed a justification for their public display of affection. It took him a second to come up with something.
　　"My father knows we spent the night together. I left a great impression by satisfying you repeatedly, and it's normal that you are concerned about me."
　　Cornelia couldn't believe that he was using this as a chance to boost his ego, but she didn't want to bicker. "Is kiss acceptable?"
　　"Cora, Cora. Kiss is a necessity."
　　Their lips met in an urgent kiss that lasted much shorter than they wanted.
　　"You should shower," Cornelia said. He was wearing clothes that didn't fit him well, there were traces of mud and dried blood on him, but Cornelia craved privacy with her mate.
　　While James was away, Cornelia was worried sick. That's why she went to the pack hospital to help. She wanted to keep busy and ensure that if James was injured, she would be there to tend to him.
　　The time in the pack hospital felt like forever, every new patient made her stomach tighten at the thought that it might be James, and then she felt guilty because of the happiness when she realized how that bloodied warrior was not James. The whole night was an emotional rollercoaster, and she wanted just to snuggle with James behind closed doors and never come out.
　　"I will shower," James said to Cornelia before adding, "But only if you are coming."
　　"I wouldn't miss it for the world."
　　"Breakfast starts in five minutes!" Kalina shouted after them. "Food will be waiting for the next two hours! You have an option to ask for food in your room!"
###Chapter 770 A gloomy breakfast
Chapter 770 A gloomy breakfast
　　Nora spent the night in one of the side houses, and she had no idea why the whole packhouse was busy so early in the morning. She thought about sneaking in before breakfast or at least making it low-key, but she underestimated how early these people woke up.
　　"Did something happen?" Nora asked one Omega.
　　"We had a minor incident, but nothing that should concern you," Omega responded as Luna Tatiana instructed.
　　They still didn't know the extent of damage and casualties, and until they prepared an official statement, the story for guests was that nothing major happened.
　　The Blue River pack returned to their regular routine as people were emerging from shelters. On the outside, things looked normal, and only the warriors who were in the middle of it knew how bad it was.
　　There was one soul that suffered a heavy blow. Jane couldn't stop sobbing, no matter how much Mindy comforted her. Only after Gideon fired up the calming incense did Jane fall asleep.
　　Beta Oliver returned, and he immediately relieved Maya and Caden from the burden of watching over Grady.  
　　Warriors escorted Grady to the shared bathroom that soldiers used. It was a big space with dozens of showerheads, so Grady could clean up while being watched. Of course, Varya followed Grady. She didn't want to leave him out of sight, fearing someone might attack him just because he was a rogue.
　　Varya didn't get it. She was also a wolf without a pack. Would they look down on her also if her sister was not the Luna here? 
　　Varya grew up in a diverse environment, with more humans than werewolves, and she learned to judge everyone by how they treated her. Based on that criteria, Grady was definitely a good guy. Why can't they leave them alone?
　　Damon and Talia worked with a few smaller units of warriors to identify the cube-shaped devices. After finding a few, Damon suggested they return to the packhouse, but Talia wanted to keep going.
　　"You won't achieve anything if you work yourself into collapsing, kitten," Damon said. He knew that she was staying busy so that she didn't think about Lulu's death. "You didn't sleep the whole night."
　　"You didn't sleep either," Talia retorted. "And neither did these warriors. I'm just doing what I can."
　　"You should listen to me when I say that doing this is only postponing the inevitable. We have a lot to do and some things only we can do, and this is not one of them."
　　Talia gave in grudgingly. Staying distracted was not working anyway. Whenever she saw a cube-shaped device, Lulu's face resurfaced in Talia's memory, and Talia's heart ached. It wouldn't hurt that badly if Lulu didn't die while protecting Talia, and it would hurt even less if Talia didn't suspect Lulu of being a traitor. Talia believed she wronged Lulu, and it was too late to say sorry and fix things.
　　Breakfast was gloomy.
　　People who knew what happened last night didn't want to talk about it. There was a danger that casualties from last night could be labeled as Maddox's and Tatiana's incompetence, so no relevant information left their inner circle, especially because they had press members in attendance.
　　Talia was unsure if she wanted to reveal that she was marked, but she had no intention of applying makeup, so she tied a silk scarf around her neck.
　　Damon was wearing a polo t-shirt, and he lifted the collar. It made him look cool, and it also concealed Talia's mark there.
　　They were all sitting in the same positions as they did for dinner on the previous night, with the difference that about one-half of the seats were empty.
　　Even with that, there were more than a hundred people present, and guests were coming to Beta Oliver to inquire about Maddox and Tatiana. Everyone hoped to hear from Alpha and Luna of the Blue River pack about last night's disturbance.
　　After the third group came to Beta Oliver, he went to the stage and took the microphone.
　　"I would ask for your attention, please," Beta Oliver said. "Last night, we had an intrusion of rogues into our territory that caused everyone inconvenience. Reports are still coming in, and once we know the details, we will share them with you. Until then, we can assure you that the situation is resolved. We will proceed with our schedule for today as planned, with the difference that our Alpha and Luna might be absent for some time while they catch up on their sleep. Thank you for your understanding."
　　Of course, Maddox and Tatiana were not resting. They were working from their room while having their meal there because they knew that people would disturb them. After last night's events, Maddox and Tatiana didn't have the capacity to smile and entertain their guests, and they had many things to handle. Guests will need to wait.
　　"I don't see James and Cornelia here," Talia said.
　　"They asked for food to be delivered to their room," Maya responded. "After they are done, Cornelia will see Grady to deal with his fiery problem."
　　"I want to be there also," Talia demanded.
　　Maya glanced nervously at Damon, who was frowning in disapproval.
　　"I thought you would rest," Damon said to Talia.
　　"Can you rest in these circumstances?"
　　When Damon didn't respond, Talia turned to Maya. "What happened to Lulu?"
　　Maya lowered her gaze. "We found her a good place for now and cleaned her."
　　Talia turned to Damon. "I know we said we will stay for three days, but…"
　　"We can return whenever you want," Damon said.
　　Talia was grateful for his understanding. She wanted to return to the Dark Howlers pack with Lulu and talk to her father in person, but first… "As soon as we figure out things with Grady and hear what he has to say, we can go."
　　…
　　In the room on the second floor…
　　James absentmindedly fed Cornelia.
　　"You should eat also," she said while offering him a forkful of scrambled eggs. When he opened his mouth to accept her offerings, Cornelia asked, "Will you tell me what's going on?"
　　He was unusually quiet and clingy. They were sitting on the sofa next to each other, connected at the hips. Any closer and she would sit on his lap.
　　James shook his head. "It's been a long night." His arm snaked around her shoulders, and he pulled her to lean on him. "I'm glad you are here."
　　Cornelia exhaled helplessly. She couldn't do anything if he was unwilling to talk.
　　A knock on the door disturbed the silence, and James opened the door to see Maddox.
　　"Alpha Maddox, what brings you here?" James asked.
　　"Sorry to interrupt, but I have a question," Maddox said and gestured toward the room, indicating that they should talk inside.
　　Maddox closed the door behind him. "This is about… you know who. Do you have instructions on how to deal with her body?"
　　James didn't expect that. "Do whatever you normally do."
　　"We normally bury them in our cemetery unless they previously expressed a desire for a different location or to be cremated, in which case we will try to fulfill their final wishes. I thought, considering her identity…"
　　James raised his hand, interrupting whatever Maddox was about to say next. "The Red Moon pack was never her home. If you want to ask about any special requests, I suggest you ask that female child who was crying over her."
　　Maddox nodded in understanding. "I apologize for interrupting and… I'm sorry for your loss."
　　With that, Maddox left the room.
###Chapter 771 Not a monster [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 771 Not a monster [Bonus chapter]
　　James returned to sit next to Cornelia on the sofa, and he absentmindedly poked a piece of sausage with a fork.
　　His hand froze mid-air when Cornelia asked, "Someone from your pack died?"
　　James released a long breath. He really didn't want to talk about it, but Cornelia overheard what Maddox said. He couldn't pretend like it was nothing. "My sister. She died last night."
　　Cornelia's eyes widened in slow motion when she understood that Maddox was talking about Marcy. Cornelia saw Marcy in the Dark Howlers pack. At that time, Marcy made a statement to a reporter in front of a camera about how she was giving up on the role of Damon's Luna so that she can travel the world.
　　Cornelia was confident that she will never hear about Marcy again, and it didn't cross her mind that Marcy will be here. Dead now.
　　"I went there last night," James spoke in a low voice. "I was hoping that she will be in the shelter, or maybe that she left this pack. But I found her in the forest, being beaten to death by rogues. There was a girl crying, yet I felt nothing. My biggest concern was to avoid exposure. If my father found out that Marcy was here, I would be in trouble. Alpha Damon and Alpha Maddox would also be blamed. I didn't care about Marcy."
　　Cornelia hugged him from the side. "I'm so sorry."
　　James snorted. "Why are you sorry? Didn't you hear what I said? I felt nothing. The female I considered to be my sister died, and I felt nothing. I am a monster."
　　Cornelia moved to look into his blue eyes which were like endless oceans as they reflected his internal struggle.
　　"Monsters don't feel, Jay. You are capable of love and care and anxiousness, and so many other emotions. I know. You are not a monster. You are just… broken."
　　James fisted her shirt, his fingers dug into the fabric, nearly ripping it but he didn't notice because he was staring into her dark brown eyes full of love as her words echoed in his mind.
　　"I am not a monster," he repeated.
　　"That is correct," Cornelia confirmed. "I know you are not a monster because you are my soulmate. You were forced to hide everything deep inside, so your father won't find it and use it against you. You hid your emotions so well that you couldn't recognize them anymore. I know you are scared. You are scared to look into the person your father molded, but I can tell you that I'm looking at him and he is not a monster. I am here for you and I'm not going anywhere. I won't force you to open up to me, but I hope that one day you will allow me to share your everything, pain included."
　　Cornelia raised her hands and wiped the moisture off his cheeks.
　　"See? I am right. Monsters don't cry. Monsters don't fear disappointing their other half. Your father broke you, but I know that my sweet Jay will feed me and put my needs first. My Jay will do everything he can to keep me safe, and he will rather harm himself than do something I might dislike. I love you, Jay. Together, we will get through everything."
　　James' shoulders shook and then he pulled her into him, and he sobbed silently.
　　Cornelia hugged him with all her might and patted his back. No matter how smart and how tall and how mature he was, in the end, he was still a sixteen years-old boy who was dealing with a lot.
　　His father was a horrible person, his mother didn't care, and he just saw his sister dying. He was surviving every day while fearing that his father will oust him due to the lack of Alpha aura, and there was also the point that James believed he was not strong enough to protect Cornelia, his mate. That was a lot of challenges for anyone to bear, and James was just one person.
　　At that moment, he looked like a fragile boy and Cornelia held him and let him cry it out because she knew that he needed it.
　　Part of her was glad that James broke down like that. He opened up and allowed her to see his vulnerable side. She knew that no one got to see that, and it made it special.
　　…
　　Later that afternoon…
　　Maddox led the group to an isolated stone building.
　　By his side was Tatiana, and behind them were Damon, Talia, Caden, Maya, Kalina, and Tony.
　　When they entered the room, they found Grady, Varya, Cornelia, and James.
　　Cornelia drew a circle with chalk on the stone floor.
　　Cornelia confirmed that Grady removed most of the unnatural energies by washing the body paint from his body, and she performed a few spells to extract the rest.
　　Cornelia said that she will need to investigate the collected samples to confirm how the bodypaint actually worked.
　　James ensured that no one could see his chocolate-colored Goddess doing her magic, so guards and Varya had to stay outside, but unfortunately… Grady saw it. Cornelia was performing the spells on him, so Grady was necessary.  
　　James was set on killing Grady at the smallest sign of betrayal. Actually, he might kill the guy just in case he reveals later how special Cornelia was.
　　Grady was overwhelmed by the hostility that was tangible. What the heck? Even that teen boy looked at him like he couldn't wait to end him.
　　No matter how Grady saw this, he disliked packs and whatever structure they were following. No one asked him his name, nor occupation; that one word "rogue" labeled him as a black sheep and it seemed that no amount of good deeds will help him appear clean. Maybe Tristan was right after all.
　　Grady's instincts told him that he was lucky to be alive. Somehow, the scout and observe mission that Tristan described escalated. He saw bodies of rogues being carried, and he recognized some.
　　For now, Grady decided to observe and cooperate. His priority was to survive, and he will find his exit later. Hopefully, with Varya by his side.
　　"The circle on the ground is to contain the flames, in case he spontaneously combusts," Cornelia explained when she finished.  
　　They all stood facing Grady, and Kalina had to drag Varya away from the guy.
　　Seven more rogues were caught alive, currently held in the dungeon, but Maddox didn't think they will give him any useful information. Leaders of rogue groups were not Alphas, and they had no way to enforce loyalty other than with threats, money, and brainwashing how everyone was out to kill them (which was not necessarily a lie).
　　"Do you understand that if you talk about your rogue group, you might die?" Maddox asked.
　　Grady shrugged. "What are my options?" He didn't believe the burst-into-flames story. And didn't the brown chick say how the burning curse was removed?
　　"Will you cooperate?" Maddox asked his next question.
　　"Yes," Grady responded without missing a beat.
　　"Why should we believe you?" Damon asked.
　　Grady looked at Varya. "Because I want to be with my mate. I will do anything to be with her."
　　"Even lie?" Damon asked stiffly.
　　Grady was not sure how to respond to this. Would he lie? Of course, he would! But if he says that, it can backfire big time.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 772 Interrogation of a rogue
Chapter 772 Interrogation of a rogue
　　Grady looked at the werewolves around him and he cursed internally when he realized that the only one not looking at him with malice or disgust was Varya.
　　If he knew things would turn out like this, he would stay in the human town and not seek werewolves. But then… if he did that, he wouldn't be able to inhale the addictive scent of peanut butter and feel the goodness of the sparks that came with Varya's touch. 
　　Grady didn't care about Tristan and he definitely didn't care about these people that surrounded him. The only person he cared about was the brunette he knew as Varya, and she wanted to be with him, but things got complicated and he needed to use his wits to come out of it alive and with his mate.
　　"How about you ask questions, and then you can decide if you will believe me or not?", Grady asked.
　　They all looked at Maddox who took this as his cue to start.
　　"Tell me about your mission. Why did you come here? When? How?"
　　Grady didn't delay with answering.
　　"A few days ago, Nick told us that we will be heading to the Blue River pack for a mission. They said it will be easy. Infiltration, scouting, nothing more than that. We heard that there will be a big party for Luna and it was not unusual for us to take advantage of people celebrating so that we can gather information. Two days back, we were preparing for departure when we received additional information. They said that we confirmed our target will be attending this event and that our mission will change slightly. There was a crate of cube-shaped devices we needed to hide. Nick said that if we are nearby one of those, Alphas won't be able to find us or harm us."
　　Grady looked at Talia. "We each got to see photos of the same woman. Our main mission was to bring Luna Talia to our camp. If we encounter her, we were to persuade her to come with us with the only limitation that she shouldn't be harmed. Nick showed us a map of this area and assigned us spots where we will hide. If we encounter patrols, we were to run and not cause a commotion."
　　As Grady spoke about Talia, people looked at her and Damon nervously, fearing that Damon will explode into violence. However, Talia and Damon were not surprised to hear that she was the target. They heard it before.
　　"What would you do with Talia after you get her?" Maddox asked.  
　　"That is how much our group got to know," Grady responded honestly. "I was just a messenger. In the last few months, I collected a few packages in a human city. I would go to the address that was either a nightclub or a bar, and a package would be waiting for me. I never saw who left it there, or what was inside, and the bartender who was holding onto the package was just a human who did it for extra tips."
　　"Is that how you got those devices?" Maddox asked.  
　　"As I said, I never looked inside packages. They told me to pick up whatever is there and bring it back without questions asked, and I was not allowed to look what was inside."
　　Maddox guessed that would be a dead end. Rogues don't have loyalty toward anyone. Whoever was pulling the strings would keep as much as possible to himself. Betrayal meant death, and most of the rogues hated packs so much that they would kill themselves when caught out of spite.
　　It's not that rogues were crazed fanatics out of choice, but the lack of a pack link changed them.
　　Wolves are social creatures, who live in packs with a strict hierarchy, and they see themselves as part of something bigger. When that is taken away from them, their wolves turn feral and they go… rogue.
　　Some wolves are born outside packs, and they accept individuality as normal, even though they always feel that something is lacking. However, when a werewolf is banished from a pack later in his life, the missing pack link is a hole he knows that shouldn't be there. There is a pain of rejection and the pack link breaking, and that wound festers and grows until they lose their compassion and empathy. The weak-minded ones succumb to it faster.
　　Banishing one from a pack is the death penalty for a werewolf.
　　Maddox was genuinely surprised that Grady knew that much, and he was collaborating.
　　Now, was he collaborating because of Varya, or because he was deceiving them, that was another thing Maddox needed to figure out.
　　"Who is Nick?" Maddox asked.
　　"That's Tristan's second in command."
　　"Who is Tristan?", Cornelia asked.
　　"It's a small-time rogue who causes us trouble occasionally," Caden responded.
　　"Are you saying that rogues we met last night belong to Tristan's group?" Maya asked. "There were hundreds of them."
　　Grady shook his head. "No, no. Tristan said that many groups came together for this. Some had a task to attack storages, some were to distract the patrols, and our group had Luna Talia as the target."
　　Talia thought of asking one thing that was bothering her from last night. "How did you know Luna Talia will attend this event?"
　　"We got information that Alpha Damon left with his Luna," Grady responded.
　　"From?" Talia continued probing.
　　Grady's brows came together. "I already told you all that I know, but I can tell you the rumor that's circulating."
　　Damon waved at Grady, indicating to keep talking.
　　"There is a woman by Tristan's side. I believe she is his mate. I'm not sure what her name is. The word is that she has access to confidential information from the Dark Howlers pack."
　　Maddox frowned. That was so vague. "Is that the rumor?"
　　"No. Those are facts. The rumor is that she grew up in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack and is very close to their Alpha. Her mother still works there or something like that, and that's how Tristan found out that Luna Talia left the packhouse. There was also something related to her telling Tristan about a scent-concealing potion and where it was made."
　　"Scent-concealing?" James asked. "Is that what you used last night?"
　　Grady nodded. "Tristan sent a group to the Dark Howlers pack and they got their hands on how to make it. I don't know if they bribed someone, stole it, or..."  
　　Grady's voice trailed when he noticed that Talia, Damon, Maya, and Caden were staring at him like he was growing a second head. Or did he burst into flames? Grady quickly looked down to check himself. No, everything was normal.
　　"Did I say something wrong?" Grady asked apprehensively.
　　"You say you don't know the woman's name," Maya said. "Did you see her? What does she look like?"
　　"I caught a glimpse of her once. Dark brown hair, or maybe black." He gestured just below his shoulder level. "Not very tall, nor curvaceous, but not skinny either. I wouldn't say she stands out in any way, other than having Tristan's mark on her neck."
　　"Could you draw her?" Maya asked, desperately hoping that it was not Lisa.
　　Grady made a face. "My drawing skills are horrible. The female will look no better than a stick figure. If you have a picture, I can identify her."
　　Unfortunately, no one had Lisa's photo handy, but considering the information Grady told them, they all suspected that Tristan's mysterious mate was Lisa. Now what?
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 773 Accepting a rogue
Chapter 773 Accepting a rogue
　　"Did we ever confirm who is Lisa's mate?" Caden's question broke the silence.
　　Maya shook her head. "I will ask Steph."
　　"Be careful what you say," Damon warned Maya as his insides churned at the possibility of… "We don't know if Steph is the one who leaked information."
　　"You don't think that she would…"
　　Damon raised his hand, interrupting Maya. "I don't think anything. But this sounds like Lisa, and she got the information somehow. Only a few people in the pack knew that Talia came with me, so the list of suspects who would put my Luna in danger is not long. And about the potion..." Damon jabbed his hand into his hair. He heard there was a breach in one of their labs, but nothing was missing, so they assumed it was warriors pranking each other. But now it seems rogues stole the formula.
　　At this point, Damon was fairly certain that Lisa got information from Stephanie. No one else was in contact with Lisa, how much he knew. Stephanie was either part of this, or she disclosed sensitive information without knowing that Lisa would give it to rogues so they could cause this mess.
　　Going after Lisa was one thing, but how could he go after Stephanie? She had been like his mother for the last decade, and Damon couldn't see himself pointing fingers at the woman who supported him when everyone else was confident he would fail.
　　Talia looked at Damon, feeling his anger and confusion. She knew that his emotions were amplified by the memory of his parents dying because someone from their inner circle betrayed them.
　　And this was about him and his people targeting his mate. How could be OK with that?
　　Maya and Caden were aware that Lisa could do petty things, but betrayal? That was a new low.
　　Damon punished Lisa lightly for what she did because of their history and because of Stephanie. Instead of appreciating what Damon did, it turned out that Lisa backstabbed him.
　　This was not just about Lisa being jealous of Talia. It was about endangering others, Damon included. After all, if anything happened to Talia, Damon would be weakened, which meant the whole Dark Howlers pack would be in danger, and that was not a forgivable offense.  
　　Maddox continued interrogating Grady, and Grady told them that he grew up among humans and that he joined Tristan's group only a few months back.
　　Other than, "I can show you where Tristan's hideouts and package pickup spots are," Grady didn't have anything else that would be usable.
　　Maddox ran out of questions, so they needed to decide.
　　"What should we do with him?" Maddox asked Tatiana.
　　Tatiana looked at Varya standing next to Grady and clinging to his arm, and Tatiana had no idea how to answer this.
　　Grady was a rogue, a part of the group that caused them so much grief and turned her luxurious wedding into a day for mourning, but there was her younger sister, pleading silently for her mate to be spared.
　　"We are yet to confirm if what he said was the truth," Tatiana said.
　　"I believe he spoke truthfully," Talia chimed in. Liseli told her that the guy was not lying. There might be a chance he was concealing things, but whatever he said was the truth.
　　Maddox frowned at Talia's words. If Grady lied, it would be easy to deal with him. However, if he told the truth, it meant he collaborated, and... what next? Should they just release a rogue? That wouldn't end well.
　　"How about we take him to the Dark Howlers pack?" Damon asked, surprising everyone. He knew that Talia wouldn't say the guy was truthful without confidence.
　　"What do you mean?" Varya asked Damon suspiciously.
　　"So far, your mate showed goodwill. Considering that he was with Tristan only for a short time, and he didn't harm anyone himself, we will give him a chance as long as he agrees to join the Dark Howlers pack."
　　"Join the pack?" Grady asked, unsure if he was relieved or horrified by this.
　　Damon confirmed. "You said that you are a scout and quick on your feet. If you join the Dark Howlers pack, we will test your abilities. If you do well, you can become a warrior."
　　"A warrior?" Grady echoed Damon's last words, unsure if Damon was giving him a way out or tricking him.
　　Talia looked at Damon questionably, and she asked him through their private mind-link, 'You will take in a rogue?'
　　Damon didn't think it was a big deal. 'The Dark Howlers pack takes in anyone who needs a place to stay and doesn't mean harm to the pack. I told you that when we met. Didn't I?'
　　He did, but… 'Why do I have a feeling you have another reason?'
　　'He saw you using your powers. If he joins our pack, I will have more control over him.'
　　Talia was still not convinced. 'Isn't he a liability?'
　　'It is clear that no one wants him dead, and keeping him in the dungeon is not an option either. I will have people assigned to watch over him. Becoming a warrior can be a lengthy training, and we can prolong it until he slips or convinces us in his sincerity.'
　　Talia realized that Damon's words made sense, and she admired how he could think logically in this situation. He already had a plan, and it turned her on a bit. Smart Damon was sexy. How could she lag behind him?
　　"My Alpha has spoken," Talia said to Varya and Grady. "If I understood correctly, neither of you lived as part of a pack before. Other than joining the Dark Howlers pack, you will need to learn about the rules we follow and accept guidance from people we assign as your counselors. Based on your abilities and interests, we expect that you will perform specific duties. Since you are a mated couple, you will get a dwelling where you can live together, and you will never go hungry. What do you say? Do you agree to this?"
　　"We agree!", Varya and Grady said in unison, both relieved that there was a way out for them which didn't include a dungeon or worse.
　　Talia was already planning to conceal Grady's identity as a rogue. Only a selected few will know in order to avoid any unnecessary complications. And there was also one more benefit.
　　'We can ask Grady to let us know if he recognizes anyone,' Talia spoke to Damon through their mind link. 'He worked as a messenger for rogues, and I'm sure that he saw some spies.'
　　Damon nodded in response. He liked that Talia was thinking about how to use this situation to their advantage.  
　　Kalina and Tatiana looked at Talia gratefully. They wanted Varya to be happy with her mate, but they didn't know how to make it happen, considering that Grady was a rogue. However, with Talia keeping an eye on the couple, Tatiana and Kalina were confident that Varya won't be bullied. If it was Talia and Damon, they could do anything.  
　　Sisters were also happy that all five of them would be staying in the US. What luck!
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 774 Plans for Grady (1)
Chapter 774 Plans for Grady (1)
　　Tatiana's smile fell when she saw that Varya and Grady were about to kiss.
　　"What are you doing!?" Tatiana snapped. "Until you become members of the Dark Howlers pack and pledge loyalty to Alpha Damon and Luna Talia, you are not allowed to mate."
　　"Or kiss!" Kalina was quick to add.
　　Varya looked at her sisters helplessly. Why were they treating her like a baby? Kalina was younger than Varya! But she knew Grady's background was a problem, and she didn't want to make things worse.
　　"Alright," Varya agreed. "We will do that if you promise not to give us a hard time after it. Do we have a deal?"
　　Kalina and Tatiana frowned, and Varya pointed an angry finger at her sisters. "I accepted your mates without questions asked. How would you feel if I stuck my nose into your relationships? I know you are worried about me, but I am fine. I know Grady is not a bad person. You need to believe me."
　　Varya wrapped her arms around Grady's waist, and he was quick to put his arms around her, happy to see that his mate was fighting for them.
　　Varya didn't know much about Grady, but she believed in him. The scene warmed his heart.
　　Varya was still glaring at her sisters. "We endured a lot in the last few hours, and we agree not to get physical until we join the Dark Howlers pack. In return, I want you to at least be open-minded about this and stop treating my mate like he is the biggest villain alive. Can you do that much?"
　　Kalina and Tatiana nodded stiffly.
　　Varya grinned and tightened her hold on Grady. "Hugging is fine, right?"
　　Tatiana snorted. "Why ask when you are already clinging to him?"
　　"I am afraid that if I let go, you will harm him," Varya responded.
　　"We agreed to be open-minded," Kalina said. "We won't harm him unless he does something bad."
　　"Why are you assuming he will do anything bad? What if someone provokes him? Do you expect him to keep quiet?"
　　Three Wilkow sisters bickered, and everyone wondered how much louder it would get if Lidia and Daria were also present. They all had fiery personalities, and Varya held her own in front of Kalina and Tatiana even though she was not marked by an Alpha.
　　"When are we heading to our new pack?" Grady asked Damon and Talia. He was eager to leave this place.
　　"We have a few matters to settle," Damon responded. "Until then, do your best to cooperate."
　　Grady forced a smile while wondering, how did he end up relying on two people who wanted to kill him first? Was this April Fool's Day? Or maybe all this was one of those reality shows where people with cameras will jump out and tell him how it was all one big prank, and he will be famous. Or was it a dream? He would take anything, as long as it was not real.
　　Grady jolted when he felt a palm on his cheek. Varya's hand was cold and slightly sweaty, telling him she was nervous. The electrifying sparks that prickled his skin were soothing, and he wanted more of them. All over his body, if possible.  
　　"It will be alright," Varya said. "I won't let them hurt you."
　　Grady had never felt so useless in his life. All this was new and overwhelming, but the oddest thing was that a petite female said she will protect him. And the ridiculous part was that it was the truth. If Varya didn't step in, he would be dead. At least once.
　　"Maya," Damon called. "Can you check with Gideon to see when it's convenient to do the ceremony for joining the pack? If we can wrap that up before heading back, that would be great."
　　Maya agreed. "I'm sure Varya and Grady will be eager to do the ceremony as soon as possible."
　　Maddox was grateful that Damon and Talia were taking custody of Grady, but he knew it wouldn't be simple. Grady was a rogue whose group was responsible for killing many, including a warrior from the Dark Howlers pack. How will Damon and Talia explain that to the members of their pack? What a mess!
　　Maddox thought that Talia and Damon would leave to talk privately, but then he heard Damon ask, "James, can we have a word?"
　　Maddox raised his eyebrows at the scene of Damon, Talia, James, and Cornelia walking out, and Maya and Caden observing the scene like it was a totally normal thing. Since when were they that close?
　　…
　　James had a hunch what Damon wanted to talk about. It was about Grady. James wanted to talk about him also. 
　　The fact was that Grady saw Cornelia performing magic, and James was not comfortable with the thought that the rogue will be alive and able to talk about it. What if the rogue exposes James' chocolate-colored Goddess?  
　　The four of them went into the packhouse and used one of the empty rooms on the first floor for their discussion.
　　James was pleasantly surprised that his father didn't contact him so far. It was unusual that Alpha Edward didn't request a report on the situation, but James welcomed this silence. Was it possible that Alpha Edward was aware of what was going on? James wouldn't be surprised if his father had his spies. Heck, James wouldn't be surprised if his father had something to do with last night's attack. 
　　James sat on the sofa next to Cornelia and held her hand in his. As much as the whole night was a mess, he enjoyed this situation where he could be with Cornelia openly. His mark on her neck was concealed under a layer of makeup, but James knew it was there, hiding… just how he was hiding how important Cornelia was.
　　"I wanted to talk about how to handle Grady," Damon's words snapped James out of his thoughts. "He is an asset, but also a liability. I'm sure you thought of some ways where we can take him with us, and he can be useful without endangering my pack."
　　"How are you going to assure that he doesn't talk about what he saw here?" James asked.
　　"Blood oath," Damon responded right away.
　　"Make sure to include concealing the existence of witches."
　　Damon's eyes darted to Cornelia as he understood why James was asking. "Alright."
　　"You might want to work with Alpha Maddox to stage Grady's death before you leave."
　　Damon didn't get it. "His death?"
　　James hummed in confirmation. "Tristan is not a fool, and the fact that he was not here last night proves it. Don't underestimate him or the ability of rogues to get information. Many eyes saw that rogue sitting in front of the packhouse with a Wilkow sister clinging onto him, and that would mean only one thing… mates. What do you think Tristan will do when he finds out about it?"
　　Damon nodded as he understood where James was going with this. "He will look for Grady."
　　James raised his finger in the air that slowly fell to point at Damon as James spoke, "Tristan will look for Grady until he finds him, and then he will use him against you."
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 775 Plans for Grady (2)
Chapter 775 Plans for Grady (2)
　　"How can rogues use Grady against us?" Talia asked. "He was seen here, and we will take him to the Dark Howlers pack secretly."
　　James released a long breath. "No offense, Talia, but you are too na?ve."
　　Talia frowned. What did he mean by, no offense? It was offensive, alright?
　　Talia would ask for moral support from Damon, but Damon told her more than once that she was too soft, so she guessed that Damon would probably just agree with James. And even if Damon defended her, he would do it because she is his mate and not because he believed it.
　　She decided to show some backbone. "What does my personality have to do with Grady?"
　　"Nothing," James said. "But because you are so kind and inexperienced, you can't see how dirty people can be. Your best quality is also your biggest flaw."
　　"I am not sure if you are complimenting or insulting me," Talia shared her thoughts.
　　"Oh, it's a compliment. Trust me," James said. "Consider yourself lucky that Alpha Damon is your mate. If it's any other Alpha…" James shook his head and decided to get back to the topic they discussed. Grady, the rogue.
　　"When Grady met Tristan and their group, he was stupid enough to believe that rogues are good guys. He was probably so happy that he spilled everything about his life in the human city. Grady said that his mother had passed, but what about his friends? Ex-girlfriends? There are so many ways to blackmail Grady into obedience, and if you think that the blood oath will protect you, I can tell you that you are wrong because there is always a way to go around an obstacle you are aware of."
　　"That still doesn't explain how rogues can use Grady. Don't they need to approach him first? How will they approach him if they don't know where he is?" Talia asked, feeling proud of herself for thinking of this.
　　"And that's how we are getting to the point of the Wilkow sister, Varya," James said with a smug smirk like he was waiting for that question.
　　"What about her?" It was Cornelia who asked. She loved when James displayed his smarts.
　　James' expression softened as he looked at his chocolate-colored Goddess. "No matter how much they hide Grady, they can't hide a Wilkow sister. Kalina and Tatiana are Lunas and too high profile. After last night's live stream, everyone saw Varya standing among the bridesmaids. And there were also numerous photos taken by reporters. Do you think that she can go into public and not be recognized? Once Tristan hears how a Wilkow sister was clinging onto his man, it won't be difficult to find Grady."
　　Talia's mood dropped at James' words. She knew he was right, and now that he said it, it sounded logical. Why didn't she think of that herself?
　　Damon didn't like this. "Are you saying we must stage Grady's death and then hide them? Or should we ask them to wear disguises wherever they go?" If it's for a limited time, it would be feasible. But what if it takes forever? Damon regretted offering Grady to come to the Dark Howlers pack. Killing him would be simpler. Maybe he can make it look like an accident, preferably before Grady and Varya mate.
　　'Mate won't approve,' Sapa spoke into Damon's mind.
　　'She won't approve only if she finds out about it.'
　　'More lies?'
　　Damon was exasperated. Why was Sapa coming out only to scold him? Praise or two would be nice!
　　'I have no intention of lying,' Damon grumbled at the ancient wolf spirit. 'I am only trying to keep Talia safe. In case you missed it, the last night's mess was because someone wanted to get his hands on Talia, and we have no idea who that is. What do you suggest I do?'
　　'Use your position and power to solve the problem without upsetting mate,' Sapa said sternly.
　　"There is another way," James said mysteriously, pulling Damon out of his mental chat with Sapa.
　　"What way?" Damon asked.
　　"Use Grady to your advantage."
　　Damon didn't get it. "We can use Grady to send misinformation, but I don't see how that would help. Now that we know where Tristan's hideout is, we can just wipe them off."
　　James shook his head, indicating how that was not what he meant. "It's obvious that a small rogue like Tristan couldn't be behind last night's attack. Someone else organized them, but Grady is too low in the hierarchy of rogues to know anything useful."
　　Damon thought how that makes sense, but... "Rogues don't keep databases we can hack into, and they don't share their secrets either. What can a newbie like Grady do?"
　　James thought for a moment before responding. "It's a long shot, but… if Grady could help us get to that Lisa person, he would be useful. As someone who has access to the information from your pack, she is a valuable resource to Tristan, and he will not let her leave his sight."
　　Damon rubbed his chin while thinking about James' words. If Tristan won't leave Lisa out of his sight, the probability was high that… "Lisa should know who was behind this."
　　James' eyes flashed in agreement. "If I understood the situation correctly, Lisa still belongs to your pack. Even among rogues, Tristan has a nasty reputation. He has a way with words and a short fuse. The rumors about him involve crippling people, and he doesn't use tools or weapons to achieve that." James lifted his fist, indicating that Tristan beats up people who disobey him. "I am confident that Lisa is not having an easy time there. You can mind-link her, but in order to make her submit, she needs to come to you. Grady is one of them, and he can help her escape Tristan."
　　Talia shook her head. "Even if we find a way to get Grady to cooperate, you assume that Lisa wants to escape Tristan. Lisa is a tantrum-throwing person, unable to hold back her grudges, and her mother adores her. The last thing I heard, Stephanie was happily talking about how Lisa finding her mate. Assuming that it's Tristan and he is mistreating Lisa, Lisa is set on hiding it, otherwise, Stephanie would go ballistic."
　　It was James' turn to pause. "It doesn't matter if Lisa won't or can't escape her abuser. What matters is that her mother won't approve after finding the truth."
　　Talia's eyes widened. "You want us to use Stephanie to get Lisa out of there?"
　　James spread his hands, palms up. "I am only telling you that you found the information you can use to get an advantage. How will you use it, it's up to you. Considering Lisa's unique position, if I were you, I would make a solid effort in getting her out of there and into my custody."
　　Damon ran his hand through his hair. Many things James said made sense, but everything was risky.
　　"We can storm that place and extract Lisa," Damon said.
　　James disapproved. "If Tristan knows that Lisa was close to you, and he probably does, he will use her as a hostage. Another thing is that he will know that Lisa is a double-edged sword, and he might eliminate her at the first sign of your attack. In either case, you won't win."
　　Damon cursed under his breath. James was right. Those were rogues, and they won't flinch when killing.
　　---
　　This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.
###Chapter 776: Dangers in the darkness (7)
Chapter 776: Dangers in the darkness (7)
Lulu's transformation into her wolf form was not complete when her fangs dug into the thigh of one rogue. She jerked her head, ripping the piece of his flesh before dashing to her next opponent.         
Talia was not idle either. She was kicking and punching, taking advantage of the fact that rogues were reluctant to harm her, confirming that the guy was not lying. They didn't want to harm her.     
But why?     
They already confirmed they were aware of her identity as Damon's mate. Why would they kidnap her? And how did they know she was here? Damon and Talia came early, and they were careful to act as Alpha Damon and Alpha Natalia when they were out of their room. Sure, people might think that the two Alphas were chummy, but not to the point of knowing that Talia was Damon's mate.     
Actually… the rogues didn't say they knew Talia was here with Damon. Their words were about knowing that she LEFT with Damon. Did that mean someone from the Dark Howlers pack was working with rogues? To make things worse, only a handful of people knew that Luna Talia left with Alpha Damon. Talia's insides churned at the thought that someone from the packhouse betrayed her. Who could it be? She didn't think Damon would be a suspect, but she trusted everyone that came to her mind. Maya? Caden? Zina? Rose? Mindy? Gideon?     
This mental instability was enough for one rogue to grab her shoulder. Talia punched him in the nose and shook her hand. That hurt.     
'What are you doing?' Liseli growled at Talia. 'Let me take them!'     
In the spur of the moment, Talia forgot she had a wolf form that was a killing machine. But she also forgot something else that was more efficient.     
Talia dashed through the rogues and shouted, "Lulu! This way!"     
"AHHHH!" A rogue screamed as Lulu bit a chunk of his arm. That was the last rogue that didn't shift yet into his wolf form.     
Lulu dashed toward Talia, and when Talia confirmed they were separated from the rogues, Talia stepped in front of Lulu. With one thought from Talia, all rogues fell to the ground.     
There were nine wolves there, capable of standing.     
Talia couldn't control her aura precisely to press on each rogue individually. However, she could direct her aura in a specific direction, and that was enough to freeze them all.     
'Liseli, I need them as humans.'     
'On it.'     
Talia was unsure if Liseli affected Lulu as well, but two seconds later, all rogues and Lulu were in their human forms, naked.     
Rogues were sprawled on the ground, unable to get up, and Talia gaped when she realized that the rogues were clothed. What kind of magic was that?     
On a closer look, Talia realized that those were not clothes. It was some kind of body paint.      
Talia thought how that was convenient. By painting clothes on their bodies, even if they shift between forms, they won't be perceived as naked as long as they don't let others get a good look at them.     
The guy who was talking to Talia before raised his head to look at Talia incredulously.     
Talia smirked, guessing that he was the leader here. "You know I'm Luna Talia. That should mean Damon marked me." She pointed at her neck, where the mark was visible. "Did you think I'm a pushover?"     
"Even with Alpha Damon marking you," the rogue spoke with difficulty. "You shouldn't be this powerful."     
Talia sneered. "It seems you don't know everything."     
Rogues eyes darted behind Talia. "Your confidence will be the end of you."     
Talia felt the hairs on her back rising.     
Did she actually make a mistake about Lulu? Was Damon right about…?         
Talia whipped her head to see from where the rustling was coming, only to see two guys there. Where did they come from? And they were huge.     
Lulu was in her human form, wrestling one guy that was nearly double her size, while the second one was coming for Talia.     
"They told us you have an Alpha aura, but a marked female shouldn't be able to suppress the group like this," the guy who was approaching Talia said. "Release them."     
Talia's eyes darted to Lulu. The guy was pinning her down, and it didn't look like Lulu could escape him. He was just too big.     
Talia was dejected. Why were these guys after her? Why can't they leave her alone?     
Talia was angry. How dare they just come and demand that she comes with them? She was not stupid.     
Talia was scared. What if they hurt Lulu? How many people did they hurt so far?     
Talia's anxiousness skyrocketed. What if they hurt Damon? Why couldn't she reach him through the mind-link? The mate bond was there, so she knew he was alive, and she hoped that if he was in distress, she would be able to feel it, but there was nothing.     
Talia balled her hands into fists to conceal that she was trembling.     
"What will you do if I don't release them?" Talia asked with all the confidence she could muster.     
"Your friend has a nice body. You will get to watch. We might let her live if she serves us well."     
Talia's insides tightened. Was he talking about…?  She couldn't finish that thought.     
Talia stared at the scene where the guy on top of Lulu grabbed her hair and then forced a kiss on her. Lulu bit him back, and he slapped her.     
Talia saw a lot of violence in her life, but usually, she was the one at the receiving end.     
Was this how other Omegas felt while Anna was beating Talia? Why didn't they help? How could they just watch over and over again and do nothing to stop it?     
Talia shook those unpleasant memories away. This was different. Someone else was being bullied because of Talia.     
Listening to their demands would be foolish, and letting them bully Lulu further was unacceptable.     
Lulu groaned as the guy twisted her arm, and for Talia, that was the last straw.     
How could Talia conceal her powers if the price to pay was that people around her needed to suffer?     
Talia had enough, and Liseli agreed.     
"What makes you think I will allow you to have your way?" Talia asked as her eyes started flickering in silvery light.     
The guys behind her still couldn't move a muscle, and two guys in front of her started feeling pain all over. Talia didn't know what Liseli was doing to the two, as she was concentrating on her Alpha aura that held the group in the back pinned to the ground, but it was evident that rogues were suffering.     
Lulu got up from under the guy who was bullying her, and Talia could see a big bruise on the left side of Lulu's face. There were more scratches and bruises, and Talia told herself to focus on dealing with rogues. She will heal Lulu later.     
Lulu kicked the guy and cursed at him, and then she looked at Talia.     
Lulu saw Talia glow and do magic during their pack run when she healed Keith and dispelled black runes from Damon, but this was different.         
The energy coming out in waves from Talia was tangible, and the silvery light pulsated around Talia like someone was turning on and off a lightbulb; Talia was the lightbulb.     
"It seems you are missing quite a bit of information about me," Talia sneered at the rogues. She gestured to two newcomers to join the others, and they moved with difficulty.     
###Chapter 777: Dangers in the darkness (8)
Chapter 777: Dangers in the darkness (8)
"I want to know how you are concealing your presence," Talia demanded from rogues that were pressed on the ground in front of her. Those bastards sneaked on her more than once now. Even Liseli couldn't pick them up.         
Seeing that no one was willing to talk, Talia stared down at the closest one.     
"Speak!" She shouted, and the guy groaned as the light around Talia increased.     
'Let me get into his mind,' Liseli said.     
'Fine,' Talia agreed. 'Make it quick.'     
With Liseli taking charge of interrogating enemies, the silvery glow around Talia subsided, leaving only her eyes to pulsate in silver light.     
Talia could see images flashing in her mind, memories that were not hers. There was some rubbish, guy-talk about women and drinking, and found out that the rogue in question was planning to head to the human city tomorrow and visit a nightclub there.     
Out of the important stuff, Talia picked up that the rogues had orders to come to a specific location and to wait for a signal. She saw him sneaking between the patrols of the Blue River pack, and it was obvious that the guy knew where he was going. There was a scene of a tall, dark-haired guy telling them that they will wait for the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack while showing them Talia's photo, and they needed to draw on their skin with specific paste...     
The man's body spasmed as he started foaming at his mouth, and Liseli quickly got out of his mind with, 'He was weaker than I thought.'     
Talia blinked at the man who was lying on the ground, and she couldn't believe that he was dead.     
She killed a person, just like that.     
Before Talia could process that she had committed murder, the guy's painted clothes caught on fire. It was like when a synthetic fabric touches the flame; it all disappeared within two seconds, leaving a slightly scorched naked body behind.     
"What the…?" Lulu said under her breath.     
Talia was equally puzzled, but she knew more than Lulu now. "Due to those painted clothes, as long as they are still, their presence will be concealed." But that didn't explain the lack of their scent or why the guy caught on fire.     
"Oh," Lulu said, and then she cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "How do you know that?"     
Talia was not in the mood to explain. "Can you mind-link Pierce?"     
Lulu's eyes lost focus for a moment. "No." A second later, she added, "Keith, Caleb, and others are unreachable as well."     
Talia pressed her lips into a line. This confirmed that these rogues had a way to interrupt not only her mind-link with Damon but to mess up the senses of an Alpha and block the pack's mind-link.     
With rogues nearly undetectable, who knew how many of them were still hiding? And if they could mess with all that, even if Pierce and others found out that Talia and Lulu were facing rogues, there was a chance that reinforcements won't be able to find them. What a mess.     
Rogues stared at Talia whose eyes stood out like flashlights on her body. No one told them about anything like this, and they had no idea what it was, but they knew they were in trouble.     
'We need more information,' Liseli urged Talia. 'Pick another one.'     
'We can just ask.'     
Liseli refused. 'This is faster, and we are ensuring that they are not lying.'     
Talia puffed her cheeks, 'Fine. But try not to kill him.'     
'You have compassion for people who wouldn't blink while killing,' Liseli said mockingly.     
'How I treat others reflects who I am, not who they are.'         
Liseli didn't respond. She knew that Talia was a kind soul. The only time Talia was ready to harm others was when she was protecting someone dear to her, like Damon.     
Talia saw another set of images. The same tall, dark-haired guy was telling them to drink a scent-concealing potion before heading to the Blue River pack. There was a map behind him with some dots on it, and the humid hot air filled with scents of sweat and moss was suffocating.     
"Leader," one guy asked, and the scene shifted for Talia to see more than a dozen guys standing in a room that had walls covered in wooden panels. It looked like a cottage. "How do we know that Luna Talia will be here?"     
The tall, dark-haired guy smirked. "I have my sources. We won't make a move until we confirm that they left together."     
"Is it true that we will collaborate with Jason's and Malik's groups?" Another voice asked.     
"There will be more than the two of them. You don't need to worry about it. Do your task well, and we will all get to move up from this dump."     
People cheered, and the scene became hazy.     
Talia blinked to see the guy in front of her spasming on the ground. Just like the previous one, the moment he breathed his last, his clothes burst into flame.     
'Do you think that clothes painted on his skin can sense he died?', Liseli asked curiously.     
'I told you not to kill him.'     
'No. You said TRY not to kill him. I tried and failed. It's not my fault he resisted, and I had to apply more force than necessary.'     
Talia couldn't believe this. 'I would twist your ear if only you had one.'     
Liseli snickered. 'We can shift into wolf for you to get my ears, but then you lose thumbs, so there won't be any twisting.'     
Talia didn't want to argue. They were in a dangerous situation, without a way to contact Damon, facing rogues, and she needed information.     
"Who is your leader?" Talia asked, and the rogues turned to look around. Some of them looked at the guy who was talking to Talia before.     
"Not that one," Talia said. "I meant the tall, dark-haired guy who was giving you instructions to come here. He was wearing a black leather jacket. Tell me, or I will make you. You know that I can suppress you with ease. Do you think that's all I can do?"     
"Ah! Ah!" One rogue cried, and his painted clothes burst in flames. "Oh… Save me!… Aaaa!" A few more rogues cried in unison as they burst into flames.     
Talia panicked. What was going on?     
'Maybe clothes detect betrayal also,' Liseli's voice sounded in Talia's mind.     
Talia raised her arms and started waving. "Stop! Stop! Stop thinking about your leader. I don't care about him!"     
The cries stopped, and Talia realized that only four rogues were still unharmed.     
The ones that caught on fire were dead.     
'What the heck is going on here?' Talia asked Liseli.     
'In the face of this information, I think that the first two rogues burst into flames because we peeked into their memories,' Liseli shared her thoughts. 'Painted clothes make them appear not naked, conceal their presence, and prevent betrayal. This explains why we got only fragments from each of them.'     
Talia rubbed her forehead. How can she get information if asking or forcing mind-reading makes them dead?         
"You have no use of us," the leader of rogues spoke. "Let us go. Unless you want to kill us."     
It was evident that Talia was shaken up by seeing people dying in front of her, even if it was not her fault. Everyone knew that Lunas have nurturing nature. They won't kill, not on purpose, and not unless they are defending their loved ones and their pack.     
###Chapter 778: Dangers in the darkness (9)
Chapter 778: Dangers in the darkness (9)
"You want us to let you go?" Lulu asked the rogue incredulously. "What's to say you won't come tomorrow in another attempt to kidnap my Luna?"         
He smirked. "You are right. We will probably return. In order to prevent that, Luna Talia should join us now." He spoke to Talia. "Our task is only to bring you back, to talk. This is not kidnapping; it's a friendly invitation."     
Lulu crossed her arms over her chest, giving her two peaks a push up. She was not bothered by her nakedness.     
"Do you think my Luna is stupid to go with you?" Lulu asked.     
He shrugged. "What do you suggest? Should we sit here until breakfast? What will that achieve? You know we won't talk. We can't. If you hand us over to Alpha Maddox, he will interrogate us and that will end up with him letting us go, assuming we survive. And we know that Luna Talia won't kill us."     
Talia didn't hear what the guy said. She was visually inspecting the bodies and four rogues that were still breathing.     
"Why is your leader not here? Did he send you on a suicide mission? Or are you another diversion so that he can do something else?"     
Talia shook her head at this last question. She heard that Luna Talia was the target. However, that didn't mean it was the full truth. That was only what these guys received as instructions. There was a possibility that the leader had a different plan, one that he didn't disclose to others.     
Talia really wished for Damon to be here. She tried mind-linking him again but to no avail.     
"What are you guys using to prevent mind-link from working?" Talia asked. "There is no way that rogues would know such a thing. With whom are you working? There must be something you can tell us otherwise you can only dream about leaving this place."     
The guy just shook his head.      
"How can you be so calm after your leader set you up like this to be cannon fodder?"     
He shrugged. "It is what it is. What's the point of being angry now?"     
Talia was surprised by this rational response. But then... they were rogues, always scheming, and Talia was confident that under that calm demeanor the guy was plotting revenge.     
But he was right. She couldn't kill them, but she had no intention of letting them go either.      
Talia puffed her cheeks while thinking about what to do. If Damon was here, he would know how to handle this mess.      
Talia remembered that her mind-link with Damon worked while she was in the packhouse. Mila was at the edge of the forest, mind-linking Tatiana, and Talia wondered if the rogues turned on the interference when Talia stepped into the forest, or maybe Talia entered the zone where mind-linking was jammed. In any case, she needed to fix it.     
For rogues, this was not a big deal.     
Rogues didn't belong to a pack, so they didn't communicate via mind-link. They had other ways to exchange information, like phones or they would carefully plan their missions, accounting for various outcomes so each could move independently without exposing others.     
Unfortunately, werewolves that were part of the pack relied on their mind-link too much, and now this was a problem. How can she inform Damon, Meg, or anyone else of their location? And the bad thing was that there could be more rogues nearby, approaching them, and Talia wouldn't know unless they stand right in front of her.     
'If they are interfering with mind-link, we could be able to sense the energies and see from where it's originating,' Liseli said.     
There was not much confidence behind Liseli's words, but it was the only thing they could do.     
'How come you didn't discover anything before?' Talia asked.      
'At that time, I didn't know that such a thing could exist.'     
'Let's try this together,' Talia said and turned to Lulu. "Keep an eye on them. I need to focus on this."     
Lulu nodded, unsure what Talia was up to, but Talia closed her eyes and took a deep breath, and Lulu understood that Talia shouldn't be disturbed.         
Talia's body was glowing again. Pulses of silver exited her feet and spread in every direction as circles of light. Each circle reached further than the previous one, covering the foliage and trees and even the forest critters that were hiding in their burrows, making every detail visible for Talia, like it was right in front of her.     
Talia's eyes snapped open when she found something. She was not sure what it was, but the energies were acting strange there, and it needed investigation.     
The problem was that it was about fifty feet away. Talia was the only one who could get it because she didn't know how to explain it to Lulu, other than shouting. Leaving Lulu on her own to watch over four rogues was not a wise idea. There was only one way to deal with this situation.     
"We need to move. All of us." Talia said.     
Lulu glanced at rogues and then at Talia. "Go, where?"     
Talia gestured. "That way. There is something and I need to check it out."     
Talia led the way with four rogues behind her and Lulu at the back.     
Talia was maintaining her aura on the rogues, so they walked slowly.     
It didn't take long for Talia to reach the source of the disturbance. She moved the leaves with her hands carefully, unsure what to expect. There was a metallic cube-shaped device lodged between the roots of a massive oak tree.     
A few tugs later, a cube-shaped thing was in Talia's hand.     
There were buttons and a small display with lights flickering, and Talia found a groove at the back. Upon pressing there, the cube opened and revealed a switch and two small knobs.     
"What are you doing?", Lulu asked in an urgent whisper when she saw that Talia was about to press that switch. "What if it's a bomb?"     
"I don't think it's a bomb. It's a device that's preventing the mind-link from working." Talia explained.     
Lulu was not so confident. "Are you sure?"     
"No," Talia admitted. "But if this will blow into our faces, those rogues would be running for their lives." Or at least try to.     
"What if they don't know that this is a bomb? We just saw them spontaneously combust. What's to say that this won't blow?"     
Talia had to admit that Lulu had a point, but what were their options? "If you are afraid, you are welcome to step back. If this kills me, tell Damon I'm sorry. I did my best."     
Lulu made a face. "If you blow up and I survive, Damon will find me and kill me five times over. I will rather stay here and have an honorable death."     
"Is it honorable to die in an explosion?"     
Lulu thought for a moment. "For a warrior, honorable is to die in a battle. But right now, I'm not a warrior. I'm a guard." Lulu snatched the device from Talia's hand. "Now, Luna, please step back so I can flip this switch."     
Before Lulu could react, the cube was back in Talia's hand. "I'm not going anywhere. If you don't want to go, you are welcome to stay."     
Lulu opened her mouth to protest, but Talia already flipped the switch.     
"You can open your eyes now," Talia said to Lulu teasingly.     
###Chapter 779: Dangers in the darkness (10)
Chapter 779: Dangers in the darkness (10)
With the device turned off, Talia closed her eyes to sense her surroundings. Everything in close proximity was clear, but that didn't stretch far before images in her mind became blurry again.         
'Kitten! Kitten!' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head, and she nearly teared up at the anguish that came with it.     
'I'm here, Damon.'     
'WHERE ARE YOU!?' There was a relief, but the anger came quickly to cover it up.     
Damon, Maya, Caden, Keith, and Caleb reached the packhouse only to discover that Talia went out to investigate the disappearance of guards.     
Didn't he tell her to stay put!?     
Damon found Ivy, Lily, and Mila with ease. From them, Damon heard that Lulu and Talia went into the forest, and he couldn't find them in the direction Lily pointed at. Since then, Damon was running around aimlessly, hoping to find Talia and doing his best not to lose his mind while tearing into the bodies of a few rogues who were unfortunate enough to be noticed by Damon and his unit.     
'Goddamit, kitten! Are you set on making me die early from anxiety? Where are you!?' Damon was still shouting, but Talia could feel that he was calmer now.      
'Follow the bond,' Talia said. 'I'm with Lulu. We found a device that disrupts the mind-link. There are more of those in the area. If your mind-link is not working, you are close to one, and it seems they are also jamming our ability to sense surroundings.'     
Damon remembered that his ability was acting up this evening. He thought that maybe he drank too much or someone drugged him, but it didn't cross his mind that there were devices that could interfere with the ability of an Alpha. Who could make such a thing?     
Damon focused on sensing his bond with Talia, and he could feel the pull in a specific direction, telling him where Talia was. That was all he needed to run as fast as his paws carried him.     
"I can reach Pierce!" Lulu said excitedly. "Their group bumped into rogues. Lidia and Daria got hurt, and Pierce and Jordan took them to get medical help. Kalina, Varya, and their Omega went to meet up with Mila, Ivy, and Lily, and I'm sure they will come here soon. Keith and the guys are also reachable!"     
Talia mind-linked Meg, confirming Talia's suspicion that rogues hid these signal-jamming devices through the forest.     
Talia realized that someone clever was behind this. If they cut off all communication, people would notice right away. Instead, rogues covered some specific areas, making it appear that the other person was unavailable. They crippled the defenses of the Blue River pack, and people were not aware of it.      
Talia stared at the electronic device. "Who could make this?"     
Lulu leaned closer to give it a sniff. "It looks human-made."     
Talia's silvery eyes widened. "Humans?"     
Lulu looked at four rogues with a sneer. "They work for whoever pays. Humans included."     
Talia's eyes were perfect circles now. "Are you saying that humans are behind this?"     
Lulu shrugged. She didn't know, but… "Anything is possible. We might be concealing our existence from humans, but that doesn't mean they don't know about us. Didn't you watch a movie or two about our kind? Sure, humans got a lot of things wrong, but they got some things right also. That's not a coincidence."     
Talia didn't like this. Humans? Didn't the rogue say how they came here for Luna Talia? Why would humans want Luna of the Dark Howlers pack? If they wanted to discuss business, they would contact Damon. Or were they planning to keep Talia hostage and force Damon into something?     
All this was giving her a big headache and she really missed Damon and his hug that could make everything better.     
"What the…?" Lulu's question was cut short, but it alerted Talia to pay attention to their surroundings.     
Small movements could be detected, and Talia figures approaching.     
"Seven of them," Talia said under her breath, hoping there were not more that she couldn't pick up.     
"Is that Alpha Damon?"         
Talia's body tensed when she realized that her senses were messed up again, and the range of how much she could feel clearly on her left was reducing. "It seems they have on them one of those jamming devices."     
"Oh, shit…" Lulu mumbled when she confirmed that her mind-link was not working again. "How many of those interfering gadgets are there?"     
Talia didn't want to find out.     
Four rogues still suppressed by Talia's aura were visibly cheerful now, and one of them said, "Give up, Luna Talia. It will be easier for everyone. Our orders are to not harm you, but we will resort to force if necessary."     
Talia ignored them.     
"Damon and guys are on their way," Talia said to Lulu, loudly for others to hear, hoping that they would give up and run before they got caught.     
Lulu understood the meaning behind Talia's words, but the rogues didn't show an intention of retreating, so there was only one option. "Let's keep them busy until Alpha Damon comes. Maybe he finds a way to interrogate them successfully."     
The leader of the rogues shouted at their reinforcements, "Alpha Damon is coming! We need to hurry! Watch out for Luna Talia's…"     
He stopped talking when Lulu punched him in the face.     
Talia realized that with more rogues coming, the ones they captured were becoming bolder and she worried that they will distract them if the fight erupts.     
Talia waved at Lulu to step to the side, and then the crunching of bones was heard as four rogues cried and collapsed.     
'We got just their legs, right?' Talia asked Liseli.     
'Can you stop worrying about the people who don't have good intentions?' Liseli snorted when she felt that Talia felt guilty about it. 'Just do you, girl, and let me handle bad stuff. Focus on our guests who are approaching steadily.'     
At Liseli's words, another wave of anxiety hit Talia. These rogues had no intention of talking as they were already in their wolf forms.     
Should she use her powers? Didn't she already expose herself? Talia thought that it didn't matter, not anymore.     
Talia could feel the adrenaline rush coming from Liseli, and she gave in.     
With a flash of light, Talia became a light gray wolf enveloped in silvery light which made her glow in the dark forest.     
The first wolves had reached them already, and growls shook the area as Lulu was entangled in a fight.     
Talia kept Lulu on her left, and she exerted her aura in other directions, effectively suppressing the rogues coming from her right.     
One rogue from the front jumped at Talia, and she avoided him clumsily, regretting that she didn't get any training to fight in her wolf form.     
Sure, Liseli was deadly and charged with instincts to avoid danger and strike enemies. They also had powers, but when everyone was moving swiftly, and there were friendly units around, it was difficult to use those powers.     
Talia didn't have time to count, but there were more than ten newcomers.     
Talia glanced at Lulu to see that she was facing three wolves, jumping, biting, and kicking, each looking for a chance to get closer to the neck and deliver an incapacitating injury.     
Everything around Talia was horrid, but she didn't allow herself to freeze in fear.     
###Chapter 780: A dark morning (1)
Chapter 780: A dark morning (1)
Talia's insides jolted at the sight of a dark gray wolf coming from behind Lulu, and Talia rushed to intercept that one, hoping to lessen Lulu's burden.         
The moment Talia's wolf collided with the dark gray wolf, her control of aura slipped, and the five wolves she was holding down moved to jump into the fray.     
Talia gave Liseli control and focused on suppressing rogues that were mobile.     
Talia tried not to think when Liseli twisted her body and got her fangs into the neck of the dark gray wolf. The sensation of ripping the flesh of a live creature was nauseating, but Talia managed to keep it together and not disturb her wolf. This was not a game.      
Once the dark gray wolf stopped moving, Liseli released him and turned to find her next target.     
A yelp escaped Liseli's maw when two light brown wolves jumped on her from behind, making her lose her balance.     
Talia could feel Liseli's rage mixing with adrenaline as she got back to her feet, and then the whole world slowed down.     
Lulu pounced on one of the two light brown wolves that attacked Liseli, pushing him to the side. In the next moment, Lulu was back in the air, about to jump on the second light brown wolf, when two other wolves came from behind Lulu and slammed into her, effectively changing her trajectory.     
Lulu's wolf rolled, and before she could stabilize herself, those two wolves were on top of her.     
'No! NO!' Talia screamed mentally at the sight of two wolves tearing with their fangs into Lulu's body at the same time.     
Talia yanked control from Liseli and dashed toward Lulu as the surge of silvery light exploded in all directions, sending the nearby rogues flying.     
…     
Damon was on the verge of losing his mind. Where the hell were Talia and Lulu?     
He followed the pull of the mate bond, but then it was gone.      
The whole forest was eerily quiet, which was never a good sign.     
To make things worse, his mind-link was broken, and he was not sure if it was because of those devices Talia mentioned or because Talia and Lulu were engaged in fighting, and they shut down the mind-link so they wouldn't be disturbed.     
Damon's anxiety was amplified whenever they bumped into rogues. He could barely sense them, and when spotted, instead of fighting, they would run. What the hell was that?     
Damon would chase them if not for the priority of finding Talia. He hoped that patrols of the Blue River pack would discover those loose rogue units.     
'Don't!' Damon mind-linked Maya, who started chasing two rogues who were running away. They discovered that even with their mind-linking obstructed, it still worked when they were close by.     
'They might have answers,' Maya said to Damon.     
'And they might run for reinforcements,' Damon grumbled. 'Our priority is to find Talia. Let's not separate.'     
Maya didn't like that they were running in circles without knowing what was going on, but she knew that Damon was right.     
A blinding flash of light exploded through the trees, and Damon rushed that way like crazy. There was only one person capable of doing something like that.      
'It's my Liseli!' Sapa shouted in Damon's mind. 'She is amazing! And she is angry.'     
Damon didn't like it. Talia used her ability, flashing for everyone to see. Didn't he tell her to stay inside and not reveal her powers? But he knew that Talia wouldn't do that unless necessary, which meant she was facing a crisis.     
'Faster, Sapa!'         
'Any faster, and my paws will come off.'     
Keith was right behind Damon, regretting that he didn't have some super-boost or teleporting ability like those witches. He would be there already and see the situation and help Talia and…     
'I told you, Keith…' Lulu's voice sounded in Keith's mind through their mind-link. Why did she sound so weak?     
'What's going on, Lulu?' Keith asked.     
'I told you that I don't need the oath to prove my loyalty,' Lulu said, ignoring Keith's question. 'I always proved my loyalty with actions. Like now…'     
'Lulu?' Keith called. 'Lulu!?'     
Another silvery flash was seen, this one even stronger than the previous one, and Keith wondered if it was because they were closer or because Talia had increased her power output.     
Damon and Keith nearly tripped on a rogue sprawled on the ground. Maya, Caden, and Caleb were right behind them.     
"Waaah!" A scream reached them, and they all dashed toward the sound.     
Damon's heart tightened at the sight of crying Talia. She was enveloped in silvery light that extended to Lulu's body. Talia was holding Lulu's head in her lap, there was a lot of blood, and he couldn't pick up Lulu's heartbeat.     
Damon's urge was to comfort Talia, but his reason told him to first ensure there were no dangers.     
Several rogues were unmoving on the ground, most of them were in their wolf forms. Damon guessed that Talia knocked them out somehow, and he frowned when he realized that they were dead.     
Damon killed many, and he wouldn't think much about it, but he knew that was not Talia's style, and he was concerned about her mental state.     
The pulsating silvery light from Talia's body was dimming, and she sobbed, unaware that Damon hugged her from behind or that Maya, Caden, Keith, and Caleb were also there, on their knees, looking at Lulu's lifeless body. Maya cried silently in Caden's arms, and Keith and Caleb stared at Lulu, having difficulty accepting that she was gone.     
Damon held Talia and rocked her gently, letting her hold Lulu and cry it out.     
He stared at the tree canopies above them that released some of the early morning light to illuminate the world that was darker compared to yesterday.     
After an unknown measure of time, Talia became aware of her surroundings.     
Somehow, she was wearing a t-shirt. There was no memory of her putting clothes on, but she was in Damon's embrace, and he was wearing a similar t-shirt also, and she guessed that Damon dressed her up while she was out of it.     
Talia didn't register when Caden fetched t-shirts and sweatpants for everyone from the nearby stash of clothes.      
Damon's presence enveloped Talia, and she knew he was there, yet she couldn't calm down. Lulu's mutilated body was covered with a dark green t-shirt, and her hands were resting on her chest.     
Talia looked at her bloodied hands.     
"I tried to save her," Talia said, her voice barely above a whisper. "I couldn't."     
"Shhh," Damon shushed her. "It's OK. You did what you could."     
"It's not OK," Talia said. How can this be OK? "Lulu died because she protected me. Rogues attacked me, and she jumped to save me and… ah… waaaah!" Talia was crying again. Gory images of rogues tearing into Lulu's body replayed in Talia's mind.     
"Lulu's name will be etched in the wall of warriors who made sacrifices for their pack," Damon said, his voice solemn.         
"Lulu died with honor," Keith said while struggling to keep his voice from breaking. "She had no regrets." He hoped this was the truth.     
Keith knew that Lulu was aware everyone doubted her, yet she still came here and performed her duty like things were fine.     
'You did it, Lulu,' Keith spoke into the mind-link, even though he knew Lulu couldn't hear him anymore. 'You proved your loyalty. Luna and Alpha acknowledged you and are mourning your loss. Did you hear you've got a spot on the wall of fallen warriors? That's the highest honor a warrior could have. Your father will be proud.'     
###Chapter 781: A dark morning (2)
Chapter 781: A dark morning (2)
Damon's heart was breaking for Talia. It was her first time seeing something like that, and not just seeing but being in the middle of it. He knew that Talia was drowning in guilt that will plague her for years to come.         
He was there about a decade ago when people died around him, for him, and there was nothing he could do about it. People told him it was not his fault, and it was their duty, and that didn't lessen the burden he felt. Actually, it made it worse because he thought of himself as a weak link that was causing everyone near him to die. Those were dark times in Damon's life, and he didn't have time to mourn one death before the next one came, and he wondered if people would be better off without him.      
But then he had Caden and Stephanie, and they convinced him that pack without him will suffer, and the only way to prevent unnecessary carnage was for Damon to get stronger. And he did.      
Over the years, he trained in much more than fighting. Damon hardened his heart and steeled his mind and managed to push through crisis after crisis... but this was Talia, his delicate kitten. She was breaking apart in his arms, and he hated it.     
If he had one wish, that would be the power to erase this evening from her memory.      
Damon got an idea. What if he uses the memory-erasing potion?     
'You shouldn't think that way,' Sapa said. 'Mate is strong. She is kind, which is wonderful, but in our world, that could lead to her death.'     
Damon knew all that. Of course, he did. How many times did he tell Talia that people are malicious and that she should be cautious? But he loved that about her. Her nurturing nature allowed her to see the best in people.     
Damon wished to be stronger, strong enough for both of them so that he could protect Talia from all the bad in this world. He would face the ugly stuff and let her stay pure and innocent with her untainted heart that was always ready to forgive.     
Suddenly, Talia stopped crying, and her head whipped to the right. She narrowed her silvery eyes in that direction as if she could see through the trees and dense foliage.     
"What is it?" Damon asked.     
Without answering, Talia stood up slowly and started walking in that direction. She stepped over bodies of dead rogues like they were nothing and then continued moving straight. Damon was right behind her, and so were Maya and Caden.     
Keith and Caleb stayed next to Lulu's body, per Caden's command.     
Talia circled one bush and stopped in front of a body. His presence was so vague that one would think he was not there or was dead, but he was staring at Talia, Damon, Maya, and Caden.     
"A live one," Maya said. "Good, we can interrogate him."     
"We can't," Talia said dryly. "The moment he tries to divulge anything about this operation, he will burst into flames."     
Maya, Caden, and Damon frowned at Talia's words. They had never heard of such a thing as people bursting into flames for snitching.     
"Are you sure?" Maya asked.     
Talia confirmed with a stiff nod and pointed at the guy who didn't move a muscle. "My guess is that painted outfit on him has some enchantment to conceal their presence and to prevent him from talking. Even when I used my aura to force them into talking, they burst into flames." It was close to the truth, as she couldn't say in front of Maya and Caden that Liseli was forcing her way into their minds.     
"So, what do we do?" Caden asked. "We can't interrogate him, and we can't let him go."     
"Kill him," Talia said.     
"No, wait!" Damon shouted. "Don't dirty your hands, kitten. Let me do it."     
Talia looked at Damon, and her eyes stopped flickering in silvery light in a silent agreement. Right, her Damon was here, with his power to make everything better.     
The scene of Lulu dying left a gaping hole in Talia's heart, and she wondered if Damon will be able to mend it somehow, or at least make it less painful. Talia wondered if she was too greedy. Should she expect Damon to fix all her problems?     
"Let's us take care of this guy," Maya said, indicating that she and Caden will kill the rogue. "We need to take Lulu and get out of here."     
The daylight didn't make this forest any less gloomy, and it fully revealed that they were all covered in cuts and bruises, but the biggest drain was on their mind. They all wanted to head back, wash off remnants of this night and maybe wake up to find that it was just a bad dream.         
Caden gestured to Maya to step back. "I will do it." He turned to look at the rogue. "You are lucky. I will make this quick."     
The rogue couldn't believe this! Why were they casually talking about who will kill him? And what was that nonsense about luck for making it quick? Lucky was being alive, and that was what he wanted!     
He cursed his non-existent luck.     
He grew up in a human city with his mother, who was a she-wolf. His mother passed last year, and since then, he has been wandering, trying to find out more about his kind because his mother never spoke about werewolves.     
Only two months ago, he joined Tristan's group of rogues, and until now, he made a few trips to human town to collect some packages. He was a messenger. For tonight, they told him that he only needed to come here and act as a scout, to navigate people in various directions if anyone stumbles upon him and avoid fighting. It should be an easy thing as he was always a quick runner and good at hiding. After all, he spent his teenage years among humans and they didn't discover that he was different.     
After experiencing how werewolves live, he realized it was not so glorious as he hoped it would be. He was planning to head South after getting his reward money. He dreamed of sunny beaches and half-naked babes, and not this who-will-kill-him crap!     
They all seemed eager to end him, and he didn't dare cry for mercy. How can he get out of this?     
Caden reached for the rogue, who was pushing himself away from Caden, using his arms and legs, and resembling an inverted spider.     
"I didn't do anything," he said. "I was told…"     
"Do I look like I care?" Caden interrupted him.     
"Let him talk," Talia said. "The more he talks, the higher is the probability he will burst into flames and save you the trouble."     
The rogue shut his mouth with so much force that his teeth clattered.     
After two more attempts for Caden to grab the rogue's neck, Caden lost his patience and grabbed the guy's ankle. He would tackle the rogue, but the guy was naked, and Caden didn't want to engage in more skinship than necessary.     
"Stay still, will ya?" Caden said irritably.     
The scene would be comical if not for everyone's wretched states and for the fact that they were set on killing the guy.     
Damon rolled his eyes. Why was this taking so long? "Move to the side, Caden."     
The rogue thought they will spare him, but then Damon released Talia from his hold and moved to stand above him.     
"It will be your honor to experience death from Alpha Damon, the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. Any last words? You have three seconds. Talia, look away."     
The rogue felt like crying. First luck, now honor? This was more like horror!     
###Chapter 782: Things were not all bad (1)
Chapter 782: Things were not all bad (1)
'Will you let that rogue die just like that?' Liseli's voice sounded in Talia's head.         
Talia didn't get it. 'What?'     
'We can get into his mind and get some information before he self-combusts.'     
Talia thought how that made sense.     
"Damon, wait! Let me do it."     
The rogue's eyes were wide as saucers. Now she wanted to kill him? Were they tagging each other? At this rate, he will die from stress.     
"No, kitten…"     
"Please. I know what I'm doing."     
The rogue hoped they would bicker more, and he would use that chance to escape.     
At the sight of Damon yielding to Talia, the rogue swallowed hard. Even the big bad Alpha was listening to her, which told the rogue that Talia was probably the most dangerous out of the four.     
An unfamiliar Alpha aura reached them, and they saw two figures approaching. Kalina and Varya.     
'I will tell them what happened,' Maya said to Damon through the pack mind-link, to which he nodded, and Maya moved to intercept the newcomers.     
"What's going on?" Kalina asked Maya while craning her neck to see where Damon and Talia were looking. Was there something on the ground?     
Maya waved like it was not important. "Just a rogue. They will end him in a moment. You might want to look away."     
"No…" Varya said under her breath and rushed that way.     
Varya's sight was obstructed by bushes, but there was a distinct scent of oranges that didn't belong there, and her wolf was going crazy, which could mean only one thing.     
The rogue scrambled to his feet and looked at Talia nervously.     
"Wait. Wait," he pleaded. He had no idea what Talia was up to, but he knew it was nothing good. "Can we talk about this?"     
Talia had no intention of chatting. She was about to force her way into the rogue's mind when…     
"NO!" Varya shouted and threw herself at the male who was quick to catch her.     
"Move aside, woman," Damon grumbled at Varya. He knew that was Kalina's sister, but he forgot her name.     
Seeing that Varya had no intention of moving, Damon's temper flared. Why did it take so long to kill this bug?     
"The thing you are protecting is a rogue, and he is…"     
"Varya's mate," Talia ended Damon's sentence, and Damon gaped at Talia.     
"What did you say?" Caden asked, wondering if his ears malfunctioned.     
It was rare for rogues to be mated, but it was not unheard of. Unfortunately, due to their wild nature, rogues were not known as the most loyal mates. Needless to say that those couples don't find their happy ending as the rogue usually ends up exploiting his (or her) mate.         
Caden didn't know much about Varya besides her name and that she was one of five Wilkow sisters, but he already felt sorry for the female. Kalina and Tatiana were mated to Alphas, and Daria and Lidia to established warriors, and what all four had in common were that their mates adored them. As for Varya and this rogue, Caden had a bad feeling.     
"They are mates," Talia repeated.     
Damon needed a moment to process this information. How he saw this, Kalina's sister and the rogue being mates didn't change a thing. "I'm sorry for your unfortunate destiny, but the sooner you step away from each other, the less painful it will be."     
Damon looked at Kalina, who was only a few steps away now with Maya by her side. "How about you get your sister out of here?"     
"We can't kill him," Talia said.     
Damon couldn't believe this. "What?"     
"Look at them," Talia said.     
Varya was holding onto the rogue, and he was trying to push her to stand behind him. When that didn't work, he turned his back to Talia and Damon, blocking Varya from their view.     
"He is a rogue!" Damon said, believing that this explained how that guy shouldn't be left alive. "Do you know how much trouble they are causing? Do you know how many people they harmed? Just tonight, at least a dozen warriors perished! Lulu is dead!"     
Varya's eyes filled with tears. Her heart ached, it really did, but how could she choose between what's right and her other half? Her wolf howled and scratched to come out at the thought of Varya abandoning this orange-infused man.     
"Then kill me with him," Varya said.     
"Don't harm her! I never killed a person," the rogue said. "I am a messenger, a scout. I'm…"     
"Stop talking," Talia said. "If you say too much, if you even think about betraying your leader, you might burst into flames."     
The rogue wondered if he heard this right. Were they giving up on killing him, or was the leader-lady with silvery eyes saying that only so his mate doesn't get hurt? He tightened his hold on Varya, just in case.     
"Don't try to separate us. If he goes to the dungeon, I will go with him." Varya said in a shaky voice.     
Kalina couldn't believe this. She heard plenty of stories about rogues to know that they were trouble. "Let go of my sister, you… you… animal!"     
"I'm holding onto him as well," Varya protested.     
"Do you know him from before?" Kalina asked.     
Varya looked into the rogue's eyes. "My soul knows him. That's enough."     
The scene of Varya defending him fiercely made him forget that just a few seconds ago, four people were set on killing him. She was his mate, and she smelled of peanut butter, the one he had loved to eat since he was a child. His favorite part was licking the jar clean, and he knew that he loved her already.     
Caden raised his hands toward Varya, palms up, to get her attention. "Varya, I know things in Europe are different, and you didn't grow up in a pack. But rogues are dangerous. They will steal and kill without blinking."     
"I can tell he is not dangerous," Varya said stubbornly. How could he be dangerous? He was her other half, and his eyes were full of wonder and affection even though he didn't know her name. "I am Varya."     
"Varya." He repeated. "I am Grady."     
"Grady," she said dreamily while tracing with her finger his jaw that was covered in a few days old stubble. "It suits you."     
Kalina was unsure what to think of the scene in front of her, and she was not the only one.         
Varya and Grady stared at each other, they were mates who found their other half, which should be a good thing, but this was different.     
"No kissing!" Kalina exclaimed, making Varya and Grady look her way. "If you truly care about my sister, you will control your urge to kiss her, mark her, or mate her until we clarify your status."     
Grady nodded right away, and only then Kalina realized that his so-called tight clothes were just bodypaint. He was naked!     
"Put some clothes on! And stop clinging to my sister! Scoundrel!" Kalina hissed, releasing some of her Alpha aura that made both Varya and Grady take a step back from Kalina.     
Talia smiled sadly at the scene because even when faced with Kalina's Alpha pressure, Grady was quick to stand in front of Varya protectively. Somehow, it told Talia that things were not all bad as there was some good in the world.     
###Chapter 783: Things were not all bad (2)
Chapter 783: Things were not all bad (2)
Damon looked at Talia and asked through their mind-link, 'What do you want to do with the rogue? What if he killed our people? Do you want me to handle him?'         
Talia was not sure what was the right thing to do. She was aware that her emotions were unstable. So many things happened, and until Varya jumped on Grady, Talia actually wanted to kill him. What was wrong with her? Did the darkness creep into her heart again, or was it the harsh reality?     
Whichever it was, Talia knew that if she made a rash decision, she would regret it.     
'Let's think about this,' Talia said. 'We can't kill him without evidence, not with Varya being his mate. If he is not one of the bad guys, he will help us out.'     
'What if he backstabs us?'     
'Then, we will kill him.'     
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. He sensed that her hostility was fizzling down, and he was not sure if that was a good thing or not.      
Adrenaline helped Talia move after what happened to Lulu, but now that Talia was calming down, Damon was watching her and wondering if she will collapse due to heartache.      
Kalina's rant at Varya and her newly-found mate broke the grim atmosphere filled with death that suffocated them, and Talia could breathe easier.     
Damon spoke to his Betas, "Caden, can you get some clothes for him? The two of you will escort them to the packhouse and keep an eye on him until Alpha Maddox decides how to handle him."     
"What about the self-combusting thing?" Maya asked. She had no problems escorting a rogue, but she was uncomfortable with the idea of him becoming a man-torch and possibly harming people around him.     
Talia was thinking about it since she realized that the body paint on rogues was enchanted. "Call Cornelia to check on him. She might be able to remove it. Also, if I'm right that it's due to the paint, a shower might wash it away."     
Maya thought about how it made sense, but... wasn't that a too simple solution? Can evil spells be washed away with water?     
"Keith and Caleb will take care of Lulu," Damon said to Talia. "We should also go to the packhouse."     
Talia really wanted to go to the packhouse, but… "We can't go. We need to help Max and his men find jamming devices. Until Max's warriors can communicate properly, we are all in danger."     
Damon agreed with this, but he had a condition, "We are doing it together. No separating."     
He was still angry because Talia didn't listen. Why couldn't she stay put in the packhouse?     
Sure, she is powerful, and she found these jamming devices, and thanks to a strange twist in events, even Varya found her mate, a rogue that might be a significant asset if he agrees to cooperate. But none of those would be worth a squat if Talia was hurt... or worse. And he knew that the scar of Lulu's death will take forever to heal. His kitten had her brave face on, but Damon could feel she was on the verge of cracking.     
"You can't comb this forest on your own," Kalina said. "Tony is with Max. Tell me what you need, and I will send them a message."     
"First, inform him about these devices.", Talia said. "They are obstructing the mind-link and Alpha's aura. We found one hidden among the roots of…" Talia's breath hitched at the mental image of her and Lulu bickering about who will flip the switch. It felt like just a minute ago, Lulu was right there, closing her eyes in panic while bracing herself for an explosion that never came.     
"It will be alright," Damon spoke softly while pulling Talia into his embrace, guessing that Talia was breaking down again because of Lulu.     
She buried her face into his chest. "Does the pain go away?"     
"No," he said. "But you learn to accept it as your new normal. Think of your memories as a way of honoring the ones who died."     
Damon's heart ached as Talia sobbed into his chest. He told himself that it was all part of the process she had to go through. Bad things happen to good people, and there was nothing they could do about it.     
After an unknown measure of time, Talia peeled herself from Damon. She glanced embarrassingly to see that Maya, Caden, Kalina, Varya, and Grady were there, all pretending to not notice her meltdown.     
Talia wiped her cheeks with the back of her palm.         
She frowned at the wet patch of tears and snot on Damon's t-shirt, and somehow… it reminded her of an evening next to the lake, where she ruined his designer's shirt, and he forced her to touch his chest, and then they watched fireworks. That memory felt like it was from ages ago as so many things have happened since then.     
At that time, Talia was shy around Damon, reluctant to get closer, yet now she needed him more than air. He was her home.     
"You need another t-shirt," she said.     
"I will keep this one. Like this, parts of you will always be with me."     
"How about you get another t-shirt, and I stay with you?"     
Caden was already passing a t-shirt to Damon, but Damon didn't take it.     
Damon was focused on Talia. "Do you promise to not leave my side?"     
"Don't make it sound like this separation was my fault," Talia grumbled. "You were the one running out to fight rogues, and you told me to stay inside."     
Damon knew that he was at fault here, but… "I did it for your safety."     
This reminded Talia of one thing she didn't tell Damon. She was not sure how others will react, so she spoke through their mind-link. 'They were here for me, Damon.'     
Damon felt his hair rising. 'What?'     
'They didn't know me as Alpha Natalia. They addressed me as your Luna. Someone from the Dark Howlers pack told them that you left for this event with your Luna, and that's how they knew I will be here.'     
Damon needed a moment to calm down. 'Kitten. This is important. Why didn't you tell me this right away?'     
Talia didn't want to argue. 'If you are like this, next time, I won't tell you.'     
Damon couldn't believe this. 'Next time?' But he also knew she was right. 'I'm sorry, kitten. It's just… I am worried about your safety. Next time, we won't separate. If I go hunting rogues, you are coming with me.'     
'Alright,' Talia said and continued speaking normally for everyone to hear. "Take the t-shirt Caden is giving you, and we can start searching for those devices. If my hunch is correct, most of them will be close to the packhouse."     
Damon frowned in disapproval. "You want us to go through this forest randomly?"     
Talia paused. She knew that was not feasible. "We don't need to. We can circle the packhouse and fish out a few devices to show them to Max's warriors. Once they see what those devices look like, they can spread out to search for them. If their mind-link doesn't work, that will mean they are nearby…"     
…     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 784: A pregnant Luna
Chapter 784: A pregnant Luna
In the packhouse…         
Tatiana had her hands full with sorting through reports about damage and casualties.     
The pack hospital was getting filled quickly. In order to handle an unprecedented number of injured, the doctors set up a tent outside to triage patients and do first-aid before deciding if they could be sent home or if they needed to stay in the pack hospital. Cornelia went there with Ivy and Lily to help with patients, and Meg stayed by Tatiana's side to help her with administrative work.     
It was busy, and the hardest part was when they needed to take a note of another life lost. The number of fatalities reached seventeen.     
Tatiana was exhausted and overwhelmed. She took a sip of now cold coffee and waved to a nearby Omega to bring her another.     
"Should you be drinking coffee?" Meg asked Tatiana.     
Tatiana puffed her cheeks in frustration. She loved coffee. But now she was pregnant, and she needed to eat (and drink) healthy things.     
"Make it herbal tea. Something refreshing.", Tatiana said to the Omega, and then she turned to Meg. "Happy?"     
"I will be when you mind-link that woman to make two of those."     
Tatiana did as Meg asked, and then she looked around the living room. People were coming in and out, talking in hushed voices. The solemn atmosphere and grim expressions were obvious signs of how serious their situation was.     
Tatiana's eyes moved to the papers scattered on the low table in front of her. How did things fall apart so quickly?     
They were planning her wedding. It was supposed to be elegant and glamorous, something that future generations will talk about, and they will, but for the wrong reasons.     
No one will remember the previous night as the one where Alpha Maddox and Luna Tatiana had a fantastic ceremony. This will be the day of mourning, the day when many perished. Seventeen good people were gone, and Tatiana feared that every next report might increase that number.     
The unexpectedly large number of rogues they found within their territory was evidence that someone leaked not only the latest information about their patrols but also helped rogues pick the right spots to hide. That could be done only by someone from the Blue River pack. A traitor.     
Tatiana could sense Maddox's anger and anguish mixing, and she was unsure how to help him. He was out there with warriors, ensuring that no rogues were left lingering, but no matter how much they combed the forest, there were always spots left unchecked. Damn it!     
Maya and Kalina entered the living room that was filled with people, and Tatiana was in the middle of it all.     
"We need a place to store Lulu's body until we can take her home," Maya said to Tatiana right away. "Somewhere cold. With water would be best, so that we can wash her. We don't want her father to see her like that."     
Tatiana's heart ached. How much bad news one night can produce?     
Tatiana had difficulty believing how that same night, Lulu was in this living room, munching on grapes and enthusiastically escorting Talia, yet now Tatiana needed to find a place for her body.      
"I am sorry for your loss," Tatiana said, and Maya nodded in acknowledgment.     
"Take her to the basement. An Omega will show you which room you can use."     
"Thank you, Tanya," Maya responded, and the fact that she didn't move meant there was more.     
"Anything else?" Tatiana asked Maya.     
"I don't see Cornelia here."     
"She is at the pack hospital, helping."     
"Can you send a message that she should come here? There is a situation that only she can handle," Maya said cryptically.         
Tatiana's eyes lost focus for a moment, and then she said, "Someone will tell her to come as soon as she can."     
Maya thanked Tatiana and left.     
"Tanya?" Kalina called.     
Before Kalina could say anything, Tatiana was talking.     
"You can help me with these." Tatiana gestured at one stack of papers that one Omega had brought in. "Count injured, see if any are dead, take note if repairs or supplies are needed, and let me know if anything stands out."     
Seeing that Kalina didn't move, Tatiana looked at her impatiently.     
"Did you come to look at me or to help?"     
"Neither."     
Tatiana couldn't believe this. The correct answer would be to help! "Why are you here then?"     
Kalina was trying to figure out how to say this, but there was no point in sugarcoating it, so she decided to say it outright.     
"Varya found her mate," Kalina said, and she pressed her lips into a line while bracing for impact.     
Tatiana's eyes widened in surprise. That's fantastic news! But why did Kalina's mood seem off? And why did she say it softly so that others don't hear? Tatiana thought of one possibility, "Is he injured?"     
"No."     
"Then? Is there something wrong with him?"     
"You could say that," Kalina said. "He is not affiliated with any pack."     
Tatiana was stressed and exhausted, and she hated that Kalina spoke in riddles. What was that supposed to mean? Was he one of their kind? Their parents always said how only special werewolves could live like them: as individuals, without a pack link, and without their wolves going feral. The Wilkow parents spoke about it like it was a big deal, and Kalina should be happy if Varya's mate was one of them. Or was he human?     
"Can you stop beating around the bush?" Tatiana asked impatiently. "Just tell me what's the deal with him."     
"A rogue."      
Tatiana's mouth hung open. "Sorry. It's been a long night. For a moment, I thought you said how he is a rogue."     
"That's what I said."     
"Is he alive?"     
Kalina confirmed. "He was captured by the group from the Dark Howlers pack. Varya said that if we kill him, we need to kill her as well."     
Tatiana was sure that the room was spinning. "Where is she? I want to talk to her!"     
"Caden is watching them outside on the driveway. We are still not sure where to take them."     
"Them? THEM?" Tatiana's temper was rising. "Who is THEM!?"         
All Omegas in the room covered under the wave of Tatiana's aura. It was obvious that their Luna was angry.     
Kalina raised her hands, palms up, indicating to Tatiana to calm down. "Them. Them. Didn't I tell you that Varya found her mate? They are together. His name is Grady."     
Kalina wanted to say how he seemed to be a good guy, but the truth was that Kalina didn't believe in that herself. And how can she vouch for a man who came with the same group which caused all this mess?     
Kalina saw fights and injuries, but this was different. People died. Until a few minutes ago, she was escorting Lulu's body. That was Lulu, a female she knew, a warrior with a promising future, Talia's personal guard, about the same age as Kalina… but it was all gone now. A life was gone.     
Kalina had no idea how Tatiana was holding on, but she knew that if this happened in the Lightclaw pack, she would feel responsible for every injury and death. That was a weight too heavy for anyone to carry. And Kalina could guess that Tatiana hated rogues specifically.     
"Grady," Tatiana said with disgust. "Now they have names, do they?"     
Tatiana stood up abruptly and walked out in large strides.     
Kalina was quick to follow after her sister.     
What will Tatiana do? Kalina was unsure, but Tatiana always had a temper, and now she was also under the influence of pregnancy hormones. Kalina had a good guess that Grady should brace for impact and Varya should get ready to defend her bond.     
###Chapter 785: Venting anger
Chapter 785: Venting anger
Grady and Varya were sitting on the elevated edge that was separating the driveway from the lawn. They held hands and stared at each other.         
Varya had so many questions, but she didn't feel like asking because Caden was right there, behind them.     
Grady's eyes were darting all over Varya's petite face, lingering on her inviting lips he wanted to claim, but he held back. Not because of Caden, but because of Varya.     
From everyone's attitude, Grady understood that people were looking down on him. He grew up with his mother, away from this world of werewolves, and when he bumped into Tristan and his group, no one told him that being a rogue was a bad thing.     
They said they were free spirits, able to make their decisions and live on their own terms, and Grady thought how that sounded nice. As a bonus, for the first time in his life, he didn't need to hide when shifting into his wolf form, and there were many others just like him.     
For the first time, he felt like he belonged somewhere.     
But even with that, there were confinements he didn't like. The primary issues were that amenities in their small settlement were lacking and they had to be extra careful when venturing outside.     
Tristan personally taught him to conceal his presence, and he had to be more vigilant than when he lived among humans.     
When Grady asked why they were hiding like thieves if they did nothing wrong, Tristan told him that some of their kind live in packs and that unaffiliated werewolves like them were jeopardizing that hierarchy because youngsters from packs looked up to them. At that time, Grady believed Tristan, and now that he saw everyone looking at him like he was dirty, Grady's belief in that firmed.      
If not for Varya, Grady would find a way to leave this wretched place.     
But she was there, holding his hand, and the electrifying sparks told him that this was his home. With Varya.      
Both Grady and Varya jolted when a fierce aura reached them.     
"Sister!" Varya called Tatiana first. "Let me introduce you to…"     
A low growl escaped Tatiana's lips, and Varya moved to stand in front of Grady.     
"He is my mate. You can't…"     
"This is my territory," Tatiana cut off Varya. "No one will tell me what I can and can't do here."     
Caden swiftly moved to stand between the couple and angry Luna. "Calm down, Luna Tatiana. My Alpha and Luna sent him here. He can be of help."     
Tatiana frowned. "What can a scum like him help?"     
"He has information. But he can't disclose it now because of something they did…" Caden explained about body paint and bursting into flames and that Cornelia might be able to help.     
"Stay away from him!" Tatiana hissed at Varya and then turned to Caden. "If body paint is the problem, why don't we wash it off? I'm sure we have a pressure washer nearby. Or how about we peel his skin off?"     
"Tanya!" Varya called pleadingly.     
"What!?" Tatiana snapped. "I heard you. He is your mate. But that doesn't change the fact he is a rogue. Do you know how many people we lost last night? We have casualties among guests, people in shelters, and our people. Warriors who were born and raised here, our people. I felt them, Varya. I felt when their lives were extinguished. It was like a part of me died, and it was all his fault!"     
"He didn't kill anyone!" Varya shouted at Tatiana.     
"His hands have no blood on them, and that makes it OK? Would his hands still be clean if he was caught later? If he meant no harm, why did he come here? Do you think that only by killing he could harm us? That rogue you call mate came here with people who killed MY people. My schedule is filled with joyful activities to entertain high-ranking members of other packs, but instead, I need to visit a dozen families and tell them that their sons and daughters died. Do you think that anyone will feel better because they died honorably, protecting this pack? There wouldn't be any need to protect the pack if they didn't come here! Gods! I would kill him myself if that would bring any of those innocent souls back. I would kill him right now if that would soothe wounds my pack suffered."     
Tatiana jolted when Kalina's hand landed on her shoulder.     
"Are you done venting your anger?" Kalina asked.         
Tatiana glared at Kalina. "You tell me."     
"We are all tired. Max and Tony are on their way back, and I suggest we take a quick break, shower, and eat. Let Omegas work on reports while you get a breather. You are pregnant now, and you need to take care of that baby."     
…     
When James returned, he saw Cornelia in front of the packhouse. She was squatting and collecting with cotton swabs samples of Grady's body paint.     
James didn't like that Cornelia was so close to another guy, and he was on the verge of shifting and tearing that guy into pieces, but then he realized that other people were present. Maya, Caden, and Kalina were watching what Cornelia was doing, and a few warriors were standing nearby in attention, obviously keeping an eye on Grady.     
James scrunched his nose. Why did he smell a rogue?     
"After you wash up, we will see what's next," Cornelia said to Grady.     
Before James reached her, Cornelia whipped her head in his direction, and her eyes scanned his exhausted form anxiously.     
Dropping the samples in Maya's hands, Cornelia dashed toward James, and he welcomed her eagerly into his embrace.     
"I was worried," she spoke into his shoulder.     
"It's all fine now, Cora," he responded.     
She nodded. It was not fine, but it was much better because they were together.     
Two seconds later, Cornelia's body stiffened as she remembered, "What if your father is watching?"     
James had no intention of letting her go. He needed her presence more than air, but he also needed a justification for their public display of affection. It took him a second to come up with something.     
"My father knows we spent the night together. I left a great impression by satisfying you repeatedly, and it's normal that you are concerned about me."     
Cornelia couldn't believe that he was using this as a chance to boost his ego, but she didn't want to bicker. "Is kiss acceptable?"     
"Cora, Cora. Kiss is a necessity."     
Their lips met in an urgent kiss that lasted much shorter than they wanted.     
"You should shower," Cornelia said. He was wearing clothes that didn't fit him well, there were traces of mud and dried blood on him, but Cornelia craved privacy with her mate.     
While James was away, Cornelia was worried sick. That's why she went to the pack hospital to help. She wanted to keep busy and ensure that if James was injured, she would be there to tend to him.     
The time in the pack hospital felt like forever, every new patient made her stomach tighten at the thought that it might be James, and then she felt guilty because of the happiness when she realized how that bloodied warrior was not James. The whole night was an emotional rollercoaster, and she wanted just to snuggle with James behind closed doors and never come out.     
"I will shower," James said to Cornelia before adding, "But only if you are coming."     
"I wouldn't miss it for the world."     
"Breakfast starts in five minutes!" Kalina shouted after them. "Food will be waiting for the next two hours! You have an option to ask for food in your room!"     
###Chapter 786: A gloomy breakfast
Chapter 786: A gloomy breakfast
Nora spent the night in one of the side houses, and she had no idea why the whole packhouse was busy so early in the morning. She thought about sneaking in before breakfast or at least making it low-key, but she underestimated how early these people woke up.         
"Did something happen?" Nora asked one Omega.     
"We had a minor incident, but nothing that should concern you," Omega responded as Luna Tatiana instructed.     
They still didn't know the extent of damage and casualties, and until they prepared an official statement, the story for guests was that nothing major happened.     
The Blue River pack returned to their regular routine as people were emerging from shelters. On the outside, things looked normal, and only the warriors who were in the middle of it knew how bad it was.     
There was one soul that suffered a heavy blow. Jane couldn't stop sobbing, no matter how much Mindy comforted her. Only after Gideon fired up the calming incense did Jane fall asleep.     
Beta Oliver returned, and he immediately relieved Maya and Caden from the burden of watching over Grady.      
Warriors escorted Grady to the shared bathroom that soldiers used. It was a big space with dozens of showerheads, so Grady could clean up while being watched. Of course, Varya followed Grady. She didn't want to leave him out of sight, fearing someone might attack him just because he was a rogue.     
Varya didn't get it. She was also a wolf without a pack. Would they look down on her also if her sister was not the Luna here?     
Varya grew up in a diverse environment, with more humans than werewolves, and she learned to judge everyone by how they treated her. Based on that criteria, Grady was definitely a good guy. Why can't they leave them alone?     
Damon and Talia worked with a few smaller units of warriors to identify the cube-shaped devices. After finding a few, Damon suggested they return to the packhouse, but Talia wanted to keep going.     
"You won't achieve anything if you work yourself into collapsing, kitten," Damon said. He knew that she was staying busy so that she didn't think about Lulu's death. "You didn't sleep the whole night."     
"You didn't sleep either," Talia retorted. "And neither did these warriors. I'm just doing what I can."     
"You should listen to me when I say that doing this is only postponing the inevitable. We have a lot to do and some things only we can do, and this is not one of them."     
Talia gave in grudgingly. Staying distracted was not working anyway. Whenever she saw a cube-shaped device, Lulu's face resurfaced in Talia's memory, and Talia's heart ached. It wouldn't hurt that badly if Lulu didn't die while protecting Talia, and it would hurt even less if Talia didn't suspect Lulu of being a traitor. Talia believed she wronged Lulu, and it was too late to say sorry and fix things.     
Breakfast was gloomy.     
People who knew what happened last night didn't want to talk about it. There was a danger that casualties from last night could be labeled as Maddox's and Tatiana's incompetence, so no relevant information left their inner circle, especially because they had press members in attendance.     
Talia was unsure if she wanted to reveal that she was marked, but she had no intention of applying makeup, so she tied a silk scarf around her neck.     
Damon was wearing a polo t-shirt, and he lifted the collar. It made him look cool, and it also concealed Talia's mark there.     
They were all sitting in the same positions as they did for dinner on the previous night, with the difference that about one-half of the seats were empty.     
Even with that, there were more than a hundred people present, and guests were coming to Beta Oliver to inquire about Maddox and Tatiana. Everyone hoped to hear from Alpha and Luna of the Blue River pack about last night's disturbance.     
After the third group came to Beta Oliver, he went to the stage and took the microphone.     
"I would ask for your attention, please," Beta Oliver said. "Last night, we had an intrusion of rogues into our territory that caused everyone inconvenience. Reports are still coming in, and once we know the details, we will share them with you. Until then, we can assure you that the situation is resolved. We will proceed with our schedule for today as planned, with the difference that our Alpha and Luna might be absent for some time while they catch up on their sleep. Thank you for your understanding."     
Of course, Maddox and Tatiana were not resting. They were working from their room while having their meal there because they knew that people would disturb them. After last night's events, Maddox and Tatiana didn't have the capacity to smile and entertain their guests, and they had many things to handle. Guests will need to wait.     
"I don't see James and Cornelia here," Talia said.     
"They asked for food to be delivered to their room," Maya responded. "After they are done, Cornelia will see Grady to deal with his fiery problem."         
"I want to be there also," Talia demanded.     
Maya glanced nervously at Damon, who was frowning in disapproval.     
"I thought you would rest," Damon said to Talia.     
"Can you rest in these circumstances?"     
When Damon didn't respond, Talia turned to Maya. "What happened to Lulu?"     
Maya lowered her gaze. "We found her a good place for now and cleaned her."     
Talia turned to Damon. "I know we said we will stay for three days, but…"     
"We can return whenever you want," Damon said.     
Talia was grateful for his understanding. She wanted to return to the Dark Howlers pack with Lulu and talk to her father in person, but first… "As soon as we figure out things with Grady and hear what he has to say, we can go."     
…     
In the room on the second floor…     
James absentmindedly fed Cornelia.     
"You should eat also," she said while offering him a forkful of scrambled eggs. When he opened his mouth to accept her offerings, Cornelia asked, "Will you tell me what's going on?"     
He was unusually quiet and clingy. They were sitting on the sofa next to each other, connected at the hips. Any closer and she would sit on his lap.     
James shook his head. "It's been a long night." His arm snaked around her shoulders, and he pulled her to lean on him. "I'm glad you are here."     
Cornelia exhaled helplessly. She couldn't do anything if he was unwilling to talk.     
A knock on the door disturbed the silence, and James opened the door to see Maddox.     
"Alpha Maddox, what brings you here?" James asked.     
"Sorry to interrupt, but I have a question," Maddox said and gestured toward the room, indicating that they should talk inside.     
Maddox closed the door behind him. "This is about… you know who. Do you have instructions on how to deal with her body?"     
James didn't expect that. "Do whatever you normally do."     
"We normally bury them in our cemetery unless they previously expressed a desire for a different location or to be cremated, in which case we will try to fulfill their final wishes. I thought, considering her identity…"     
James raised his hand, interrupting whatever Maddox was about to say next. "The Red Moon pack was never her home. If you want to ask about any special requests, I suggest you ask that female child who was crying over her."     
Maddox nodded in understanding. "I apologize for interrupting and… I'm sorry for your loss."     
With that, Maddox left the room.         
###Chapter 787: Not a monster [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 787: Not a monster [Bonus chapter]
James returned to sit next to Cornelia on the sofa, and he absentmindedly poked a piece of sausage with a fork.         
His hand froze mid-air when Cornelia asked, "Someone from your pack died?"     
James released a long breath. He really didn't want to talk about it, but Cornelia overheard what Maddox said. He couldn't pretend like it was nothing. "My sister. She died last night."     
Cornelia's eyes widened in slow motion when she understood that Maddox was talking about Marcy. Cornelia saw Marcy in the Dark Howlers pack. At that time, Marcy made a statement to a reporter in front of a camera about how she was giving up on the role of Damon's Luna so that she can travel the world.     
Cornelia was confident that she will never hear about Marcy again, and it didn't cross her mind that Marcy will be here. Dead now.     
"I went there last night," James spoke in a low voice. "I was hoping that she will be in the shelter, or maybe that she left this pack. But I found her in the forest, being beaten to death by rogues. There was a girl crying, yet I felt nothing. My biggest concern was to avoid exposure. If my father found out that Marcy was here, I would be in trouble. Alpha Damon and Alpha Maddox would also be blamed. I didn't care about Marcy."     
Cornelia hugged him from the side. "I'm so sorry."     
James snorted. "Why are you sorry? Didn't you hear what I said? I felt nothing. The female I considered to be my sister died, and I felt nothing. I am a monster."     
Cornelia moved to look into his blue eyes which were like endless oceans as they reflected his internal struggle.     
"Monsters don't feel, Jay. You are capable of love and care and anxiousness, and so many other emotions. I know. You are not a monster. You are just… broken."     
James fisted her shirt, his fingers dug into the fabric, nearly ripping it but he didn't notice because he was staring into her dark brown eyes full of love as her words echoed in his mind.     
"I am not a monster," he repeated.     
"That is correct," Cornelia confirmed. "I know you are not a monster because you are my soulmate. You were forced to hide everything deep inside, so your father won't find it and use it against you. You hid your emotions so well that you couldn't recognize them anymore. I know you are scared. You are scared to look into the person your father molded, but I can tell you that I'm looking at him and he is not a monster. I am here for you and I'm not going anywhere. I won't force you to open up to me, but I hope that one day you will allow me to share your everything, pain included."     
Cornelia raised her hands and wiped the moisture off his cheeks.     
"See? I am right. Monsters don't cry. Monsters don't fear disappointing their other half. Your father broke you, but I know that my sweet Jay will feed me and put my needs first. My Jay will do everything he can to keep me safe, and he will rather harm himself than do something I might dislike. I love you, Jay. Together, we will get through everything."     
James' shoulders shook and then he pulled her into him, and he sobbed silently.     
Cornelia hugged him with all her might and patted his back. No matter how smart and how tall and how mature he was, in the end, he was still a sixteen years-old boy who was dealing with a lot.     
His father was a horrible person, his mother didn't care, and he just saw his sister dying. He was surviving every day while fearing that his father will oust him due to the lack of Alpha aura, and there was also the point that James believed he was not strong enough to protect Cornelia, his mate. That was a lot of challenges for anyone to bear, and James was just one person.     
At that moment, he looked like a fragile boy and Cornelia held him and let him cry it out because she knew that he needed it.     
Part of her was glad that James broke down like that. He opened up and allowed her to see his vulnerable side. She knew that no one got to see that, and it made it special.     
…     
Later that afternoon…     
Maddox led the group to an isolated stone building.     
By his side was Tatiana, and behind them were Damon, Talia, Caden, Maya, Kalina, and Tony.     
When they entered the room, they found Grady, Varya, Cornelia, and James.     
Cornelia drew a circle with chalk on the stone floor.         
Cornelia confirmed that Grady removed most of the unnatural energies by washing the body paint from his body, and she performed a few spells to extract the rest.     
Cornelia said that she will need to investigate the collected samples to confirm how the bodypaint actually worked.     
James ensured that no one could see his chocolate-colored Goddess doing her magic, so guards and Varya had to stay outside, but unfortunately… Grady saw it. Cornelia was performing the spells on him, so Grady was necessary.      
James was set on killing Grady at the smallest sign of betrayal. Actually, he might kill the guy just in case he reveals later how special Cornelia was.     
Grady was overwhelmed by the hostility that was tangible. What the heck? Even that teen boy looked at him like he couldn't wait to end him.     
No matter how Grady saw this, he disliked packs and whatever structure they were following. No one asked him his name, nor occupation; that one word "rogue" labeled him as a black sheep and it seemed that no amount of good deeds will help him appear clean. Maybe Tristan was right after all.     
Grady's instincts told him that he was lucky to be alive. Somehow, the scout and observe mission that Tristan described escalated. He saw bodies of rogues being carried, and he recognized some.     
For now, Grady decided to observe and cooperate. His priority was to survive, and he will find his exit later. Hopefully, with Varya by his side.     
"The circle on the ground is to contain the flames, in case he spontaneously combusts," Cornelia explained when she finished.      
They all stood facing Grady, and Kalina had to drag Varya away from the guy.     
Seven more rogues were caught alive, currently held in the dungeon, but Maddox didn't think they will give him any useful information. Leaders of rogue groups were not Alphas, and they had no way to enforce loyalty other than with threats, money, and brainwashing how everyone was out to kill them (which was not necessarily a lie).     
"Do you understand that if you talk about your rogue group, you might die?" Maddox asked.     
Grady shrugged. "What are my options?" He didn't believe the burst-into-flames story. And didn't the brown chick say how the burning curse was removed?     
"Will you cooperate?" Maddox asked his next question.     
"Yes," Grady responded without missing a beat.     
"Why should we believe you?" Damon asked.     
Grady looked at Varya. "Because I want to be with my mate. I will do anything to be with her."     
"Even lie?" Damon asked stiffly.     
Grady was not sure how to respond to this. Would he lie? Of course, he would! But if he says that, it can backfire big time.     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 788: Interrogation of a rogue
Chapter 788: Interrogation of a rogue
Grady looked at the werewolves around him and he cursed internally when he realized that the only one not looking at him with malice or disgust was Varya.         
If he knew things would turn out like this, he would stay in the human town and not seek werewolves. But then… if he did that, he wouldn't be able to inhale the addictive scent of peanut butter and feel the goodness of the sparks that came with Varya's touch.     
Grady didn't care about Tristan and he definitely didn't care about these people that surrounded him. The only person he cared about was the brunette he knew as Varya, and she wanted to be with him, but things got complicated and he needed to use his wits to come out of it alive and with his mate.     
"How about you ask questions, and then you can decide if you will believe me or not?", Grady asked.     
They all looked at Maddox who took this as his cue to start.     
"Tell me about your mission. Why did you come here? When? How?"     
Grady didn't delay with answering.     
"A few days ago, Nick told us that we will be heading to the Blue River pack for a mission. They said it will be easy. Infiltration, scouting, nothing more than that. We heard that there will be a big party for Luna and it was not unusual for us to take advantage of people celebrating so that we can gather information. Two days back, we were preparing for departure when we received additional information. They said that we confirmed our target will be attending this event and that our mission will change slightly. There was a crate of cube-shaped devices we needed to hide. Nick said that if we are nearby one of those, Alphas won't be able to find us or harm us."     
Grady looked at Talia. "We each got to see photos of the same woman. Our main mission was to bring Luna Talia to our camp. If we encounter her, we were to persuade her to come with us with the only limitation that she shouldn't be harmed. Nick showed us a map of this area and assigned us spots where we will hide. If we encounter patrols, we were to run and not cause a commotion."     
As Grady spoke about Talia, people looked at her and Damon nervously, fearing that Damon will explode into violence. However, Talia and Damon were not surprised to hear that she was the target. They heard it before.     
"What would you do with Talia after you get her?" Maddox asked.      
"That is how much our group got to know," Grady responded honestly. "I was just a messenger. In the last few months, I collected a few packages in a human city. I would go to the address that was either a nightclub or a bar, and a package would be waiting for me. I never saw who left it there, or what was inside, and the bartender who was holding onto the package was just a human who did it for extra tips."     
"Is that how you got those devices?" Maddox asked.      
"As I said, I never looked inside packages. They told me to pick up whatever is there and bring it back without questions asked, and I was not allowed to look what was inside."     
Maddox guessed that would be a dead end. Rogues don't have loyalty toward anyone. Whoever was pulling the strings would keep as much as possible to himself. Betrayal meant death, and most of the rogues hated packs so much that they would kill themselves when caught out of spite.     
It's not that rogues were crazed fanatics out of choice, but the lack of a pack link changed them.     
Wolves are social creatures, who live in packs with a strict hierarchy, and they see themselves as part of something bigger. When that is taken away from them, their wolves turn feral and they go… rogue.     
Some wolves are born outside packs, and they accept individuality as normal, even though they always feel that something is lacking. However, when a werewolf is banished from a pack later in his life, the missing pack link is a hole he knows that shouldn't be there. There is a pain of rejection and the pack link breaking, and that wound festers and grows until they lose their compassion and empathy. The weak-minded ones succumb to it faster.     
Banishing one from a pack is the death penalty for a werewolf.     
Maddox was genuinely surprised that Grady knew that much, and he was collaborating.     
Now, was he collaborating because of Varya, or because he was deceiving them, that was another thing Maddox needed to figure out.     
"Who is Nick?" Maddox asked.     
"That's Tristan's second in command."     
"Who is Tristan?", Cornelia asked.     
"It's a small-time rogue who causes us trouble occasionally," Caden responded.     
"Are you saying that rogues we met last night belong to Tristan's group?" Maya asked. "There were hundreds of them."         
Grady shook his head. "No, no. Tristan said that many groups came together for this. Some had a task to attack storages, some were to distract the patrols, and our group had Luna Talia as the target."     
Talia thought of asking one thing that was bothering her from last night. "How did you know Luna Talia will attend this event?"     
"We got information that Alpha Damon left with his Luna," Grady responded.     
"From?" Talia continued probing.     
Grady's brows came together. "I already told you all that I know, but I can tell you the rumor that's circulating."     
Damon waved at Grady, indicating to keep talking.     
"There is a woman by Tristan's side. I believe she is his mate. I'm not sure what her name is. The word is that she has access to confidential information from the Dark Howlers pack."     
Maddox frowned. That was so vague. "Is that the rumor?"     
"No. Those are facts. The rumor is that she grew up in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack and is very close to their Alpha. Her mother still works there or something like that, and that's how Tristan found out that Luna Talia left the packhouse. There was also something related to her telling Tristan about a scent-concealing potion and where it was made."     
"Scent-concealing?" James asked. "Is that what you used last night?"     
Grady nodded. "Tristan sent a group to the Dark Howlers pack and they got their hands on how to make it. I don't know if they bribed someone, stole it, or..."      
Grady's voice trailed when he noticed that Talia, Damon, Maya, and Caden were staring at him like he was growing a second head. Or did he burst into flames? Grady quickly looked down to check himself. No, everything was normal.     
"Did I say something wrong?" Grady asked apprehensively.     
"You say you don't know the woman's name," Maya said. "Did you see her? What does she look like?"     
"I caught a glimpse of her once. Dark brown hair, or maybe black." He gestured just below his shoulder level. "Not very tall, nor curvaceous, but not skinny either. I wouldn't say she stands out in any way, other than having Tristan's mark on her neck."     
"Could you draw her?" Maya asked, desperately hoping that it was not Lisa.     
Grady made a face. "My drawing skills are horrible. The female will look no better than a stick figure. If you have a picture, I can identify her."     
Unfortunately, no one had Lisa's photo handy, but considering the information Grady told them, they all suspected that Tristan's mysterious mate was Lisa. Now what?     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 789: Accepting a rogue
Chapter 789: Accepting a rogue
"Did we ever confirm who is Lisa's mate?" Caden's question broke the silence.         
Maya shook her head. "I will ask Steph."     
"Be careful what you say," Damon warned Maya as his insides churned at the possibility of… "We don't know if Steph is the one who leaked information."     
"You don't think that she would…"     
Damon raised his hand, interrupting Maya. "I don't think anything. But this sounds like Lisa, and she got the information somehow. Only a few people in the pack knew that Talia came with me, so the list of suspects who would put my Luna in danger is not long. And about the potion..." Damon jabbed his hand into his hair. He heard there was a breach in one of their labs, but nothing was missing, so they assumed it was warriors pranking each other. But now it seems rogues stole the formula.     
At this point, Damon was fairly certain that Lisa got information from Stephanie. No one else was in contact with Lisa, how much he knew. Stephanie was either part of this, or she disclosed sensitive information without knowing that Lisa would give it to rogues so they could cause this mess.     
Going after Lisa was one thing, but how could he go after Stephanie? She had been like his mother for the last decade, and Damon couldn't see himself pointing fingers at the woman who supported him when everyone else was confident he would fail.     
Talia looked at Damon, feeling his anger and confusion. She knew that his emotions were amplified by the memory of his parents dying because someone from their inner circle betrayed them.     
And this was about him and his people targeting his mate. How could be OK with that?     
Maya and Caden were aware that Lisa could do petty things, but betrayal? That was a new low.     
Damon punished Lisa lightly for what she did because of their history and because of Stephanie. Instead of appreciating what Damon did, it turned out that Lisa backstabbed him.     
This was not just about Lisa being jealous of Talia. It was about endangering others, Damon included. After all, if anything happened to Talia, Damon would be weakened, which meant the whole Dark Howlers pack would be in danger, and that was not a forgivable offense.      
Maddox continued interrogating Grady, and Grady told them that he grew up among humans and that he joined Tristan's group only a few months back.     
Other than, "I can show you where Tristan's hideouts and package pickup spots are," Grady didn't have anything else that would be usable.     
Maddox ran out of questions, so they needed to decide.     
"What should we do with him?" Maddox asked Tatiana.     
Tatiana looked at Varya standing next to Grady and clinging to his arm, and Tatiana had no idea how to answer this.     
Grady was a rogue, a part of the group that caused them so much grief and turned her luxurious wedding into a day for mourning, but there was her younger sister, pleading silently for her mate to be spared.     
"We are yet to confirm if what he said was the truth," Tatiana said.     
"I believe he spoke truthfully," Talia chimed in. Liseli told her that the guy was not lying. There might be a chance he was concealing things, but whatever he said was the truth.     
Maddox frowned at Talia's words. If Grady lied, it would be easy to deal with him. However, if he told the truth, it meant he collaborated, and... what next? Should they just release a rogue? That wouldn't end well.     
"How about we take him to the Dark Howlers pack?" Damon asked, surprising everyone. He knew that Talia wouldn't say the guy was truthful without confidence.     
"What do you mean?" Varya asked Damon suspiciously.     
"So far, your mate showed goodwill. Considering that he was with Tristan only for a short time, and he didn't harm anyone himself, we will give him a chance as long as he agrees to join the Dark Howlers pack."     
"Join the pack?" Grady asked, unsure if he was relieved or horrified by this.     
Damon confirmed. "You said that you are a scout and quick on your feet. If you join the Dark Howlers pack, we will test your abilities. If you do well, you can become a warrior."         
"A warrior?" Grady echoed Damon's last words, unsure if Damon was giving him a way out or tricking him.     
Talia looked at Damon questionably, and she asked him through their private mind-link, 'You will take in a rogue?'     
Damon didn't think it was a big deal. 'The Dark Howlers pack takes in anyone who needs a place to stay and doesn't mean harm to the pack. I told you that when we met. Didn't I?'     
He did, but… 'Why do I have a feeling you have another reason?'     
'He saw you using your powers. If he joins our pack, I will have more control over him.'     
Talia was still not convinced. 'Isn't he a liability?'     
'It is clear that no one wants him dead, and keeping him in the dungeon is not an option either. I will have people assigned to watch over him. Becoming a warrior can be a lengthy training, and we can prolong it until he slips or convinces us in his sincerity.'     
Talia realized that Damon's words made sense, and she admired how he could think logically in this situation. He already had a plan, and it turned her on a bit. Smart Damon was sexy. How could she lag behind him?     
"My Alpha has spoken," Talia said to Varya and Grady. "If I understood correctly, neither of you lived as part of a pack before. Other than joining the Dark Howlers pack, you will need to learn about the rules we follow and accept guidance from people we assign as your counselors. Based on your abilities and interests, we expect that you will perform specific duties. Since you are a mated couple, you will get a dwelling where you can live together, and you will never go hungry. What do you say? Do you agree to this?"     
"We agree!", Varya and Grady said in unison, both relieved that there was a way out for them which didn't include a dungeon or worse.     
Talia was already planning to conceal Grady's identity as a rogue. Only a selected few will know in order to avoid any unnecessary complications. And there was also one more benefit.     
'We can ask Grady to let us know if he recognizes anyone,' Talia spoke to Damon through their mind link. 'He worked as a messenger for rogues, and I'm sure that he saw some spies.'     
Damon nodded in response. He liked that Talia was thinking about how to use this situation to their advantage.      
Kalina and Tatiana looked at Talia gratefully. They wanted Varya to be happy with her mate, but they didn't know how to make it happen, considering that Grady was a rogue. However, with Talia keeping an eye on the couple, Tatiana and Kalina were confident that Varya won't be bullied. If it was Talia and Damon, they could do anything.      
Sisters were also happy that all five of them would be staying in the US. What luck!     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 790: Plans for Grady (1)
Chapter 790: Plans for Grady (1)
Tatiana's smile fell when she saw that Varya and Grady were about to kiss.         
"What are you doing!?" Tatiana snapped. "Until you become members of the Dark Howlers pack and pledge loyalty to Alpha Damon and Luna Talia, you are not allowed to mate."     
"Or kiss!" Kalina was quick to add.     
Varya looked at her sisters helplessly. Why were they treating her like a baby? Kalina was younger than Varya! But she knew Grady's background was a problem, and she didn't want to make things worse.     
"Alright," Varya agreed. "We will do that if you promise not to give us a hard time after it. Do we have a deal?"     
Kalina and Tatiana frowned, and Varya pointed an angry finger at her sisters. "I accepted your mates without questions asked. How would you feel if I stuck my nose into your relationships? I know you are worried about me, but I am fine. I know Grady is not a bad person. You need to believe me."     
Varya wrapped her arms around Grady's waist, and he was quick to put his arms around her, happy to see that his mate was fighting for them.     
Varya didn't know much about Grady, but she believed in him. The scene warmed his heart.     
Varya was still glaring at her sisters. "We endured a lot in the last few hours, and we agree not to get physical until we join the Dark Howlers pack. In return, I want you to at least be open-minded about this and stop treating my mate like he is the biggest villain alive. Can you do that much?"     
Kalina and Tatiana nodded stiffly.     
Varya grinned and tightened her hold on Grady. "Hugging is fine, right?"     
Tatiana snorted. "Why ask when you are already clinging to him?"     
"I am afraid that if I let go, you will harm him," Varya responded.     
"We agreed to be open-minded," Kalina said. "We won't harm him unless he does something bad."     
"Why are you assuming he will do anything bad? What if someone provokes him? Do you expect him to keep quiet?"     
Three Wilkow sisters bickered, and everyone wondered how much louder it would get if Lidia and Daria were also present. They all had fiery personalities, and Varya held her own in front of Kalina and Tatiana even though she was not marked by an Alpha.     
"When are we heading to our new pack?" Grady asked Damon and Talia. He was eager to leave this place.     
"We have a few matters to settle," Damon responded. "Until then, do your best to cooperate."     
Grady forced a smile while wondering, how did he end up relying on two people who wanted to kill him first? Was this April Fool's Day? Or maybe all this was one of those reality shows where people with cameras will jump out and tell him how it was all one big prank, and he will be famous. Or was it a dream? He would take anything, as long as it was not real.     
Grady jolted when he felt a palm on his cheek. Varya's hand was cold and slightly sweaty, telling him she was nervous. The electrifying sparks that prickled his skin were soothing, and he wanted more of them. All over his body, if possible.      
"It will be alright," Varya said. "I won't let them hurt you."     
Grady had never felt so useless in his life. All this was new and overwhelming, but the oddest thing was that a petite female said she will protect him. And the ridiculous part was that it was the truth. If Varya didn't step in, he would be dead. At least once.     
"Maya," Damon called. "Can you check with Gideon to see when it's convenient to do the ceremony for joining the pack? If we can wrap that up before heading back, that would be great."     
Maya agreed. "I'm sure Varya and Grady will be eager to do the ceremony as soon as possible."     
Maddox was grateful that Damon and Talia were taking custody of Grady, but he knew it wouldn't be simple. Grady was a rogue whose group was responsible for killing many, including a warrior from the Dark Howlers pack. How will Damon and Talia explain that to the members of their pack? What a mess!     
Maddox thought that Talia and Damon would leave to talk privately, but then he heard Damon ask, "James, can we have a word?"         
Maddox raised his eyebrows at the scene of Damon, Talia, James, and Cornelia walking out, and Maya and Caden observing the scene like it was a totally normal thing. Since when were they that close?     
…     
James had a hunch what Damon wanted to talk about. It was about Grady. James wanted to talk about him also.     
The fact was that Grady saw Cornelia performing magic, and James was not comfortable with the thought that the rogue will be alive and able to talk about it. What if the rogue exposes James' chocolate-colored Goddess?      
The four of them went into the packhouse and used one of the empty rooms on the first floor for their discussion.     
James was pleasantly surprised that his father didn't contact him so far. It was unusual that Alpha Edward didn't request a report on the situation, but James welcomed this silence. Was it possible that Alpha Edward was aware of what was going on? James wouldn't be surprised if his father had his spies. Heck, James wouldn't be surprised if his father had something to do with last night's attack.     
James sat on the sofa next to Cornelia and held her hand in his. As much as the whole night was a mess, he enjoyed this situation where he could be with Cornelia openly. His mark on her neck was concealed under a layer of makeup, but James knew it was there, hiding… just how he was hiding how important Cornelia was.     
"I wanted to talk about how to handle Grady," Damon's words snapped James out of his thoughts. "He is an asset, but also a liability. I'm sure you thought of some ways where we can take him with us, and he can be useful without endangering my pack."     
"How are you going to assure that he doesn't talk about what he saw here?" James asked.     
"Blood oath," Damon responded right away.     
"Make sure to include concealing the existence of witches."     
Damon's eyes darted to Cornelia as he understood why James was asking. "Alright."     
"You might want to work with Alpha Maddox to stage Grady's death before you leave."     
Damon didn't get it. "His death?"     
James hummed in confirmation. "Tristan is not a fool, and the fact that he was not here last night proves it. Don't underestimate him or the ability of rogues to get information. Many eyes saw that rogue sitting in front of the packhouse with a Wilkow sister clinging onto him, and that would mean only one thing… mates. What do you think Tristan will do when he finds out about it?"     
Damon nodded as he understood where James was going with this. "He will look for Grady."     
James raised his finger in the air that slowly fell to point at Damon as James spoke, "Tristan will look for Grady until he finds him, and then he will use him against you."     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 791: Plans for Grady (2)
Chapter 791: Plans for Grady (2)
"How can rogues use Grady against us?" Talia asked. "He was seen here, and we will take him to the Dark Howlers pack secretly."         
James released a long breath. "No offense, Talia, but you are too na?ve."     
Talia frowned. What did he mean by, no offense? It was offensive, alright?     
Talia would ask for moral support from Damon, but Damon told her more than once that she was too soft, so she guessed that Damon would probably just agree with James. And even if Damon defended her, he would do it because she is his mate and not because he believed it.     
She decided to show some backbone. "What does my personality have to do with Grady?"     
"Nothing," James said. "But because you are so kind and inexperienced, you can't see how dirty people can be. Your best quality is also your biggest flaw."     
"I am not sure if you are complimenting or insulting me," Talia shared her thoughts.     
"Oh, it's a compliment. Trust me," James said. "Consider yourself lucky that Alpha Damon is your mate. If it's any other Alpha…" James shook his head and decided to get back to the topic they discussed. Grady, the rogue.     
"When Grady met Tristan and their group, he was stupid enough to believe that rogues are good guys. He was probably so happy that he spilled everything about his life in the human city. Grady said that his mother had passed, but what about his friends? Ex-girlfriends? There are so many ways to blackmail Grady into obedience, and if you think that the blood oath will protect you, I can tell you that you are wrong because there is always a way to go around an obstacle you are aware of."     
"That still doesn't explain how rogues can use Grady. Don't they need to approach him first? How will they approach him if they don't know where he is?" Talia asked, feeling proud of herself for thinking of this.     
"And that's how we are getting to the point of the Wilkow sister, Varya," James said with a smug smirk like he was waiting for that question.     
"What about her?" It was Cornelia who asked. She loved when James displayed his smarts.     
James' expression softened as he looked at his chocolate-colored Goddess. "No matter how much they hide Grady, they can't hide a Wilkow sister. Kalina and Tatiana are Lunas and too high profile. After last night's live stream, everyone saw Varya standing among the bridesmaids. And there were also numerous photos taken by reporters. Do you think that she can go into public and not be recognized? Once Tristan hears how a Wilkow sister was clinging onto his man, it won't be difficult to find Grady."     
Talia's mood dropped at James' words. She knew he was right, and now that he said it, it sounded logical. Why didn't she think of that herself?     
Damon didn't like this. "Are you saying we must stage Grady's death and then hide them? Or should we ask them to wear disguises wherever they go?" If it's for a limited time, it would be feasible. But what if it takes forever? Damon regretted offering Grady to come to the Dark Howlers pack. Killing him would be simpler. Maybe he can make it look like an accident, preferably before Grady and Varya mate.     
'Mate won't approve,' Sapa spoke into Damon's mind.     
'She won't approve only if she finds out about it.'     
'More lies?'     
Damon was exasperated. Why was Sapa coming out only to scold him? Praise or two would be nice!     
'I have no intention of lying,' Damon grumbled at the ancient wolf spirit. 'I am only trying to keep Talia safe. In case you missed it, the last night's mess was because someone wanted to get his hands on Talia, and we have no idea who that is. What do you suggest I do?'     
'Use your position and power to solve the problem without upsetting mate,' Sapa said sternly.     
"There is another way," James said mysteriously, pulling Damon out of his mental chat with Sapa.     
"What way?" Damon asked.     
"Use Grady to your advantage."     
Damon didn't get it. "We can use Grady to send misinformation, but I don't see how that would help. Now that we know where Tristan's hideout is, we can just wipe them off."     
James shook his head, indicating how that was not what he meant. "It's obvious that a small rogue like Tristan couldn't be behind last night's attack. Someone else organized them, but Grady is too low in the hierarchy of rogues to know anything useful."         
Damon thought how that makes sense, but... "Rogues don't keep databases we can hack into, and they don't share their secrets either. What can a newbie like Grady do?"     
James thought for a moment before responding. "It's a long shot, but… if Grady could help us get to that Lisa person, he would be useful. As someone who has access to the information from your pack, she is a valuable resource to Tristan, and he will not let her leave his sight."     
Damon rubbed his chin while thinking about James' words. If Tristan won't leave Lisa out of his sight, the probability was high that… "Lisa should know who was behind this."     
James' eyes flashed in agreement. "If I understood the situation correctly, Lisa still belongs to your pack. Even among rogues, Tristan has a nasty reputation. He has a way with words and a short fuse. The rumors about him involve crippling people, and he doesn't use tools or weapons to achieve that." James lifted his fist, indicating that Tristan beats up people who disobey him. "I am confident that Lisa is not having an easy time there. You can mind-link her, but in order to make her submit, she needs to come to you. Grady is one of them, and he can help her escape Tristan."     
Talia shook her head. "Even if we find a way to get Grady to cooperate, you assume that Lisa wants to escape Tristan. Lisa is a tantrum-throwing person, unable to hold back her grudges, and her mother adores her. The last thing I heard, Stephanie was happily talking about how Lisa finding her mate. Assuming that it's Tristan and he is mistreating Lisa, Lisa is set on hiding it, otherwise, Stephanie would go ballistic."     
It was James' turn to pause. "It doesn't matter if Lisa won't or can't escape her abuser. What matters is that her mother won't approve after finding the truth."     
Talia's eyes widened. "You want us to use Stephanie to get Lisa out of there?"     
James spread his hands, palms up. "I am only telling you that you found the information you can use to get an advantage. How will you use it, it's up to you. Considering Lisa's unique position, if I were you, I would make a solid effort in getting her out of there and into my custody."     
Damon ran his hand through his hair. Many things James said made sense, but everything was risky.     
"We can storm that place and extract Lisa," Damon said.     
James disapproved. "If Tristan knows that Lisa was close to you, and he probably does, he will use her as a hostage. Another thing is that he will know that Lisa is a double-edged sword, and he might eliminate her at the first sign of your attack. In either case, you won't win."     
Damon cursed under his breath. James was right. Those were rogues, and they won't flinch when killing.     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 792: Buttering up James
Chapter 792: Buttering up James
Damon looked at Talia, and he wondered how much he was failing her. He brought her to the Dark Howlers pack with a promise of a home, food, and access to medical care. He got her all that, but it came with a baggage of endless troubles. Just when he thought they resolved one thing, two more would pop up. Damn it!         
How could he call himself an Alpha when he couldn't give his Luna a comfortable life? And this was not about a comfortable life. It was about preserving Talia's life.     
Just last night, Talia was in the forest, fighting rogues, and he had no idea she was in danger!     
What if something happened to her? How could he step in front of his people and expect them to believe he will protect them when he couldn't protect his mate? How could he look into the mirror knowing that Talia was harmed on his watch?     
The anguish ripped his heart into pieces at the thought that Talia was nearly kidnapped. What would they do to her? What if he couldn't find her? What if… Damon balled his hands into fists until his knuckles turned white.     
Talia didn't know what was on Damon's mind, but she could sense that his mood was off. Actually, he looked a bit murderous.     
"Damon? Damon?" She called. "It will be alright. We will figure this out."     
Damon stared at Talia blankly. Was she comforting him?     
He reached for her and hugged her tightly until there was no space between them.     
"Promise you won't leave my side," he said.     
Talia nodded right away and asked, "Do you need rest, or can we address some important things?"     
Damon released a sharp breath. "I am OK. Let's do this."     
He was squeezing her, which told her he was not OK, but James and Cornelia were watching, so she wanted to make this quick.     
"Three things. First, we need to find out how much Stephanie knows about the current situation and to confirm if she was the one tipping off Lisa. Second, Grady and Varya will enter our pack in a low-key manner, and we will try to isolate them as much as possible. And third, when we reach home, I want us to meet with Lulu's father personally. Do you think we can do that?"     
Damon confirmed. Visiting Lulu's father will be emotionally challenging, but there were no obstacles to make it happen. As for the other two… "Maya will ask Rosa to prepare one side-house for Grady and Varya. I am hoping that Gideon can do the ceremony right away, and with them being a newly-mated couple, they won't come out of the house for days. By then, we will figure out what to do with them. The fastest method to find out who is working with rogues would be to get our hands on Lisa, but she is with Tristan now, and that won't be easy."     
Damon rubbed his forehead while thinking about other options. "I can use my aura to force Stephanie and others in the packhouse to confess, but that will tip them off, and the innocents will be offended. We can go with the roundabout tactic by telling a different lie to each person and keeping an eye on Tristan's movements…" Damon's voice trailed, and he turned to look at James.     
"Do you have any spies that can keep an eye on rogues?" Damon asked.     
James' eyes widened. "You want to spy on rogues?"     
Damon confirmed. "I wish to find out about Lisa's situation."      
James thought for a moment before responding, "I don't have anyone, but my father might. Give me a second…" It took him a second to think of something. "I will take care of it."     
Damon was surprised by James' confidence. "You will?"     
"My father expects secretive information since I'm spending time with Alpha Natalia's special advisor. I will tell him I overheard you talking how one of your close friends got mated to Tristan. If I say that she grew up in the packhouse as your sister, I'm confident that my father will not spare resources to investigate that."     
"You can also say that Lisa was Tony's girlfriend," Talia said.      
Damon's face fell. "That's right. Lisa had information on the Lightclaw pack also. We should warn Tony and Kalina."     
"This will make my father more interested in her," James said. "With any luck, my father might try to get his hands on the female so that he can get information from her personally." There was also an option of Alpha Edward and Tristan collaborating, but James didn't want to mention that. Whether they were associated or not, Tristan won't give up on Lisa willingly.     
Damon liked James' plan. The boy was a genius. Will it be too early to ask him to join the Dark Howlers pack as a Gamma?         
"If you ever consider leaving the Red Moon pack, I might have a position for you," Damon said.     
James was surprised by this switch of topics. "What kind of a position?"     
"A high-ranking one. You just need to say you are willing."     
James shook his head. "I am flattered, but I must ask, are you willing to risk my father starting an open war?"      
Damon pursed his lips. He knew that James had a point, but... "You could be my Gamma. That position will grant you liberties and power you don't have now. In the Dark Howlers pack, you and your mate can be together openly. As for the war... my future Gamma is the smartest guy I ever met. I'm sure he will figure out how to make it work."     
James was aware that Damon was sweet-talking him into trouble, but hearing Damon praising him felt damn good. His father never did anything like that.     
Any good words that left Alpha Edward's lips about James were when he was talking to others, how James was his son, the best future Alpha, and how their pack will prosper. It was just an empty talk Alpha Edward used to make himself look better. It had nothing to do with James.      
That was why this was different. There were no witnesses and no benefits, and James knew that Damon meant it. Alpha Damon of the Dark Howlers pack called James the smartest guy he ever met, and that meant a lot.     
"Your offer is appealing, Alpha Damon. I will consider it seriously," James said with a little bow.     
Talia and Cornelia exchanged smiles, both hoping that this will work.      
Talia liked Cornelia from the beginning, and having another high-ranking witch in the Dark Howlers pack would be a bonus.      
Cornelia liked that she could move about in the Dark Howlers pack freely, Amelia was there, and it would all be a hundred folds better if James could be with her also. No more hiding.      
James cleared his throat and said, "As for the issue with your mole, give me a few days, and I will let you know if my father takes the bait. I recommend that before you take Grady with you, you stage his death. Make it look like guards beat him to death during interrogation. They can drag his body out of the dungeon for others to see. Regardless of what you do later, Tristan will believe that Grady is dead, so he won't come searching for him."     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 793: Creating happy memories (J&C)
Chapter 793: Creating happy memories (J&C)
After they finished talking about Lisa and rogues, James asked Damon and Talia if there was any other information they could give him about their packs that was not threatening. Considering how much time he spent away from Alpha Edward, he needed something to prove his worth.         
They came up with a few stories that had just enough facts to make them believable yet not useful. James didn't plan on using those unless necessary; they were just in case his father got impatient and tried something crazy.     
With that, James and Cornelia left with Cornelia's room as their intended destination.     
Now that the official work was over, James was slightly embarrassed about his meltdown where he cried like a baby in front of his mate. That was not manly at all. Did she think less of him because of that?     
James was grateful that Cornelia didn't bring it up, and he was happy that she didn't leave his side. She was letting him hold her, and she held onto him as well, like she understood that her proximity made everything better.     
James' hand landed on the doorknob, and just as he pushed the door open, his eyes lost focus.     
Cornelia noticed. "What is it?"     
James looked at her with a complex expression. "My father wants to see me." He didn't want to leave.     
"We knew this would happen," Cornelia said, and she pulled him into the room. "Hold me for a minute before you go."     
James was quick to wrap his arms around Cornelia, happy that she was clingy. The confirmation that his beautiful mate wanted his proximity was the best thing ever.     
He buried his face in the crook of her neck and inhaled her sweet scent of wild berries.     
The time was running out, but instead of letting go of Cornelia, his hold on her intensified.     
"Jay?" It was getting difficult to breathe.     
"I don't want to go."     
Cornelia didn't want him to go either, but… "You must. It's part of the play. To be honest, I am surprised he didn't call you earlier."     
James realized she was right. During the night, James shut down his mind link. However, after returning to the packhouse in the morning, James was available, yet his father didn't reach out.     
It was uncharacteristic, and James could think of only one possibility. "What if my father was part of last night's attack?"     
"You don't know that."     
James stepped away from Cornelia and rubbed his face while thinking aloud, "Didn't Damon say how my father didn't disturb Talia at the event? I remember how eager he was to get close to Alpha Natalia, the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Why would he stay away?  Talia was right there, yet he only watched from the side. My father is not the one who will sit on the side and watch unless he has an agenda."     
James started pacing around the room. "Should I believe that he was afraid of provoking Alpha Damon? Or that he put his hopes how I will open the door of the Midnight Guardians pack for him? Now that I think about it, it makes sense… he knew someone will try to kidnap Talia. And if he was behind it, it explains why he didn't approach her. It was because he was planning to talk to her later, when she was in his hands." And knowing Alpha Edward, it wouldn't be just talking. "We were thinking of using Lisa for information, yet the one behind it all was my father. How come I didn't see it?"     
Cornelia moved to block his path, and he stopped an inch before they collided.     
Cornelia poked his chest with her finger. "Stop doing this to yourself, James. No one expects you to know everything or to save the world. Edward Redmayne did many bad things, and you can't be responsible for them. I won't allow it."     
James snorted. Saving the world? He was unable to save himself and his mate. How could he save others? Besides... "I did bad things also."     
Cornelia cupped his cheeks with her palms. "And I am confident that whatever you did was to survive. I will never blame you for it. You are NOT like that man. He is hurting others for power, for greed. You are doing it to save yourself. There is a big difference between those two, Jay."     
James knew she was right but knowing and putting it into practice were two different things.     
It was easy to blindly follow Alpha Edward's orders when he didn't know who was impacted. But since he came to the Dark Howlers pack and met Damon, Talia, Maya, Caden, Petra, Erik, Zack, Cornelia, and many others, things changed. James changed.         
People like Damon and Talia acknowledged him as a person, not as Alpha Edward's son, and not as the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack, but as a person.      
Damon offered him a position of a Gamma in the largest pack in North America. And that would be because of what he, James, can do. And that meant the world.     
James wondered, was he worthy of such a position?     
What would a good Gamma do? Would he turn a blind eye and pretend that things were alright only so that he could survive?     
James knew Lulu, and she was gone now. Even Marcy died, and if Alpha Edward was behind this attack, how can James move on like it had nothing to do with him?     
But retaliation meant punishment, and probably more, and James now had to worry about himself and Cornelia. Putting Cornelia in danger was unacceptable.     
James looked at Cornelia, whose deep brown eyes held so much love that he wished to stay in there forever. He didn't want to disappoint her because if she stopped looking at him like that, it would be the end of everything worth fighting for.     
"What do you expect me to do?" James asked.     
Cornelia's eyebrows shot up. If it were up to her, they would get rid of all problems with a spell, or maybe with a potion. They didn't need to kill anyone. Turning them into imbeciles would be enough. But she guessed that things couldn't be that simple. "You are asking me?"     
"Yes. Should I come clean and face my father's wrath? With any luck, I might survive, and everything will be over. Or should we run? With different identities, they won't find us if we are careful. Or…"     
"Kiss me."     
James paused. It's not that he didn't want to, but how will that solve anything? "What?"     
"You don't expect me to make a life-altering decision without thinking it through? I hear you want my input, and I will think about it. Once I come up with something, I will let you know, and until then… kiss me."     
James smiled a bit and leaned to peck her lips, fearing that if he did more than that, he would drag her to bed, and then Alpha Edward would go ballistic because he had to wait.     
The kiss was brief, too brief, and they stared at each other in silence because it was too soon for him to leave.     
"Jay, there is no solution that will guarantee a happy future."     
"So, what do you suggest?"     
"We need to ensure a happy present. Plan for the future, but not to the point of freezing in fear because you don't see a way out now. No one can predict what the future will bring. However, if we do our best to enjoy the present, we will create happy memories which will help us stay strong when the times get tough."     
James' eyes widened as he processed Cornelia's words.     
"Ah! What are you doing?" She squeaked when he scooped her in his arms without any warning.     
James lowered her to the bed. "Creating happy memories."     
Cornelia opened her mouth to say something, but the words failed her when James' lips latched around his mark on her neck, and he started sucking.     
The sensation was electrifying like someone rewired every cell in her body to be able to think about only one thing.     
Her hands moved frantically to pull his shirt up, craving for that skin-to-skin contact that will relieve the throbbing need which swelled in her core, and James didn't resist as she undressed him with urgency.     
No matter what Alpha Edward wanted and how long he waited, every minute without Cornelia was torturous, and James was set on creating happy memories that will help him stay strong until the next time they could be together.         
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 794: Talia's rest
Chapter 794: Talia's rest
Since James and Cornelia left, Damon showed no intention of releasing Talia from his hold.         
Both of them were aware that this was not the time to idle, but they were finally alone, this was their moment of peace, and every second counted.     
Talia marveled at the way how his arms circled her protectively. It was like he erected an invisible barrier that didn't allow anything to go through, isolating her from the trouble and noise around them.     
Talia pressed her ear to Damon's chest and listened to his strong heartbeat that had the power to pacify her demons, and she wished they could stay like that forever.     
His scent of the forest and the dark chocolate filled her existence a long time ago, yet it still felt fresh and soothing, like it was on the first day they met. Damon's scent urged her to get closer and stay there because only when they were together she could be at peace. He was her other half, her safe harbor, her home.     
Talia felt herself sinking into Damon's embrace as the lack of energy hit her hard, but she couldn't give in to the fatigue because they had so many things to deal with.     
"Damon?"     
"Hmm?"     
"Since we will be heading to the Dark Howlers pack today, I was thinking of telling Meg and Kai they can visit her parents. Without me around, they are not needed here, and I'm sure that Meg would rather spend two extra days with her family than stick around here."     
Damon had no ions, but… "What about their safety? Tony and Kalina will stay until the end. Actually, with this mess from rogues, they might stay longer."     
Talia remembered that Meg should travel with additional security. Now that her Beta was pregnant, shifting into wolf form or using powers was not allowed, which made Meg an easy target.     
Talia got an idea. "I can ask Cornelia to teleport them."     
While on the topic of Cornelia, Damon had to ask, "How long will the witch stay here?"     
"Probably until James leaves. She can say that I had to deal with something in the pack, so she stayed behind as my representative. Considering that Cornelia can teleport, I'm not concerned about her."     
"We should still not leave her on her own. What if someone provokes her, and she blasts them with her magic?"     
Talia didn't think of this before, but now that Damon mentioned it, Talia could imagine Alpha Edward or one of his associates sneakily getting close to Cornelia when James is not around. With Cornelia's prideful nature and short temper, that won't end well. "We can ask Tanya and Max to assign a few Omegas to keep an eye on Cora when James is not around. No matter what someone is planning, they won't do it in front of witnesses."     
Damon hummed in agreement with this.     
"Can you handle Grady's fake death without me?" Talia asked Damon.     
"Do you want to rest?" Damon guessed. "I can take care of that and ask Cornelia about teleporting Meg and Kai. Maya confirmed that Gideon can perform the ceremony whenever I am ready, and I can handle that also."     
"Don't forget the blood oath." Talia reminded him.      
Damon was pleased to hear that Talia was not opposed to making Grady and Varya take the blood oath. "I thought of doing that part together with you."     
Talia didn't think it was important. "Just get them to pledge loyalty to you. I am your mate. Betraying me means betraying you."     
Damon smiled. "Alright. While I deal with those things, you should be able to get at least two hours of sleep. I will join you when I'm done."     
Talia was exhausted, but she was fairly confident that she won't be able to fall asleep. Especially not without Damon. And it didn't sound right to sleep when everyone else was so busy.     
"I was thinking of going to visit Lulu. Caleb and Keith are there, and they could use a break."     
"No." Damon refused sternly. He didn't want Talia to go there and break down again. "I want you to rest."         
"I can't rest, Damon. I need to do something."     
"Sure. Do whatever you want as long as it doesn't involve dead bodies or putting yourself in danger," Damon said sternly, and then his expression softened. "I am worried about you, kitten. I know you can't sleep, but I want you to rest. Do something relaxing. For me."     
"I can help Tanya."     
"No," Damon rejected that idea. How was that relaxing? "Now it's daytime, and she has plenty of people helping her." He could imagine that skinny assistant guy in flashy outfits buzzing around Tatiana. What if he gets close to Talia? Damon would slap him back to Europe. "If you are so energetic, you can come with me."     
After Damon mentioned dead bodies, Talia realized she didn't want to be close to death, even if it was fake.     
Talia decided to go with her next option. "I could use some time alone in nature."     
Damon couldn't believe this. Did she learn anything last night?     
"Alone? Nature?" He asked stiffly.     
"Just to feel the unspoiled grass under my feet. You said to do something relaxing. Being in nature is what I always do to relax. I will find a spot in the shade and listen to the birds and not get into trouble. It's daytime, and I won't go far. What can happen?"     
What can happen? Plenty!     
Damon wanted to say no, but he held back. There must be a solution so Talia can do what she wants and do it safely.     
"You can go to the edge of the forest," Damon said. "If the packhouse is not in your visual range, you ventured too far. Keith and Caleb will keep an eye on you from a distance. This is non-negotiable." And he will ask Maddox to assign some warriors to be in the area also. One could never be too careful because Talia was too precious, and she had a knack for getting herself into trouble.     
…     
Gregory moved between the tables that Omegas cleaned after a group of people finished eating.     
He was there as help, but he had no intention of helping.     
On the previous day, Gregory arrived later than planned because he found Vincent wandering around the Guardians' castle.     
Vincent was supposed to bring information on Alpha Natalia and recent changes in the Midnight Guardians pack, but Vincent was disoriented and couldn't remember why he was there or anything related to the Midnight Guardians pack.     
Gregory was running late, so he didn't have much time to check Vincent's condition, but Gregory guessed that Talia had to do something with it. After all, even Alphas couldn't touch them, and considering Talia's impressive performance with the sphere of power, she was the only suspect. That made Gregory even more curious about Talia.     
Last night was wasted as he didn't get a chance to get close to Alpha Natalia. He saw her from a distance, with Alpha Damon hovering around her, but cameras and reporters were everywhere, and Gregory couldn't risk being caught by those lenses. Erasing a person is not a big deal, but if his face goes viral for thousands to see, it would be a problem.     
However, the previous night was not a total waste. Thanks to the stupid rogues attacking, Gregory managed to pick up Talia's unique energy signature.     
They used devices that messed with his perception, and due to the crowded forest, he didn't get too close, but it was close enough to know that Talia was surrounded, and she came out unscathed even though she couldn't use her Alpha aura. To say that Gregory was curious was an understatement.     
Gregory was brimming with the excitement of getting closer to Alpha Natalia, and he finally got his chance.     
Her presence was moving away from the packhouse, and it didn't take him long to catch up.     
Gregory watched as Talia, Keith, and Caleb reached the outskirts of the forest. The trio exchanged words, and then Keith and Caleb moved away, and she sat on the ground with her back leaning against the trunk of a tree.     
Gregory also noticed six more presences, but he knew they were not obstacles, so he focused on a female that looked so delicate, but he could sense she was formidable.         
His palms were sweating.     
Gregory had been thinking about Alpha Natalia ever since the Council of the Alphas, and there she was… alone under the tree, removing the fabric that was around her neck and she put it over her face. Was she about to take a nap? He would be stupid to pass this chance.     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 795: Talk with a Guardian (1)
Chapter 795: Talk with a Guardian (1)
Talia was sitting on the grass feeling guilty that she left Damon to deal with so many things on his own, and that she refused Keith's and Caleb's offer for a chit-chat.         
But she really needed rest. Mentally.     
She couldn't imagine talking with Keith and Caleb about anything that was not Lulu-related and that would only make things worse.     
Last night was turbulent and emotional and now that things settled down, Talia was not sure if she was more disturbed by the fact that Lulu died while protecting her, or because Talia killed people.     
She didn't mean to kill anyone. It was a moment of anger and anguish and her energy exploded, blasting all rogues in the area, and… they died.     
The most unsettling was that it was so easy.     
Talia was unable to save Lulu who bled out in a matter of seconds, and Talia harvested lives like a grim reaper who does service in bulk.     
Was she the calamity that Sophia and Isaac spoke about?     
Talia removed the scarf that was around her neck. It was silky and soft, but it suffocated her, and she needed air.     
Talia stopped caring if anyone will see Damon's mark there.     
All her previous worries paled in comparison to her killing without trying. She was a murderer.     
What if she does it again?     
What if she gets upset and people die?     
How can she be close to anyone and not worry that she might kill accidentally?     
What if Damon came a minute earlier than he did last night? Would she blast him away also? Would she kill her own mate?     
Talia took deep breaths to calm down because she didn't want Damon to pick up her emotions. He will think that someone attacked her and come rushing to her rescue.     
Talia put the scarf over her face and closed her eyes.     
If anyone attacks her, she didn't want anyone to rescue her because when her emotions flare she will kill indiscriminately, like last night.     
'You are not a murderer,' Liseli spoke into Talia's mind. 'If you didn't kill them, they would get you. They were the bad guys. You only defended yourself. If they didn't come, if they left you alone, if they didn't try to kidnap you, they wouldn't be dead now. This was NOT your fault.'     
'Thanks, Lis. I needed to hear this.' She really did.     
Now only to repeat that a million times until it gets engraved into Talia's way of thinking, and she stops feeling guilty about it.     
Talia released a slow breath and sank her fingers into the grass on her sides. The sensation of soft blades caressing her gently should be soothing, but this time it didn't achieve the desired effect. Something was wrong.     
Her eyes snapped open.     
'What's going on?' Liseli asked, feeling that Talia's anxiety swelled.     
'Birds.'     
'What about them?'         
'They are not singing.'     
It was broad daylight, and considering that there was forest everywhere, Talia expected to hear the birds sing, and other creatures moving about, but it was completely silent. It reminded her of last night.     
Forest creatures acted on their instincts alone, and this quiet usually meant that a predator was around. Danger.     
Without thinking, Talia called through the mind-link, 'Damon?'     
'Yes, kitten?'     
Talia exhaled. What was she doing? Didn't she just say that even if anyone attacked, she didn't want to be rescued?     
'Nothing. I just wanted to check what's going on at your end.' Was she getting paranoid?     
'Do you miss me?' He asked with amusement in his voice.     
'Always,' she replied without missing a beat.     
Damon chuckled. 'It's good to hear your voice. Cornelia is preparing a teleportation diagram for Kai and Meg, they will be in the Lightclaw pack soon, just as you planned. Ivy and Lily will also go with them. They agreed to wear blindfolds, but it seems that Kalina told them that Yasmin is different, so Ivy and Lily have an idea about witches. Gideon is preparing for the ceremonies. Right now, I'm figuring out what to do with Grady. He doesn't like the idea of letting the guards beat him up for real, so we will need to improvise.'     
Damon spoke quickly even for the mind-link, and Talia needed a moment to process all that information. Did they part ways only about half an hour ago? He did so many things, yet she just came to the forest to sit.     
'Kitten, unless you have something urgent, I will focus on what's going on here,' Damon said before Talia could respond. 'Varya is on the verge of biting someone, and Max and Kalina left me to deal with this mess, so I am the only Alpha here. Maya and Caden can't deal with her because they don't want to offend Kalina and Tatiana.'     
'Sure, sure. You focus there, I will focus on my relaxation. We will talk when you are done.'     
Damon didn't ask about her status, so Talia guessed that Damon was in contact with Caleb and Keith.     
Without chatter with Damon, Talia focused on the forest. Everything seemed fine, except that it was quiet. It was like the wind itself stopped.     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
---     
Talia's attention snapped at the shadow that moved from behind one tree and her eyes widened when she realized it was a man. She didn't sense him. What about Keith and Caleb?     
Their eyes met and he raised his arms up, indicating that he means no harm.     
"I didn't mean to startle you, Alpha Natalia," he said in a soft voice, but she heard him clearly.     
Talia glanced around and didn't see anyone.     
"I am alone. I mean no harm," he said while advancing slowly toward her.     
Talia frowned. Yes, she was checking if he was alone, but she was also checking where Keith and Caleb were. For some reason, her sensing ability was acting out, like someone was suppressing it and Talia wondered if that was because of her anxiety. In order to sense her surroundings, she needed to be calm and focused, and she was unable to do that in her current situation.     
When he was about five steps away from her, the man squatted, facing Talia. "I only want to talk."         
"Who are you?"     
"A staff member," he responded. "I came to check how are you doing and if you need anything."     
She was confident that she didn't meet him before, but somehow… he was familiar.     
'Careful, girl…' Liseli growled in Talia's mind. 'That man has no wolf.'     
Talia swallowed hard and her eyes widened when she realized from where he looked familiar. She saw him in Vincent's memories!     
'That's a Guardian, Lis.'     
'Yes, it is. And this one is more powerful than the one we found in the Midnight Guardians pack.'     
Talia quickly glanced around, this time hoping that Keith and Caleb won't come.     
Seeing that no one was in visual range, Talia guessed that he did something. Should she pretend not to notice? Should she pretend that she doesn't know who he is?     
She was sick of playing games and falling into traps.     
Talia acknowledged that she underestimated Guardians, and she decided to take charge of whatever was going on. If she played along, she will only do what he wanted.     
Talia was not a scared girl from the attic, she was Alpha Natalia Moonrider, and she will act like it.     
Talia's demeanor changed as she steeled her resolve to face this head-on. No more hiding.     
"To what do I owe the honor of a Guardian coming to check on me?"     
###Chapter 796: Talk with a Guardian (2)
Chapter 796: Talk with a Guardian (2)
Gregory's lips lifted into a smile, and he couldn't hide the surprise from his eyes. "You know who I am?"         
Talia lifted her chin confidently. "I know what you are. Now, if you would introduce yourself, I would know your name also."     
"You can call me, Gregory."     
"Is that your real name?"     
His smile widened. He thought that she might run away, attack, or call for reinforcements. Not that any of those would work, but he was pleasantly surprised to see how calm she was.     
"You impress me, Alpha Natalia. I am glad we can talk peacefully."     
"Last time I checked, people who want peace don't come sneakily while concealing their identity."     
He sat on the ground and crossed his legs in the lotus position.     
"If I announced to everyone I am a Guardian, people would make a fuss about it."     
"And that is why you attend events pretending to be a staff member?"     
He shook his head. "I'm not here for the event."     
"Why are you here?"     
"For you."     
"For me?"     
He nodded earnestly. "You are ignoring my requests for us to meet, so I came to see you in person."     
Well, since they addressed those points, Talia thought of asking one more thing.     
"What did you do to my guards?"     
"They are unable to respond, but otherwise unharmed. Considering your identity, only Alphas or an army would dare to attack, and that means your guards should be able to defend against those in order to be considered as someone who can protect you. Why do you have such weak guards? Being around you is only putting them in danger."     
Talia's insides tightened. Was he talking about Lulu? "Are you responsible for what happened last night?"     
He waved his hands. "I had nothing to do with it. I only want to talk."     
"That's what the rogues said."     
"Did they?"     
Talia confirmed. "They said that if I go with them voluntarily, no one will be hurt."     
"The last night's event was because they wanted to get you? If it was me, I wouldn't spread my forces so thin and play games. Whoever was behind it didn't think it through. Why make a move at an event full of Alphas? Unless they knew that most of the Alphas will stay in the packhouse."     
Gregory looked at Talia eagerly. "But you showed them their place. I couldn't get too close, but I know that you handled them."     
His eyes moved over her body. "Your delicate frame wouldn't allow you to emerge unharmed after physically confronting several grown men no matter what technique you were using. How did you do it when you couldn't use your aura?"         
The more he spoke, the more Talia was unsettled.     
"How do you know about the Alpha aura being blocked?"     
"I can sense the effects of the devices they used. Some of my kind were involved in research and production." And they mimicked what Gregory himself could do. Gregory suspected that the devices were made with the goal to deal with him, but he didn't want to reveal that to Talia.     
"And you gave them to rogues."     
Gregory made a face. "You are so quick to accuse me. I have nothing to do with rogues getting their hands on those. Humans are mass-producing them, thinking that they are making pest control devices." He chuckled. "In a way, they are right." Most of the Alphas are greedy bastards that should be eradicated.     
"Why should I believe you?" Talia asked.     
He shrugged. "Why would I lie?"     
Talia was not sure what to think of this situation. Gregory was too relaxed, talking like he didn't use a filter, and it only made her wary of him. Liseli said that he was stronger than Vincent, but Talia never measured her power against Vincent's so that information didn't serve any purpose other than telling Talia that the man in front of her was dangerous. But she was dangerous as well. Who would win if she attacked him now? What if he attacks? Will she be able to react in time?     
However, as much as the man in front of her was a mystery, she was a mystery to him as well, and if she projects confidence, he won't dare to do anything funny.     
"Alright," Talia said. "Let's say I believe you. You said you are here to talk to me. What do you want?"     
"To be honest, I would be pleased if you accept my invitation to come with me."     
"Why?"     
"Didn't Julian invite you to join us?"     
"So, you came personally to escort me for a tour?"     
"I didn't think you will come right away, but if you are willing, we can leave right away."     
Talia narrowed her eyes at him. "You won't force me?"     
"The invitation is for you to join us as one of us. Not as a prisoner. If I force you to come, you will only try to escape. This is an open invitation. Now or later, it's fine, but I prefer sooner than later."     
"What's the rush?"     
Gregory clicked his tongue. "Let's say that I waited for a long time for a powerful female to make her appearance." And there was a point that if she found her mate, things will be complicated.     
His eyes moved to her neck, and he froze. There was a mark, right there.     
Gregory thought of the possibility of Talia having a mate, but considering her strength, he assumed that she would be the one who did the marking, and not the other way around, so he didn't pay attention to her neck. Until now.     
Talia realized that he was staring at Damon's mark, and she put her hand to cover it up.     
"You are marked," Gregory said under his breath.     
Talia guessed that was not a good thing. Did the invitation extend to her mate as well, or did she put Damon in danger now? She thought that she didn't care if people knew she was Damon's mate, but now she regretted that she removed that scarf.     
"Yes, so?" She couldn't deny the obvious.         
"Who is it?"     
There was no way she would say it. "What's it to you?"     
"Is it someone from the Midnight Guardians pack?" He asked and then he shook his head. "If there is someone that strong, I would know." He was back to staring at Talia, straight into her eyes, like he could see her thoughts. "Who is your mate, Alpha Natalia?"     
Talia frowned. "Don't you think you are crossing the line?"     
He ignored her displeasure. "It must be an Alpha, right? But who is…" His expression froze when he realized… "You were last night with Alpha Damon. Everyone said how your two packs are close and forming an alliance, but that's not it. You are mates. He marked you." He shook his head. "How come I didn't think of that sooner? Even at the Council of Alphas, he was with you. The strongest male Alpha and the strongest female Alpha are mates. The world is about to change."     
Gregory was talking like a fanatic and Talia got goosebumps.     
She stood up. "This talk is over."     
He was on her feet and he held her wrist. "Did you have your heat?"     
Talia's eyes widened and she yanked her hand out of his hold. "That's none of your business!"     
"I will take that as a, no." He said and he was back to staring at her neck. "How long has it been since he marked you? That doesn't look fresh. Considering your strength, it should have happened."     
Talia couldn't believe this. What the hell was wrong with this guy? Weirdo.     
"What are you doing?" Talia asked when he saw him making hand symbols so quickly that she couldn't follow his movements.     
It lasted only a second and then he spread his palms toward her.     
Talia moved to dodge whatever he was doing, but it was too late as she felt a breeze on her skin.     
"What did you do to me?" She asked in panic, and it took her a moment to realize that nothing was happening. Other than Talia's anxiety shooting through the roof, everything else seemed normal. Or was it?     
'Talia…' Liseli spoke in a strained voice.     
Talia ran her hand over her forehead, confirming that she was sweating. 'What's going on, Lis?'     
'I think... You are going into heat.'     
As Liseli said that, Talia felt a wave of warmth swelling in her abdomen, and spreading through her body. It was like she got a fever.     
She licked her lips which were already dry.     
"What did you…?"     
Before she could finish her question, Talia collapsed on the grass.     
###Chapter 797: Sudden heat [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 797: Sudden heat [Bonus chapter]
Author's note:         
Thank you, Lucy_30, for the Magic Castle!     
- - -     
Note: comments that matter, gifts, and votes are available only on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l . c o m), where this novel is published.     
Now back to the novel... :)     
- - -     
Keith struggled against invisible restraints that shackled him on the spot. He couldn't move a muscle. Even his lips were sealed! What the hell was going on?     
'Caleb?' He called. 'Caleb!' Nothing.     
Anger swelled within him. Last night Talia was fighting with rogues, and they lost Lulu, and now this!? He didn't know what was happening, but he knew it was not good. He felt useless. How was he deserving to be Talia's guard?     
Ignoring his hurt pride, Keith decided to alarm Damon. Damon will punish them all for this slip-up in security, but no punishment will be harsh enough if Talia gets hurt on his watch.      
'Alpha! Alpha Damon!' Keith called.      
Nothing.      
'Alpha! Maya! Caden!'      
Silence.     
Why did this remind him of last night when their mind-link was dead?     
"I didn't mean to startle you, Alpha Natalia," Keith heard a male voice and his anxiety shot up through the roof. There was a man, and Keith couldn't do a thing!     
"I am alone. I mean no harm." The man said, and now Keith could see him squatting to face Talia.     
Keith cursed in his mind. If that guy meant no harm, how come Keith couldn't move a muscle? And Talia was not moving either. Was she stuck like everyone else? Damn it!     
Keith realized that this was a trap. Somehow, that guy trapped him, and probably Caleb and other guards also, and then the guy approached Talia.     
That's it. Alpha Damon will skin him alive. This time, for real.     
"To what do I owe the honor of a Guardian coming to check on me?" Talia's voice reached Keith and Keith realized that she could move, but that didn't make their situation more optimistic.      
A Guardian!     
Even Alphas can't fight against Guardians. What can one Keith do? And what about Talia!?     
Fuck! Was he stuck standing there, watching that Guardian talking to Talia while plotting who knows what?     
Keith struggled with all his might against invisible shackles, and after a lot of struggles, he could move his fingers.     
'Great!' Keith thought sarcastically. 'At this rate, in about a month I will be able to walk!'         
"Did you have your heat?" The Guardian asked and Keith realized he was running out of time.     
Why would the Guardian care about Talia's heat, unless… Keith didn't want to think about it, but he continued struggling, veins popping on his forehead from strain, and he was already drenched in sweat.     
"What did you do to me?" Talia asked and Keith could hear the panic in her voice. Shit! That guy was up to no good and Keith was stuck watching!     
Keith's heart stopped beating when he saw Talia falling to the ground.     
The guy crouched above her observing her. "This is unbelievable…" He reached to move the hair away from her face. The guy burst into maniacal laughter.     
Keith felt something snapping around his neck and a cooling sensation filled his body.     
Was that the necklace the Oracle gave him? Keith kept the necklace in his pocket, but after last night's incident, Keith thought it can't hurt to wear it around his neck.     
Without any warning, he fell on his face. His nose hurt, but he didn't care. The only thing important was that he was able to move.     
Keith dashed with all his might and tackled the Guardian who was crouching above Talia.     
Their bodies stopped rolling after two rotations, and Keith found himself on top of Gregory.     
'POW!' Keith punched Gregory in the face.     
"You bastard! What did you do to her!?"     
Gregory's nose was bleeding, and he ignored the stinging pain which told him that something was broken.     
He was staring at Keith in disbelief. Where did this guy come from?     
Gregory performed a heat-inducing ritual that would impact only females that have the bloodline of Guardians.     
When he saw that she was marked, Gregory was angry because he was too late, but then he realized that Talia's mark was not fresh, and she was not pregnant which made him think that she didn't have her heat yet.     
Werewolves are creatures that follow natural cycles, and considering that Talia was a strong Alpha, she should be in heat shortly after marking. That made Gregory think that she might be something more than a she-wolf.     
It was a long shot, and he couldn't believe that it worked. Talia was one of them. She belonged with them.     
Sure, she had a wolf, so her genes were diluted, but she was still much better than just an Alpha.     
This explained why she was so powerful. Was one of her parents a Guardian? Or grandparents? Who could it be?     
But the more unbelievable was that it worked. For a long time, Guardians had no females, and the last females didn't respond to the ritual at all.     
Talia had the bloodline of a Guardian, and she was also able to bear children. She was a treasure. A real treasure!     
After centuries without hope, Gregory could see the light. It was Talia.      
Gregory imagined Talia as their queen. They would give her anything she wanted, and serve her faithfully, treat her as their Goddess.     
She will save their species from extinction!          
These lowly werewolves didn't deserve her.      
Gregory was about to take Talia with him, but then this guy showed out of nowhere.     
"How can you move?" Gregory asked.     
"You fucker! How dare you lay your hands on Talia!?"     
Keith cursed and started raining punches mercilessly. He thought that Guardians were more than this, but why did this guy seem to be so weak?     
Gregory defended his vital points, but Keith was on top of him; Keith already landed a few solid punches which disoriented Gregory, and Keith had no intention of stopping. It was totally one-sided.     
Gregory tried his ability, but it seemed that the guy on top of him was immune. Was it possible that he also had a blood of a Guardian? No, it was something else. Even Guardians couldn't defend against Gregory. What the heck was this guy?     
Gregory was on the verge of losing consciousness when Keith froze with his bloodied fists in the air.     
Keith's nostrils flared and his head snapped to look at Talia. He never smelled anything so good in his life. It was sweet and inviting and it muddled his mind.     
"Fuck…", Keith said breathily when he understood what was going on. It was Talia. She was in heat, and the sweet and inviting scent was coming from her pheromones.     
Keith was not an expert, but he was confident that heat doesn't peak so quickly. Katya told him that she had about an hour from the first symptoms until pheromones started seeping out of her.     
Keith could hear Caleb and a few more males groaning.     
"Shit!"     
Keith dashed toward Talia and picked her up in his arms.     
Without stopping to check on Gregory or anyone else, Keith started running.     
If those males were affected by her scent, Keith will need to fight the Guardian and every other unmated male. And there was a problem that he was being affected as well.     
Keith looked at the woman in his arms whose face was flushed, and her half-open eyes were glossy.     
She smiled at him, and he could feel his arousal swelling to unprecedented levels. The only thing he wanted was to get down and dirty. With Talia.     
Who would know? It was just the two of them, in the forest, and she was leaning on him and smiling… she was willing. Right?     
Keith bit his lip harshly to snap out of it.     
What was he thinking? This was Talia.     
They were still too close to the packhouse. Too close to the patrols. He needed to keep running.     
Keith was familiar with the maps, and he was quite good at navigating, so he knew which way to go in order to reach deserted places. As long as he finds a cave, no one will find them.     
Talia's body was on fire, and she was becoming delirious.     
Images flashed in front of her eyes. Gregory, Keith, forest, Keith… what was going on?          
Her brain was not working properly, and it was uncomfortable.     
Talia started pulling on her dress, wanting to remove it and get a much-needed breather.     
Why was everything shaking? Through her haze, Talia realized that Keith was carrying her somewhere.     
She blinked while trying to focus, but the effect was the opposite.     
The world around her was moving and she was trying to steady herself and find relief, so she leaned on the firm body that was right there.     
It didn't smell completely right, but she was feverish, and her senses were muddled.     
"Damon…", she called weakly while hugging the muscular torso. "Damon... I don't feel so good."     
Keith didn't respond. He tightened his hold on Talia and ran as fast as he could.     
###Chapter 798: A way out
Chapter 798: A way out
Damon rubbed his face irritably. Varya was ing to anything that might put a scratch on Grady, and no matter what Caden and Maya said, they couldn't convince her.         
If Varya refuses to cooperate, this won't work.     
He promised Talia that he would take care of this, and he wanted to make it quick, but this Wilkow sister was testing his temper. The only thing stopping him from using his aura on Varya and Grady was that he knew Talia wouldn't approve.     
To make things worse, they already agreed on everything, but then Varya saw a rogue being carried out. The guy was beaten black and blue with cuts and blood oozing everywhere, and she panicked.     
"Listen, now…" Damon said impatiently. "Do you know why we are doing this?"     
"Why?" Varya asked.     
"Because if we don't, his old buddies will come for him and you. Do you know what it means to be captured by a rogue? You will be imprisoned and beaten until you have nothing left to say, and then they will beat you some more."     
Varya frowned. "How I see it, you are trying to do the same."     
Damon growled and stood up abruptly.     
"What are you doing? Where are you taking me?" Varya called anxiously when Damon grabbed her arm and dragged her down the hallway.     
Grady stood up to protest, but Caden and Maya blocked him.     
Damon took Varya one level down, and then he opened the door and pushed her inside.     
The room was chilly.     
Damon flicked the switch to turn on the lights, and Varya looked at twenty tables arranged in two rows.     
One table was empty, while others had irregular shapes covered in white cloth, and she didn't need an explanation to know that those were bodies.     
"Cat got your tongue? Why are you quiet now?" Damon asked icily. "Speak!"     
"Are these people from last night?"     
"Yes. These are people from the Blue River pack who died last night. Rogues came, attacked, and left this behind. These people had families. They were good soldiers." He approached one table on his right. "Not all of them were soldiers."     
Damon lifted the cloth to reveal a female. It was Marcy. Her face was covered in bruises and cuts that looked garish on her gray skin, and if he didn't know who that was, he wouldn't recognize her.     
"You see, Varya, this is what rogues do. They come, kill, and leave. Do you know why?"     
She shook her head.     
"There are theories that rogues want to belong to a pack. People forgot that previous generations gave them land and resources, yet rogues used what they got and then resumed attacking. Rogues resist hierarchy and are unable to sustain themselves. There is a reason why no one likes rogues, Varya. They are the cancer of our society, one that can't be cured, and we need to remove it. I know you grew up in Europe, but you should be familiar that there are people without a moral compass."     
"What do you expect me to do?"     
"I want you to understand that I am giving you and Grady a way out. Did you see how people were looking at you? I am the only one who is willing to accept you. If you don't cooperate, you will fall down to rogue status."     
"What's wrong with living among humans as loners? I lived like that so far, and Grady did the same."     
Damon couldn't believe this. Didn't they already agree that she and Grady will take a blood oath and join the Dark Howlers pack?         
"Do you think I will let you leave after what you've seen? Do you believe that people won't hunt your mate? The Blue River pack will want him because he came with the group that caused this." Damon gestured toward tables with corpses. "…and your sister won't be able to stop them. Or do you want to put Tatiana in a situation where she needs to pick between her people and her family?"     
Varya pressed her lips into a line, and Damon continued, "Rogues will want Grady because he knows too much about them and about this place. And they will want you because that's how they can control Grady. Wake up, Varya. Your only hope of surviving is to join my pack."     
"You talk like you are giving us a way out. But to me, it seems like another cage."     
"A cage? I guess that's one way to look at it." Damon shook his head. "I can assure you that the territory of my pack is much larger than a dungeon cell. I am not saying it's forever. Join my pack and follow my rules. You heard Talia; we won't mistreat you. Give it one year. Two, at most. After that, if you still want to leave, I won't stop you. How does that sound?"     
Varya looked at Damon warily. "But you want to harm Grady."     
"He is a werewolf. He will get a few punches to make it believable, and then they will drag him out while he fakes unconsciousness. Faking blood is not an option because others can smell replacement. Whatever injuries Grady earns, they will be gone within a few days. I would never harm members of my pack unless they acted against the pack."     
Varya heard all that already, but who will guarantee that Damon will protect them if they are not members of their pack? "I believe you. I would be more at ease if you let us join your pack first."     
Damon rejected the idea. "If we do it in that order, someone might notice Grady is not rogue. When you join my pack, your scent will change."     
Varya knew it made sense. And she also knew that Damon went out of his way to talk to her instead of forcing it on them. "I don't mean to be difficult. I am only concerned about my mate."     
Damon's expression softened. If anyone wanted to put a finger on Talia, Damon would rip him into pieces, and here they were talking about hitting Grady.     
"I will tell the guards not to go further than necessary. If you can't watch, you can wait outside. But prepare to cry and shout how you hate everyone, and you are returning to Europe. Kalina and Tatiana will comfort you and…"     
"I know, I know… I will make a scene. Everyone will hear Grady is dead, and I'm leaving, so people think I'm not in the area anymore because my mate is gone." Just saying that made tears swell in Varya's eyes.     
"That's good, but save it for later," Damon said while pointing at Varya's red eyes, and then he led the way back to the room where Grady was with Maya and Caden. They needed to pick a few guards who would interrogate Grady and make it look like they killed him.     
---     
This content was published on the NovelFire platform (w e b n o v e l. c o m). Read it from the original source to support the author.     
---     
Damon and Varya were walking down the hallway when Damon heard a voice in his head. 'Alpha, you need to come quickly.' It was Keith.     
Damon froze. 'What's going on?'     
Damon felt the air around him stiffening. Unstable emotions came through the mate bond, but why were they so weak?     
'KEITH!?'     
'Talia is in heat. I am taking her deeper into the forest.'     
Damon's mind exploded. What did Keith say? How could Talia be in heat? Doesn't that thing take time to catch up? There should be signs!     
It was happening! He will be a father!     
Damon's moment of excitement went as fast as it came.     
Everyone knew that when pheromones hit, unmated males are drawn like moths to a flame.         
Why was Keith taking Talia into the forest instead of where Damon was?! The wretched coach had a death wish! Would he dare lay a finger on Talia?!     
And why was Keith struggling to talk? Was he fighting against his urge to mate with Talia? Damn it!     
Damon was outside, running toward the area where Talia should be with her guards and anxiety swelled within him.     
'WHERE ARE YOU!?' Damon roared at Keith through the mind-link. Keith didn't respond, and rage overtook Damon's senses.     
'KEITH! If you touch her, I will rip your body into pieces and send them to Katya in small Ziplocks! DID YOU HEAR ME!?'     
Silence.     
Damon was unable to focus on forcing the mind-link while running.     
He cursed under his breath. 'Old guy! You better start sensing mate, or rivers of blood will flow.'     
Damon shifted into his wolf form and followed the pull of the bond.     
Faster.     
Faster!     
###Chapter 799: Racing against time
Chapter 799: Racing against time
'CADEN!'         
Caden was startled to hear Damon's angry voice through the mind-link. 'Yes?'     
'Talia is in heat.'     
Caden was confused. Wasn't Damon with Varya? Right at that moment, the door opened, and only Varya appeared.     
'What? Really? Where are you?'     
'I am running to get her. She is… with Keith.'     
Caden groaned. They all knew that Keith had an unhealthy infatuation with his Luna. 'Do you think he will…?'     
'Don't you dare say that!' Damon cut him off.     
'Sure, sure.' Caden quickly said. 'What can I do?' He assumed that there must be a reason why Damon was mind-linking him when he was in a rush to reach Talia.     
'I spoke with Varya, and she agreed to cooperate. Make sure she doesn't backtrack again. Talk to Caleb and see what happened exactly for Keith to end up alone with Talia.'     
'What about Talia? Can I help there?'     
'Tell Max I'm on the run and that patrols should stay out of my way. If anyone dares to stop me, I won't show mercy.'     
'Got it. Anything else?'     
'Ask Max if there is a place I can take Talia. It needs to have water and...'     
'Privacy.' Caden ended for Damon. 'I'm on it.' Caden turned to Maya. "You need to take over for a bit. Damon and Varya worked things out, so get the ball rolling."     
"Where are you going?" Maya asked when she saw that Caden was already opening the door to leave.     
"I need to find Max." Caden said, and added through their mind-link, 'Talia is in heat.'     
Maya's mouth formed an 'O' shape. That should be a good thing, but why was Caden not happy about it?     
…     
Talia was drifting in and out of her mental haze.     
The arousal was causing her body to cry for a release, and she clung to the muscular body by her side, but somehow… it didn't feel right.     
Was that Damon? Who else could it be? But the landscape his muscles created felt different.     
Her mind was so muddled that she was unable to reach out to him through the mind-link.     
She looked up to see Damon, but then his scent was off, making her wonder if that was really him or if she just wanted it to be him.     
Talia turned to the only person she could think of, and she focused mightily on the conversation.     
'Liseli? Liseli!'         
'What?' Liseli responded after some time.     
'Can you feel Sapa?'     
'No. Why would I feel him in this situation?'     
'What do you mean?'     
'We are not peepers. Unless you didn't notice your state, you are in heat. Sapa and I never look. And that reminds me that I should retract at the back of your mind also so that you can have your privacy. Enjoy!'     
'No! Wait!'     
'What now?' Liseli grumbled.     
'Can you confirm if that is Damon?'     
'Who else would it be?'     
'I don't know, Lis, but… somehow… it doesn't feel right.'     
'Of course, it will feel different. Heat is messing with your perception.'     
Talia suspected that something else was off. 'What about your perception?'     
Liseli giggled. 'Busted! You see… heat is impacting me more than you. So, my senses are not worth mentioning.'     
'But Lis… there must be a way to confirm if that is Damon.'     
'You are barely conscious. What do you think I can do?'     
'Can we do something together?'     
Liseli groaned. All this was mentally exhausting, and she would be already jumping on the male who was holding them, but Talia was in charge when they were in the human body, diminishing Liseli's control.     
Liseli's mind was a mess, and the only thing she could think of was… 'Your power.'     
'What about it?'     
'If you suspect that's not Damon, blast him.'     
'What will that achieve?'     
'You can't hurt your mate. If the man holding you is Damon, it will go right through him, and if it's not…'     
'I might kill him.'     
'Even in this state, I can confirm that he is carrying us somewhere. If that's not mate, he deserves to die. Or would you rather allow a man who is not Damon to touch you? Just as our senses are messed up, he is impacted by your heat, and he won't be able to resist unless he has a mate bond to protect him. I am fairly positive that he is unmated because I am absolutely positive that the thing pressing on your waist is not a banana.'     
Talia paused. She was unsure who that was, but other than Damon, two more faces popped into her mind. One was Gregory, the man who was talking to her before her heat, and the second one was Keith. The idea of being intimate with any of them was nauseating, but killing…? And what if that was Keith?         
…     
Damon was running through the foliage like the wind.     
If any patrol spotted him and wanted to stop him, he was out of sight by the time they realized that the black blur was a wolf.     
Caden reported that they found Caleb and other guards in a daze in the area where Talia should be.     
Caleb said there was an intruder, a Guardian; Talia and the Guardian spoke, and then Keith jumped the guy before taking Talia away. It was not much, but Caden informed Maddox and Tony, and they were all spread in search of that Guardian who left only some blood splatters behind.      
Damon left to Caden to deal with handling Gregory, and he focused on following after Keith and Talia.     
Damon was losing his mind at the thought of what might happen. Why was Keith not responding to Damon's summons? And Talia was unreachable also!     
With Talia in heat, she will be delirious. What if she is aroused to the point of not caring who will provide relief? What if Keith can't stop himself? What if Keith doesn't want to stop himself?     
Damon would rip Keith into pieces if he dared to do something unsightly to Talia, but what would be the point of killing him if the damage was already done?     
Oh, God! What if Talia ended up with Keith's child!?     
'Stop it!' Sapa growled at Damon. 'I can't focus on finding mate!'     
'Sorry.' Damon couldn't help it. 'If he dares to touch her…'     
'We will kill him together, and we will take our time while doing so,' Sapa said. 'But don't get riled up before you know what's happening. There is a reason why the Moon Goddess made you mates. I finally got Liseli, and I refuse to believe she was mine only so another wolf can touch her!'     
'But what if…?' Damon couldn't finish.     
'What if!?' Sapa snapped. 'What if that boy takes advantage of the situation? What if mate ends up carrying his pup? Will you discard her? Will you kill him? You are the one who put him as her head guard even though you knew he has feelings for YOUR mate. Even if she doesn't end up pregnant, the fact that another man touched her will create a rift between you. She won't be with him because he is not her mate, and she won't be with you because of the guilt. She will live with eternal shame and anguish, and maybe even sever the mate bond in order to let you free, and it will be all your fault! It's your duty to protect your mate! If anything happens to her, you have no right to blame anyone else!'     
Damon felt like someone poured a bucket of cold ice on him, one that was so icy that was preventing him from breathing.     
Sapa felt guilty for unloading his anger on Damon, but this was not the time for losing focus.     
'Boy!' Sapa shouted. 'Keep yourself together! Our mate needs us. You can freak out later.'     
Damon was startled when Sapa stopped suddenly.     
'What's going on?' Damon asked. He couldn't pick up anything. Actually, that was the problem.     
'I can't sense, mate.' Sapa said.     
Damon felt his world collapsing. What did that mean now?     
Sapa lifted his head and sniffed the air. Among the scents of the forest, there was a faint citrusy scent of freesia, and Sapa dashed in the direction where Talia's scent led.     
Damon's insides tightened. Sapa didn't say anything, but the scent of Talia's arousal was obvious. It was happening, Talia was in heat, and Damon was not by her side. Damn it!     
Damon was unsure when they reached the opening to a cave, and he was confident that Talia's scent was coming from there.         
'Wait!' Damon shouted at Sapa. He was not sure if he wanted to go in there. If he sees Talia and Keith entangled, it will kill him.     
'Did you come here to chicken out?' Sapa barked and walked into the cave.     
###Chapter 800: Talia's protective barrier
Chapter 800: Talia's protective barrier 
Keith stumbled into the cave with Talia in his arms. 
He was forcing his legs to keep moving while tightening his hold on Talia in order to prevent his hands from wandering and touching where it was not appropriate. 
But it was hard. 
The scent of Talia's arousal was ingrained into his system, stirring his wolf and urging him to do the unspeakable. Her body was on fire, and she was clinging to him, obviously wanting it, right? "Damon..." Talia breathed, snapping Keith out of his daze, even if it was just for a moment. 
He looked back to confirm how far they were from the entrance, but it was not far enough. If anyone got closer to the cave, they could pick up the sweet scent Talia's body released. It was like an open invitation, and Keith wanted to make sure it reached no one. 
Keith was anxious because he couldn't guarantee they were not followed. Right. Right. Someone might have followed them. In that case, he couldn't just give in. He needed to stay alert and protect Talia, his Luna. What if that Guardian comes back? What if he comes with reinforcements? 
Keith found a spot to put Talia down. She grabbed his arm as he pulled back, and her fingers dug into his flesh. Keith froze. After a moment of hesitation, he pushed the hair from her face. She was drenched in sweat, and her face was flushed, making her even more alluring 
"It will be OK. Hang in there," Keith said, and she moaned while rubbing her face against his palm. 
Damn it! 
He needed to get out of there. But how far should he go? Can he leave her side? To make things worse, his wolf was going crazy in the desire to claim the female who was lying on the ground, lost in arousal and pulling him closer, like he was the one who was supposed to help her. 
Was the whole Universe set on testing his willpower? er-The only thing preventing him from giving in was the thought that he didn't want Talia to hate him when it was over because it will be over, eventually, no matter what Keith did. 
He would live through harsh training and torture, but he couldn't survive if she hated him. Hurting her would be hurting himself and if she stopped smiling at him, he would wither away. Keith was confident that he should get a medal for enduring this much, but Alpha Damon will probably have Keith's head for failing to protect Talia and bringing her here. Damon, right! Keith wondered, did he mind-link Damon, or was he only thinking about it? What if Damon doesn't find them? What if...? 
Talia moaned again, and her hand moved over her abdomen, obviously going lower. 
Keith closed his eyes and pushed himself away from Talia. Even without looking at her, Keith could feel the heat radiating from Talia's body. She was on fire. Every heartbeat brought him a pulse of her addictive scent, and he swallowed hard. 
'SLAP!' 
Keith slapped himself harshly, but it didn't do much to snap him to his senses. He was now staring at Talia, whose dress was stuck to her body completely, leaving not a single curve hidden. She was beautiful. 
Keith got on all four and crawled closer to Talia. He hovered above her face. Her eyes were closed tightly, her cheeks red, and her lips slightly parted, silently calling him to claim them. "Ahh..." A shaky sigh escaped her lips, and his eyes snapped to see that Talia's hand was between her legs as she rubbed herself over the dress. 
The sight of Talia pleasuring herself only added flames to the already burning fire. 
Keith remembered that Katya told him how when the heat strikes, no amount of touching will help. Only when a male releases his seed inside the female in heat will she find relief. 
Talia needed a man, and Keith was one with so much pressure in his groin area that it was painful. 
Was there any point in resisting?  Surely, death would be acceptable if he experienced Talia moaning his name as he plowed her insides-0 Inch by inch, Keith's gaze moved higher until it reached Talia's face. He froze when he realized that her eyes were flickering in silvery light. What happened next caught him unprepared. A burst of silvery light exploded from Talia's body, propelling him backward with so much force that he got slammed against the wall of the cave, and he blacked out. 
"Ugh..." Keith groaned while regaining consciousness, and he was sure he had multiple fractures. The pain all over and the metallic taste in his mouth were proof he had internal injuries. 
What the hell happened? Some images flashed in his mind, reminding him why he was in that cave. 
Talia! 
He panickly looked in the direction where Talia was and relaxed when he saw her there. 
It was just the two of them in the cave. No one else came while he was knocked out. 
Silvery light didn't disappear. It gathered around Talia like a glowing bubble that pulsated as she breathed, making her look like a princess who was waiting for her prince to kiss the had things away. A fly was attracted to the light, and the moment it touched the silvery curtain, it exploded in smoke, confirming Keith's theory that the light was not only pretty but also acted like some form of defensive mechanism. Talia moaned softly, her legs rubbed against each other, and Keith cursed under his breath. Even with all this pain assaulting his body, he was still hard as hell and thinking about getting closer to Talia. A black wolf emerged from the entrance into the cave, and Keith stiffened. He recognized Damon, and he was not sure if he was happy or disappointed that Alpha had arrived. 0 Damon stalked toward Talia without acknowledging Keith's presence. The view of Talia was obscure, but Keith could see that Talia's skirt was pulled up, and her hand was rubbing her precious parts over her panties. Keith was sure that Damon will gauge his eyes out for seeing such a thing. Should he pretend to be unconscious? 
Damon's heart resumed beating at the sight of Talia lying on the damp ground inside the cave. Keith was nowhere near her, and her panties were in place, giving a huge dose of relief to Damon. Their future was not broken_ 
Talia's body was encased in silvery light, and everything smelled of her arousal. It was intoxicating. 
'Mate is suffering,' Sapa said. 'Only you can help her. I will leave you alone now.' With that, Sapa retracted at the back of Damon's mind. Damon shifted into his human form when he got close to the silvery light. He sniffed to confirm that Talia's scent was faint, and so was the pull of the bond. Damon guessed that it was because of that silvery light enveloping her. Talia was sweaty and frowning, obviously uncomfortable, and Damon wished for a power to make her distress disappear. Unfortunately, only one thing would help her now, and this was not the right place. Also, Damon was aware of their audience. 
###Chapter 801: Undeserving of praise
Chapter 801: Undeserving of praise
Damon's priority was to get Talia out of there. He reached to hold her.         
"Careful, Alpha…"     
Damon paused when he heard Keith's voice, and he whipped his head that way to see Keith in a sorry state.     
Damon was 99% confident that nothing happened between Talia and Keith, but Damon was irritated that Talia was releasing her sweet sounds for Keith to hear. And who knew what else she did for Keith to hear and see before Damon arrived?     
Damon's hostility swelled at the realization that Keith didn't wreck his own body. It was Talia's doing. Why would she do that if Keith didn't get handsy?     
"What did you do to her?" Damon growled.     
One wrong move from Keith, and Damon was ready to end whatever was left of Keith's life.     
"Nothing, Alpha," Keith said and quickly lowered his gaze. "There was a Guardian and…"     
"I know. Caleb told me." Damon snapped.     
Talia's pheromones affected their wolves, and as much as Keith fought against his urges because he was not Talia's mate, Damon was giving in to them because Talia was his.     
Keith was not sure if he should talk more, so he kept quiet. His hair stood on ends, and chills down his spine told him his life was in danger.     
Damon was visibly hostile. His mate was right there, vulnerable, in heat, and Keith was an unmated male. Even without their history, it was natural for Damon to see Keith as a threat.     
Only the ones challenging Damon for the right to mate with Talia would dare to be present. Unfortunately, Keith was not in a position to leave. His body was wrecked, and he was sure that his left leg and right arm were fractured.     
Damon suppressed his urge to kill, just enough so that he can talk without growling.     
"What happened after that? Why did you bring my mate here instead of to me?"     
"My only thought was to get her away from the crowd. I brought her here and… I kept her down… and then her magic exploded, throwing me against this wall. That's it." He didn't dare admit his lecherous thoughts, but he had a feeling Damon knew. "I mind-linked you to let you know about the situation. I knew I should respond to your summons, but I feared that if I broke my focus, my urges would take over. I held back, Alpha, and I didn't see anything."     
Damon snorted, and Keith swallowed hard.     
The silence stretched, and Keith felt that every second was like an eternity. He had to say something.     
"You shouldn't get too close, Alpha. That light is dangerous. It can attack again."     
Damon smirked, pleased that he had special access. It made him feel important. "It's dangerous only to the ones who are not her mate."     
Damon returned his attention to Talia and reached to hold her.     
His hands passed through the silver curtain like it was not there.     
"It's OK, kitten… I've got you. I'm here now…" He chanted into Talia's hair while gathering her against his chest carefully like she might break at the slightest pressure.     
Damon put Talia to sit on his lap and made sure to pull her skirt down because that wretched coach definitely got a good view of Talia's gorgeous legs.     
"Damon?" Talia called, and then she smiled a little.     
She was looking through him, but he was confident that she recognized him.         
"I knew you will come," she said, and her arms wrapped with urgency around his torso.     
Talia's fingers moved over Damon's back to confirm that was the right landscape, and only then she remembered why holding onto Keith didn't seem right. It was the lack of sparks of their bond.     
The sparks were there now, dancing on her skin wherever they touched, confirming that the man holding her was the right one.     
The silvery light enveloped them both, and then it sizzled away.     
"Sorry, it took me so long. I am here now. I will take care of everything."     
Talia's face contorted into a grimace, and she pressed her legs together. "I don't feel good. I…"     
"Bear with it for a bit more, kitten," Damon said as he walked toward the exit while carrying Talia princess style.     
He paused as he passed next to Keith.     
"I will send you Caden and…"     
"Don't worry about me, Alpha. I will take care of myself. You take care of our Luna. Be careful. I don't know if we were followed."     
Damon nodded in acknowledgment of Keith's words. "You did good, Keith."     
Keith lowered his head in shame. Would he get that praise if Damon knew what Keith was thinking just before Damon arrived? Would he get that praise if Damon knew how jealous Keith was because Talia had eyes only for one man, and that was not Keith? His Alpha was praising him, but Keith felt he didn't deserve it.     
When Keith looked up, Damon and Talia were not there anymore.     
Keith remembered the strange sensation around his neck while he was trapped by whatever the Guardian did. After that, Keith was able to move, and his body was energized like he got a boost. Well, that energy didn't last long.     
Keith reached for his neck and fished the necklace from under his shirt. With one swift tug, the chain broke, and Keith observed that the stone which formed the pendant was cracked.     
When Cassandra gave it to him, it was shiny like some whitish liquid was stored inside, yet now it had a dull white color. Whatever magic was in it, it was gone now.     
Keith stared at the dull stone dejectedly. Was this it? Was this why Cassandra gave him the necklace? So that he can protect Talia for Damon to have her?     
Keith threw the broken necklace to the side. It didn't matter. Talia was never his.     
Will he ever be able to forget the feeling of Talia in his arms, coiling around his body?     
Keith released a long breath and cursed his luck. His right arm was broken. How was he supposed to relieve this stiffness in his crotch area? Left hand it is…     
…     
Talia felt that she was being carried, and this was different compared to the previous time.     
How was it possible that she mistook that other person for Damon?     
Damon's hold was solid, and she knew he was running, yet she was so steady that those small lulls would calm her into sleep. Only Damon could hold her so firmly yet be so gentle. And the scent was right. Forest and dark chocolate, her favorites.     
However, there was no way she could sleep. Her body was on fire, and she squirmed in Damon's arms.         
"Damon," she called. "Where are you taking me? How much more?"     
Her breath splashed on his chest, reminding him of their current situation. If not for the possibility that someone might interrupt them, Damon would stop running and indulge in Talia right where they were.     
"Just a minute, kitten. We are almost there."     
Talia gripped his shoulders to pull herself higher, and her lips deliriously searched for her mark on his neck.     
"Fuck!" Damon cursed under his breath, and he flipped her so that she would come to his right side.     
"Be obedient, kitten, or I will carry you over my shoulder."     
Talia giggled weakly. "Will spanking be included?"     
His cock lurched painfully in response to her invitation. Was she set for him to die from arousal?     
"Whatever you want..." He groaned. "Can you stay still for a minute?" This was already a hell difficulty.     
###Chapter 802: Seeking solitude
Chapter 802: Seeking solitude
"Once we reach our destination, we will do whatever you want." Damon coaxed Talia while fighting against his own madness.         
She was hot and sexy, and her sweaty body stuck to his perfectly, like they were made for each other. Talia's cheeks were rosy, and her lips were slightly swollen how she was biting on them. Even if he looked away from her, it didn't help much because Talia's sweet citrusy scent of freesia was boosted by her pheromones, making him hard to the point of hurting. Everything about her was made to attract Damon, and now that she was in heat, she was a definition of lustful temptations. Can he hold back until they reach a safe place that would provide them privacy?     
Talia bit his shoulder. "You didn't tell me where you are taking me." The grass seemed just fine, and with Damon's strength, they could do it against a tree or rock; they didn't even need anything to lay on.     
"You will see," Damon responded.     
The truth was that he was not sure, but he didn't want to admit to it.     
Maddox told Damon (through Caden) how to reach the house that Maddox had prepared for him and Tatiana. The house was supposed to be used by Alpha and Luna of the Blue River pack to relax and celebrate after this three-day event. Unfortunately, Alpha Maddox and Luna Tatiana will spend the next few days visiting the injured and families of the ones who perished, while pretending in front of guests that things were fine. They won't have time to enjoy that house, so Maddox decided to let Damon use it.     
Talia squirmed in Damon's arms, and her hands would wander wherever she could reach, making his movements difficult.     
Her dress was in tatters already as she was tugging on it with force.     
Talia managed to spread her legs and cling onto Damon like a koala while grinding herself on his erection, feverishly trying to reduce the distance between them and find release.     
Damon was not sure what was worse between that friction and her sweet moans that sounded right next to his ear. He grabbed a fistful of her hair to prevent those naughty lips from latching onto her mark on his neck because if that happened, his legs would give in, and he would be at her mercy.     
This was not his territory, and he was unsure when the patrols would come. If he succumbs to the primal call here, there was a chance someone to see them, and then Damon would spill blood because no one can see Talia naked and live to tell about it. That was only for Damon to see.     
Damon was happy that he had found the place without wandering too much.     
He took note of the dense forest surrounding them.     
The two-story dwelling looked like a massive cottage, and big windows on the upper floor hinted at great views.     
The inside was modern, with clean lines, hardwood floors, and carpets. It was decorated with crystal figurines and chandeliers that added a touch of luxury. It even smelled expensive. That was not Maddox's style, so Damon guessed it must be Tatiana's doing.      
Damon stood at the door and observed the living room that featured a white stone fireplace and an extra-deep sofa. He took a mental note to try out that fluffy carpet with Talia, later.     
On the left was a hallway, and Damon got a peek of the kitchen. Caden said there should be enough food for days and the patrols will only circle the area to provide security while not intruding on the couple. It was perfect.     
Damon's attention fell on the stairs that led to the upper floor. He was looking for a bedroom.     
…     
"Here we are, kitten…"     
Talia heard Damon's deep voice close to her ear.     
"Ah!" She shrieked when an icy sensation assaulted her ass and back, snapping her out of her daze. "What are you doing!?"     
She looked around to see that she was in the bathroom, and Damon lowered her into a tub full of water.     
The water was not cold, but her body was on fire, so it felt icy.     
Damon was scrubbing her back with urgency, knowing that her mind might slip back into lustfulness at any second. This clarity caused by the water shock was only temporary.     
"You are all sweaty and dirty," he said. And she smelled of Keith.         
She couldn't believe this. "Do you really care if I'm dirty?"     
He didn't, but… "I want to make sure you know what you are doing. For that, I need you to focus. Is your head clear?"     
Talia vaguely understood what Damon was saying. Why was he giving her a bath and chattering when they were supposed to have hot sex? Did he change his mind about impregnating her? Didn't he want them to have a family?     
Or maybe her lustful haze made her misunderstand his intentions.     
"What?" Talia asked.     
Damon looked at her unfocused eyes. "Kitten. You are in heat. If we go through with this, and you regret it tomorrow…"     
"I won't," Talia said right away. "Didn't I tell you that when I go into heat, you can impregnate me?"     
Damon whimpered. She said it. Impregnate.     
"No matter how much you scrub me, you won't wash away my desire to be with you, Damon. I want us to have a family. Our family. Isn't that what you want?"     
"But what if…"     
'SPLASH!'     
Talia abruptly stood up, making the droplets fly everywhere. She wanted to stand straight, but her legs were wobbly, so she held onto the tub's edge.     
"Damon!" Talia exclaimed. "I want you to fuck me! Now!"     
Damon stared at Talia, whose eyes were flickering in silvery light, and he thought that her wet form crawling out of the tub was sexy as hell.     
He sensed that her arousal was taking over again, and this time Talia had no intention of staying passive.     
Damon walked backward toward the door as his lips lifted into a wicked smile. "You want this?" He gestured toward his erect cock. "Come and get it."  And then he dashed out of the bathroom.     
Talia's eyes flashed in outrage. "DAMON!"     
Her feet were unstable on the wet floor tiles, but she caught herself on her hands and ran after him on all four while following his laughter.     
'CRASH!'     
A tall ceramic vase broke when Damon took a sharp turn, bumping into the display table where the vase was standing.     
Talia was peeved that Damon was dodging her, but at the same time, her hunting instincts were at an all-time high. Damon was her prey, and as an Alpha, she couldn't let him escape.     
She saw him jumping over the sofa, and she used the spring cushions to propel herself after him.     
"Woah!" He exclaimed when her fingers grazed his bicep. She almost got him.     
Damon paused for a moment to see if she was alright when the sofa toppled, and he avoided her claw-like fingers by a fraction.     
Damon was fast, but Talia was not to be trifled with. He understood that if he didn't take this seriously, she would catch him too soon, and then she would tease him forever.         
The best thing to get the blood pumping before sex was a good chase. This was about instincts and the urge to catch and dominate, and Damon knew that Talia was an Alpha who needed to feel the rush of being the predator.     
If her heat came normally while they were at home, they would run through the forest of the Dark Howlers pack and end up in the cave behind the waterfall. That was their secret spot, in the middle of it all, yet perfect for activities no one should see or hear.     
Even here, if her heat didn't hit so suddenly, Damon and Talia would run until her pheromones started inviting others, at what point they would seek solitude.     
It was too late for that foreplay because her pheromones were going haywire already, but she missed so many firsts, and he wanted to give her at least a minute of normalcy so she could feel what it's like to be a werewolf.     
Talia's whole childhood was wrong, and Damon messed up their first meeting. He was determined to create happy memories of her first heat, something she would remember with a smile on her face.     
A chase in the house it is!     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 803: Mating ritual (1)
Chapter 803: Mating ritual (1)
Damon dashed out of the bedroom and jumped over the handrail to the main floor, right into the middle of the living room.         
Damon looked up and smirked while thinking that Talia will take the stairs.     
His smirk faltered when he saw Talia going after him without hesitation. What if she got hurt? He was unsure if he should continue running or catch her, but her fiery expression told him to run.      
Talia was delirious in her search for a release, in search of a man, and Damon's scent of the forest and dark chocolate was like a mating call she was waiting for. The only thing on her mind was to get her hands on the male in front of her and to get her fill of him.     
Damon was lucky that her ability didn't work on him because silvery light was lashing toward him like whips she could control with her mind.     
After Damon and Talia toppled two sofa chairs, broke a few vases and figurines, and tore a painting that hung on the wall, Damon dashed down the hallway, made a circle around the island in the kitchen, dodged two oranges and a kiwi that Talia threw at him, and then he sprinted upstairs with Talia hot on his trail.     
Talia ran into the bedroom, straight into a pair of strong arms.     
Her whole body tensed at the sensation of Damon's flesh against hers. They were both completely naked, and the sparks of their bond made her feel like she was about to blow.     
Talia hissed while gripping his shoulders with her eyes zeroed on her mark on his neck. She opened her mouth, ready to latch onto her mark and defeat him completely when…     
"Aaah!"     
Talia shrieked when Damon flipped her over his head and threw her on the bed.     
"Damn it, Damon! Why are you making me work for it!?"     
"I am worth it, and you know it," he said smugly.     
That, she knew.     
Damon stalked around the bed while his fiery gaze scanned her naked form and her eyes flashed in delight at the realization that the chase was over. It was his turn to come to her.     
Talia pushed herself backward until her head hit the headboard.     
She licked her lips, unsure where to look. It was hard to pick one between his intense eyes, confident smile, muscles that rippled as he moved, and that erection that waved at her.     
Damon was like a predator, circling his prey, and it was hot as hell, but Talia didn't feel like playing anymore. Her unfulfilled need to mate was becoming painful now.     
"No more games, Damon," her tone came with a hint of warning.     
Talia wanted to jump on him, but after all this chasing, she realized it would be in vain if he didn't let her catch him. Her movements were sloppy due to arousal, and even magic was useless.     
What to do? What to do?     
The handsome devil was hard to catch, so she needed to lure him in.     
Talia got an idea.     
She spread her legs, and her hand slid down her abdomen.     
Damon froze when he saw Talia's fingers gliding between her folds that were glistening from arousal.     
His kitten was bold and horny, and he loved it!         
Talia struggled to keep her eyes open. The sensation of her fingers rubbing her clit was great, but it was not enough.     
"Ahhh…" A shaky sigh escaped her lips when her middle finger slipped inside her. Still, not enough.     
"Don't tell me you are happy with watching," Talia rasped. "Your mate needs you, Damon."     
A deep growl formed in his chest. His mate was right there, calling him, and the scent of her arousal filled the room, telling him she was ready. And he was ready as well.     
Damon crawled on the bed until he was above Talia who was quick to wrap her arms and leg around him.     
"Got ya!" She exclaimed victoriously.     
"Mhm…" He hummed in agreement. "You got me." From the moment he laid his eyes on Talia, he was hers.     
Talia kissed him desperately while clinging to him. She wanted to pull him lower, but he was big and strong, so she ended up dangling below him.     
Damon lowered himself until her back sank into the mattress with him on top of her.     
"Mmm…" Talia moaned into the kiss when he started grinding on her. He was hot and hard, and she was wet and feverish to feel him, and he didn't make her wait long.     
Damon cupped her cheeks into his palms, and he stared into her unfocused eyes as he slid into her effortlessly. She was made for him.     
Talia's jaw fell open slack, and she whimpered when he started rocking into her. Finally, she was getting what she wanted.     
Damon kissed her shoulder, making an invisible trail toward his mark, and his fangs grazed her there before he started sucking.     
The sensation of Talia trembling under him was out of this world, and he enjoyed her every gasp and moan that matched the rhythm of his hips. She was like an instrument he could play, and her sweet sounds spurred him to move faster.     
They made love many times, but this was different. Her body was hotter and more inviting than ever before, perfectly coiling around his, the friction was just right, and her scent made him dizzy. It was like Talia became his personal aphrodisiac, and he wished that time would stop so that they could be frozen in this moment forever.      
Her breathing was ragged, and Damon was not surprised that her eyes were glowing in silvery light. She was an otherworldly vision. His.     
"Say that you are mine, kitten." He needed to hear it.     
"Yours. Only yours, Damon." Her hands reached lower on his back, and she dug her nails into his firm ass. "And you are mine."     
Damon growled and picked up the pace.     
He was almost there, the pressure was building up, and he was not sure if Talia's sweet pussy was sucking him in or if that was just his imagination because it was that good.     
Talia's body arched, and she cried to the heavens as he groaned while filling her insides with his hot seed.     
Damon gripped her hip and continued pumping into her until there was nothing left for him to give, and then he slowed down.     
His heart thundered against his chest. He did it. They did it. Did they? He was not sure.     
He observed her flushed face. He could feel that she had an orgasm, but somehow… she was not happy.     
"Are you OK?" He asked.         
Talia's eyes snapped open, and she frowned at him.     
Damon paused. Did he do something wrong? Was she regretting it?     
He wanted to ask what was going on, but she pushed on his right shoulder while pulling his left one down, and they rolled on the bed.     
Talia was now on top of him; the previous maneuver didn't cause him to pull out.     
She started rocking her hips. "Why did you stop, Damon? I need more. Much more than that."     
It took him a moment to realize that her displeasure was because she was still horny. Of course, she was in heat, meaning it might take hours until she was sated. Damon heard that some she-wolves in heat go at it until they collapse from exhaustion.     
His kitten was an Alpha, which came with extra stamina, and he was ready to test which one of them could last longer.     
This heat thing… he loved it!     
###Chapter 804: Mating ritual (2)
Chapter 804: Mating ritual (2)
Talia stirred out of her sleep and blinked at the unfamiliar surroundings.         
Everything smelled of the forest and dark chocolate, assuring her that Damon's presence was there, but he was not in sight.     
Talia was on the bed, alone. The cold bedsheets told her that he left some time ago.     
The bathroom door was open, and she could see it was empty. Where did he go?     
Talia lifted her head to see that the room was a mess with toppled furniture, broken ceramic, and glass.     
It took her a moment to remember that she was in heat. Damon brought her here, and after a chase, they ended up in bed. They were going at it for hours. Did she fall asleep? It looked like it.     
Other than slight aches in her back, she was fine. Actually, Talia felt fresh and energized. Her body was not sticky at all, and she assumed that Damon cleaned her up. It wouldn't be the first time.     
'Damon?' She called through their mind-link.     
'Downstairs,' a one-word response came, and Talia could hear that he was smiling.     
Talia's nostrils flared at the scent of bacon and her stomach grumbled. She forgot the sensation of hunger biting her insides.     
There were no clothes in sight, so she used a bedsheet as a wrap-around dress.     
The path toward the exit was like a minefield, and Talia tiptoed around the glass shards while making her way out of the room.     
In the hallway of the upper floor, Talia paused at the handrail while looking down to see a wrecked living room. Everything appeared to be new but broken. Talia had vague memories of running after naked Damon. Did they make that mess? Or did some bandits come while they were busy upstairs? Why was the chandelier crooked? It looked like it was going to fall at any moment.     
Talia peeked into the kitchen, and she was greeted by the sight of Damon's muscular back as he was busying himself at the stove. He was wearing only a pair of black shorts that fit snugly around his firm ass.     
Her man was cooking, and she had never seen anything sexier in her life.     
She took a sniff to distinguish scents of bacon and sausage, and there was some coffee as well. She could see a cup on Damon's right.     
Damon peered over his shoulder and smiled at her. "Take a seat, kitten. It will be done in a minute."     
Talia obediently sat on the barstool, and she put her hands on the kitchen island. The cold granite felt good under her palms.     
She had so many questions, but she decided to keep them for later.     
Talia propped her chin with her fist and enjoyed the handsome visual of Damon making food. It was so peaceful, and it felt like home.     
'TAK!'     
Talia jolted when four slices of perfectly toasted bread popped out of the toaster.     
She wanted to get them, but Damon extended his arm, indicating that he will do it, so she settled back on her chair.     
"Butter, jam, or both?" Damon asked while arranging toasted bread on the plate.     
"I will have whatever you are having."     
"Both it is."         
Talia stared at him as he applied spreads to the bread. Gods! Even the bread looked sexy in his hands.     
"Here you go, kitten," Damon said while putting one big plate on the kitchen island.     
There were fried eggs, bacon, sausages, and hash browns. Just the sight of that yumminess made saliva pool into her mouth, and her tummy rumbled loudly.     
It warmed her heart to know that Damon was cooking for her.     
"Why won't you let me help?" Talia grumbled when he swatted her hand away, preventing her from pouring juice into a glass.     
Damon waved his index finger at her, indicating that he won't allow it.     
"This is all part of the mating ritual."     
Talia's eyes widened. "Mating ritual?"     
Damon hummed and lifted her from the chair. He sat on it first, and then he put Talia to sit on his lap.     
His arms circles around Talia and he was cutting the sausage into bite-sized pieces while explaining, "When female goes into heat, the mated couple starts with a chase. Any unmated male who dares to come close is considered a challenger. Once that phase is over and the female is ready, the male takes her to a place where they can have privacy and he will take care of her every need and want until her heat is over… and forever."     
He poked a piece of sausage on a fork and held it in front of her mouth.     
"You need to eat, kitten. Allow me to take care of you. It is my duty and my honor."     
Talia opened her mouth to accept his offering. She was hungry.     
Her chin shivered as emotions overwhelmed her.     
Even after all this time, she was not used to others taking care of her. And this was more special than just normal feeding. It was part of a ritual. Their mating ritual, Talia's and Damon's.     
Talia was touched that Damon had all this on his mind, and he managed to do so much for her, yet she was oblivious. He proved again that he was thinking about her and putting her first.     
Damon filled Talia's mouth with food, and when her cheeks puffed making her resemble a chipmunk, she leaned on him and chewed happily. It was just the two of them, and her world was at peace.     
Damon put a piece of sausage into his mouth. "I'm sure you have many questions." He had questions for her also, like why the hell was she chatting with the Guardian without running away and calling for help? But he decided to leave those for later because it would definitely spoil the mood.     
Talia missed the flash of darkness in Damon's expression, as she was thinking about which questions to ask first.     
"Where are we? How long are we here? What happened to the Guardian and…" She was not sure if she wanted to know about this. "What about Keith?"     
Damon addressed one question at a time while feeding her, "We are in the Blue River pack territory. Max said we can use this place. We are here since yesterday." He smirked. "I tired you out and you fell asleep." He fell asleep also, but he didn't want to admit that towards the end he was reaching his limits. He was pleased that Talia collapsed first, otherwise, that would be a stain on his manly reputation.     
"The Guardian…" Damon's brows came together. "He escaped. Max and Tony got the scent of his blood and were looking for him, but they ended up with nothing. It's like the guy vanished into the thin air."     
Talia guessed that Gregory had a way to conceal his presence, and probably to disguise himself also. How else would he be able to get into the Blue River pack and approach Talia without being caught? And based on what Gregory said, it was obvious that Gregory was at the party when Maddox and Tatiana tied the knot. He was right there, in plain sight, yet no one noticed him.     
"What about Keith?" Talia reminded Damon.     
"He will live."         
Talia relaxed visibly. She wanted to know more details, but she could see that Damon didn't want to talk about it. As long as Keith was fine, she will talk to him later. Talia vaguely remembered Keith carrying her and her clinging onto him. Will she be able to look him in the eyes?     
###Chapter 805: Mating ritual (3)
Chapter 805: Mating ritual (3)
"What about Grady and Varya?" Talia asked Damon.         
"Maya and Caden confirmed that Grady's death was staged successfully. Today, Grady and Varya will move secretly to a safe house and wait until we return. They need us for the blood oath and to join the Dark Howlers pack."     
Talia remembered that Tatiana and Kalina demanded Grady and Varya to NOT mate until they become members of the Dark Howlers pack, and she could guess that the couple was suffering while waiting.     
"How long are we going to stay here?"     
"Until your heat passes."     
"I am fine now. It's gone."     
Damon smirked. "It comes in waves, kitten. Eat before the next one comes." He stuffed a forkful of food into her mouth. "You will need the energy."     
Talia felt her ears heating up. Was she blushing? How ridiculous. They already did so many things, why was this so embarrassing?     
She grabbed the glass of orange juice and started drinking while her eyes moved over the space. She could see through the door a view of the living room that looked like a tornado passed through.     
"Why is this place so messy? Did we do that?"     
"Mhm…" Damon confirmed with a hum.     
Talia's eyes widened as another wave of heat assaulted her face. This time, it was her cheeks getting rosy. "Didn't you say that this house is Max's? What will he say? Will Max be upset we wrecked his place?"     
Damon shrugged. "He is rich. Whatever we broke, he can get another one." Damon was about to say something else, but he froze at the sight of Talia who was tugging on the bedsheet that was wrapped around her body.     
"Uncomfortable?" Damon asked.     
Talia took a few gulps of orange juice before responding, "Why is this place so hot? Or are the sausages spicy?" She didn't feel the heat while eating, but now she felt like there was a furnace in her belly.     
"Eat faster, kitten," Damon said.     
Talia stared at him for a long second and then she realized, "It's the heat again, isn't it?"     
Damon's lips stretched into a smile. Yup, it was.     
"Don't fight it, kitten. It's just the two of us. Do whatever feels natural. I am at your disposal."     
Talia cleared her throat and was pressing her legs together while cursing her luck. She was still hungry, but she was more horny now. Damon was wearing only shorts, and she could feel his erection poking her bottom.     
Damon's nostrils flared as he picked up the scent of her arousal. Should it come this quickly? He was not sure. But the good thing was that it was just the two of them, privacy, and plenty of time for carnal pleasures.     
"I feel hot," Talia said.     
With a twist of Damon's finger, the wrap-around bedsheet dress came undone.     
Talia felt relief when the air splashed on her skin, but it did nothing to relieve the burning sensation that came from the inside.     
"Let me help you, kitten," Damon murmured close to her ear, and then his head dropped to kiss his mark on her neck.     
Talia released a shaky breath and her legs parted on their own, welcoming Damon's hand that ventured between her thighs.         
Damon's heart swelled.     
His kitten was sitting on his lap, completely naked, his fingers slid inside her wet heat, making him feel the addictive sparks all over his palm. Her face was a vision he wanted to engrave into his memory forever. Rosy cheeks, lips slightly open, unfocused gaze… she was lost in lust and he loved it.     
Talia's hips moved on their own to meet Damon's hand, and within a minute she was gasping for air as she fell apart in his hand.     
Damon lifted his hand and took a sniff of her juices, the sweet citrusy scent of freesia was amplified by her arousal.     
Talia blinked to see him lick his fingers clean.     
"Not enough?" Damon asked even though he knew the answer.     
Talia shook her head. No, it was not enough.     
Damon slid off the barstool and turned her to face the kitchen island.     
He pushed the plates and utensils away haphazardly; the knife and fork clattered on the floor tiles.     
Talia felt him holding onto her left knee, lifting her leg up while applying pressure on her back, pushing her to lean on the kitchen island.     
The cold granite felt icy against her bare breasts, her nipples hardened in an instant. A second later, it didn't feel so cold anymore.     
Damon lifted her left leg until it got on the kitchen island, and then he adjusted her hips so that her ass sticks out for a perfect angle.     
"Ahh…" Talia exhaled loudly when Damon entered her from behind.     
Her legs were spread widely, making her exposed and available for Damon to do what he pleases.     
The first few thrusts were slow and careful, and then Damon gripped her hips and started moving vigorously. Talia saw stars in the middle of the day, that assault on her insides was just what she wanted, but somehow… she wanted more. Faster, harder.     
'Spank me, Damon.' She spoke into their mind-link.     
'SLAP!'     
Talia moaned loudly as the pain radiated to amplify her pleasure.     
'Again! Harder!'     
Damon was more than happy to fulfill what his mate wanted.     
He grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled back. Talia's body arched as the tension increased, making her feel like a string on a bow.     
"Ah-mmhm-ah-ughdm-ahhh…" Unintelligible sounds left her lips, each louder than the previous one, and then she cried to the heavens as she exploded into a mind-shattering orgasm.     
Damon groaned while rocking into her in jerky movements, wondering if this load will contribute to that winning seed that will make their pup. He was excited and terrified at the possibility of that happening.     
Talia's mind was spinning, and she vaguely registered that plates with food were now broken on the floor; the mess of food and ceramic was everywhere. The sensation of Damon's arms around her and the way her body swayed told her he was carrying her upstairs.     
Damon placed Talia on the bed and kissed her deeply.         
"Do you want more?" He spoke against her lips.     
"Yes," she breathed.     
Damon grinned. "Feel free to take as much as you want, kitten. I am all yours."     
Talia's fingers dug into his back, and he couldn't react in time when she moved like a flash and her lips latched on her mark that was on his neck.     
Damon's whole body shook, and a throaty moan formed in his chest. By the time he realized what was going on, Damon was on his back with Talia straddling him.     
"Mine. Mine…" She chanted while raking his chest with her nails.     
The pink marks were a sign she was doing it with force, but Damon wouldn't mind even if she drew blood.      
Talia stared at him with unfocused eyes as she felt the stretch of him entering her. It was all amplified by the sparks of their bond, making it addictive, and they both craved for more.     
Damon caressed her body and let her set the pace.     
She was almost there when her movements became jerky, and Damon grabbed her hips and lifted her slightly, and then he started pounding himself into her from below.     
Talia threw her head backward and moaned loudly, and Damon loved the sight of her breasts bouncing.     
Damon enjoyed the sex, he really did. But what made it all better was Talia who was lost in lust, letting him see this vulnerable side of her. It was all so much more important because Damon knew that this sight, this right here, was only for him to see. No one ever got this access, and no one ever will. And that made him want to work harder to please her, so she won't have any regrets.     
Talia was taking in every inch he had to offer, and she moved in the rhythm he set, those small rotations of her hips increased their pleasure, and he couldn't believe how good it felt. She was fantastic. Perfect. For him.     
Talia growled as another orgasm trashed her insides, and Damon continued thrusting into her until she collapsed on top of him.     
Damon kissed her eyes and cheeks and waited for her to catch her breath, knowing that this was just a small break because his kitten was not sated yet. Two minutes later, they were back at it again, and he wished that this heat thing can last forever.     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 806: Alpha Natalia's identity (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 806: Alpha Natalia's identity (1) [Bonus chapter]
Declyn stood in front of a digital keypad. He pressed an eight-digit code, and the door clicked open.         
Declyn entered the dark apartment and frowned at the stale air. It seemed like no one had been there for years. Did he get into the wrong place?     
This was one of many apartments owned by the Guardians. They owned properties all over the world. It allowed them to move among humans without leaving a trail by staying in hotels.     
"You are late," A gravely voice was heard from the darkness.     
Declyn smirked when he recognized the voice. It was Gregory, and that meant he was in the right place.     
"It was not easy to find him," Declyn said and pulled the man to the front who was hiding behind him.     
A soft click was heard, and warm light illuminated the area.     
It was the living room of an apartment where furniture was covered in white bedsheets.     
The only non-covered piece of furniture was a sofa where Gregory was sitting. The brown floor lamp that illuminated the space was on his right.     
Declyn frowned at Gregory's mangled face.     
"Did you get hit by a truck?", Declyn asked.     
Every Guardian has an impressive physique. Their flesh is resistant to cold, heat, and other things that could cause injuries, such as cuts and bruises. Declyn's deformed face didn't belong to a Guardian unless he was hit by a truck. Or a tank. Did he try to stop an airplane with his head?     
Gregory didn't respond, and Declyn came up with his own theory. "Did Alpha Natalia do this to you?" He knew that Gregory left their Castle in pursuit of Alpha Natalia.     
Gregory narrowed his eyes at Declyn. "Do I need to teach you to keep your mouth shut?" By the time he finished, he was looking at the man next to Declyn.     
"Do you still have your healing, Stephan?" Gregory asked while gesturing toward his face. "Come here and fix this."     
Guardians have an impressive physique, but it comes at the cost of slow healing. A broken bone could take years to heal, which normally wouldn't be much for a Guardian with plenty of time available. However, Gregory was in a hurry.     
"Why are you hesitating?" Gregory snapped at the man.     
"I told you that I am not a Guardian anymore. I am just a man." He turned to Declyn. "You didn't tell me that the patient was this guy when you dragged me here. I had an important meeting, two of them."     
Gregory's temper flared at the blatant disrespect, and the air crackled around him, as if it was solidifying.     
"Decades away from the Castle made you forget who I am, Stephan," Gregory said in a dangerously low voice. "We can do this easy way or the hard way. It's up to you."     
Stephan knew that Gregory wouldn't dare to kill him. After all, he was the only Guardian who could heal others. Actually, his ability was not healing. It was the reversal of time. By focusing on a specific area and exerting energy, Stephan could restore it to its previous state.     
Stephan wouldn't die from some pressure and lack of air, but the pain and suffering were real. Now that he found out that Declyn brought him here to fix up Gregory, it was obvious that he couldn't leave until he accomplished that task.     
"OK," he squeezed through his teeth, and then he breathed with ease.     
He approached Gregory and cocked an eyebrow. "Do you want me to make you pretty while I'm at it?" He chuckled and extended his hands, palms hovering an inch away from Gregory's face.     
A warm sensation spread from Stephan's palms, and Gregory's nose straightened as swelling and bruises faded within seconds.     
Declyn moved to open a window. He was desperate for some fresh air.          
The whole process of fixing up Gregory lasted less than a minute.     
"Can I go now?" Stephan asked.     
Declyn nodded. "Next time when you move, let me know." It took extra effort to locate Stephan because he didn't leave a forwarding address at his previous place.     
Stephan snorted. "Next time I move, I will be more careful not to leave traces behind. This stunt of yours cost me two clients."     
Declyn rolled his eyes and pulled a platinum-colored card from his pocket. "There is a hundred thousand on this. That should lessen the blow of losing clients."     
Stephan snatched the card. "It's a start."     
He moved toward the door, and when he touched the doorknob, he heard Gregory saying, "Until next time, Stephan."     
"Let's hope there is no next time," Stephan retorted, and the apartment door closed with a bang behind him.     
Declyn walked closer to Gregory and observed his face.     
"Stephan did a good job. You look younger." He rubbed his chin. "I regret not asking him to make me younger also."     
Gregory was not in the mood for jokes. Age and external appearance didn't mean anything to them. "Did you get the information I asked for?"     
"I did," Declyn said. "But first, I want to hear what you found out."     
Gregory frowned, and Declyn sat next to him on the sofa like he didn't notice.     
"It's only fair to exchange information. Don't you think so?" Declyn asked.     
Gregory gave up. He knew that bickering would only delay the progress, and he couldn't force Declyn and risk angering him. The number of active Guardians was too low already.     
"What do you want to know?"     
Declyn's face lit up. He was happy that he didn't need to drag this more than necessary.     
"Who did that to your face? Alpha Natalia?"     
Gregory shook his head. "It was her guard."     
"She has impressive guards."     
"It's not the guards," Gregory grumbled. "He had something. An ability or a spell. Or an item."     
"What makes you think so?"     
"I checked them all. He was just an average werewolf. I restricted his movements without any issues, but after some time, he broke out of it, and his punches felt like he was wielding a sledgehammer. Also, my ability didn't work on him anymore. I'm sure he had some protection."     
Declyn didn't feel like guessing what it was. "We can look into him further. It shouldn't be difficult to figure out his identity once we look at the guestlist. What else did you find out?"     
A smile slowly bloomed on Gregory's face as he was preparing to announce, "Alpha Natalia… she is one of us."         
"One of us? Are you sure?"      
"I did the heat-inducing ritual. It worked. She has the blood of a Guardian, and she is capable of bearing children. You should see her, Declyn. It took only a few seconds to work."     
Declyn felt that something was missing. He knew about Gregory's obsession with preserving their kind. "If she is one of us and can bear children, how come you didn't bring her with you?"     
Gregory rubbed his face with force. "I was about to, but then that guard jumped on me. I didn't expect it, and… she slipped through my fingers."     
"Now she knows your face, and you can't get close to her. Do you want me to keep an eye on her?"     
Gregory released a frustrated breath. He really messed up. And there was another problem. "She has a mate."     
At the lack of reaction from Declyn, Gregory asked, "You knew about it?"     
Declyn nodded. "That's what you wanted me to find out, right? My investigation confirmed that Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack and Luna of the Dark Howlers pack are the same person. And there is more..."     
###Chapter 807: Alpha Natalia's identity (2)
Chapter 807: Alpha Natalia's identity (2)
"You have more?" Gregory asked, his eyes wide in expectation of what Declyn will say next. "What did you find out?"         
Declyn smiled mysteriously. "Let's address this one thing at a time. Alpha Damon being Natalia's mate will complicate things."     
Gregory pressed his lips into a line. "We can eliminate him, and that will fix our issue."     
"Do you think that will fix things?" Declyn asked mockingly. "Kill her mate, and we will turn her into our enemy."     
"She is just one female."     
"If she is just one female, you wouldn't be interested in her. Besides, she is the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack and the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. How I see it, she has two armies at her disposal. If anything happens to Alpha Damon, she can take over his pack as an Alpha. We already established that she is powerful enough to confront all other Alphas, at the same time."     
Gregory's attitude deflated. "Continue."     
###Chapter 808: A break from everything
Chapter 808: A break from everything
"Damon… Damon… Damon…"         
Talia chanted breathily as Damon rocked his hips, filling her up just right as he pushed her closer to another orgasm.     
"Oh, God!"     
She exclaimed when he changed the angle, and he grinned victoriously.     
"That's it, kitten. Come for me."     
He groaned when her insides coiled around his cock, providing that extra push for them to come together.     
No matter how much control he had, their mate bond allowed him to feel Talia's emotions, and when her orgasm washed over him, he would tip over the edge with her.     
After a few last shaky thrusts, Damon plopped on the bed next to Talia.     
Damn! It was five days how they were going at it, and his cock felt raw. Did he sustain an injury? But more importantly, "How are you feeling, kitten?"     
Talia smiled goofily and curled by his side. "Better," she responded.     
Her heat was still ongoing, but every next wave was a fraction more manageable. Now she would feel the arousal, but not to the point of losing her mind. It was just that: horny. Damon could sense that her pheromones were stabilizing. Other males will probably not be muddle-headed if they get close to her.     
Talia loved that Damon wrapped his arms around her, and they laid like that in silence.     
Her breathing became even, and she looked up at him. "Do you think we should go back?"     
Damon frowned in obvious disapproval. "We should stay here longer. At least another day." Or a week.     
Talia glanced around. "I'm not sure if this place can support us anymore."     
The room was a complete mess. Sofas and chairs were toppled, most of the accessories were either broken or torn, one of the windows was not closing properly, and glass shards covered the floor.      
Damon and Talia were lying awkwardly, with their feet significantly lower than their heads because the bed was broken.     
The rest of the cabin was not much better. What was modern and sophisticated with a touch of luxury, it was now all wrecked, like a band of hooligans had invaded it.     
Damon ignored Talia's comment which pointed out the fact that they destroyed the place. From Damon's perspective, it was worth it.     
He didn't mind the mess, and the bed (even though it was broken) was more comfortable than the simple one they had in their cave behind the waterfall. Now that he realized how much activity is included with heat, Damon decided to get a comfy mattress in there. For the next time.     
Damon tightened his hold on Talia and buried his face into her neck.     
"I could stay like this forever," he spoke against her skin.     
A warm smile spread on her face. She would love to stay like that with him also, but… "Aren't you worried about our packs?"     
"If there is anything urgent, Maya and Caden will contact me. Axel, Meg, or Kai didn't contact you, which means things are fine on that side also."     
Talia knew he was right, but there was also the point of… "Some people are waiting for us."     
"Let them wait, kitten. You don't go into heat every day. This is our time. You and me. Or do you hate it here? Are you bored of me already?"         
"No, no," Talia said quickly.      
She remembered that Lulu had died. Did Maya and Caden already talk to Lulu's father? Lulu was Talia's guard, and she died while protecting Talia. It was Talia's responsibility to escort Lulu back and talk to Lulu's father, yet she didn't do it because she was having sex.     
Another troubling issue was that Gregory knew Damon was her mate, and the Guardian didn't seem happy about it. Did Talia add Guardians to the long list of Damon's enemies? He already had so many things to deal with, and instead of helping, Talia made it worse.     
And then there was the issue of Keith carrying Talia while she was in heat. Damon told her nothing happened, but Talia remembered being grabby with Keith and then using her ability on him. Damon said that Keith will live, but even if Keith was unscathed, Talia needed to find the courage to face him after showing him her lewd side. How embarrassing.     
What happened to Grady, Varya, Cornelia, and James? Did Mindy's heat start? And what about Stephanie and Lisa?     
Talia had no idea what was going on with the Midnight Guardians pack, and Damon didn't tell her about the Dark Howlers pack either. The Blue River pack was a mess after the rogue attack, yet Talia and Damon acted like everything was fine in the world.     
Damon's brows came together when he felt that Talia's mood dropped. "What is it, kitten?"     
"There are so many problems out there. It feels wrong to stay here and just be happy."     
Damon's heart cracked. "There is nothing wrong with being happy, kitten. There is a whole shitstorm out there, with or without us. But we need this break. I need this break. Every moment with you reminds me that there is beauty in this world and that I was not born to only fight and solve other people's problems. I want to be selfish and do things for myself. I choose to be with you and not think about anything else. I need to make sure YOU are happy. Do you understand how important this is?"     
Talia needed a moment to process his words. Damon was talking quickly and choppily, but she could feel that under all that talk about how they should be selfish and postpone dealing with problems, there was a layer of guilt.     
Now she felt bad. How could she forget Damon spent the last decade alone, taking care of his pack? He felt the weight of everything that was happening, yet he chose to focus on her because she was in heat. Damon shut down Guardians, rogues, power-hungry Alpha, other realms, and everything else that would disturb their moments as they were wrecking this cabin and indulging in each other, and… it was wonderful.     
"I'm sorry, Damon," Talia said. "I'm not saying we should leave now, but how about we think about it? We are both enjoying, but we also have responsibilities." Seeing that Damon didn't respond, Talia added. "We could leave tomorrow."     
Damon eyed her suspiciously. "Let's talk about it tomorrow."     
Talia agreed. "Tomorrow it is. I hope you know I am happy. You make me happy."     
Damon released a long breath, and his expression softened. "I am glad to hear that, kitten. I don't want you to feel guilty for taking a break. I won't deny there are problems out there, but if we wait for things to be perfect until we can relax and enjoy, we will be waiting forever."     
Talia smiled at him dreamily. "You are a wise man, Damon Blake."     
"Keep praising me, and I will think you are doing it with a hidden agenda."     
"Oh, but I have a hidden agenda."     
"You do?"     
"Mhm," Talia hummed in confirmation. "I want to seduce you and make you mine."     
Damon chuckled. "You already did that. I am yours and yours only. But keep seducing me. I like it."     
Her hand slipped down his abs and her fingers wrapped around his cock.     
Talia didn't miss a small frown on his handsome face upon contact.     
"Is something wrong?" She guessed.     
Damon was embarrassed to say that it was tender.          
His healing was top-notch. If he could get a small break, he would be like new in no time. But how can he get that break inconspicuously?     
"How about I make us something to eat?"     
It was unlike Damon to postpone carnal pleasures, so Talia connected the dots. "Did I overuse your womb raider?"     
Damon's eyebrows shot up. "What?" Did she just call his cock a womb raider? He liked it. He will raid her womb anytime… as long as she gives him a little break to recuperate.     
Talia wiggled her eyebrows at him. "No need to be shy about it. Just tell me if it's sore. I can help."     
"What can you do?"     
Talia slowly slid lower down his body, and she smiled slyly while talking, "Did you forget that my saliva has analeptic properties? You taught me that." She stifled a giggle. "Let me administer medical treatment. You will love it."     
Talia's eyes fell on his half-erect cock, and she licked her lips before wrapping them around his shaft.     
She hummed in satisfaction when she felt him growing in her mouth.     
Damon closed his eyes and exhaled loudly when her head started bobbing, and her tongue performed some magic that came with the sparks of their bond.     
He was not sure if the warm sensation came because of her sucking him off or if she used her ability to heal him, but he was not sore anymore, and he loved it. More sex it is!     
###Chapter 809: The heat is over (1)
Chapter 809: The heat is over (1)
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~         
Damon parked the car in front of the packhouse and looked at Talia.     
"What's wrong, kitten?"     
He could feel her anxiety.     
"It's nothing."     
"Tell me." He urged her to speak up.     
"I am nervous about going there."     
Damon saw her pointing at the packhouse, and he didn't get it.     
"Why?"     
"Because… everyone knows I was in heat and that we had sex."     
Damon's lips twitched, and then he burst into hearty laughter.     
Talia normally enjoyed it when he laughed like that, but his timing was off. It was one thing if they did it in the privacy of their bedroom, but they were stuck in that cabin for a whole week while many things were waiting for them at home. Talia could only imagine Maya saying, 'Sorry, Alpha and Luna are unavailable at the moment because they are going at it.'     
How can Talia look people in the eyes after that?     
While on the topic of sex and pups, Talia asked Liseli not to disclose a possible pregnancy.     
If Liseli confirms that Talia is not pregnant, Talia will be disappointed, and if Liseli says that Talia IS pregnant, Talia will be super-stressed.     
Talia decided not to drink and to be careful, and to let nature take its course.     
Another thing making Talia uneasy was the wrecked dwelling they left behind. Luckily, Maddox was too busy to check on the cabin. Once he finds out that Damon and Talia broke everything that could be broken, he will be furious. Probably.     
"Are you done laughing?" Talia asked grumpily.     
"Oh, kitten…" Damon wiped tears from the corners of his eyes. Can she be any cuter?     
He lifted her hand and kissed her knuckled while speaking, "Do you think people don't know we are jumping each other's bones every time we get a chance? The only thing they don't know is that you are the one with a bigger appetite. But don't tell that to anyone because it will ruin my manly image."     
"Damon, I am serious."     
"So am I, kitten. So am I. Our people are happy that their Alpha and Luna are getting along well. The fact that we stayed in solitude for a full week is a good sign."     
"It is?"     
Damon nodded earnestly. "If we acted like it was not important, or if we returned after two days, people would think that we are like Alpha Edward and other guys who don't care about their mates. Like this, they know that I adore you and that we are committed to each other."     
Talia liked the part of people acknowledging that the bond between her and Damon is unshakeable. It made her feel better.     
Damon could see that she relaxed, and he was quick to exit the car and circle it so he could open the door for her.         
Talia looked at his extended hand and smiled. Every time they did that little ritual, she remembered how there was a time she thought that Damon was treating her well only when they were alone. And she didn't like returning to the packhouse because it meant that they needed to keep their distance from each other.     
Talia slammed herself into Damon and hugged him tightly.     
"I was so silly." She said while rubbing her cheeks on his chest.     
Damon chuckled. He had no idea what that was about, but she was adorable. "How I see this, you still are."     
Talia pouted, but she couldn't suppress the smile that reached her eyes. She was happy.     
Talia turned to look at the door of the packhouse, and she took a deep breath.     
That was her home, with Damon. She loved it, she really did, but returning also signified that their solitude was over, and they needed to deal with reality. The not-so-happy stuff.     
Damon and Talia walked into the packhouse when…     
"SURPRISE!"     
Talia sucked in a sharp breath, unsure if she should run, defend, or attack.     
It took her a moment to realize that the flying stuff was confetti, and there were balloons, and she could see familiar faces.     
Maya, Caden, Zina, Rose, Cornelia, Keith, Caleb, Amelia, Liam, Pierce, Daria, and Travis.     
"Welcome back!" Maya exclaimed while giving a big hug to Talia.     
"We missed you." This hug came from Zina.     
"What is this?" Talia asked while looking around, and then she saw Damon smiling at her. "You knew about this?"     
"How else would we know when to expect you?" Caden asked.     
"Come, come… I prepared a feast." Zina said. "I'm sure you are hungry after all that activity." Zina winked at Talia.     
Talia glared at Zina but couldn't say anything and not make it worse. And besides, she was hungry.     
Everyone congratulated them, and Talia tried to hide behind Damon. They said they were happy that Alpha and Luna were back, but Talia knew they were talking about her heat. Oh, God! They were congratulating her for having a week filled with sex!     
Damon thought how Talia looked like a shy bride.      
Eventually, they settled at the table in the dining room.     
Talia was grateful for the crowd that distracted her from the issue with Keith. She was unsure how to face him after their last encounter, but he moved naturally, and she guessed that any injuries were healed by now, and she hoped that he wouldn't mention her lewdness. They could just pretend it never happened. That would be for the best.     
Talia needed a moment to remember that Daria was now here as Pierce's mate. She was waiting for Damon and Talia to return so that she could join the Dark Howlers pack officially.     
Since Amelia became a member of the Dark Howlers pack, she needed Travis and Gideon to collaborate in order to secure some ingredients. That was how Travis found out about the existence of witches, and now they could talk in front of him freely.     
They exchanged some information over the meal.         
Travis said that Grady was in full strength, with his injuries healed completely. It was obvious that he knew about the rogue attack at the Blue River pack.     
Other than Daria, Grady and Varya also were waiting to join the Dark Howlers pack.     
Unfortunately, Gideon was in solitude with Mindy, who was in heat.     
"Varya and Grady are impatient," Caden said. "And I can't blame them. They promised to Kalina and Tatiana that they won't proceed with the mating before they join this pack, but with our Shaman being in solitude, they will need to wait longer."     
Varya and Grady cooperated, but now they were stuck in a house like prisoners, and they were not allowed to go beyond kissing.      
Talia thought of a solution. "We can get Cassandra here. Yasmin can send her in no time. Cassandra knows how to do these ceremonies. Or does she need to be a member of the Dark Howlers pack?"     
It was normal for the Shaman of the pack to do the ceremonies. But was it a requirement for the Shaman to belong to that pack? No one knew.     
"Why don't we make them join your pack?" Damon suggested.     
Talia blinked. "My pack?"     
Damon confirmed. "We were concerned about their safety, that rogues will want to get their hands on them because Grady knows too much. If they stay in the Midnight Guardians pack, no one can touch them. By now, they know about witches and abilities, so it's not like they will be exposed to any major secret by going there. What do you think?"     
Talia agreed. It made sense.     
There was also a point of them not completely trusting Grady and Varya. They were both loners without any loyalty. But if they were in the Midnight Guardians pack, even if they were planning a betrayal, their communication would be cut off.     
###Chapter 810: The heat is over (2)
Chapter 810: The heat is over (2)
Amelia was excited to hear they would be going to the Midnight Guardians pack, and she self-invited.         
"We can head there after the meal. I look forward to seeing Yasmin. I wonder if her belly started showing." Amelia turned to Cornelia. "How about you also come? We will be back on time for you to join James after dinner."     
Talia liked Amelia already. She was bubbly and loud, and somehow it made Talia miss Dawn.     
Talia asked Cornelia about Dawn and George. Cornelia said that Dawn was doing well. George was busy most of the day, but Dawn had Estelle and a few other Omegas to keep her company. Dawn would spend a lot of time in the kitchen, cooking and baking, and Cornelia was sure that George had gained some weight.     
"Do you think we can visit Dawn?" It was Zina who asked.     
At first, Dawn would come to the Dark Howlers pack during the day with Cornelia, but as Dawn was getting more comfortable in her new home, Dawn's visits thinned.     
###Chapter 811: The heat is over (3)
Chapter 810: The heat is over (2) 
Amelia was excited to hear they would be going to the Midnight Guardians pack, and she self-invited. "We can head there after the meal. I look forward to seeing Yasmin. I wonder if her belly started showing." Amelia turned to Camelia. "How about you also come? We will be back on time for you to join James after dinner." Talia liked Amelia already. She was bubbly and loud, and somehow it made — Locked Chapter — 1111 
BATCH UNLOCK CHAPTERS 
Chapter 811: The heat is over (3) 
Damon, Talia, Maya, and Caden were not sure what outcome regarding Stephanie they should hope for. If Stephanie was aware she was giving information to rogues, that would be treason. But if Stephanie didn't know that Lisa was mated to a rogue, she would be devastated that Lisa used her. 
Or maybe they were completely wrong, and the information leak didn't come from Stephanie at all, but from somewhere else. 0 However, everything pointed in that direction. Out of a few people who knew about Talia accompanying Damon to the Blue River pack, Zina didn't have contacts outside of the Dark Howlers pack, except for Dawn. There were Rose, Cornelia, Maya, Caden, and Travis, but none of them were close to Lisa, so it was normal to label Stephanie as a suspect.° In the Midnight Guardians pack, Axel, Yasmin, Meg, Kai, Tyler, and Sandy also knew, but the chances of them sharing that with rogues were close to nil. Not because they were more trustworthy, but because they were isolated in their realm, and only a few had the ability to communicate with the human realm. 
"Does Zina feel bad?" Talia asked Maya. Maya confirmed. While Talia and Damon were enjoying their solitude, Maya asked Zina and Rose if Stephanie had stopped by, and the two said she did. Every few days, Stephanie would come with Richard, who loved spending time in the packhouse garden. Stephanie used that time to catch up with the girls. Of course, they talked about anything and everything, Damon and Tana included. Zina didn't remember exactly saying that Talia went with Damon to Tatiana's Luna ceremony, but it wouldn't be unusual if she said it. Dawn and Zina worked under Stephanie for years, she was their superior, and they trusted her. How was Zina supposed to know that Lisa was mated to a rogue and that their friendly chatter would end up hurting others? "Zina feels horrible," Maya said. "I told her we are just investigating, and nothing is confirmed. However, Zina knows that if it's true, it means that Zina was indirectly responsible far the rogues' attack and Lulu's death." And it was not just Lulu. Many others perished, Marcy included. No one liked Marcy, but they didn't wish her to die. 
Talia's mood dropped. How can that be Zina's fault when it was obviously Talia's? Talia was the target, and Lulu died while protecting her. 0 "I will talk to Zina," Talia said. Maybe they could have a joint crying session to relieve some grief. Damon sensed that Talia's emotions were fluctuating, and he wanted to change the topic "Do we have information from the Red Moon pack?" Caden responded. "James is keeping an eye on Alpha Edward and Cornelia is providing daily updates. James also suspects that his father was working with rogues, but he has no proof. And while we are on the topic of Camelia..." Caden got a folder he had prepared previously and put it on the desk for Damon and Talia to see. "Her tracking spell on the Guardian you found in the Midnight Guardians pack is steady." Damon quickly opened the folder and saw a printed map with an X on it, and there were coordinates. 
"How long is he there?" Talia asked. "Cornelia and Amelia are checking it at least twice a day. He didn't move from there for about eight days." 0 "Do we know what's there?" Damon asked Caden. "Forest. There are no cities for miles." 
"How far is this from here?" Talia asked. She was unfamiliar with the maps and states. 
Caden was not sure, so he guessed. "About a thousand miles? Maybe more?" "That's at least two thousand miles." Maya chimed in. "You can't look at it like a straight line unless you can fly there directly." Damon saw that Talia was confused, so he explained, "It would take days to get there if you are driving, but considering they are Guardians, we can assume they have some faster ways to cross that distance." Like teleportation, or maybe they could fly. "Do you want us to send scouts?" Talia didn't think that was a good idea. "If that's their base, we will be walking into a trap." The guardian moved through the territory of the Blue River pack like it was his backyard. Who knows what they have set up there? "Do we have someone who can hack into military satellites to see what's going on?" Damon asked. 
Maya responded, "We can ask around." "I might know someone," Talia said mysteriously. She knew that Tyler was skilled with electronics. Since time passed differently in that realm, members of the Midnight Guardians pack had plenty of time to master various skills compared to those who stayed in the human realm. Many were unmated, so they spent time learning new things to keep busy.° 
Grady and Varya didn't understand what's the hype about the Midnight Guardians pack Grady grew up among humans and Varya in Europe. The importance of the mysterious pack didn't seem like a big deal because they thought every pack was different and the whole community-style living was novel. 
But they liked the news that their wait was over, and they were eager to do the formalities so they could indulge in mating. Grady and Varya didn't have many things to pack, so they met Talia and Damon in the living room for chatter while waiting far others to gather. Cornelia and Amelia were making sure that the teleportation diagram was big enough for everyone. 
Other than them, also going were Liam, Keith, Caleb, Pierce, and Daria. Liam was Amelia's mate, and Talia's guard, while Keith, Caleb, and Pierce went as Talia's guards. Daria was curious about this mysterious pack that her sister will join, and she wanted to ensure that Varya won't be mistreated. "Will you be alright leaving things in Europe?" Talia asked Varya. "This is not a vacation. It's forever." Varya looked at Grady and smiled. He was her forever. "I knew I won't have access to my assets for some time. I instructed Kalina and Tatiana to take care of important things." Money and assets were not much, but she had a few friends she wanted to notify that she fell in love and got married so that they don't worry and file a police report in search of her body. "Do the same conditions apply to joining your pack?" Varya asked Talia. "Conditions?" "Alpha Damon said that we need to stay in his pack for at most two years, and if we want to leave then, he will let us go." 
Talia was unaware of such a condition, but she didn't think it would be a problem. "Sure. When two years pass in this realm, I will ask you." With every hour here being a full day there, Talia calculated that Varya and Grady will spend there about sixty years. That's a lot of time to change their minds. 
"What do you mean by, in this realm?" Varya noticed that strange condition. Talia's eyes lit up. "You are observant. With the right training, you could become a high-ranking member." Talia turned to Damon. "What do you think?" 
"It's your pack, kitten. If you say she is worthy, then she is." Varya was not sure what Talia had on her mind, but being a high-ranking member sounded important. She liked that. 
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b no v el.c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.. 
###Chapter 812: Control vs loyalty
Chapter 812: Control vs loyalty
After hearing Talia so easily mention a high-ranking position to Varya, Damon had to say something.         
'High-ranking people should be the ones you can trust,' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head. 'No matter what their skills are, if you give them power, they could use it against you. The more skilled they are, the more dangerous they will become. It's a double-edged sword.'     
Talia looked at Damon sadly. 'Is there anyone I can trust other than you?'     
Damon pressed his lips into a line. How can he say that there are people she can trust when earlier that day, they discussed Stephanie as a potential traitor?     
Damon was distressed at the possibility of Stephanie working against the pack. If it ended up being true, Damon would suffer a huge blow. Stephanie was always by his side, encouraging him to keep going and filling the gap his parents left behind. She was his emotional support.     
If Stephanie was working with rogues, Damon wondered how far it went. Did she start because Lisa was mated to a rogue? Or did it start before? Did Stephanie have anything to do with his parent's death? Damon didn't want to think about it, but a small worm of doubt was already in his heart, and he was unsure if he would ever look at Stephanie as someone he could rely on.     
Talia could sense Damon's mood dropping. 'Don't worry, Damon. We have each other.'     
Damon wrapped his arms around Talia and hugged her tightly. 'I'm glad I have you, kitten.'     
'And I am glad I have you.'     
'Why are you talking like it's just the two of you? What about me!?' Liseli shouted in Talia's mind. 'You know I won't betray you because if you die, I'm a goner also. I just met Sapa, and I have no intention of parting from him.'     
Talia smiled. 'OK. OK. I get it. I have you and Damon.'     
'And Sapa. He won't betray you either because betraying you is betraying me. See? That's three people already. Don't be a sourpuss.'     
Talia giggled, and she had to share with Damon, 'Liseli reprimanded me that we forgot about her and Sapa. And she called me a sourpuss.'     
Damon looked at Talia. 'Sourpuss?'     
His lips twitched, and then they both laughed.     
Varya and Grady looked at Damon and Talia strangely. How Varya and Grady saw this, four of them were talking about the Midnight Guardians pack, and then Damon and Talia hugged, and now they were laughing. To call it strange would be an understatement.     
~ the Midnight Guardians pack ~     
Talia and Damon walked first into the living room, where they were greeted by Axel, Yasmin, Meg, Kai, Sandy, and Tyler.     
Axel was ecstatic to see that Talia came, and this time they brought more company.     
After new faces exchanged names and old acquaintances greeted each other, Yasmin moved to the sofa to chatter with Cornelia and Amelia.     
When they decided to bring Grady and Varya to the Midnight Guardians pack, Talia called Axel, asking him to alert Cassandra that she would need to conduct ceremonies, and she also asked him to prepare living quarters to be arranged for one mated couple (aka Grady and Varya).     
It was just over one hour heads-up for Talia, but that gave Axel a full day to prepare.     
Axel was curious about Grady and Varya, and Talia explained their unique situation.     
The more Axel heard, the more his brows came together. "A rogue?" Axel said while eyeing Grady.     
"They are good people, Axel," Talia assured him and continued through their pack mind-link. 'I trust they won't do anything reckless, but just in case, we blindfolded them during the trip. They don't know how to get here or how to leave. Have a few people to keep an eye on them, with a pretense that they are helping newcomers.'     
Axel agreed. 'It's always good to be cautious.' He continued with a normal voice, for everyone to hear, "I am not questioning your decision, Alpha. However," He turned to look at Grady and Varya. "You probably don't want to mention that you had any connections with rogues. Many of our people perished because of rogues, and there is a lot of bad blood. If anyone asks you from where you are, say that you are wanderers who ended up in the Dark Howlers pack, and that's where you met Alpha Talia."         
Grady and Varya both nodded in agreement. They heard that already. No matter with whom they interacted, rogues were treated like something dirty that should be avoided at any cost.     
"Alright," Talia said to break the tension. "Where is Cassandra? I'm sure that Grady and Varya are eager to go through with ceremonies and see their living quarters."     
Axel cleared his throat. Talia told him they were mates and still waiting to engage in activities. He remembered his first time with Yasmin in the Silver Flame Coven. It was magical, and for more than just Yasmin being a witch.     
"Of course. Just a moment…" Axel's eyes lost focus, and then he said, "The Oracle is ready in the garden. After the ceremonies, we prepared a small feast to celebrate."     
Grady and Varya were already on their feet.     
"I think they are not interested in food. Maybe we can have something delivered in front of their door." Talia said to Axel and then gestured toward the hallway that led to the garden. "That way."     
They all gathered on the terrace in the garden. Cassandra was there with Calla, Remi, and several other healers.     
Since Cassandra returned from the realm of witches, she didn't participate in ceremonies, leaving those tasks to Calla and Remi. Now that the Oracle herself was about to perform the ceremony, healers came to watch and learn.     
They decided to go with the blood oath first, and Damon handed a paper to Cassandra. "Use these words exactly." He had this prepared in advance. No mishaps will happen this time. He turned to Talia and spoke through their mind link, 'Don't you dare make an oath in return.'     
'I will just say thank you.' Talia responded.     
'You don't need to say anything,' Damon snapped. 'Just nod in acknowledgment of their oath.'     
'OK. I got it. It's starting…'     
Cassandra was chanting, and Talia could feel the energies gathering.     
'It's nostalgic,' Liseli spoke in Talia's mind, and Talia knew that Liseli was talking about the silvery threads that appeared all around Talia, shooting in different directions, connecting her with the members of the Midnight Guardians pack.     
There was even one thread that connected Cassandra and Talia, and Talia wondered if that was a sign of Cassandra's loyalty.     
'Maybe it's not about loyalty,' Liseli shared her thoughts.     
'What could it be?'     
'Control. Alphas have control over their pack members. You can feel their emotions and force mind-link. Your aura has a stronger effect on members of your pack.'     
Talia thought that it made sense. Talia and Cassandra shared many moments together, but considering their rough start, Talia didn't think it was likely that Cassandra was loyal to her. The Oracle was probably clinging to the possibility of Talia returning her ability.     
But if that's true, then… 'If these threads are about control, doesn't that mean that the Sphere of Power is measuring how many people I can control?'     
Liseli sneered, 'Aren't Guardians about power and controlling others?'     
Well, Talia had to agree with that one.     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 813: A special Alpha
Chapter 813: A special Alpha
Talia lost the capacity to think about the threads and what they meant.  As one ceremony ended, and the second one continued, she was high on the energies that were pouring into her. It was euphoric.         
Cassandra's chants stirred the powers of nature and Talia was a magnet to attract them all, effortlessly absorbing them as her own.     
Damon looked at Talia in awe. Her whole body was enshrouded with silvery light, making her look like a Goddess. His Goddess.      
"Is this normal?", Varya asked in a whisper while eyeing Talia nervously. She never saw anything like this. There was a sheen of light around Talia, and if this was night, Varya imagined that Talia would be like a lightbulb.     
"Your Alpha is special," Axel said with pride in his voice. "It is your luck to join this pack. Don't waste it."     
Varya and Grady both gasped when the pack link was formed, filling them with energies they never experienced before. The sensation was overwhelming, and Varya gripped Grady's arm because her insides trembled.     
Both Varya and Grady relaxed when Talia's soothing aura enveloped them. It was like a long-forgotten mother's embrace that will protect them from everything bad in the world.     
The couple looked at Talia to see her smiling at them.     
'Welcome to the Midnight Guardians pack,' Talia's voice sounded in Varya's and Grady's minds, startling them because they never had a mind-link before.     
'Please, take a minute to accept congratulations from everyone, and then you will be shown to your living quarters…'     
Daria was relieved to see this development. Kalina and Tatiana explained that if Varya and Grady don't join a pack, they will be in big trouble. Actually, Grady would be in trouble, but since Varya was sticking to him, she would be implicated as well. Daria also talked with Pierce about this, and he confirmed that the biggest problem was Grady's association with rogues. It didn't matter if he was with them for a day or for a decade; he was with them, participating in an attack, and that's enough for many to vent their grievances on him.     
Wilkow sisters wondered why would the Moon Goddess put Varya in such a tricky situation. However, thanks to Talia and Damon, the potential disaster was avoided, and now all five sisters had their mates and were happy.     
Sandy and Tyler took the initiative to escort Grady and Varya to their room. It was a one-bedroom suite, and neither Grady nor Varya noticed that it was underground. They didn't care. The only thing on their mind was that there were no more obstacles for them to complete mating.     
Grady's wolf was going crazy from the impulse to sink his fangs into Varya's neck, and Grady also wanted to sink another part of him inside her, repeatedly.     
Once they reached their destination, Sandy wanted to wish them all the best, but Grady closed the door in her face.     
"How rude…" Sandy grumbled.     
Tyler agreed, but… "Can you blame them? I heard that they recognized each other eight days ago. Eight days. Could you wait that long before getting a taste of me?"     
Sandy puffed her cheeks. "Well, when you put it that way…" She turned to the closed door. "You are forgiven."     
Tyler chuckled and hugged Sandy. "Come, Sasa. Food will be served soon. Now that Alpha is back, we should spend our time with her. Keep your anger toward Grady's rudeness for after they come out of seclusion." Tyler took a mental note to get back at Grady for disrespecting Sandy.      
Sandy smiled dreamily and leaned on Tyler, letting him lead the way. Every time he called her Sasa it warmed her heart. It started silly, because of her stutter, but now it was the best thing ever. Everything with Tyler was the best thing ever.     
Axel guessed that Varya and Grady won't be in the mood to celebrate, and Talia said not to go over the top with preparations, so they all had dinner in the cafeteria.     
Talia was happy to see all the faces looking at her expectantly and she ended up feeling guilty because she promised them to go out and find mates, yet how could she do that with Guardians lurking in the area?     
They found out from Vincent that the Guardians were aware of the portal, and the only reason why they didn't intrude openly was because they feared Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac might close the portal; their policies to keep everyone inside for safety were known even to the outsiders. However, now that Talia was in charge, no one could guess what the Guardians were thinking. Talia hoped that they will stay on the other side and leave this realm unspoiled.     
'What is troubling you, kitten?' Damon asked through their private mind-link.     
Talia thought for a moment before sharing her thoughts. 'Guardians are out there, waiting. I want to keep everyone safe. But doesn't that make me the same as Sophia and Isaac?'     
'Think about it this way… If you knew there was danger, and if you suspected that I'm out there, would you stay here for your safety, or would you take the risk and go out to find me? And another thing, that Guardian showing up here was proof that any safety in this realm is just an illusion.'         
Talia knew he was right. She agreed with him completely. But just letting people out didn't sound like a good idea either. 'Can you help me, Damon?'     
'Always, kitten. Just say the word, and I will make it happen.'     
His sincerity warmed her heart.     
'I want to start letting people out. Maybe if we are with them, the risk of it ending badly will reduce. Let's pick a group and bring them with us to the Dark Howlers pack. They are curious about the world on the other side of the portal, but they are mostly interested in finding mates. After some time there, we can take them to Cristian's and Max's territory. I need a set of guidelines for them, something that will help them see the dangers and stay safe while avoiding exposure.'     
'Sounds like you already have something on your mind,' Damon said. 'Let's take twenty people with us for the first batch. I will contact Maya and Caden, asking them to prepare accommodations. Also, you should tell Axel to be ready to welcome additional pack members when those twenty return with their mates.'     
'When?' Talia asked. 'You wanted to say, IF they return with mates.'     
Damon chuckled. 'Malia is a famous service for finding mates. As long as you are nearby, they will find mates.'     
Talia rolled her eyes, but she didn't want to argue. She knew that After Daria, Lidia, and Varya found their mates, Damon was an open supporter of the Malia service.     
'Tell Axel to come up with a list of people,' Damon said to Talia. 'There must be some criteria to decide who will go first. And also… don't forget that there is another realm with witches. Axel could take another group that way to see if they get lucky.'     
Talia liked that idea. She was confident that Damon always knew what to do. 'I will make a point that Axel and Yasmin should go with them, or Evanora might keep them as ingredients to make potions.'     
Damon chuckled.     
"Talia, can we have a word?" Yasmin called and gave eye signals toward the exit. It was obvious that she wanted to talk in private.     
"Sure," Talia responded. They could always talk later, but she guessed that it was important if Yasmin wanted them to leave the cafeteria early.     
---     
See pic of Varya and Grady in the comments     
###Chapter 814: Baby-growing powers?
Chapter 814: Baby-growing powers?
Talia followed Yasmin through winding passages while wondering what the witch was up to. Yasmin was secretive and she seemed nervous which made Talia nervous as well.         
Eventually, they emerged outside. It was a warm night without any wind, and only crickets disturbed the silence.     
Seeing that Yasmin hesitated, Talia decided to start the conversation. "I assume this is urgent." She turned to look in the direction from where they came. "Or you just don't want Axel to know about it."     
"I plead guilty," Yasmin said.     
"Guilty of what?"     
"I watched a drama with lawyers. That's what humans say when they admit to their crimes," Yasmin explained.     
Talia was alerted. "What crimes?"     
None yet, Yasmin thought. "I don't want Axel to know about this. Can you keep a secret?"     
"I can try," Talia said reluctantly. "If it's something that jeopardizes the pack or…"     
"No, no. This is about me."     
Talia paused. "Axel won't like it if I keep something about you from him. Can't he sense your emotions?"     
Yasmin rolled her eyes. "Whatever I feel, he says it's because of the pregnancy and it's normal. But it's not normal."     
"What is not normal?"     
Yasmin tightened her blouse to show her nearly flat belly. There was a small bulge in the lower region, but it could be easily mistaken for bloating.     
"This!" Yasmin exclaimed. "I am pregnant since forever and there is no progress."     
Talia realized what this was about. Considering that werewolf pregnancy lasts five months, Yasmin should be way into it, or maybe even with kids on her hands, yet she didn't look pregnant. Witches said that energies flow differently here and that even though time passes faster, the creatures are maturing at a speed comparable to the human realm.     
Talia tried to calculate how far along was Yasmin, but she didn't know much about pregnancies anyway so she gave up.     
"What do the healers say?" Talia asked.     
"They say that everything is normal and that I shouldn't worry. Talia, maybe for you was just a few weeks, but for me was months. MONTHS!" Yasmin's voice was rising. "I am not allowed to eat or drink half of the things I like and there is no end to it. At this rate, I will give birth to my babies in another hundred years, assuming they are growing."     
"Please, calm down. You might upset the babies."     
"Maybe I should upset them and remind them that they should develop, grow, and get out!"     
"OK. OK." Talia said while waving her hands. Telling Yasmin to calm down only caused her to be more upset. "I assume you are here because you think I can help."     
Yasmin put her palms on her belly. "They say that mother's intuition is the best guide when raising children." She looked at Talia expectantly. "My intuition is telling me you can help."     
"How?"     
"Hear me out first," Yasmin started cautiously. "You told me I'm pregnant, and if you didn't, I wouldn't know. After that, I went to numerous checkups and everyone said that things were fine, that timelines can't be predicted because I'm not human and I'm not a she-wolf either. No one of these people saw a witch and a werewolf have a child, and these are twins, so it's bound they will be special but… I don't feel them, Talia. I call for energies and they wash over me, but somehow, avoid my stomach, like my children are not compatible. But then, during the ceremony at the Coven, when you and Damon were in the fountain, I felt it… I felt the energies, and I felt my babies move. They grew. I thought it was a coincidence, or maybe you kick-started the process, but after that, there was nothing… until now."     
Talia looked at Yasmin and her brows were coming closer together as she understood where Yasmin was going with this. "Are you saying that you felt your babies growing during today's ceremony?"         
Yasmin nodded. "Towards the end, when you were glowing. I felt it. I called for energies, and they flew freely without avoiding my stomach. It's because of you. You have some power to connect the missing pieces and help my babies grow."     
Talia puffed her cheeks. It was difficult to believe she had baby-growing powers.     
'Does this make sense, Lis?' Talia asked her wolf.     
'I don't know. If we can predict heat and detect pregnancy, maybe we can grow babies also.'     
Talia didn't miss the sarcasm in Liseli's tone. 'You could have said you don't know.'     
'I said that first,' Liseli responded matter-of-factly.     
Talia decided to focus on Yasmin. "What do you expect me to do?"     
"Use your energies on me. Help me to establish the connection so that my babies can grow."     
"What if I harm you?"     
Yasmin shook her head. "That's not likely. It happened twice and…"     
"What if I harm your babies? Do you think I will be able to live with it? What will I tell Axel?"     
"He doesn't need to know."     
"But I will know!" Talia snapped. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to… it's just… a lot of things happened."     
Yasmin pressed her lips into a line. "I heard that your guard died while protecting you. I am sorry about it. But people live and die. It's the will of nature. We can't change that."     
"You speak about the will of nature, yet you want to do experiments on your unborn children."     
Yasmin looked down at her belly and smiled. "That's not how I see it."     
"How do you see it?"     
"When it happened the first time, at the fountain, I wanted to ask you to do it again, but I was reluctant to do so. As you said, I didn't want to risk endangering my babies. But many days passed, months, and my pregnancy was stagnant. Today, during the ceremony, I felt it again. I believe that this was nature reminding me of what should be done. The first time it might be a coincidence, but when it happens twice, it carries a different message."     
Yasmin looked at Talia pleadingly. "Please, Talia. Help me."     
Talia was not sure what to think about it. Channeling some energies wouldn't require much effort, but she was uncomfortable with sneaking around.     
"One condition," Talia said. "I want Axel to be present. He is the father, and both of you are parents. It's not fair that you do this behind his back."     
Yasmin bit her lower lip nervously. "If he agrees, will you do it?"     
"Yes."     
…     
Talia and Yasmin were returning to the cafeteria when two familiar voices reached them from the side hallway…         
"What do you mean you lost it?", the female asked.     
"I told you. It was broken and I threw it away," the male responded.     
"That was priceless! You don't throw it away!"     
"You gave it to me so easily, how was I supposed to know it was priceless?"     
"You are lying!"     
There were some grunting sounds like people struggling, and Talia rushed to see what was going on. Yasmin was right behind her.     
Talia took a turn and paused to see Keith and Cassandra wrestling. Keith was above Cassandra whose body was bent at an awkward angle as she was gripping his thigh and pulling it up to get him off balance.      
"What's going on here?" Talia asked.     
Keith and Cassandra froze. His arm was around her neck and her mouth was open like she was about to bite him. After a second of an awkward pause, they released each other and stepped away.     
"Well?" Talia asked. "Will you tell me what's going on?"     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 815: A broken necklace [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 815: A broken necklace [Bonus chapter]
"Will you tell me what's going on?" Talia asked Cassandra and Keith, who were both looking at their feet.         
"Nothing." Keith and Cassandra responded in unison.     
"That didn't look like nothing," Yasmin chimed in. "Lover's quarrel?"     
Keith and Cassandra grimaced like they had eaten something sour.     
Talia was not in the mood to play. She crossed her arms over her chest. "Which one of you will explain why are Oracle of my pack and the head of my guards fighting in the hallway like two ruffians?"     
Cassandra responded, "I gave him a necklace, and he threw it away."     
"You didn't say I need to return it." Keith barked back.     
Talia's eyebrows rose in slow motion. "I didn't realize that your relationship progressed to the point where you are exchanging jewelry."     
"Bwahahaha!" Yasmin burst into laughter.     
"It's not like that!" Keith said with urgency. Did Talia think he was wearing such things? "Cassandra gave me a necklace, saying that it would help me. That necklace could resist magic, but it broke, so I threw it away."     
"A necklace that can resist magic?" Talia asked, and she thought of a possibility, "Is that why you were able to fight with the Guardian?"     
Keith nodded.     
Talia turned to Cassandra. "How did you know that the Guardian would attack me?"     
"That's what I do. I am the Oracle of the Midnight Guardians pack. I had a vision of you being in danger and your guard rescuing you."     
"Tell me the details!" Talia demanded.     
"The vision was about a man with black hair using some ability to paralyze people. His intention was to get his hands on you, Alpha Talia. I saw him," Cassandra pointed at Keith, "Coming to your rescue. And he could break through the restriction because of the necklace I gave him."     
A million questions popped into Talia's mind. "What else did you see? Is that the only vision you had? Did you see something about our pack? How often do you have those?"     
"I have many visions, Alpha. Some are clearer than the others." Cassandra responded. "Most of the time, it's just bits and pieces that don't make sense until it actually happens."     
Talia was visibly disappointed to hear this. But maybe it was bits and pieces for Cassandra, while someone else could figure it out easily.     
Keith felt a need to say something. "When we were in the Silver Flame Coven, Cassandra told me she had a divine message from the Moon Goddess. She said that my fortune is tied to yours and that by protecting you, I am protecting myself. Since then, I was carrying that necklace with me."     
Cassandra also exposed Keith's attraction to Talia and told him his wolf knew that if anything happened to Talia, Keith would never be happy. Were those words also true? Keith was not sure, but he knew that thanks to the necklace, he saved Talia.     
Keith remembered one more thing, "The Oracle also said that her fate is tied to yours."     
Talia was still looking at Cassandra. Was that why Cassandra gave the necklace to Keith? Was she hoping to score points and Talia will return her ability?     
'What did you expect?' Liseli sneered in Talia's mind. 'The Oracle was always selfish.'     
Talia wished for that to be untrue. As an Oracle, Cassandra should think about benefits for the whole pack and not only for her own interests.     
The biggest issue Talia had was that she couldn't trust Cassandra, not after the Oracle tried harming Damon. Even if Cassandra came with a warning that the sky was falling, Talia wouldn't believe it until the world was flattened. It was ironic that the person giving prophecies had zero credibility.         
Talia could see Cassandra looking at her expectantly, probably wanting to make amends, but Talia doubted that it could ever happen.     
"The necklace you gave Keith, where did it come from?" Talia asked.     
"It's one of the relics we have in this pack. No one uses them, so… when we headed to the realm of witches, I thought it will be handy to have an anti-magic item, and I brought it with me." Unfortunately, it didn't work against potions.     
Talia thought that she had heard something interesting. "There are more of those relics?"     
Cassandra confirmed. "Would you like to see them?"     
"Yes." Talia was excited. Whatever that necklace was, it managed to repel Guardian's restrictions. Caleb told them that he couldn't move a muscle, yet Keith didn't only break free, but he jumped on Gregory and beat him up. Talia definitely wanted to check other relics.     
Talia reached to touch her chest, pressing on the necklace she was wearing under the blouse. Would Cassandra be able to recognize it as a magical item and make it work? What if she ruins it or…? Can Talia risk anything happening to that necklace? Talia was back to wondering how much she could trust Cassandra.     
'Kitten?' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head. 'Are you alright?'     
'Yes, yes,' Talia responded with haste, realizing that Damon could pick up her excitement. He probably thought she was in some kind of trouble.     
Talia remembered that she left Damon a while ago in the cafeteria, saying she would be back in a minute. How much time passed? Talia was not sure, but she knew it was much longer than she thought it would be.     
"How about you show me the relics tomorrow, after breakfast?" Talia asked Cassandra.     
Cassandra responded right away. "Anytime is fine."     
"Please forgive Keith for the necklace he lost. I will make it up to you."     
Cassandra's eyes lit up. "Of course, Alpha." Cassandra bowed at a ninety degrees angle. "I am available to show you relics anytime. As our Alpha, you don't need to ask for permission. I am at your service. If you excuse me…" And then she left.     
Talia eyed Keith suspiciously, and she waited for Cassandra to move out of the earshot before asking, "Did you really throw it away?"     
Keith avoided Talia's gaze.     
"Keith?"     
"I threw it away, but…" He hesitated. "Then I picked it up."     
Talia watched as Keith reached into the back pocket of his pants and pulled a necklace out of there.     
Talia couldn't' believe this. "Why did you hide it from Cassandra?"     
Keith puffed his cheeks. "Because it's not working anymore, and it's the thing that saved my life."     
"Saved your life? You mean… saved MY life." Talia corrected him. If Gregory got his hands on her while she was in heat… Talia didn't want to think about that, but she knew her life would be horrible.     
Keith raised his gaze and looked at Talia sadly. "My life. If I couldn't protect you, Alpha Damon would kill me." And even if Damon spared him, Keith would never forgive himself.     
"He is right, you know…" Yasmin said from the side. "Damon would kill him if anything happened to you. How I see it, Keith deserves to keep that necklace, regardless of if it's working. He put his life on the line for you, thanks to that necklace."     
"Thank you, Keith, for everything. I am lucky to have you watch my back," Talia said. And she really meant it. Other than Damon, no one else did so much for her without asking for anything in return. But she couldn't give him more than a thank you, no matter how unfair it was.         
Keith balled his hand into a fist to hold onto the necklace firmly, and he lowered his head. "It's my honor to be your guard, Alpha Talia."     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 816: Channeling energies (1)
Chapter 816: Channeling energies (1)
The next day…         
After breakfast, Talia wanted to seek Cassandra in order to see ancient relics, but Yasmin blocked her path.     
"I spoke with Axel. He agrees."     
Yasmin gave Talia a knowing look, and Talia understood this was about Talia channeling energies to Yasmin.     
Talia craned her neck to see Axel. "Are you sure?"     
He was not really excited about it, but he nodded. "If that's what Yasmin wants, we should do it. But start slowly and if anything seems amiss…"     
"I will stop," Talia ended instead of him.     
"What's this about?" Damon asked.     
Cornelia and Amelia also perked up their ears, eager to hear Talia's response.     
Talia felt guilty for not telling Damon right away, but she didn't think that Axel will agree to this stunt. Besides, they spent most of the evening talking about the safest approaches to bring members of the Midnight Guardians into the human realm, and then they made love, and Talia fell asleep.     
"While you tell him the details, I will inform healers to get ready," Axel said, and his eyes lost focus as he issued orders. He didn't want to take any risks.     
Talia told Damon what Yasmin wanted, and ended with a question, "What do you think?"     
Damon shrugged. He didn't have an opinion about it. "As long as it's not a strain on your body and they agree, I guess it's fine." Damon turned to Axel. "Why didn't you take Yasmin to the human city? They can do measurements and ultrasound and… stuff. Even my pack doctor can do a better job than your healers."     
Damon was not an expert in obstetrics, but he knew that human medicine was more precise than chants, potions, and hopes that the Moon Goddess will take care of everything. Travis studied with humans and did his internship there, so he would know a thing or two about what's going on inside a woman's belly when there is a baby inside.     
Normally, werewolves wouldn't go to a doctor for pregnancy. The pack doctor would confirm it, and that was it. With their fast healing, she-wolves would let the nature take its course, but Yasmin was not a she-wolf, and she needed frequent checkups.     
At Damon's complaint about how they didn't take Yasmin to a modern doctor, Axel lowered his head in embarrassment. It's not that Axel didn't think about it, but… "Healers said there was no reason to worry. One day passed after another, and here we are." And he was so busy with everything. Now he regretted not making time for Yasmin and their unborn babies. What kind of a mate and a father was he? Horrible.     
They all moved to one large room where healers were ready with incense that was already lit up. Cassandra was there as well.     
It was a circular room without a roof, allowing daylight to illuminate it. There were incense burners along the walls, one big altar, and four smaller ones to form a circle, leaving the middle of the room empty. Talia could imagine that healers would do ceremonies here under the moonlight.     
Cassandra was at one of the smaller altars, carefully arranging colorful crystals in a pattern only she understood.     
All eyes were on Talia and Yasmin who stood in the middle of the room, facing each other.     
Yasmin asked everyone to give them space, she didn't want anyone to disturb this procedure accidentally.     
Yasmin was thinking about this for ages, and she barely managed to convince Axel to give it a shot. She threatened him that she would go back to the Coven because the atmosphere in the Midnight Guardians pack was not suitable for babies. Axel panicked and said that he will do anything, and Yasmin asked that he lets her do what she feels it's right. He agreed.     
Axel was confident Yasmin would do something drastic and leave him. He had a duty to stay in the Midnight Guardians pack and take care of it, people depended on him, but Yasmin was a different story. She was not attached to the pack, as she still didn't form the pack link. In addition to that, Yasmin still spoke about the Silver Flame Coven as her home. Yasmin was a witch, and the soulmate bond affected her differently. If she left, Axel would be torn between following her and abandoning his people. It would be tough, and no matter what he chose, he would be on the losing end.     
When they spoke on the previous night, it sounded like Yasmin was giving him a choice, but Axel knew that was not the case. Yasmin was never so determined, and he was never so nervous.     
Axel prayed silently that Talia knew what she was doing. He didn't want anything bad to happen to his babies, and he definitely didn't want a scratch on Yasmin's body. He didn't dare voice his concerns, out of fear that he will fall apart and ruin this, and then Yasmin would leave.     
Amelia and Cornelia were standing closest to Yasmin, ready to chant protective spells if needed.         
Talia looked around. "Considering all security measures, maybe we shouldn't do this."     
Yasmin smirked at Talia. Did Talia think of wiggling out of it? "Considering all security measures, we should definitely do this. Come on. I'm ready."     
Yasmin waved at the healers who added more herbs into incense burners, and then they started chanting.     
Talia looked down to see a diagram appearing below their feet.     
"This helps gather energies," Yasmin explained. "It's not harmful. Healers do this daily to focus and sense the connection with nature."     
Talia had to acknowledge the freshness that surrounded her like someone infused more oxygen into the air.     
'Lis?' Talia called.     
'Calm your mind and think happy thoughts,' the ancient spirit instructed. 'This is not an attack nor defense. Follow your instincts. You want to grow the most delicate plant in the world. Slowly. Carefully. Gently.'     
Somehow… Talia knew what to do.     
"Give me your hands," Talia said to Yasmin.     
Yasmin extended her hands and Talia held them.     
"I will send you my energy. It will be up to you to channel it where needed," Talia said.     
Yasmin nodded enthusiastically and she stared at Talia as Talia's eyes started flickering in silvery light.     
Faint pulses of silvery light traveled across Talia's arms to meet Yasmin's hands where they disappeared.     
Yasmin gasped when she felt the energies that warmed her hands with a dose of chill. It was a strange sensation, yet familiar.     
Yasmin guided Talia's energy up her arms, and then into the rest of her body. Her lips lifted into a smile when her stomach absorbed that energy hungrily.     
Yasmin felt that her babies were happy as if they were being fed after a long period of starvation.     
"More…" Yasmin said in a whisper. "Give me more, Lia."     
Damon, Axel, Cassandra, and a number of healers watched the spectacle in front of them without breathing.     
Talia was enshrouded in silvery light that spilled on Yasmin. They looked like two ethereal creatures that held hands while smiling at each other. It was magical.     
The winds were picking up to rotate around Talia and Yasmin, and Damon frowned as this reminded him of the spectacle those two females caused when they were in the realm of witches, searching for clues about Yasmin's father. Were they about to summon another tornado?     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 817: Channeling energies (2)
Chapter 817: Channeling energies (2) 
The faster the winds around Talia and Yasmin whipped, the more Damon's anxiety rose as it reminded him of the phenomenon in the realm of witches when Talia and Yasmin hugged to summon a powerful tornado that glowed. Wasn't that related to a portal that was lost? Were they about to open another one? 
Once, it might be accidental or due to the location, but this was the second time, and it couldn't be a coincidence. It was like Talia and Yasmin resonated to awaken greater powers. Damon barely held back from rushing in there and snatching Talia away from Yasmin. What if something had happened? What a portal opens and swallows Talia? The thought of losing Talia was gripping his heart, and he wished for this spectacle to end right that instant. Cornelia and Amelia couldn't see each other clearly because of the dust that twirled with the wind around Talia and Yasmin. Cornelia and Amelia were unsure what to do. Should they start chanting for this to stop or to give it a boost? Both witches knew in the back of their minds that it would be useless to try stopping it. This was too sudden, powerful, and mysterious, and neither Talia nor Yasmin performed any spells. From where did all this energy come? 
Axel's anxiety matched Damon's. He felt helpless and unworthy. Axel was unsure if the phenomenon unfolding was because Yasmin was a witch, or because she had alpha pups in her belly, or if it was due to something else, but he was aware that Yasmin was special and out of his league. Axel was a strong male with an Alpha bloodline that made him appealing to many she-wolves, but that was not Yasmin. Yasmin was beautiful, kind, smart, and talented, and if not for the mate bond, an amazing female like Yasmin wouldn't spare him a glance. To make things worse, Axel was aware that Yasmin was doing this reckless act because of him If not for the babies, she wouldn't put herself in this unknown and potentially dangerous situation. What if something bad happened? It would be his fault! Axel was ignorantly talking about how wonderful it will be when they become parents, blind to Yasmin's desperation to get that pregnancy moving along. He was busy taking care of the pack matters, letting Yasmin stay with Meg and Sandy, telling her that she shouldn't tire herself. There were many days when they would meet only for meals, and sometimes, when he returned to their room at the end of the day, Yasmin was already sleeping. Axel silently vowed to do better. If Yasmin could come out of this unscathed, he will do better. 
Cassandra's eyes moved frantically over the crystals in front of her. They were sparkling now as if something within them lit up to create a light show. Those crystals were measuring strength and type of energies, and Cassandra was visibly excited, but no one paid attention to her frantic expression. 0 In the middle of the storm, Talia and Yasmin stood, both high on the energies that coursed through them. They were connected to each other and something new that always belonged to them. 
In the middle of that windy storm, ancient powers were awakened, tangible, whispering the truths that only their souls could understand. Talia was sure that she heard voices in the wind, they were saying something important, but then it all stopped suddenly, like someone unplugged the power cord. The wind stopped, and it all became eerily silent as the dust drifted toward the ground. 
Talia tried to remember the words she heard in the wind, but they faded quickly, like a dream she would forget after waking up. 
Talia and Yasmin stared at each other, both breathing heavily. 
"How was it?" Talia asked. 
Yasmin's lips stretched into a smile to the point of hurting. "My babies are happy." And she was happy as well. After such a long stagnation, she knew that things were progressing. "Thank you, Lia." 
Axel and Damon rushed to their mates. 
Axel was holding Yasmin, and Damon was pulling Talia into his embrace. "Let's not do this again," Damon spoke into Talia's hair. "No, no. We need to repeat this," Yasmin protested. She put her hands on her belly. "I felt them absorb the energies. They liked it." Yasmin looked at Axel. "They are growing. I'm sure healers will confirm that things are fine." 0 Damon's frown was deepening. He was not worried about Yasmin or her babies. He was worried about Talia! What did Yasmin mean by repeating this? How many times? Until Yasmin gives birth, or until they crack open a portal to a realm of monsters? 0 
"Are you saying you need Talia to feed your unborn children?" Damon grumbled at Yasmin. Yes! "No. Think of it like a boost. Battery charging" Yasmin hoped this was acceptable. "We will see how long this will last, but once the effect stops, we will need to do it again." "Let's talk about it later," Talia said. "Make sure your condition is stable, and we will take it from there." 
"How are you feeling?" Damon asked Talia. She gave him a reassuring smile. "I am fine, Damon. It's like I woke up from a pleasant dream" Damon's expression was not good. He hugged Talia with all his might, hoping that her closeness would dispel the unease that seeped deep into his bones. When Damon loosened his hold on Talia, her attention went to Cassandra, who was writing down something on a notepad. Everyone else was busy around Yasmin, while Cassandra was the odd one. 
Talia went to see what Cassandra was up to. "What are those?" Talia asked while eyeing colorful crystals that were laid on the altar. 
"Energy crystals," Cassandra responded without lifting her gaze from the paper. 
"What are you writing down?. "The order and intensity with which they lit up. Please, Alpha... Give me a moment to finish before I forget the patterns I observed." 
Talia waited for Cassandra to stop writing before asking, 'Well?" "Nature is full of energies. You can think of them as elements that create and influence everything around us," Cassandra started her explanation. "Knowing what energies are prominent in a specific area can help us determine the best place to grow crops, build houses, cast spells, and other everyday stuff. These crystals can identify the type of energies and measure strength." 
"You used them now?" 
Cassandra nodded. "When I heard that you will use your ability, I thought of seeing what these will show."0 
"And? What are they showing?" "I'm not completely sure. I will need to analyze the data. The reaction of the crystals was strong, showing that you can not only command the elements but their synergies as well." 
"Is that unusual?" 
Cassandra gestured toward the crystals. "I have twelve crystals here. While healers are performing spells, each can activate one, maybe two. I can activate three." It's down to two now since Talia removed Cassandra's ability to control the fire element. Cassandra swallowed that complaint back and continued talking. 0 "We collaborate in spells to activate up to seven. You activated all of them." Cassandra licked her lips nervously while looking at Talia. "If you would use your ability again, I can collect more data and_" 
"Absolutely not!" Damon growled from the side. "You are talking to your Alpha, not a research specimen" Cassandra quickly lowered her head. She didn't miss murderous intent seeping from Damon, and she couldn't blame him. Because of what she did, he nearly became a cripple.. 
Y Racism," Your comments and votes are making my day! 
###Chapter 818: Ancient relics (1)
Chapter 818: Ancient relics (1)
"I apologize, Alpha Damon. I didn't mean any disrespect." Cassandra said in a shaky voice. With every passing heartbeat, her body was chilled by the cold sweat.         
"It's OK," Talia responded, more to calm down Damon than for Cassandra. "I will think about it and let you know."     
The truth was that Talia was curious about her powers as well. The only problem was that she didn't trust the Oracle.     
"Can I?" Talia asked while pointing at the purple palm-sized crystal shaped like a crooked pyramid.     
Cassandra gestured for Talia to go ahead, and Talia took the crystal into her hand. Its smooth surface was cold to the touch.     
'What do you think, Liseli?' Talia asked.     
'It's a pretty rock.'     
'Can it measure magic? Or is it about something else?'     
'Are you worried if it can detect me?'     
'Yes.' Talia admitted while keeping the crystal back to the altar.     
The old wolf didn't have an answer to this question. Can there be a thing that detects spirits and determines their nature? Anything was possible.     
Talia would like to know more about her powers.     
At first, Talia thought her powers stemmed because she came from the Midnight Guardians pack, but Axel's exaggerated reactions whenever she did something he thought was impossible told her it was more than that. Every member of the Midnight Guardians pack had only one ability, which applied even to Alphas, yet Talia clearly had more.     
Axel and Damon said that things like sensing surroundings and precisely controlling the Alpha aura take years to master, yet she did it effortlessly.     
And then there was Liseli, an ancient spirit that was raised by the Moon Goddess and was shrouded by many mysteries, just as Talia was.     
However, no matter how curious Talia was, she didn't want to risk exposing Liseli. If people knew how special her wolf was, Talia would be in danger for much more than just being a female Alpha with magical powers.     
After confirming that everything with Yasmin was fine, Talia asked Cassandra to show her the relics.     
Axel, Yasmin, and Damon joined them as well.     
They entered the archives of the Midnight Guardians pack.     
The long and narrow room had tall shelves on each side, packed with books and rolls of parchment. Several tall ladders provided access to shelves that were at the top. There was no obvious categorization, but everything was neatly stacked, giving an impression it was organized.     
Talia wondered if Axel read all those books with his ability. That was highly possible.     
Cassandra led the way to a door that was in the back.     
The room was dark and dusty, with old books and parchments scattered everywhere, some on the shelves, but most on the floor to create piles of mess. Faint squeaky sounds made Talia wonder if they had mice or rats here.     
"How old are these?" Talia asked Axel.     
Axel shrugged. "I was here once as a kid, and then the door was closed." He looked at Cassandra suspiciously. "I was not aware that the Oracle can come in here."     
Cassandra turned to look at him. "This area is not off-limits. Anyone can come here. It's just that no one cared to see these old records." She continued talking to Talia. "I explored this place way before young Alpha Axel was born. Most of these are old ledgers about food, water, and other supplies, and there are notes people forgot to finish. Some list pack members and their occupations, but that information is now obsolete. You can think of this room as a place where we keep things we don't need anymore."         
"And ancient relics are here?" Talia asked in disbelief.     
Cassandra confirmed. "No matter what magical powers they possess, since no one can activate them, they are just trinkets."     
Talia thought how some things didn't add up. If no one can activate them, then… "How did you know that the necklace resists magic?"     
"There was a time when I thought I had answers to everything," Cassandra responded. "I was trying to figure out the nature of the relics, but nothing worked, so I left them here. About a few years ago, I had a vision that told me a necklace will be useful, and I found it here. Since then, I have carried it with me."     
Cassandra paused while sorting her thoughts before continuing, "Another vision told me that the necklace could resist magic, and I took it with me when we headed to the realm of witches, thinking it would protect me from… whatever they were doing. But then I had another vision; a vision which included your guard, and you know the rest."     
Talia was visibly disappointed. Part of her hoped that Cassandra would have universal answers, but that was not the case.     
And there was one more point that rubbed Talia the wrong way. "If you had a vision of a guy coming after me, why didn't you warn me?"     
Cassandra paused. "The vision was about your guard and the necklace. A man approached you with malicious intent, and I saw the woods. It was Keith's fate to rescue you."     
"Wouldn't it be simpler if you told me to stay away from the woods?"     
Cassandra looked at Talia like she had said something silly. "As an Oracle, I learned that some things shouldn't be said. I didn't know when or where it would happen. If I told you, would you stay away from the woods? Would you run away from anyone with dark hair?"     
Talia pressed her lips into a line. Unless she cooped up inside, she would go into the woods. Actually, she would either become paranoid or dismiss the Oracle's warning as the rambling of a crazy woman. But still, this was about Talia's safety. Shouldn't she know about it?     
Seeing Talia's stubborn expression, Cassandra shook her head. "My job is to do the minimum required in order to make it happen unless the vision tells me otherwise."     
"Do you always blindly follow what your visions show you?"     
"If it's not too troubling," Cassandra responded mysteriously, stopping at the end of the room. "Here we are."     
Talia looked down to see a wooden chest that reached her knees. The red paint flaked brown due to its age.     
"Disappointed?" Cassandra asked.     
Talia confirmed. "When you said ancient relics, I was expecting display cases and not… this."     
Cassandra chuckled. "This is not a museum, Alpha. Our kind doesn't care about material things, regardless of how old they are."     
Talia had to agree with this. Werewolves were simple. They cared about food, clothes, the roof over their heads, and… mates. Pack and family were important, and many pack members were unmated. Why would they care about magic necklaces and whatever else was in that chest if they didn't have their other half?     
Talia squatted and put her hand on the chest. Again, nothing. It was a plain, dusty chest.     
Damon, Axel, and Yasmin stood on the side, eagerly waiting to see what was inside.     
The rusty lock creaked when Talia flipped it, and then she opened the chest.     
With a glance, Talia could see that most of it were jewelry. Necklaces and various chains, brooches, and gemstones. It was like a box of trinkets that belonged to a female. Talia put her hand inside and moved them around. There was a belt and a palm-sized dagger whose white hilt was embellished with emeralds.     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.         
###Chapter 819: Ancient relics (2)
Chapter 819: Ancient relics (2)
"What makes them magical?" Axel asked Cassandra. No matter how he looked at those, they were ordinary.         
Cassandra reached into a box and took one diamond-shaped silver brooch. "If this is normal, it would be affected by abilities. However, all these things will absorb the energy directed at them, change its properties, or repel it. I'm not sure if that classifies them as magical, but they were tampered with magic. I experimented enough to know that whatever was done with these, it's beyond our knowledge."     
"And you didn't report this to Alphas?" Axel asked angrily while pointing at the chest.     
Cassandra raised her arms defensively. "They were right here. I assumed that one of the previous Alphas got these as a gift, or maybe one of our gifted pack members crafted them. And there was a possibility of them being failed experiments of imbuing items with abilities." She turned to Talia. "We don't care about gold, silver, and gems. Other than being shiny, they have no other purpose."     
Werewolves didn't wear jewelry because it would come off or break when they shifted. Things like these would be kept in some storage or used in the human realm in exchange for money and supplies. However, since these were special, they were not to be given away, so they stayed in a chest.     
"How many of these did you take?" Axel growled at Cassandra.     
"I am not a thief!" Cassandra hissed back.     
"That's what you say!"     
"Calm down, Axel," Talia said. She couldn't think with all the noise. "Can we get this chest in one of the labs? I would like to see how these items are tested."     
"Yes, Alpha," Cassandra said and bowed respectfully.     
Axel was irked. Why was Cassandra talking casually with him while bootlicking Talia? What was with that double standard? He was an important member of the pack also!     
"You should listen to Lia," Yasmin spoke softly to Axel.     
Axel didn't understand. "What?"     
"I know you are anxious since Talia channeled her energies into me, but I am fine. You need to relax and not vent on the Oracle. We all want to get to the bottom of this, and Cassandra is just trying to help." Shouting and pointing fingers were not helpful.     
…     
Cassandra stood behind a stone table that had magic symbols etched into it. In the middle of the table was a metallic cup with twelve colorful crystals arranged around it.     
Calla and Remi were on Cassandra's left and right, ready to assist when needed.     
Axel, Yasmin, Damon, and Talia were there, but Cassandra was focused on Talia.     
"Is that a magical item?" Talia asked while pointing at the cup.     
"No," Cassandra responded. "Before we use relics, I want to show you what normally happens so you can compare."     
Cassandra started chanting under her breath while drawing patterns with her fingers in the air.     
The crystals lit up, and then Calla and Remi joined with their chants.     
The rays of light shot from each crystal toward the cup like lasers. At the point of contact, the rays of light paused, and then some seeped into the metal, while others reflected randomly, with much less intensity, like they lost power.     
Damon moved to dodge one blue ray of light that went straight for him, and Calla said, "No need to avoid them. They are used for training and are harmless." To prove her point, Calla extended her hand, letting the purplish ray of light hit her palm.     
Damon felt silly. Why was he the only one who moved? But out of everyone present, only he was in the direct path of a ray of light. Did Cassandra do that on purpose?     
Talia hugged Damon's arm. "You have impressive reflexes."         
Damon's mood soared. Talia praised his reflexes, and he decided to go with it.     
Cassandra stopped chanting, and then she explained, "Depending on the item's property, the energies will either be absorbed or will be repelled after being weakened."     
She replaced the metallic cup with a golden bracelet she got from the chest.     
"Observe the difference," Cassandra said, and she started chanting again with Calla and Remi.     
The light from twelve crystals shot toward the bracelet, and when it reached about one inch from the bracelet, the light rays halted like they had reached an invisible barrier. Little by little, the light spilled like liquid to form a colorful sphere around the bracelet.     
Talia looked at everything with eyes open wide in wonder. She never saw anything like it.     
"Do all relics respond in the same way?" Yasmin asked.     
"No," Cassandra responded. "Some will absorb it, repel it, or change its properties."     
"Interesting…" Yasmin said, and she reached to get one oval-shaped brooch from the chest. "Do they react differently to abilities?"     
"Yes," Cassandra responded, hoping they won't ask her for a demonstration because her fire was gone.     
Yasmin held the brooch, and she turned her back to Cassandra. Her eyes widened in surprise as she stared at the brooch resting on her palm.     
"What is it?" Talia asked Yasmin in a whisper.     
"It should move."     
"It should?"     
Yasmin confirmed. "I can move things. I am trying to move this, but it won't." Yasmin's head snapped to look at Talia. "How about you try with your energies?"     
Talia reached into the chest and took one necklace. It had a pendant with several pearls arranged to form a flower; the pearls reminded Talia of the necklace hidden under her blouse.     
Did this one hold a secret message also? Could she activate it? Talia was reluctant to experiment on the necklace her mother left behind, but this was a different thing.     
Damon and Axel approached Talia to see what she was doing.     
Talia held the necklace in front of her and focused on her palm, which started glowing in silvery light.     
The necklace resisted Talia's energy for a second, and then it started absorbing it hungrily. Talia increased the output, which made the whole scene fantastic as the necklace started glowing like it had built-in lights.     
Talia's eyes were solid silver now, and her hair turned silver also. Every time she used her energies, it was easier; she was getting used to it. The power coursing through her was addictive.     
Talia was elated while looking at the necklace, thinking that it worked, but with every passing second, her brows came closer together. Other than glowing, nothing else happened.     
'Don't stop,' Liseli said.     
'What's going on?' Talia asked.     
'The item is reacting, but it needs more energy. Let me help.'         
'Wait!' Talia called. 'What will happen when we add more energy?'     
'There is only one way to find out. Are we doing this?'     
Talia exhaled helplessly. What were her options?     
'What if something goes wrong?' Talia asked.     
'Uhm… We can cast a protective shield to contain whatever wrong is about to happen.'     
This pacified Talia a bit. She didn't want to risk negative energies impacting Yasmin's babies.     
With a boost from Liseli, the bracelet started flickering from silvery to white, nearly blinding everyone looking that way.     
'Zzzz…'     
A low buzzing sound started emitting from the necklace, and Damon's eyes flashed when his instincts told him something was wrong.     
In one swift move, Damon snatched the necklace from Talia's hand and threw it in the far corner of the room.     
'BOOOOM!'     
###Chapter 820: Ancient relics (3)
Ancient relics (3)
'BOOOOM!'         
 A thunderous explosion shook the room, and Talia found herself in Damon's embrace. He shielded her with his body from the debris.     
The dust settled, and Talia blinked to see on the side Axel holding Yasmin protectively with his back facing the explosion, just as Damon was holding her. Cassandra, Calla, and Remi were hiding behind the stone table.     
Talia's eyes widened when she saw the area where the necklace exploded. Everything in that corner was blasted away, including the walls. There was a gap big enough for a person to pass into the adjacent lab. Three panicked heads were peeking through there to see what caused that explosion.     
"It's OK!" Cassandra exclaimed while waving at those three healers to leave. "Just an experiment went out of hand!"     
Talia silently thanked the Moon Goddess that no one else was in the lab. If this stunt ended up killing someone, she would blame herself forever.     
"Is everyone OK?" Talia asked.     
"We are fine," Yasmin responded for her and Axel.     
"Ugh," Remi groaned, and they all saw a gush of blood on her left thigh. She didn't avoid a beaker that flew her way and ended up with a nasty cut.     
Calla was quick to get there and apply pressure on Remi's wound.     
"We need healers!" Calla shouted from anxiety, and then she remembered that she was one. She placed her hands above Remi's wound and chanted magical words to promote healing.     
Talia wanted to go there, but Damon's hold on her was solid.     
'I can heal her,' Talia said through their mind-link.     
'It's not life-threatening,' Damon responded stiffly. 'Let the healers handle it.'     
A low growl formed in Damon's chest. "Let's NOT do that again." If he didn't react in time… he didn't want to think about it.     
Talia wanted to tell him it was fine. She also heard the buzzing sound and was thinking if a shield was needed, but Liseli was calm, so Talia guessed that nothing wrong would happen.     
'Didn't you sense the upcoming explosion?' Talia asked Liseli.     
'No,' Liseli said bluntly. 'That necklace looked like it was charging.'     
'It was. For an explosion.'     
'It didn't look like anything explosive to me.'     
Talia didn't want to argue. She needed to pacify her Alpha, who was holding onto her like she was his lifeline.     
Talia's heart cracked when she sensed Damon's emotions. He was terrified by the possibility of losing her. She tightened her hold on him.     
Talia thought of something else, so she mind-linked Axel, 'Didn't you see the upcoming explosion with your ability?'     
'My ability is not working here,' Axel responded. 'I believe that one of the relics is blocking it.'     
Talia thought how it made sense. She returned her attention to holding Damon.     
Talia scrunched her nose, unsure if the scent of Remi's blood mixed with Damon's or if he was bleeding.         
"Are you OK?" Talia asked in a whisper.     
"No."     
Talia quickly ran her hands over his back to sense if there were any tears or stickiness due to blood. "Are you harmed?"     
"My heart nearly broke. Why do you make me worry, kitten?" He spoke into her hair. "What will I do if I lose you? Do you want me to go mad and kill everyone?"     
His anxiety was spilling on her, and Talia felt dizzy.     
"Damon," Talia called. "Damon!"     
He moved to look at her, and she teared up when she saw the panic in his eyes. He was pale like a sheet of paper.     
Talia put her palms on his cheeks and started chanting, "I am fine. I am right here. You protected me. Everything is fine." She kissed him on the lips. "See? I'm right here." She kissed him again. "How about we go to our room and rest for a bit? Or would you rather go for a run to let out some steam?"     
Damon nodded. He didn't care where they went, as long as it was away from this place. Damon paused when he noticed that Talia's attention was behind him.     
Damon turned to see Cassandra clearing the rubble with her bare hands.     
"Ha!" Cassandra exclaimed victoriously, and then she returned with the necklace in her hand.     
"It didn't blow up?" Yasmin asked. Considering the explosion and the damage, it was unbelievable that the necklace was only dusty.     
Cassandra bobbed her head. "Relics are resilient. I tried on them spells, abilities, and physically smashing them. I couldn't make a scratch."     
Talia thought how that was interesting. "Does this mean we can use this necklace as a bomb?"     
"YOU can use it as a bomb," Cassandra responded to Talia. "But I don't think it would blow if you kept holding onto it."     
"What do you mean?" Talia asked.     
Cassandra gestured toward twelve crystals on the stone table. "Measurements showed energies converging, but nothing volatile. I believe the explosion happened because it lost contact with you. Of course, that's just a theory. The way to make sure is…"     
"NO!" Damon shouted, and everyone (other than Talia) felt his Alpha aura pressing on them.     
"Talia is NOT going to do that again!" He kicked the chest with relics to close. "Take this back from where it came from. Or even better, throw it into the ocean. Burry it somewhere no one will find it!"     
Talia hugged Damon, knowing that her proximity could calm him down. There was no point in talking when he was having a panic attack.     
'Let's talk about it later,' Talia said to Cassandra through the mind link and turned to Damon. "Are we going?"     
Damon nodded stiffly, and they walked out.     
Damon didn't say a word until they reached their room.     
Talia closed the door behind them and turned to face him.     
Damon jabbed his hand into his hair angrily.         
"Damn it, Talia! When are you going to..." His words were cut off when Talia jumped on him. "What…?"     
Her legs tightened around his waist, and she grabbed fistfuls of his hair.     
Before he could figure out what was going on, Talia's lips latched on her mark on his neck.     
"Damn it…" He spoke breathily. "Kitten… You… Mmm… Fuck…" He had so many things to say, but she executed a lethal move, and he hated and loved how much she could influence him.     
His arms snapped around her, and he fell to his knees. Every move of her tongue over the mark sent electric pulses straight to his groin area and numbed everything else.     
Talia continued sucking and licking her mark, and her hands moved to undress Damon.     
He was stressed. They both were. Instead of a shouting session to release tension, they might as well indulge in carnal pleasures.     
Damon wanted to say they needed to talk, but Talia's emotions told him she needed him, and his resolve dissolved faster than cotton candy that fell into the water.      
His head dipped to find his mark on her neck, and he kissed her there, her every moan soothed his anxiety, and by the time they were naked, he forgot why his mood was off when they entered their room.     
There were no words spoken, nor foreplay, as Damon invaded her insides with urgency, and she welcomed him eagerly, right there on the floor of their bedroom in the Midnight Guardians pack.     
###Chapter 821: Ancient relics (4)
Chapter 821: Ancient relics (4)
Damon and Talia were in bed, with him hugging her from behind.         
Talia felt his breath fanning her hair, and his arms were around her while her back pressed to his chest. After a round of carnal pleasures on the floor, they moved to the bed, and now they were both sated and naked, breathing as one. Normally, she would sleep after all that, but this time, Talia had too many things on her mind.     
"Damon?" Talia called.     
"Yes, kitten?"     
"The thing that happened with the necklace… I will do it again."     
"I know."     
Talia turned to face him. "You do?"     
Damon smiled a little. "I know that you are curious about those things for more than just because they could resist the powers of the Guardians."     
Talia was glad they didn't need to argue about this. And he was right. Her curiosity went beyond Keith's necklace with the ability to resist Gregory's restrictions.     
"My necklace," Talia said. "Don't you think it looks like something that could come out of that chest?"     
Damon's eyes fell on the necklace Talia was wearing. "You think your mother had something to do with the Guardians?"     
Talia was not sure, but… "I need to find out the truth about this necklace and about me. I am tired of secrets and ambushes." And she didn't want anyone else to die in front of her, because of her. "I need to know who is after us and what I can do. I don't want to hide, Damon. They have already come after me more than once, and I'm confident they are planning their next attack. By staying in the packhouse, they will know where I am, and they will hurt my friends in order to get to me. I… what happened to Lulu…" Talia choked on her words.     
"Shh… it's OK." Damon said.     
Talia shook her head. "It's not OK. What happened to Lulu, I can't go through it again. I hate this feeling of waiting to see from where the next enemy will come. I want to fight. I want to be ready when they come next time, or even better, I want to attack them before they can. I want us to fight together. Will you support me?"     
"Always."     
"We can do this, Damon. I know we can. With my power and yours, and with the help from our friends, we can do this."     
Damon puffed his cheeks, and Talia felt that his mood had dropped.     
"What?" She asked.     
"Don't you think I should have an ability also?"     
Talia blinked. "What?"     
"You marked me. Don't people get an ability when someone from the Midnight Guardians pack marks them? Meg can blow up stuff, Sandy can see the spirits, and what about me?"     
Talia realized what he meant. Damon was powerful already, and he was not a greedy man, but considering their situation, he needed more. If their roles were reversed, she would be impatient to get a power boost also. Unfortunately, those things couldn't be rushed. She remembered Axel telling her that some people spent decades without discovering their ability.     
"Have faith in the Moon Goddess, Damon. She gives us what we need, when we need it the most. I am confident you have an ability, and it's fantastic. She gave you Sapa when you needed guidance."     
Damon smiled a little. "She gave me you when I was on the verge of giving up."     
Talia nodded in agreement. "And she gave me you, when I hit an all-time low, and I thought all hope was lost. As for my powers… I didn't know I could heal until you were hurt. I didn't know I could put up a shield until I needed one. I guess what I'm trying to say is, when your power is needed, it will manifest itself."     
Damon smiled dreamily. Her words made sense, and her confidence told him that his kitten had grown again. How much more magnificent can she get? "What would I do without you?"         
Talia pressed her lips into a line. What would he do without her? "You would have fewer problems."     
"Don't say that, kitten. Nothing related to you is a problem. You are the best thing that ever happened to me."     
Talia could feel he meant it, and it was all it mattered at that moment.     
…     
Talia and Damon were back in a lab with Cassandra and a chest of ancient relics.     
Seeing that Cassandra was arranging her colorful crystals on the stone table, Talia asked Cassandra to leave in case something else blew up.     
Cassandra refused. "I spent a lot of time on these relics without results. Your ability to affect them is a breakthrough I was waiting for. Please, let me stay and observe. If anything happens to me, I won't blame you."     
"I am only concerned about your safety," Talia said.     
Cassandra smiled. "Your concern is noted and appreciated, Alpha. But I choose to stay."     
"Suit yourself," Talia said, and she turned to Damon.     
"I'm not going anywhere," Damon said stiffly.     
"I know," Talia responded. "But please don't throw stuff away unless Cassandra gives you a sign that something explosive is about to happen."     
Damon threw a side-glance at Cassandra, and then he looked at Talia.     
"I don't trust her." Damon didn't bother using the mind-link.     
Talia didn't trust Cassandra either, but… "You should trust in her self-preserving skills. If things are taking a wrong turn, she won't sit still and wait for death."     
With that, Talia squatted to pick a relic from the chest. None of them stood out. "Cassandra? Do you have a suggestion with which one to start?"     
"What are you trying to accomplish?" Cassandra asked.     
"I was thinking about this. It doesn't make sense that only people with powers like mine could use these items. There are too many of them, and if there were many people with powers like mine, we would hear about them."     
Cassandra nodded at Talia's words. "The necklace your guard used worked on its own."     
"Did it?" Talia asked. "You said you carried it with you, but it never worked. If not for your visions, you wouldn't know it can repel magic. Only when Keith faced the Guardian, the necklace was activated to break the restriction."     
Damon thought Talia was onto something. "Do you think some strong energy is needed to activate them?"      
Talia confirmed. "Either strong energy or a specific type of energy. But the fact is that all these are sitting here because no one knows how to use them, yet I can easily make one blow."     
"Others carrying them for emergency would make sense for defensive items, but it would make offensive ones useless," Damon mused.     
"I doubt these are offensive items," Cassandra said before explaining, "Alpha took a long time to charge that necklace. Assuming that the necklace was designed to explode, even a human could escape when they saw Alpha charging it."     
Well, that made sense also.         
'Why is she talking like she knows everything?' Liseli growled at Cassandra's words. She didn't like that the Oracle was underestimating them. 'We just went slowly because it was the first time.'     
'We can do it faster?' Talia asked.     
'Hmph! Pick one, and let me show you.'     
Talia took a golden necklace with little red stones embedded in it. "Let's start with this one."     
After throwing an assuring gaze at Damon, Talia took a deep breath and started channeling energy into the necklace.     
Damon's frown deepened as he saw Talia's hand lighting up.     
In about a second, Talia's hair turned silver, and the necklace in her hand started pulsating in silvery light.     
'ZZZzzzZZZzzzZZZ'     
Damon blinked, and his stomach dropped when Talia disappeared.     
"TALIA!"     
###Chapter 822: Ancient relics (5) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 822: Ancient relics (5) [Bonus chapter]
'Calm down, boy,' Sapa spoke to Damon, who was on the verge of losing his mind. 'Mate is not far.'         
Damon turned around frantically, searching for Talia, but the only one in sight was Cassandra who was bent at an awkward angle under the pressure of Damon's aura.     
'Talia!' Damon called through their private mind-link.     
'Woah!' Talia's voice sounded in Damon's head.     
'Where are you!?'     
'I think I'm in one of the adjacent labs,' Talia responded. 'Let me get into the hallway and see…'     
Damon rushed to the door to open it, and he nearly bumped into Talia.     
A flood of curses was at the tip of his tongue, but first, he pulled Talia into his embrace. His heart was beating so strongly that he was confident Talia could feel it smacking into her cheek.     
"Damn it, kitten," Damon spoke under his breath while pressing her into him.     
Damon never cared for anyone so deeply, and since he met Talia, it was just one thing after another. Even before he knew her name, Talia demonstrated her ability to give him the slip, and the more time they spent together, the more dangers around them grew. There were conceited she-wolves, power-hungry Alphas, rogues, Guardians, and now there were exploding necklaces and random teleportation. At this rate, he will die from stress.     
Talia looked up at Damon. "I am OK. I think this necklace has teleporting abilities."     
"You think?" Damon asked sarcastically. "What if it teleported you into the ground? Into the wall? Inside a volcano? On another planet? So many things could go wrong."     
"But it didn't."     
"Do you think you can control the distance and destination?" It was Cassandra asking.     
Damon stiffened as another wave of rage swelled inside him. How dares that woman interrupt his time with Talia?     
Talia and Damon looked that way to see Cassandra wiping the sweat from her forehead. Her body was recovering from the attack of Damon's aura, but her spirit was not shaken. Cassandra was too excited by recent developments to care about matters of the flesh.     
Talia could feel Damon's hostility rising, and she guessed that Cassandra's sorry state was because of Damon.     
Talia quickly put her hands on his cheeks to make him focus on her.     
"I'm not going to stop at this one, Damon. If you react like this every time, maybe you should sit this one out."     
Damon scowled. "And leave you alone with the treacherous Oracle and that chest of trinkets from Hell?"     
Talia bit her lower lip. She would laugh if she couldn't sense Damon's distress. He was worried about her, and she didn't want to be the cause of his worries, but this was something she needed to do. She was the only one who could do it, and Damon knew it.     
"We could find something useful, Damon. We could find things that will protect us from rogues and Guardians. Maybe one of these can allow us to open and close portals with ease."     
"And maybe we could get ourselves killed. You could…" He was unable to finish this, but Talia knew. There was no point in talking about it.     
"You put your life on the line many times, Damon."     
Damon couldn't deny that, but… "I can't bear the thought of you getting harmed. The tiniest scratch on your body feels like someone stabbed me a hundred times over."     
Talia smiled. "I feel the same about you, Damon. You are the source of my happiness. But the fact is that others are set on getting between us, and unless we get a bit braver, I fear they will succeed. So… how about we protect each other?"         
Damon pulled her into his chest and breathed into her hair. "That's why I'm here, kitten."     
Damon spoke bravely, but the truth was that he felt useless. Talia was doing everything and putting herself in danger, yet he was stuck watching and worrying. How was he an Alpha if he was left on the sidelines?      
Talia took Damon calming down as a sign that it was OK to proceed. She waited for his heartbeats to stabilize before pulling away.     
Cassandra was writing things into her notepad.     
"You can mark this necklace as a teleporting aid," Talia said. "I don't want to spend more time on this as our goal today is to identify what they do. Let's try another one."     
Talia's real goal was to figure out how to activate these relics. Once she gained confidence, she would try to activate the necklace her parents left behind, but she didn't want to do that in front of Cassandra.     
…     
Damon and Talia had dinner in the main house. Also present were Axel, Yasmin, Meg, Kai, Tyler, Sandy, Amelia, Liam, Pierce, Daria, Cornelia, Keith, and Caleb.     
Varya and Grady didn't leave their room yet, and no one wanted to disturb them, so Yasmin arranged for their meal to be left in front of their door. Talia suspected the newly mated couple will stay in their room for a few more days, and since Talia and Damon couldn't wait so long for them to come out, she left instructions to Axel, Yasmin, Betas, and Gammas to take care of newcomers, show them around, and include them in daily activities. It was important for Varya and Grady to feel welcome and accepted; otherwise, they will be looking for a way out of there.     
While Damon and Talia were busy with relics in the lab, Pierce, Daria, Keith, and Caleb were training with the warriors of the Midnight Guardians pack. Keith was impressed with their improvement when comparing performance from the last time they visited, and Kai, Tyler, and Sandy were happy to hear Keith praising the results of their work in front of Alpha Talia and Alpha Damon.     
Tyler was never into training; he was more into electronics and modern science. However, that changed when Sandy became his mate. She was Alpha Talia's personal guard, one of the top warriors in the Dark Howlers pack, and Tyler didn't want to lag behind his mate, so he attended morning drills regularly.     
Talia listened to them talking about training and updated patrol schedules, and she happily accepted all food that Damon offered. She was hungry. Those few hours of charging ancient relics with energies contributed to working out a good appetite.     
Other than the necklace that can teleport people, she also identified items that can create a force field, turn into a magnet, and heat up to the point of cutting through stone like it was butter while Talia thought of them as warm to touch. Most of the things barely affected Talia, so they concluded that the one who activated the relic was immune to its effects.     
There was also a bunch of items that Talia charged, and nothing happened. Or maybe it did, but Talia, Damon, and Cassandra didn't notice.     
Damon was pleased that nothing exploded, and Talia didn't disappear again. But the whole session was super-stressful, and he was sure his lifespan was shortened by a decade with every next relic Talia charged.     
There were more items that needed testing and also to see if the ones that were tested could be controlled with precision. It all required time Talia didn't have. Damon and Talia had many things to do, and she wanted to return to the Dark Howlers pack and deal with matters she left behind, like meeting Lulu's father.     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 823: Help guiding energies
Chapter 823: Help guiding energies
Talia's biggest disappointment was that no one else could activate ancient relics and use those special abilities. It would be awesome if they could distribute them to their warriors or at least to the high-ranking members.         
Talia was hoping that Cornelia and Amelia could provide some assistance. They were both witches, sensitive to energies, and they also got a boost in their abilities after being marked. Considering that Cornelia and Amelia were making progress in their research on activating dormant portals, Talia thought that maybe two witches could figure out how a normal person can use those relics.     
"Cornelia, Amelia," Talia called. "I was wondering if you will be interested in checking out some items that respond to energies," Talia said to what two witches nodded. They had nothing else to do.     
Talia thought that Yasmin would be the best person to help with this. Yasmin was a witch marked by an Alpha from the Midnight Guardians pack, and there was that strange resonance that happened between Talia and Yasmin. However, Talia didn't want to expose Yasmin to something that might harm her babies.     
Talia asked Axel about progress with people who will follow them to the Dark Howlers pack.     
"People are notified and ready to go at any time," Axel said and glanced at Yasmin. "Yasmin and I will take another group to the realm of witches."     
Talia was happy that things were progressing well. "Let's not keep them waiting for too long. We will return to the Dark Howlers pack tomorrow. Tell them to be ready by lunchtime."     
"I have good news to share," Yasmin said excitedly. "Healers confirmed that my pregnancy is advancing." She stood up and stretched her blouse to fit snugly over her belly. "See?"     
They all cheered and congratulated Yasmin on the now visible baby bump.     
"Thank you, Lia," Yasmin said, her voice full of emotions.     
"Do you think we will need to perform another ritual?" Talia asked. If Yasmin wanted more, they needed to do it as soon as possible.     
"Let's talk after this meal," Yasmin responded mysteriously.     
Talia understood that Yasmin wanted to talk in private.     
…     
After dinner, Yasmin and Talia went to the balcony.     
"I would like to join you in investigating relics," Yasmin said. Talia was not specific during dinner when she spoke to Cornelia and Amelia, but Yasmin knew what Talia was talking about.     
Talia didn't think it was a good idea. What if Yasmin manages to activate them and ends up harmed? "If anything happens to your babies…"     
Yasmin raised her hand, interrupting whatever Talia was about to say next.     
"I believe that working with energies is crucial for the development of my babies. Investigating relics is just something that will give me purpose, and maybe I find out something useful."     
"Are you sure about it?" Talia asked suspiciously. "Healers advise to not use abilities because no one knows how they impact babies that are not born."     
"That might be true for werewolves, but I am not one. After our ritual, I feel like I can connect with nature on a deeper level. A small voice is correcting how I'm harvesting the power of energies. It's similar to what I did previously but different. Like I did it wrongly my whole life. Does this make sense?"     
Talia remembered that she heard voices during the ritual. She couldn't make out the words, but those were definitely voices.     
"Is that what you wanted to talk to me in private?" Talia asked.     
"Yes. What you did for me during the ritual, I feel I should be able to do on my own. I am so close, yet not there. I would appreciate it if you help me guide the energies again. Maybe we start slowly, and when you see that it's happening, then you slowly reduce your input and let me pick it up from there."     
"Sure," Talia was quick to agree. "Do you want us to do it now?"     
Yasmin's eyes lit up. "Let's go to my room. No one will disturb us there."         
While Talia was chatting with Yasmin, Damon used Axel's phone to call Caden and inform him they will return with the company tomorrow (which is just a few hours for the Dark Howlers pack).     
After the call,  Damon joined Axel and others in the lounge.     
"Talia and Yasmin are still talking?" Damon asked.     
Axel nodded in confirmation. "They are getting along well."     
Axel poured a drink for Damon, and they clinked glasses.     
Damon was about to take a sip of amber liquid from his glass when he heard Talia's voice in his head, 'I am going with Yasmin to her room for a bit. It won't take long. Don't worry about me.'     
Damon's insides tightened. If there was nothing to worry about, why did she add that last bit?     
"Is something wrong with your drink?" Axel asked Damon.     
Damon realized that he had made a face. He didn't have anything against Talia socializing with Yasmin, but he had a feeling those two would do something reckless. Again.     
Damon wanted to tell Axel that those two were up to something, but he didn't want to reveal his private mind-link with Talia. Could he get his phone and pretend he got a text? No, that won't be useful as they didn't have cell phone reception. Only a few devices worked, and those were specially modified by Tyler.     
"I am just worried because Talia and Yasmin are taking so long," Damon said, hoping Axel would get the hint. "Do you mind if we go and check on them?"     
Axel smiled. "You are worrying too much about Talia. Nothing can happen here."     
"How much I remember, the last time I was here, you had a Guardian moving around like he owned the place."     
Axel's expression fell. No one liked being reminded of their mishaps.     
"You are forgetting that Alpha Natalia is the strongest Alpha. No matter what comes, she can deal with it."     
Damon scowled. "Can you just check if they are where they were supposed to be?"     
Axel's eyes lost focus for a moment as he reached out to Omegas who worked in the main house. A second later, Axel said, "They went to Yasmin's and my suite. See? They are fine. Still talking. Nothing happened."     
"If they are just talking, why are they going to your suite?"     
Axel realized that Damon was right. Talia and Yasmin had privacy on the balcony, so there was no reason to go to any room unless they wanted to ensure no one would overhear them… or see what they were doing.     
An image of Talia and Yasmin enveloped in a glowing tornado flashed in Axel's mind, and his anxiety swelled.     
Axel downed his drink. "Excuse me. I need to check something."     
Axel was so worried that he didn't notice Damon following right after him.     
Instead of barging into the suite, Axel pressed his ear to the door to hear some ambiguous words...     
"Do you feel this?" Talia asked excitedly.     
"Oh, yeah…" Yasmin responded breathily.         
"Now, keep pushing. You are almost there," Talia said. "If it gets stuck, pull it out and then push back again."     
"Help me push."     
"No, no. You can do it. Follow the same thing I'm doing…"     
A low growl startled Axel, and he turned around to see that Damon was right behind him with his ear sticking to the door.     
---     
This content is contracted and published exclusively on the NovelFire platform (W e b n o v e l . c o m). Thank you for supporting the author by reading this novel from the original source.     
###Chapter 824: Releasing tension
Chapter 824: Releasing tension
Damon's accusing eyes were on Axel, and Axel was unsure if he wanted to open the door.         
Those ambiguous words came from Talia and Yasmin, who were in the suite alone, and nothing good would come from opening the door.     
If there were no witnesses, Axel would return to the lounge and pretend he didn't hear anything, but how can he do that when Damon was right there?     
Axel knew that Yasmin and Talia were getting along well, but were they getting THAT well?     
Damon's blood was boiling. What was Talia doing? Did that wretched witch cast a spell on Talia to seduce her? Damon feared that Keith or some other bastard would get his hands on Talia, but did he lose Talia to a scrawny girl like Yasmin? No, no… he didn't lose Talia. The mate bond was stronger than ever. Everything was fine unless… was he supposed to share Talia with Yasmin?     
No one, NO ONE, gets to touch Talia other than Damon!     
Damon saw red.     
Seeing that Axel was frozen on the spot, Damon's temper exploded.     
"Move!" Damon growled at Axel.     
"Wait! Let's think about this. What if…"     
Axel didn't get a chance to finish that as Damon shoved him to the side.     
Damon exhaled sharply and gripped the doorknob before opening the door in one swift move.     
Talia's head whipped toward the door to see Damon standing there with his face red from anger and Axel peering inside from Damon's right.     
'I told you I would be back in a bit. We are almost done here,' Talia spoke to Damon through their mind-link because she didn't want to disturb Yasmin, who was concentrating on channeling energies.     
Damon was not sure how to respond to this. Should he admit that he imagined Talia and Yasmin on the bed, naked with their limbs entangled? Now that he saw them sitting on the floor, facing each other and glowing, he felt silly.      
'I was missing you,' Damon said. It was the truth. He missed seeing her every second because he feared that she might disappear without any warning.     
Talia could feel his sorrow and insecurities, and she realized that she had neglected her mate.     
They had a stressful day that started with an explosion, and then Talia teleported unexpectedly, and so many other mentally straining things happened. Damon was tense, on the verge of snapping, and she left him to deal with it on his own.     
Talia knew that Damon was not weak. He was the strongest person she ever knew, and he loved her immensely. But that love made him vulnerable, and she promised silently to protect him with all she had and not make him suffer.     
No matter how powerful Talia was, Damon was worried about her, and that made her his weakness.     
"Continue like that, Yasmin. You are doing great," Talia gave final encouragement before getting up and walking to Damon.     
She hugged him and pushed him from the doorframe into the hallway.     
"I am sorry, Damon. I won't leave you like this again," Talia spoke into his chest.     
She glanced at Axel. "Go in and give her company. Try not to disturb her as she is concentrating on channeling energies."     
Axel nodded in understanding and scooted sideways to get into the room.     
Now that Talia had left Yasmin's side, Yasmin was not glowing anymore, but the energy pulsating around her was causing refraction, like an invisible layer that distorted vision.         
Axel turned toward the door to see that Talia and Damon were not there anymore. He closed the door carefully, and then he sat on the ground opposite Yasmin, and he stared at his mate. Her eyes were closed, and she was smiling. He could feel that she was happy. She was beautiful.     
Talia wanted to give her full attention to Damon, but she needed to deal with one matter first.     
Talia went with Amelia and Cornelia to the lab where the ancient relics were without releasing Damon's hand.     
They found that Cassandra was still there. She was arranging items Talia tested previously in various containers and labeling them.     
"Oh, I thought we were done for today," Cassandra said when she saw Talia at the door.     
"You should take a break for dinner," Talia said.     
"I will, once I finish these."     
Talia shook her head at Cassandra. It was obvious that the Oracle was obsessed with her research.      
"These are relics," Talia said to Cornelia and Amelia. "You saw magical items in your Coven, right?"     
Cornelia and Amelia confirmed.     
"The thing with these is that we are not sure how to use them. They respond to my energy." Talia took one relic. It was a brooch she tested earlier.     
She put the brooch next to the metallic spoon to demonstrate that nothing had happened.     
"Once I charge it, it turns into a magnet."     
Talia's palm glowed in silvery light that the brooch absorbed. A second later, Talia put the brooch on the stone table, and the metallic spoon flew toward the brooch until it was stuck to it.     
"The effect lasts about ten seconds after I stop charging it," Talia explained.     
"What do you expect us to do?" Cornelia asked.     
Talia gestured toward the chest that still had numerous shiny things inside. "I don't think these are made for me to use, but Cassandra and her team could not activate them. Cassandra believes that they require some conditions to work. Can the two of you investigate what type of energy will activate them?"     
Amelia's eyes lit up, but Cornelia was not enthusiastic.     
"This might take a long time," Cornelia grumbled.     
Talia understood Cornelia's concern. The witch was eager to return to the human realm and reunite with James. Doing research like this might take months, or longer.     
"At this time, I am hoping you will check them out briefly and see if you can feel anything," Talia explained. "If you are interested in taking on this project, we can bring a number of these items with us. You can test them in the Dark Howlers pack when you take a break from your current research."     
Cornelia relaxed at this, joining Amelia in digging through the chest with items.     
Feeling that Damon's tension was increasing again, Talia turned to Cassandra. "Do you mind telling Amelia and Cornelia what we did today? It might give them some ideas on how to approach this."     
Cassandra had no ions. Witches were known to operate magical s, and Cassandra hoped she could learn something useful.     
Talia gave Damon's hand a squeeze. 'How about a run to release tension?'         
Damon's eyes flashed in approval. He was delighted that Talia didn't want to meddle with those damned relics again.     
...     
Two wolves ran through the forest, one black and the other light gray, nearly white.     
Talia jumped on a tall rock and stood on it victoriously.     
Damon's steps halted at the base of the rock, and he stared at her. The breeze ruffled her fur to ripple under the moonlight in silvery light.     
Talia turned to look at him.     
'Why are you standing there? Join me,' she spoke to Damon through their mind-link.     
'You are beautiful,' he said breathily.     
Talia giggled, but the sound that came from her wolf form was more like a whine. 'If I had non-hairy cheeks, you would see me blushing.'     
'I am serious.' He tilted his head. 'Why do I have a feeling that your fur is whiter?'     
Talia turned to look at herself. 'Whiter?'     
'I could swear it was darker when we had our first pack run.'     
Talia didn't see the difference. 'Does it matter?'     
'No. Regardless of what color your fur is, I adore you because I fell in love with your soul.'     
Talia leaped off the rock, and she rubbed her head on his neck. 'You are a sweet talker, Damon Blake.'     
'I am only speaking my mind.'     
Talia touched his nose with hers, and then she gave him a lick, knowing that always flusters him.     
Before Damon could react, she was running away from him with, 'Catch me if you can!'     
Damon was up for the challenge.     
Damon was right behind Talia, nipping at her tail whenever it got in his range, and she would squeal and giggle while changing her direction and spurring him to run faster.      
It seemed they were running randomly, and Damon paused when he saw the familiar entrance of a cave where Talia had disappeared.      
Damon walked slowly inside after Talia, and he shifted into his human form when he saw her sitting on the cot, stark naked... just how he liked her.     
"Did you lure me here to seduce me, Mrs. Blake?" Damon asked while stalking toward her.      
Talia bit her lower lip while her eyes roamed his naked form hungrily. "I thought we might create some happy memories while we are here, Mr. Blake."     
Damon released a deep growl while lowering himself on the cot above Talia. Happy memories it is!         
###Chapter 825: Guests from the Midnight Guardians pack
Chapter 825: Guests from the Midnight Guardians pack
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~         
Caden and Maya were ready to welcome the newcomers from the Midnight Guardians pack.     
Thanks to Amelia and Cornelia, twenty people were teleported near the packhouse, and they were all excited to take their first steps outside of the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack.     
"You got rooms for everyone? That's fantastic!" Talia praised Betas when they had a list of one-bedroom apartments ready.     
"As a good Beta, I need to anticipate your moves and set the stage to make it happen," Maya said smugly.     
It was no secret that Talia wanted to bring people from the Midnight Guardians pack. It was only a matter of when it will happen. Actually, Maya thought that more people would come, so they had thirty apartments waiting in one of the buildings where Omegas stayed.     
They took everyone to the largest conference room, where they showed a map of Darkbourne and several points of interest. Caden explained security procedures in case rogues attacked so that everyone knew how to find a shelter. With technicalities done, Talia reminded them not to mention they were from the Midnight Guardians pack unless they find their mates, in which case, only their mate should know.      
Zina prepared a meal for everyone, knowing that people from the Midnight Guardians pack would rather check out the area than spend their time cooking.     
Sandy and Tyler tagged along for this trip. Sandy wanted to introduce Tyler to her family, and the Gamma couple doubled as a team who would help in the case of any issues. Daria and Pierce also volunteered to keep an eye on people from the Midnight Guardians pack and to ensure no one bullies them. Without their abilities, they were just werewolves, but one can never be too cautious.     
Amelia and Liam were ready to teleport mated people to the Midnight Guardians pack.     
After filling their bellies, Sandy, Tyler, Daria, Pierce, Amelia, and Liam led everyone into Darkbourne to see the town center, and after that, they would show the apartments newcomers will get to use while they stay in the Dark Howlers pack.     
Maya couldn't prepare a big mixer with other packs in such a short time, so for the evening, she planned to take newcomers to the Shifters nightclub. It will maximize their chances of finding mates. Keith and Caleb said that they will be in the club to ensure no one bullies people from the Midnight Guardians pack.     
Talia was pleased to see that everyone was contributing. It turned out better than she expected.     
Caden noticed that Talia's guards were taking initiative to help and he thought of something. He waited for everyone to disperse to talk to Talia and Damon in private.     
"What do you think about introducing more people to the management of the pack?" Caden asked.     
"More people?" Damon cocked his eyebrow suspiciously. "Are you saying that we should have more high-ranking members?"     
"Not necessarily high-ranking. More like assistants," Maya clarified.     
This reminded Talia of Mindy, who said she would work with Talia. Mindy would be perfect for organizing a cross-pack mixer, but Mindy was currently busy staving off the heat with her Shaman mate. Talia estimated that Mindy and Gideon will come out of their solitude in the next few days.     
"I assume you have someone on your mind," Damon said to Caden and Maya after a long pause.     
Caden confirmed. "Liam and Pierce are reliable, and their mates also seem capable. If we can introduce them to some aspects of what Maya and I are doing, they can share the workload, and it won't be a big burden when Maya and I take a vacation."     
Damon didn't like Caden's picks. "Liam and Pierce are Talia's guards."     
"I don't need guards all the time," Talia said, obviously liking Caden's suggestion. "Besides, with Amelia not being a she-wolf, when Liam comes with me outside the pack, she will be left behind."     
Damon's frown deepened. "Are you saying Liam should be dismissed as your guard and assist Betas?" Liam was a warrior, not a guy who would do office work.     
Talia raised her hand, indicating to Damon to be patient. "That's not what I'm saying. Liam is a competent guard, and I would hate to lose him, but he won't be able to focus on protecting me during long outings if he is missing his mate. Instead of making this all or nothing, how about we expand who can be my guard and add a few people to work with Caden and Maya? They can work as trainees and start with tasks that are not crucial. In time, their responsibilities can expand as they prove themselves capable. Maya and Caden are already delegating some of their tasks to whoever is available, and this will only dedicate a few people to specific tasks."     
Maya nodded at these words. "I could come up with a few good candidates right now. Other than Liam and Pierce, there are those three teens who were accompanying James. We can start with them."     
Talia's eyes lit up when she remembered Petra, Zack, and Erik. "Yes, they seemed motivated and energetic."         
Damon thought for a moment before responding. "Don't promise them ranking positions. As long as they agree to work as your assistants, and you ensure nothing secretive ends up in their hands before they prove themselves and I authorize it, I'm fine with it."     
Caden and Maya were happy about this. They liked the concept where it was just the two of them next to their Alpha and Luna, but now that Maya's heat was approaching (in just over two weeks!), Maya and Caden found it troubling that so much work would be paused until they returned. With a few extra hands, many things can happen without Maya and Caden being there.     
With the business part over, Maya asked, "So, are you joining us in the Shifters tonight?"     
Damon looked at Talia. That action told her it was up to her.     
"If we are not necessary, I would rather we skip this. There is something I would like to do." Talia said. With Sandy and Tyler being here, the members of the Midnight Guardians pack had their Gammas, and they were all grownups. She didn't need to follow them everywhere.     
Maya didn't insist. They already had a number of people to keep an eye on their guests and help if needed, so Talia and Damon didn't need to participate.     
They ended the talk with Maya asking about Yasmin and Meg, who were pregnant. Maya was happy to hear they would soon have babies in their circle. A new generation was coming, and she hoped that this upcoming heat would bless them with a pup of their own. She knew that Caden was looking forward to it.      
…     
With everyone heading to the Shifters nightclub, it was just Talia and Damon in the packhouse.     
"Do you have something to do? Or do you want us to relax and take it easy? I am fine with either option." Damon said. "Do you want to watch a movie?"     
"Maybe you can start that movie, and I will join you later," Talia said while raising her hand to the necklace around her neck. "I want to try activating it." After charging so many ancient relics in the Midnight Guardians pack, Talia was confident she could do it.     
Damon had mixed feelings about it. The last time that necklace got triggered, Talia was in a coma-like state for more than an hour. He was minutes away from permanently crippling Sophia and Isaac, and he wouldn't stop at those two if Talia didn't wake up.     
###Chapter 826: A message from Astraea
Chapter 826: A message from Astraea
"I know what you are worried about," Talia said to Damon. "But I need to see if there is a message from me in this necklace. I might be out of it for hours. Will you watch over me?"         
Damon pressed his lips into a line and responded with a stiff nod.     
Talia knew this was hard on him, and it was hard on her as well.     
She was driven by her curiosity and need to find out the truth, and it was not that Damon didn't want to know the truth, but he was reluctant to do anything that might harm Talia.     
Talia cupped his cheeks and gave him a long, slow kiss. She didn't have words to express her gratitude because she knew that even with all his anxiety and insecurities, he was supportive.     
"You are the best mate one could have," Talia said.     
"And so are you, kitten." She was determined and cute, and he was unable to deny her anything. "Just promise you will come back to me."     
"There is no place I would rather be than right here…" She gave him a firm hug. "You are my home, Damon. I will always come back to you."     
After a long kissing session, Talia laid on the bed and held onto her necklace that rested on her chest. Last time Talia fell limply, and like this, she had nowhere to fall.     
Talia apprehensively looked at Damon who was sitting on the edge of the bed next to her.     
"I won't leave your side until you wake up. I promise." Damon said.     
"Thank you, Damon." For everything.     
Talia took a few deep breaths to calm her anxiety, and she focused on channeling her energies. There was no point in overthinking this. Either nothing will happen, or she might hear a message her mother recorded. There was no third outcome.     
Talia spent many nights thinking about what the message could be.     
Assuming that what she saw the last time was the truth, it hinted that her parents were in danger and that her mother knew it will be a while until they reunited… and maybe her mother knew they will never see each other again. What would be the last message a mother would leave to her baby? Would it be full of regrets or wishes for a happy future?     
A knot formed in Talia's chest.     
'Are you with me, Lis?'     
Liseli snorted. 'Why are you asking like I have a choice?'     
'A little support would be nice.'     
'You don't need my support, girl. You've got this.'     
It's not that Liseli didn't want to help, but she couldn't. The last time Talia received the message, Liseli was not part of it. The only thing Liseli could do was to wait for Talia to return.     
Damon held his breath when Talia's eyes changed into silver. Her hand holding the necklace was wrapped in pulses of light, Talia's hair turned silvery, and her whole body was glowing.     
During experiments with the ancient relics at the Midnight Guardians pack, Damon noticed that Talia was getting more proficient with her energies. What needed a warmup before now all happened in a second. She was impressive.     
Talia's hand relaxed on her chest, and the silvery glow subsided, but Talia's hair didn't change back to coppery. She looked like an enchanted princess, trapped in her sleep.     
Damon's brows came together, knowing that Talia successfully activated the necklace, and he hoped that no harm would come to her.     
He hated that the only thing he could do was sit and wait and hope for the best.         
Damon reached to the side and got his laptop. Who said that he couldn't do anything? He will take this time to go through reports related to the recent attack on the Blue River pack, movements of rogues, and everything they knew about the Guardians, and he will find something useful.     
He sat on the bed next to Talia and pressed his lips against her forehead.     
"Come back to me quickly, kitten…"     
And then he turned his attention to the laptop.     
…     
Talia found herself surrounded by whiteness.     
'Liseli?' Talia called. There was no response.     
"Uhm…"     
A female voice was heard, and Talia couldn't determine from which direction it came.     
"My dear child, if you are listening to this, it means that my worst fear came true… you grew up without me."     
Talia's heart jumped in joy. Those words confirmed that her mother loved her.     
Talia was happy, but she was also sad that she missed a childhood where her mother would hold her, comfort her when she was scared, scold her for mischief, teach her things, lull her to sleep… and do all the things that mothers do.     
"There is not much time, so…" The female released a long exhale. "I hope that this decision to separate granted you a safe childhood. Considering who your father is, I am confident you are a remarkable young woman, capable of standing up for yourself and everyone you love. I just wish I was there to see it happening."     
A long pause ensued, and Talia was not sure if the message was over, but then the female spoke again.     
"I have a request, Natalia. Don't look into who we are. By now, you realized you are a special child for more than just having an Alpha for a father. Whatever powers you discovered, keep them hidden. If people find out… it will only bring you trouble. Don't trust anyone. I am sorry for deciding this for you. My only intention is to protect you from all this mess with the hope you will lead a happy life. I want you to know that I love you very much, and so does your father. I hope you will find your soulmate who will cherish you just how your father cherishes me. And… I hope you will forgive me."     
Talia held her breath, wishing to hear more or to replay the message so she could hear it again.     
Talia focused mightily on her consciousness to gather energies, and then she heard a small laugh.     
"You are my daughter, alright. If you didn't emit another burst of power, you wouldn't unlock the second part."     
Talia couldn't believe this. Did she accidentally unlock more? It took her forever to unlock the first part! What was her mother thinking!?     
"You are Natalia, daughter of Valerian and Astraea, and we keep our heads high as we follow our own justice. No matter what happens, don't let them control you. You are in charge of your life and what you will do with it, even when you will die. Death is not the end, my child. The end is when you give up hope."     
The white light intensified to the point of causing Talia's eyes to ache, and she closed them tightly while a flood of information assaulted her mind.     
Talia was choking on emotions, and she didn't realize at what point she came back, that it was dawn outside, or when she managed to soak Damon's t-shirt with her tears. She was glad that Damon was holding her and running his hand through her hair. Those small tugs on her scalp provided the comfort she desperately needed.     
Damon knew that Talia was back, and it was over. Her hair regained its original color, and he waited patiently for her to cry it out.     
After an unknown measure of time, Talia looked up at Damon, and she gave him an ugly smile.     
"My mother loved me," she said in a shaky voice.         
"Of course, she did. You were her blessing, and now you are mine."     
Damon didn't ask what was message Talia's mother left behind because the only thing that mattered was that his kitten was back. And he loved that she was comfortable with him to cry and vent her grievances.     
Talia cried for a long time, and she fell asleep in Damon's arms. It was the most comfortable place in the world.     
###Chapter 827: A message from Astraea (cont.)
Chapter 827: A message from Astraea (cont.)
Talia's thoughts and emotions were a mess, and Damon was unsure how to help her.         
Talia told him that she heard her mother and that her parents loved her, but that shouldn't cause this confusion and negativity.     
"How about you tell me what the message was about?" Damon asked.     
"There were two parts. The first one was about me staying safe and concealing my true nature. The message stopped, and I called for the energies in the hope of replaying the message, but I accidentally triggered the second part. My mother set it up in such a way that if I struggled with accepting to hide, she would tell me more."     
"What is that more?" Damon asked impatiently.     
"My mother's name is Astraea, and she was what we call a Guardian." Talia noticed a lack of reaction from Damon. "You are not surprised?"     
Damon shrugged. "It's obvious you are not a regular she-wolf, kitten. I suspected your mother was a witch, but even witches need to chant spells and draw diagrams while you don't. That's why I narrowed it down that your mother was either a Guardian or a dragon."     
"A dragon?"     
Damon chuckled. "Based on the books, they are magical creatures."     
Talia suspected that Damon was joking to loosen up the atmosphere. "Do you want to listen or joke?"     
"Listen, listen," Damon said earnestly. "What else did you find out?"     
"There was a lot of information. I will need time to sort it out, but the main point is that the Guardians are dying. There was a time when Guardians were formidable creatures and many thought of them as Gods. In time, their numbers and their powers diminished. Guardian females stopped bearing children, so males started looking for exceptional females among other creatures. The pairings between Guardians were taking priority because any other would dilute their bloodline and diminish their powers. My mother refused a Guardian that was assigned to her."     
Damon was alerted. "Assigned to her?"     
"Uhm… Think of it like an arranged marriage. She left to live in another town with humans."     
"And the other Guardians let her?"     
Talia confirmed. "Yes. You see, they are immortals. There was no point in forcing her to come back. They assumed she would get bored after a few centuries and return on her own. When Guardians discovered that my mother fell for an Alpha and they were soulmates, they intervened. They asked her to return and gave her an ultimatum, and when she refused, they razed the town and killed everyone in it. My mother and father fled. The Guardians didn't know my mother was pregnant and that she gave birth to me. That was why she decided to hide me."     
Talia was happy that she got to hear her mother's voice and to confirm that her parents loved her. But she also found out that the dangers lurking all around them were much bigger than she could ever imagine. But it was not all bad.     
"There was an information dump, like when we exchange mental images. It was about the powers Guardians have and how they use the energies of nature. There were rituals and ceremonies, and… now I am confident that what Gregory did to me in the Blue River pack triggered my heat."     
"Bastard," Damon squeezed through his teeth.     
Damon was happy that Talia went into heat, and they spent a week in Maddox's cottage indulging in carnal pleasures, but he didn't like the idea of a Guardian manipulating Talia. So many things could have gone wrong.     
"I don't think he was sure it would work," Talia said. "I remember him asking about your mark on my neck and if I went into heat and…" Talia exhaled helplessly. "Now he knows you are my mate, and if he had any suspicions about my bloodline, it's gone. He knows I am one of them." Talia's anxiety was rising. "What if they come here for me, Damon? What if they attack the pack to get to me? I can't sacrifice others for my safety…"     
"Shh…" Damon shushed her while pulling her into a tight embrace. "I won't let them put a finger on you, kitten."     
Talia's eyes were filled with tears. "What if they harm you, Damon?"     
Damon's expression was stern, but his gaze was gentle. "Your parents had a tough time, but we are not them. Our packs will stand united against the Guardians."     
"I don't want to put our friends in danger, Damon. It's not fair to ask them to risk their lives for me."     
"This is not about helping you. It's about them helping every female that Guardians are coveting. The two of us are the best chance they have to fight against Guardians. Today is you. Tomorrow, it might be Tanya, Kalina, or Yasmin. Imagine what Guardians will do if they get into the Silver Flame Coven. All of them will help us because by helping us, they are helping themselves."         
Damon's words made her see a different perspective. He was right. "Together, we can fight. With the information I got from my mother, we can devise plans on how to defend."     
Damon hummed in approval. "And it's not just about defending. We will attack because that's the only way to live in peace. We will figure out those ancient relics and portals, and we have Sapa and Liseli, and… there is a reason why the Moon Goddess made us mates. Trust in her. Trust in me."     
Talia nodded into his chest. Somehow, his words managed to soothe her anxiety. For now.     
…     
Damon and Talia went downstairs, and they heard voices from the garden.     
Maya, Caden, Pierce, and Daria were there with members of the Midnight Guardians pack.     
"Good morning," Talia wished them when they stepped on the terrace that connected with the garden.     
Maya grinned. "It's almost lunchtime, but fine… let's go with the morning."     
Talia glanced over their guests to notice, "I see some people are missing."     
Maya lifted her chin proudly. "Out of twenty people, seven found their mates last night. Sandy, Tyler, Amelia, and Liam sent them to the Midnight Guardians pack last night. Sandy took Tyler to spend some time with her family. As for the thirteen remaining singles..." Maya gestured at people in the garden. "We are taking them to Darkbourne for lunch and some swimsuit shopping, and then for an outing by the lake. I expect to thin this number further."     
"And we are happy to report that we had no incidents last night," Pierce added.     
Talia put her hand over her chest. "Seven mated couples in one evening? That's fantastic!" She turned to Damon. "How about we join them by the lake in the afternoon?"     
Damon agreed. Other than relaxing, the morale of pack members will improve when they see that their Alpha and Luna are getting along well.     
"Great!" Maya exclaimed. "With the boost from Malia services, the rest of them will find their mates in no time!" She continued to Talia in a lower voice, "You should ask Axel to send us more people. I'm coordinating with Tanya, Kalina, and Michelle a mixer for singles in four days, and at this rate, we won't have any singles left."     
Talia shook her head helplessly. Why did Maya lower her voice when every werewolf could hear her clearly? But she didn't refute Maya's words because thirteen pairs of eyes were looking at her expectantly. It was obvious that Maya told them about Talia's mate-matching abilities.     
###Chapter 828: Story of empty promises
Chapter 828: Story of empty promises
Damon and Talia stood in front of the modest home on the outskirts of Darkbourne.         
Talia was nervous. What if the people inside start cursing her and tell her to leave?     
The door opened, and a middle-aged man bowed with, "Alpha, Luna."     
Talia's heart tightened at the sight of a man she saw at the Summer Solstice festival. That was Lulu's father, and they called him chef Page. Talia saw him only a few months ago, yet he looked like he aged a decade.     
"No need for formalities, Page. We came here to see how you are doing," Damon said.     
"I am honored. Please, come in."     
Talia and Damon stepped into the house that immediately opened into a living room. There was one sofa, two sofa chairs, and a coffee table. Straight ahead was a kitchen with a dining area, and there was a small hallway on the right.     
Talia swallowed a pinch in her throat at the sight of a fireplace that had Lulu's large photo with a black ribbon at the edge. There were many smaller photos of Lulu around it, from her early childhood and teen years, and then there were few with Lulu as an adult. At the bottom of the fireplace were one teddy bear, a worn-out doll, and several vases with fresh flowers.     
"Can I see the photos?" Talia asked, unsure if she was worthy of going there.     
"No need to ask, Luna," Page responded respectfully and gestured toward the fireplace.     
Talia walked closer to observe photos, and she heard Damon asking, "How are things, Page? Do you need any help?..." Two men talked, but Talia's ears were buzzing, and she didn't hear them.     
More than those photos, Talia saw Lulu in her mind, smiling, arguing, and then that prideful expression that made everyone wonder if they should challenge her.     
Talia remembered the moment when Damon said they could be her guards. Keith stepped forward first, accepting his role, and Lulu was second. After that, Lulu didn't voice her loyalty, but her actions were not lacking. Why did Talia doubt her?      
"Are you OK?" Damon's voice sounded close to Talia's ear, startling her.     
She didn't notice when he came behind her.     
Talia wanted to say she was fine, but she knew that Damon could sense her emotions, and he would see through her.     
Instead of answering his question, Talia pointed at one photo. It was young Lulu, maybe around ten years old, with a woman by her side.     
"Is this Lulu's mother?" Talia guessed. There was some resemblance between the two.     
"Yes. That's Dove." Page responded.     
Damon thought how that was odd. He didn't remember Dove as a pack member, but maybe she joined while his father was the Alpha. He was embarrassed to admit that he didn't know much about Lulu's personal life, but he still asked, "Does she live here?"     
"No. She left us a long time ago. It was just Lulu and me."     
Talia's heart cracked.     
"Page, I…" Talia exhaled a shaky breath. "I am so sorry for your loss. Lulu was an amazing she-wolf. She died while saving my life, and I will always be grateful for her sacrifice. I know that there is nothing I can do to make it up to you, but if I can help you in any way, just let me know."     
Page smiled sadly. "Lulu would be happy to hear those words, Luna. There is one thing you could do."     
Talia blinked while wondering what he would ask for.     
"Can you tell everyone that Lulu was a good person?"         
Talia didn't have any problem with that, but… "Why would anyone think bad of Lulu?"     
Page released a slow breath. "Lately, Lulu was troubled. She told me that everyone took a blood oath, and she didn't. Rumors spread quickly, and some people asked her if she was planning to betray you. Lulu endured, too prideful to admit why she didn't do it, but I knew she was troubled by it." He turned to look at the photo with Lulu and her mother. "Dove was the reason why Lulu…" He paused. "Do you want to hear Lulu's story?"     
"Yes, please," Talia responded right away.     
Page gestured toward the sitting area and offered them drinks. Damon and Talia settled on the sofa, and Page brought them water before sitting on the sofa chair.     
"I met Dove more than two decades ago," Page started his story. "I was on a mission to check for rogue activity in the area, and I stopped by the human town where I met her. Dove was the most beautiful she-wolf I had ever seen." He smiled bitterly. "That's how the mate bond works. I remember fearing she was a rogue and if we were doomed for failure, but she didn't smell like one."     
He released a long breath before continuing, "Dove was carried away by the mate bond, just how I was, and everything was great, except that she refused to come with me. Dove said she had a life in human town, and she couldn't just disappear. I would visit her whenever I could. She had a single-bedroom apartment and…" He shook his head. "That's not important. I was delighted when we confirmed she was pregnant with a pup. At that time, she agreed to come with me. I thought it would be forever, and I had no idea that Dove had different plans."     
Page stopped talking. Damon and Talia stayed silent, waiting for Page to gather his thoughts. It was obvious this was emotional for him.     
"It lasted for about half a year. I was blindsided when Dove said she needed to return to human town. Lulu was just a few weeks old then. When I realized she was not talking about just shopping, Dove explained that her vacation time was over, and she didn't want to lose her job. She said this house was small and shabby, and we needed more money and… Anyway, she left."     
"Days became weeks, and I was angry that Dove was not coming back. Lulu needed her mother. I went to look for her and… I found out she had a man there. He was human. Dove panicked, thinking I would kill him, and I almost did."     
Page's expression darkened.     
"Dove said she was with him from before we met, and he was taking care of her, and I realized that my aches when we were apart were because my mate was unfaithful. In a fit of anger, I rejected the bond, and I forced her to accept it. I thought I will die, but Lulu's existence kept me afloat. My wolf weakened, ending my career as a warrior."     
He rubbed his face with force and then continued, "I thought I will never see Dove again, but she came to visit for Lulu's first birthday. I didn't have the heart to chase her away when I saw Lulu smiling at her. I didn't know if it was Dove's guilt, mother's instinct, or maybe she just wanted to torture me, but Dove would visit occasionally, always bringing presents. As time passed and Lulu became aware of her surroundings, Lulu noticed that other kids had both parents, yet her mother was not around. Lulu started asking Dove why she didn't live with us, like other mothers, and Dove would always say it will happen next time."     
Page looked at Talia and Damon seriously. "Lulu grew up listening to empty promises. Her mother would show up for birthdays and holidays, coming with a smile and expensive toys and clothes, and leaving Lulu with a broken heart. Lulu was a teenager when she confronted her mother. Lulu said that she was tired of lies and that if Dove had no intention to be a mother, she was not welcome."     
He smiled sadly. "Lulu burned all the gifts Dove ever gave her. Lulu said she didn't need trinkets and promises. She wanted her mother."     
Talia was glad that Damon's hand held firmly on her shoulder like he was preventing her from falling apart. Talia knew very well what it meant to grow up without a family. The comforting thought was that Lulu had a loving father. Unfortunately, that same father was now grieving Lulu's death. How could Talia not feel responsible?     
"Lulu was a good child," Page said. "She channeled her frustration into training and studying. Lulu loved this pack, and she was honored to be your guard, Luna. To her, it was recognition of her efforts. Lulu hated empty promises, and she was determined to prove her loyalty with actions."     
Talia felt a lump in her throat. "Lulu was an amazing warrior and a great friend. She was loyal to the pack, and she died an honorable death. I will make sure everyone knows that. "     
Page bowed his head. "Thank you, Luna."     
His shoulders shook, and Talia's vision blurred from tears that streamed down her cheeks as they cried silently.      
###Chapter 829: An emotional Luna
Chapter 829: An emotional Luna
After visiting Lulu's father, Talia's mood was low. She was emotional and on the verge of crying, and Damon insisted they go to the lake.         
If they were alone, she would dissolve into crying again. Talia started the day with crying after listening to her mother's message, and then the waterworks continued when they visited Page.     
That much crying can't be good for anyone, and Damon was desperate to distract Talia.     
It was a warm, sunny afternoon, and the beach was packed. People played volleyball and badminton, relaxed in the sun, and many heads bobbed in the water. Laughter and cheers were heard from every direction, and the mood was uplifting.     
Maya and Caden coordinated to free up a section for the newcomers that included towels, a shade below the canopy, and fruits and drinks as refreshments.     
Damon was pleased to see a smile on Talia's face.     
Talia was amused while listening to Maya's narration of how she needed to explain swimsuits to newcomers. In the Midnight Guardians pack, everyone is a werewolf, and they have no problem with nudity. Newcomers didn't understand why they needed to cover up certain parts of their bodies and how that was related to humans.     
Talia's mood improved when three more members of the Midnight Guardians pack found their mates on the beach.     
Amelia and Liam were right there to take three couples to the packhouse where Amelia set up a teleporting diagram. Amelia, Liam, Keith, and Caleb escorted newly mated couples to the Midnight Guardians pack and then returned to the Dark Howlers pack to see if more mated couples needed moving.     
One male from the Midnight Guardians pack found his mate earlier that day in Darkbourne. With these three latest couples, eleven out of twenty people who came from the Midnight Guardians pack found their mates.     
"Maybe I should listen to Maya's advice and ask Axel to send us more people," Talia mused. "I was hoping they will find their mates soon, but this is super-fast."     
Damon was happy to see that she was thinking about something other than Lulu.     
"Maybe we should bring some witches here as well," Damon suggested.     
Talia didn't think it was a good idea. "Evanora didn't seem happy when Amelia left with Liam. I don't want her to hate us. We can bring some people with us when we go to visit next time."     
Damon liked that idea, but… "The more people we take there, the more will know where the portal is." They can't go knocking out and blindfolding everyone. It was not practical. "We need to make people in this realm aware of witches and abilities and get them to accept it as normal. That won't happen if we only have people going there."     
Talia and Damon talked about this before. It was a long-term plan of assimilating witches into society, and it would take years, decades maybe. However, now that the danger of Guardians was looming above them, they needed to speed up the process.     
Talia wanted to say something else, but she didn't want to risk others overhearing them, so she continued talking to Damon through their mind-link, 'We should also discuss with Max, Tony, and Cristian how to alert our people about Guardians. If our people are unaware of dangers, they will walk right into them.'     
Damon agreed on how that must be done. 'I will contact them to schedule a meeting. We should also find a way to invite George and James.'     
Talia agreed. George was an Alpha, and James was the smartest guy around. 'Cornelia comes here every day. We can use that to send information on Guardians to James. That will give him time to brainstorm ideas before we meet. Or if he cannot attend the meeting, he can give his inputs beforehand.'     
'I love how your mind works, kitten.'     
Damon leaned to kiss her cheek, and then he started feeding her strawberries that Maya had placed nearby.     
Talia looked at Damon helplessly. He looked at her with sparkles in his eyes like no worries in the world. She wished that she could disconnect like that.      
Talia moved closer to Damon and leaned on him. Sparks of their bond prickled her skin wherever they touched, calming her anxiety; the sweet strawberries and Damon's undivided attention helped.     
Talia looked around to see the crowd relaxing on the beach. She felt a sense of pride at the sight of many smiles. Those people were enjoying their carefree time because their leaders ensured their safety.     
Talia hoped they will be able to repel the dangers and allow their people to keep smiling.     
…         
It was late afternoon when Damon and Talia returned to their room.     
Talia paused when she saw a deep blue dress on the mannequin in the middle of the bedroom. It was a skater dress with a plunging V-neck neckline. The skirt ended at the knee level and it would be sport-ish if not for the silky material that made it elegant.     
Talia looked below the dress to see matching shoes.     
"Are we going somewhere?" Talia asked Damon.     
Damon smiled mysteriously. "We have a reservation for dinner for two at the Medallion." He winked. "Get ready, or we might be late."     
Talia's eyes widened. She heard that the Medallion was the fanciest restaurant in the human town. Maya was complaining about how Caden needed to book their anniversary dinner months in advance.     
"What are we celebrating?" Talia asked.     
"Do I need a reason to treat my mate well?" Damon moved toward Talia in slow, steady steps, and he stopped when their bodies nearly touched. "You are the most precious person in my life, Talia Blake. I don't need a special occasion to celebrate because every day with you is my best day ever."     
Since finding out about her identity as Alpha Natalia Moonrider, Talia loved it when Damon called her Talia Blake. It told her that he didn't care about her status or background.      
Talia's chin shivered. There were days when she wondered if she would ever find her mate, and she hoped that he would be proud to have her in his life, and here was Damon, the most exquisite male specimen, saying that every day with her was his best ever. Can he be any sweeter?     
"Hey, hey…" Damon said while cupping her cheeks. His expression showed panic. "I wanted to put a smile on your face and not make you cry." The day started with crying, and it seemed that Talia didn't completely bounce back. Talia was emotional, and if she was not crying, tears were waiting to spill again.     
Talia sniffled and gave him an ugly smile. "I am happy, Damon. I really am. Can we go for dinner with all the things going on?"     
He gave her a smacking kiss on the lips. "If you are happy, show me you are happy. Guests from the Midnight Guardians pack have company, the world won't collapse tonight, and I need you to shower and get ready." Normally, Damon would join her in the shower, but then the shower would take a while, and they would be late. "Zina will be here in fifteen minutes to fix your hair."     
Talia blinked. "Zina will do my hair? It sounds fancy."     
"Mhm," Damon confirmed with a hum. "She will do your hair while I shower." He held onto her shoulders and turned her to face the bathroom door. "Go, go, go!"     
###Chapter 830: A romantic dinner
Chapter 830: A romantic dinner
Talia enjoyed their ride to the human town.         
For her, Damon's black armored Lexus SUV was filled with many happy memories, like a lovey-dovey capsule.     
Talia enjoyed the way Damon held her hand while driving. His hold was firm yet gentle, and he caressed the back of her palm with his thumb. And then he would pull her hand higher to kiss her knuckles, and his breath fanning her fingers made her all tingly.     
Talia couldn't stop staring at Damon. He was dressed up as well.     
Damon was extra handsome in a dark blue suit that fit him perfectly. His hair was sleeked back, and his spellbinding visual was enhanced by the shadows that formed under the streetlights flashing as the car moved. The scent of his aftershave mixed with the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate, and Talia sighed dreamily. Was that really her mate? It was surreal.     
Damon's lips lifted into a smile. He knew she was watching him, and he loved it.     
Damon gave the car keys to the valet, and he made his way to the other side of the car to open the door for Talia.     
"You look beautiful tonight," Damon murmured as she stepped out of the car.     
His eyes were drawn to his mark on her neck. That right there was proof she was his.     
The blue skater dress fit her perfectly, and her high-heeled shoes made her legs look longer. Talia had light makeup on, and Damon loved that her hair was lifted up to reveal her neck. Zina braided Talia's hair with thin silver ribbons to make it resemble a crown.     
Damon loved Talia's outfit, but if it were up to him, he would take her to a nearby hotel and rip that dress into shreds because no dress could match the perfection of her naked body. And she was his.     
Damon couldn't wait to return home and spoon her naked. He would lift her leg up and slide inside her wet heat from behind… Damon cleared his throat and wiggled his hips to adjust his hard-on.     
Talia shot him a side-glance and giggled. She could feel his lust level rising, and she was happy to know that she had that effect on him.     
Neither of them enjoyed these formal events in public because they couldn't be naked, and they had to behave, but the thrill of waiting to return to privacy was what made their intimacy more intense.     
Talia and Damon were escorted into a private room with dark wooden walls and red accents.     
Only one table was in the room; it could seat ten people, but it was set up for two. Flowers, candles, and soft music from the speakers in the ceiling made it romantic.     
The server was a female wearing a white shirt and a black pencil skirt. She had a nametag that said "Camila".     
Camila's hair was lifted into the neatest high bun Talia had ever seen. Not a single hair was out of place.     
Camila showed them to their seats, and then she gestured at the door to the right. "That's your private bathroom. Only people in this room can use it." She gestured toward the digital display on the table. "You can place your order here or call staff…"     
Talia frowned at the server, who was ogling at Damon. Well, If Camila were a she-wolf, she would feel Talia's hostility and recognize that mark on Damon's neck, which was a sign he was taken. Unfortunately, that female was human, and she probably thought that Damon had a cool tattoo.     
Talia gritted her teeth when she realized that Camila was talking only to Damon like Talia was not there.     
Camila ended her talk about the drink menu with, "Let me know if you need something, Mr. Blake."     
"A male server," Talia said.     
Camila didn't expect this. "Excuse me?"     
"You heard me."     
The female glanced at Damon nervously. To her horror, Damon didn't spare her a glance.         
"You heard my wife. A male server." Seeing that she didn't move, Damon added, "Or you can call your manager. Your choice."     
Camila took two steps back, and then she scurried out of the private room.     
Damon took Talia's hand into his and kissed her knuckles. "Don't allow random nobodies to spoil the mood, kitten. Whatever you want, let me know. I will take care of it."     
He wanted to go after that female and slap some sense into her. Damon brought Talia here to fix her mood, not to make it worse!     
Damon was relieved to see that their drinks were brought in by a tall slim server with a nametag that said "Adam".     
Adam asked if they had questions about the menu, and Damon looked at Talia.     
"Everything looks great," Talia said.     
Talia was in the mood to try something new, so she asked, "What do you recommend?"     
Adam bobbed his head. Patrons of the Medallion were all with deep pockets. Since he started working, Adam learned that when patrons ask for recommendations, that was his chance to earn extra tips.     
He started talking about steaks and some exotic meals Talia had never heard of, but she picked up his excitement when he spoke about the house special that came with a chef cooking in front of customers. Talia thought how that was novel.     
"Can we get that?"     
Damon smiled dotingly. "We can get whatever you want." If she wanted, he would buy her the whole restaurant.     
Two servers came in next, pulling with them carts with ingredients, utensils, and various containers, and then an older man entered their room while pushing in front of him a portable stove with a grill.     
He didn't have a nametag, but it said, "Main Chef", and Talia understood that was his position in the Medallion. The way servers treated him with respect told her that he was someone important.     
He fired up the stove, and Talia watched with amusement as he chopped, tossed, and mixed ingredients. It reminded her of cooking shows on TV.     
Their meal started with salmon rolls that were creamy and lemony, perfect for stirring the appetite.     
As usually, Damon was feeding Talia, not allowing her to touch the food with her hands.     
Next was the spinach soup that was filled with herbs, and it smelled delicious. Talia smacked her lips at the rich flavors that danced on her tongue, and Damon inched closer to lick a drop that hung at the corner of her lips.     
If the cook and his two assistants were surprised to see how Damon treated Talia, they concealed it well.     
Talia allowed Damon to spoil her completely. She looked at him with sparkles in her eyes and opened her mouth obediently for the soup, salad, shrimp balls, wild rice with vegetables, grilled steak with mango sauce, and whatever else he put in front of her mouth. It was all delicious.     
"Which one is your favorite?" Damon asked when they finished the last meal. Only dessert was left.     
"Everything was delicious," Talia said honestly.     
They were sipping sparkling water with lemon to clean their taste buds while preparing for dessert. The cook was flambeeing tropical fruits before putting them on top of vanilla ice cream, and then he drizzled it all with melted chocolate.     
Talia felt saliva pooling in her mouth. She hoped that the dessert tasted as good as it looked.     
###Chapter 831: Poisoned?
Chapter 831: Poisoned?
The bowls with desserts were placed in front of Talia and Damon, and Talia rotated the bowl while enjoying the visual of that culinary masterpiece.         
Damon smiled while looking at Talia whose eyes were sparkling, and he knew she was happy. He gave himself a mental thumbs up for organizing this evening. The princess treatment and delicious food managed to improve Talia's mood, and that was all he wanted.     
Just the dessert was left, and they will move to their next destination.     
After dinner, Damon planned for a relaxing walk by the river. They would hold hands and enjoy the city lights reflecting in the water, Talia will lean on him, he will whisper sweet words, and it will be perfect.      
Unaware of Damon's thoughts, Talia inched closer to the dessert. She took a deep breath, inhaling the scent of charred fruits that still had a hint of liquor. It was novel.     
Without any warning, Talia's stomach churned.     
After a second of hesitation, Talia dashed into the bathroom, leaving behind confused Damon, the main chef, and his two assistants.     
Damon was right behind Talia, wondering what happened. One moment she was smiling at the dessert, and the next one she ran like the devil was chasing her.     
Damon's insides tightened when he saw Talia hugging the toilet bowl while her dinner was coming out the same way it got in, in violent gushes.     
Damon hovered above Talia, unsure what to do. Her whole body was convulsing and if he hugged her or pulled her away, she would vomit all over the place.     
"Is the Miss alright?"     
Damon whipped his head toward the door to see the main chef and his two helpers there.     
Why would Talia be sick suddenly? Did they poison the food?     
Considering that Talia was a werewolf, this extreme reaction could be caused only if wolfsbane was mixed in the food.      
Before anyone could react, Damon was gripping the chef's neck, lifting him off the ground.     
"What did you put in the food? Who sent you!?"     
Damon could think about a few potential culprits right away. Was it Alpha Edward? Rogues? Guardians?     
So many people wanted to harm him or Talia, but how could they know that Damon will bring Talia here? He booked this dinner only a few hours ago! Damon called favors and paid extra to make it happen on such short notice and to keep everything secretive. For someone to set up this ambush would be improbable, but not impossible.     
The chef's legs dangled in the air. He didn't expect to be attacked, but even if he suspected it, there would be no way for him to avoid this.      
Damon moved faster than human eyes could follow.     
The poor chef tried to pry Damon's hand open, but it was in vain. Damon's grip was unyielding.     
"What did you do to her!?" Damon squeezed through his teeth as fury consumed him.     
'FLUSHHHHH!'     
Damon didn't react when Talia flushed the toilet.     
'I am fine…' Talia's voice sounded in his mind.     
Damon's head whipped to look at her. She was pale as a sheet of paper, crouching while holding onto the toilet bowl. He wanted to go there and comfort her, but first, he needed to cancel the cook's life subscription.         
Anyone who dares to harm Talia will not find a good ending.     
'How is that fine?' Damon asked.     
'I mean… I am not poisoned.'     
Damon's brows came together in confusion. 'If you are not poisoned, why are you puking your guts out?'     
Talia wiped her mouth with the back of her palm. 'I think…' She took a deep breath and used her voice to say, "I'm pregnant."     
'A pup! A PUP!' Sapa howled in Damon's head and Damon stood frozen as Talia's last word echoed in his mind.     
Damon's whole world narrowed to the little woman in front of him.     
"Say that again," Damon said breathily.     
Talia glanced at the main chef whose face was turning from red to purple. "How about you release the man before you commit murder?"     
The main chef plopped to the ground and coughed violently while his two helpers dragged him away from Damon.     
In two quick steps, Damon was next to Talia, getting down to a squat to stare at her. "What did you say, kitten? Did I hear you right?"     
Talia smiled a little. "I think I'm pregnant."     
"You think?"     
Talia shook her head. "I don't think. I know."     
'THUNK!'     
Damon fell to his knees with so much force that Talia worried if he shattered his kneecaps.     
Damon cupped Talia's cheeks with his palms and his eyes anxiously explored every inch of her face, as if he was trying to confirm that this was really happening.     
"A pup," Damon said under his breath, and then he kissed her on the lips.     
Talia struggled to push him away. She just vomited, and it was gross, but Damon didn't care. He loved every inch of Talia, regardless of how dirty or smelly it was.     
Damon wrapped his arms around Talia and pulled her to sit on his lap.     
They sat like that, on the floor of the restroom while holding each other in silence. They didn't talk. There was no need for words.     
Damon and Talia opened up their bond to share emotions that matched. Excitement, joy, anxiousness, love. There was a lot of love. It was surreal.     
Damon turned his head to the right when a hubbub of people entered their private room.     
It was the manager, the main chef, two helpers, and a few other people. They looked around before all following the manager into the bathroom where Talia and Damon were.     
The manager was visibly troubled.         
"Uhm… Mr. Blake… Our main chef says that you nearly killed him. Do you mind explaining what's going on?"     
They would call the cops right away if Damon was not such a high-profile customer. He paid for one room like he was booking the whole restaurant.     
Damon grinned. "She is pregnant."     
The manager was confused. "Is that why you nearly killed our chef?"     
Damon glanced at the man who covered behind his manager.     
"Nearly killed him? I don't NEARLY do anything. If I wanted to kill him, he would be dead," Damon said like it was a totally normal thing. "Now, if you want to extort money or extra tips, there is no need for that. Just put it on the tab. Or feel free to call the police. In either case, stop spoiling our moment."     
The manager didn't know how to deal with this, so he stared at Damon and Talia for a few long seconds, nodded, and left the room. Other people followed the manager gingerly.     
"Will they cause you trouble?" Talia asked.     
Damon pressed his lips on her temple. "Don't worry about it, kitten. We have money, and if they call the police, I just need to make a call and the report will disappear."     
If these were werewolves, Damon would use his aura to remind them who is in charge. Unfortunately, humans required a different approach.     
Talia was relieved to see that no one stopped them when they were leaving the Medallion, and there were no police either. She was not worried that something might happen to Damon. She was worried about humans. If anyone dared to stand in their way, Damon might really kill someone.      
###Chapter 832: Royal Hilton hotel
Chapter 832: Royal Hilton hotel
Damon drove his black armored Lexus SUV in silence.         
Talia enjoyed the way he held her hand pressed on his chest like he was telling her she was close to his heart.     
The lights of the downtown flickered as the car moved smoothly over the highway, and Talia realized that was not the way to the packhouse.     
"Where are we going?"     
Damon smiled mysteriously. "You will see."     
Talia relaxed in her seat and let him have it. She didn't care where they were going, as long as they were together.     
Damon and Talia used this peaceful drive to process the news: they will be parents!     
Damon couldn't believe how excited he was at the thought of becoming a father. The thought of his seed growing in Talia's belly filled him with pride. Talia was the most amazing female he ever met, and he knew that there will never be another woman like Talia. And she was his. Will he be a good father? Damon was recollecting events with his father, and he decided to create happy memories for his child also.      
Talia soaked in Damon's presence which wrapped her in safety and assurance that things will be alright. Motherhood seemed distant and daunting, but something told her that as long as she was with Damon, things will work out. If they had a boy, Damon will teach him how to be a fantastic Alpha, and if it's a girl, she will be their little princess.     
…     
Talia craned her neck to look up when Damon stopped the car in front of a massive building that had a sign "Royal Hilton". It was the most exclusive hotel in town, and the grand entrance spoke of luxury.     
Damon's original plan was a romantic walk by the river, but considering the news he just received, he decided on something more relaxing.     
Talia smiled at the sight of Damon holding his hand for her to take while exiting the car. He would always do that, but this time his expression was more gentle, making her all mushy on the inside.      
"Ah!" Talia exclaimed when Damon scooped her into his arms without any warning. She couldn't believe that he carried her princess style into the hotel.     
The massive entrance hall had tall pillars and fancy paintings of old-style aristocrats decorating the walls.     
It was late in the evening, but there were people in the lobby, most of them staring at the spectacle of Talia being carried.     
'You can keep me down,' Talia spoke to Damon through their mind link.     
'No,' he responded with finality while tightening his hold on her. He really wanted to hold her.     
Damon walked to the reception desk where two females were standing, both staring at Damon and wondering who Talia was. They were dressed up, and women guessed they were celebrities or maybe second-generation heirs.      
"Presidential suite for the night," Damon said.     
The woman's eyes widened. "Excuse me, sir. That suite is taken."     
Damon frowned, and the second receptionist said, "We require reservations…"     
She stopped talking when Damon threw his black card on the counter.     
The first receptionist cleared her throat while reaching for the black card with her fingers elegantly. "As I was saying, the presidential suite is taken, but our royal suite is available."     
Damon nodded in approval. "We will take it."     
About a minute later, Damon exited the elevator on the top floor of the hotel.          
Talia swiped the card key, and Damon carried her into a one-bedroom suite.     
They had a bedroom, a kitchen, a spa-like bathroom, and a living area with a minibar, but the most impressive were wide windows that offered panoramic views of the town from the thirty-first floor.     
Damon placed Talia to sit on the sofa in the living area.     
Damon removed her shoes while asking, "Are you comfortable? Do you need something?"     
"Why are we here, Damon?" Talia asked. She thought they will return to the packhouse.     
"I wanted us to be alone tonight. Just the two of us. No distractions."     
Talia thought how that was wonderful. She loved being alone with Damon. In the forest or in a luxurious hotel.     
Sensing Talia's approval, he gave her a quick kiss on the lips.     
"Wait here, while I start the water in the tub. We will start with a bubble bath, and then..." His voice trailed, making Talia's heart flutter.     
Talia watched as Damon hurried to the bathroom with a spring in his step. He was happy, and she was happy as well.     
Talia placed her palms over her perfectly flat belly. A baby.     
Talia read that an increased sense of smell and fluctuating emotions were early signs of pregnancy, but she didn't know if those symptoms were because Damon's mark was becoming more solid, because she was pregnant, or maybe she wished to be pregnant and all that was just in her head.     
Talia didn't dare jump to conclusions, so she decided to take a pregnancy test secretly if her symptoms stay the same or worsen. Talia picked next Monday as a test day.     
She didn't expect that the scent of charred fruits will make her vomit.     
Talia was panicked in the restaurant, and between hurls, she asked Liseli what was going on, and then Liseli responded with, 'a baby,' dispelling Talia's doubts about what was happening.     
Now that they got into a hotel and Damon was busy in the bathroom, Talia asked Liseli, 'Why didn't you tell me I'm pregnant?'     
Liseli was outraged. 'Hello? Did you forget that you told me to keep quiet about it?'     
Talia remembered it. She didn't want to be disappointed if she was not pregnant.     
'What if I drank wine or beer? Wouldn't that harm the baby?'     
'You were not drinking alcohol,' Liseli responded matter-of-factly. 'But even if you did, a glass here or there won't cause any harm. Your healing will protect the pup.'     
'A pup?' Talia asked. 'Does that mean I'm carrying one child?'     
'Yes,' Liseli confirmed. 'Do you want to know if it's a boy or a girl?'     
'No, no.' Talia was quick to say. 'Don't tell me.'     
Liseli rolled her eyes. 'Take a note on this, girl. You told me not to tell. I don't want to hear complaints later.'     
Talia giggled nervously. 'It doesn't matter if it's a boy or a girl. He or she will be loved the same.'         
Liseli agreed.     
'Lis? Is this the time to have a baby?' So many people were after her. And even if she manages to deliver her baby safely… 'What if I'm a horrible mother?'     
'It's never the right time for a baby, Talia,' Liseli responded seriously. 'Children are a blessing. If it's not your time to be a mother, the Moon Goddess wouldn't allow it to happen. Trust in her, and trust in yourself. I will be by your side, and so will your mate. You are not alone…'     
Liseli was still talking, but Talia was stuck on the 'not alone' part. It meant the world to her.     
Damon came out of the bathroom and his expression fell. He dashed to Talia and kneeled by her side to wipe her teary cheeks with his palms.     
"What happened, kitten? Are you unwell? Should I take you to a doctor?"     
Talia shook her head. "I am fine, Damon."     
"Why are you crying?"     
"I am happy," she said. "We will have a baby and… I am not alone."     
Damon's heart cracked. "Of course, you are not alone, kitten. I will never leave your side."      
###Chapter 833: A new life (1)
Chapter 833: A new life (1)
When Talia calmed down, Damon kissed each of her cheeks.         
"Don't cry, kitten. It might harm our baby."     
Talia sniffled. "It can?"     
"I'm sure she is listening and thinking I'm bullying you. That counts as emotional damage."     
Talia was amused that Damon spoke about their baby as a 'she'. "Are you afraid that your son will think badly of you?"     
"Daughter," Damon corrected Talia. "I want her to know I would never hurt her mother." He leaned lower and spoke into Talia's belly. "I won't allow anyone to put a finger on you. I will spoil you so that you know not to accept a man who will do less."     
Talia felt him pressing his face into her stomach, and he mumbled something she didn't understand, but she knew that Damon was making promises about keeping them safe, and there were some kisses in there as well.     
Talia's insides melted due to emotions that swelled within her, and she felt her eyes prickling again.     
Damon looked up at her and his smile reflected in his eyes.     
"Come. Let's relax in a warm bath." Damon said while carrying Talia into the bathroom.     
Damon placed Talia stand next to the tub that was full of bubbles, and he started removing her clothes.     
Talia was surprised that Damon was undoing the buttons and zipper carefully. He had a habit of tearing her clothes, no matter how expensive they were.     
She was quick to work on the buttons of his shirt, and they undressed each other in silence.     
A soft sigh escaped Talia's lips when she settled in the tub between Damon's legs while leaning her back on his chest. She was glad that he came up with this bubble bath idea because it was relaxing, and that was exactly what she needed.     
Damon poured water on Talia's shoulders and gently massaged her arms. She enjoyed the pampering.     
"What does Sapa say about us having a baby?" Talia asked after some time.     
"He was so happy that I think he passed out."     
"And you?"     
Seconds passed, and Damon didn't respond. Talia turned so she could see his face, and her breath hitched when she saw his eyes sparkling with unshed tears.     
"I am so happy that I ran out of words," he said.     
Talia's heart tightened. It meant the world to know that she could make him that happy, and she was on the verge of crying again.     
She cupped his cheek with her palm. "There is no need for words, Damon. Show me."     
Damon's eyes darted to Talia's lips, and she could see the small frown forming on his handsome face.     
"What's wrong?" She asked.     
"Won't I hurt our baby?"     
Our baby, Talia repeated in her mind. Their baby was probably smaller than a pea, yet Damon was so caring already, and Talia knew he will be the best father ever.         
"You won't hurt our baby."     
"How can you be so sure?"     
Talia heard a lot about pregnancy from Yasmin. "Unless something is wrong already, you can't make it worse. Liseli told me that baby and I are fine, so… at most, our baby will be rocked to sleep." Yasmin also said sex was more intense since she got pregnant, but Talia kept that part to herself.     
A whimper formed in Damon's throat. He wanted to rock much more than a baby. He wanted to rock Talia's world and show her how much he loved her in every way possible.     
Slowly, very slowly, he moved toward her as if he was giving her a chance to change her mind, but he silently prayed that she won't.     
Their lips connected in a deep, sensual kiss, and Talia turned to face him completely with her ankles connecting behind him.     
Damon grabbed her ass and lifted her just enough so he could position her on the top of his cock that was hard and ready for her.     
Talia's moan mixed with his groan when they merged completely.     
The tub was somewhat cramped; the one they had at home was wider, but Damon managed to rock his hips and guide them to the ecstatic release.     
Damon stood up with Talia in his arms, and he carried her to bed, bubbles and all, to continue their carnal dance.     
Their hands were connected with their fingers interlaced, and Damon swallowed her every moan and sigh as their souls melded into one.     
They were not making love; they were strengthening their bond, the bond so beautiful and sacred that the Moon Goddess blessed them with a new life sprouting. It was surreal.     
With his every thrust, they exchanged emotions, relishing the fact that they worshiped each other with equal fervor.     
…     
Talia was running through the forest. It was dark and damp, and even though she couldn't see any enemies, she was confident they were just a few steps behind and closing in.     
The worst part was that she couldn't feel Damon. The bond was gone, completely. She was back to being alone, just how she was before he found her in the attic of the Red Moon pack.     
The loneliness was suffocating, preventing her from running faster as doubts were paralyzing. Why would she run? Maybe she should stop and give up, and bad guys could catch her and end her misery.     
Without Damon, there was no point in fighting. How can she live without her other half?     
Her stomach was heavy, reminding her of pregnancy and that she needed to fight for her child even if Damon was gone from this world.     
Talia gasped for air, and her eyes snapped open to see that the sun was high in the sky. It was close to noon.     
The room was unfamiliar, and she was surrounded by the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate, but the lack of sparks told her Damon was not by her side.     
"Damon?" She called. "DAMON!"     
The bathroom door flung open to reveal completely naked Damon, who still had some shaving cream on his left cheek.     
Damon sensed Talia's distress, and then he heard her calling, so he rushed out. Seeing that she was panicked, Damon looked around the room, and when he confirmed there was no one else, he was quick to climb on the bed and pull her into his embrace.     
"What happened, kitten? Did you have a bad dream?"         
Talia nodded into his chest as her hands moved around him, and she dug her fingers into his back, desperate to confirm that he was right there, next to her. He was not gone. She was not alone.     
"A bad dream," she confirmed. "It was just a bad dream. I couldn't find you. I couldn't sense you. There was darkness and…"     
"Shh…" Damon shushed her. "It's OK, kitten. Just a dream. I am right here. I'm not going anywhere."     
Damon ran his fingers through her hair and kissed her face until she relaxed.     
Damon confirmed that Talia's scent changed a bit. It was still sweet and citrusy, but something else mixed in. It was another layer of sweetness, and he thought it was her perfume, but now he confirmed it wasn't, and he didn't imagine it. Talia's scent was changing because of her pregnancy. His pup was announcing its presence!     
Damon hugged Talia to press her further into him. Their pup!     
###Chapter 834: A new life (2)
Chapter 834: A new life (2)
"Yasmin has bad dreams since she got pregnant," Talia said to Damon. "It's because of hormones and unstable energy flows that are messing with the mind and amplifying insecurities."         
Yes, it must be insecurities, Talia thought. Hormones made her think about the worst things that could happen… like Damon not being around and her needing to raise their child alone, surrounded by enemies. She tightened her hold on him.     
"Good that you know," Damon said, and he took a mental note to talk to Travis and see if they could do something about it.     
Feeling that Talia was desperately clinging to him, Damon assured her, "I won't leave your side, kitten. As long as you need me, I will be right next to you."     
Talia looked up at him. "That means you will be right next to me for a very very very loooooong time."     
He smiled. "I have no ions with that arrangement." Damon kissed her forehead and spoke without pulling back. "Mates are two halves of a whole. We are made to be together, to complete each other. It's the way it should be."     
He moved away to see her face. "How are you feeling? Nausea? Hunger? Should I order something light with ginger tea?"     
"Ginger tea?" Talia asked. She was never much into teas, and she never drank one made of ginger.     
Damon smiled smugly. "I did online research about reducing nausea during pregnancy."     
Talia's heart expanded. A mighty Alpha was finding nausea medicine because she vomited last night. While thinking about that, Talia hoped it was an isolated incident.     
"The food last night was delicious. It was such a waste that I couldn't digest it."     
Damon chuckled. "Don't worry, kitten. There will be plenty of delicious things in the future. How about now? Breakfast? What do you say?"     
Talia refused. "Later. I just woke up."     
Damon hummed in agreement. "Let me know when you are hungry, and we can order."     
"When will we return home?" Talia asked.     
Damon loved that she called it home. "First, we will eat. Until you are ready for food, we can relax and cuddle. But before that…"     
He released Talia from his hold and slid down her body. "I want to say good morning to my baby."     
Damon got down until his head was on the same level as her crotch area. He spread Talia's legs to position himself at the center and stared at her intimate bush.     
Talia inhaled sharply when he licked her clit in one mighty stroke.     
"Dam… Damon." She called shakily. "How is that good morning to the baby?"     
She thought he would talk down there and not lick.     
Damon grinned. "It's a good morning for my mate who is carrying my child." He kissed the inside of her thigh. "I will make you feel good, kitten, and I will do it every morning. Whenever you feel good, our baby will be happy because she will know I adore you. Let me show you how much I love you."     
He buried his face into her.     
"Good morning, sunshine…" Damon mumbled; the vibration of his voice made Talia's body tremble in ecstatic quivers, and then he lapped at her, collecting her love nectar that was sweet and citrusy. His favorite.     
Talia would laugh at Damon's silly antics, but the only thing she could do was moan. Damn, he was good.     
…         
It was late afternoon when Talia and Damon returned to the packhouse.     
Damon turned off the engine of his black armored Lexus SUV. He wanted to go out and open the door for her, but Talia held his hand firmly, indicating that she wanted to stay in the car a bit longer.     
"Is there something on your mind?" Damon asked.     
"It's about the pregnancy. I would like to keep this for ourselves." She had been thinking about it since they left the hotel. Now that she is pregnant, people will know she can't shift into her wolf form, and Damon will be extra-protective of her. She didn't want this to be used against them.     
Damon thought for a moment before responding. "I want you to get a checkup, kitten. If not by Travis, we can go to the human town. But they are humans, so…"     
"Travis is OK," Talia said. She trusted him. "And we can tell Maya and Caden."     
Damon agreed. "Alright. We won't tell anyone else until you are ready."     
Damon and Talia found Maya, Caden, Mindy, and Gideon in the living room. They were snacking on bite-sized appetizers, and the mood was good.     
After they exchanged greetings, Talia asked, "What did we miss?"      
"Three more people from the Midnight Guardians pack found mates!" Maya announced proudly. "We are down to six people. You should contact Axel and ask for more if you didn't already."     
Talia was delighted to hear this news. After so much time without hope, fourteen people found their mates just like that. Normally, it would mean newly mated couples will go to the Midnight Guardians pack and stay there. It was exciting for those who needed to go, but it was also sad because they would leave their friends and family behind. But now, it was different.     
Axel, Talia, and Damon agreed to keep the newly mated couples in the Midnight Guardians pack until their abilities stabilize and they learn to control them. After that, they will get to pick where they want to live. It will strengthen the bond between packs.     
"I will give Axel a call," Talia said. It's been more than a day since they left, and that would be a month for Axel. They probably went to the Silver Flame Coven and returned. Talia was curious to hear if more people found mates.     
Talia glanced at Mindy and Gideon, who were sitting on the sofa so close to each other that any closer and Mindy would end up on Gideon's lap. Talia remembered that they had come out of their seclusion.     
'Is she pregnant?' Talia asked Liseli.     
'Yes.' One word response came.     
Talia's lips lifted into a smile she could not suppress, and Mindy noticed.     
"What?"     
"Do you want to know?" Talia asked.     
Mindy was confused. "Know what?"     
"Oh, oh!" Maya got it. "Talia can sense pregnancy."      
Maya was bouncing in her seat. If Mindy were not pregnant, Talia wouldn't bring it up.     
Mindy and Gideon stared at Talia.     
"Can you sense it now?" Gideon asked breathily, his face red from excitement.     
Talia wiggled her eyebrows and responded with a nod.         
All color drained from Gideon's face, and he became pale as a ghost.     
"Ah!" Mindy shrieked half due to her delight and half because Gideon fell limply on the sofa. Was he about to pass out?     
Mindy slapped Gideon's cheeks. "Why are you overreacting? I was in heat, and considering what we did, it should be expected."     
"Hold me, princess. The world is spinning faster, and I might fall off from it," Gideon said.     
Mindy giggled and hugged him with all her might. "Get a hold of yourself. If anyone sees their mighty Shaman in such a state, they will crack jokes."     
"Shaman or not, I am just a man," Gideon said. "I waited so long that I lost hope I will find my other half and have a family, and…" He inhaled a shaky breath. "Then you showed up and proved that I was an idiot for thinking that the Moon Goddess forgot about me. She was taking extra time in creating you so that you are perfect inside and out."     
Mindy smiled foolishly at Gideon. How could he talk so sweetly with all the audience?     
###Chapter 835: The secret is out
Chapter 835: The secret is out
Talia, Damon, Maya, and Caden pretended not to see Mindy and Gideon kissing like no one was watching.         
Gideon groaned and Maya rolled her eyes while suppressing giggles that were bubbling in her stomach.     
"You are next," Talia said to Maya. "Are you making plans for your time off?"     
"Caden has it all figured out," Maya said.     
Maya was smiling, but the truth was that she was anxious. She had heat a few times since Caden marked her but a baby didn't happen. Maya and Caden told themselves that the timing was not right, the Dark Howlers pack needed them as their Betas, but those were just excuses after they found out that Maya was not pregnant.     
Maya hoped that Talia had the power to fix whatever was wrong because most of the couples got pregnant during their first heat and by the second one nearly everyone had a baby. What if she can't have a baby? Will Caden love her less?     
"Oy!" Caden exclaimed, and Maya jolted.     
"Maybe you should take that home!" Caden grumbled.     
Gideon's hand was under Mindy's shirt, and it was getting steamy.     
Werewolves are licentious and without shame, but this was the living room of the packhouse with people right there!     
Gideon groaned in displeasure when Caden popped their lovey-dovey bubble. He was hard and ready and… this was not the place!     
"How about we move to one of the guest bedrooms?" Gideon said to Mindy like no one else was there.     
Mindy giggled. She gave him a smacking kiss on the lips before straightening her shirt. "Now that we know I'm pregnant, we should see Doctor Travis. Can he do a checkup this early? I also want to call home and tell my family. Maybe we should do something special tonight?"     
There was a silent promise of many pleasures in Mindy's words, and Gideon's throat went dry as his mood was fluctuating.     
He wanted to make it special, but he also wanted to make it NOW! However, he couldn't disappoint his pumpkin-infused princess, so he released a long breath with, "We will do what you want. How about you contact Travis and your family, and I figure out something special for tonight?"     
Mindy agreed.     
She hopped on her feet and hurried to Talia to give her a hug.     
"Thank you, for telling us about the baby," Mindy said.     
"You are welcome," Talia responded with a smile while patting Mindy's back. "You probably shouldn't jump and rush like that. What if you trip and fall and get hurt?"     
Seeing that Mindy didn't move, Talia asked, "Mindy? Are you OK?"     
Mindy sniffed the air around Talia's head. "Why is your scent different?" Mindy inched away and narrowed her eyes at Talia. "You had your heat also. Are you pregnant?"     
Talia gaped at Mindy. It was supposed to be a secret, but it seemed that an Alpha nose was not to be underestimated.     
Talia couldn't lie. "Yes."     
"What!?" Maya shrieked. "You are? When did you find out!?"     
"Last night," Talia admitted guiltily. "We were having dinner and I got sick and… it was pregnancy sickness."     
'CRASH!'         
A loud clatter and glass breaking were heard from the door as Zina dropped the tray from her hands.     
"What did you say? Who is pregnant?", Zina asked breathily.     
"She is," Talia and Mindy said in unison while pointing at each other.     
Talia exhaled helplessly. Now Zina knew also! So much for keeping secrets.     
Zina was hugging Talia and Mindy, and Maya joined in the girly hug while Caden and Gideon patted Damon's shoulder.     
"Alpha pup is a big deal," Shaman said. "We should…"     
"Keep it a secret," Damon interrupted whatever Gideon was about to say next. "We have a lot of enemies, and Talia's condition is delicate. We want to conceal the truth about her condition as long as possible."     
Talia stepped next to Damon and leaned on him. "We hope you will help us."     
"Of course," Zina said right away and gestured like she was locking her mouth.     
She was feeling guilty because everything pointed at her as the source of the information leak that reached rogues about Talia attending Tanya's party with Damon.     
"No need to be so stiff," Talia said while looking at Zina. "We won't be able to conceal this for long, but even if we get a few weeks, we will be grateful." She hoped that she won't vomit randomly because then people will figure it out before her stomach starts showing.     
"Did you think when we will have your Luna ceremony?" Maya broke the silence. "Now that you are pregnant, maybe we should get the ball rolling. If your belly is sticking out, we won't be able to conceal your pregnancy and there will be a lot of people in attendance..."     
Talia's ears started buzzing. The Luna ceremony!     
She didn't care about being a Luna, but she wanted people to acknowledge her as Damon's mate, and that meant as his Luna also.     
"There is nothing wrong with having her ceremony after the pup is born," Damon said and he looked at Talia. "That's only a few months away."     
Talia knew he was saying that because he picked up her anxiety.     
"No. We can't wait five months, Damon." She turned to Maya. "How much time it will take to organize it?"     
Mindy snapped her fingers, to get everyone's attention. "You will become the Luna in the largest pack in North America. It can't be rushed or shabby because people will wonder what we are trying to conceal." She touched her nose. "We can organize it in one month if we hurry. By then, your stomach won't show, and we can pick you a dress that has ruffles in the stomach area."     
Maya shook her head in disapproval. "This is not about the dress, but about her shifting into her wolf after the Luna ceremony. Alpha and Luna will need to lead the pack run."     
"Do we need to?" Talia asked and turned to Gideon. "We led the pack run once. Can that count?"     
Gideon rubbed his forehead. "Elders won't approve. However, with Mindy being pregnant and Maya's upcoming heat, we can twist that into Luna standing with her friends, like you want to support them, while Damon leads the guys."     
Mindy clapped excitedly. "That is a great idea. Let's come up with something special that can get females to stay in human form while guys run."     
Zina's eyes flashed when she got an idea, "How about a competition where guys hunt and females need to bake something?"     
Talia liked this. "If we go with that approach, we don't need to rush. I will pick a ruffly dress, and the ceremony can be held two months from now."     
Damon frowned. "I thought you wanted it to be sooner."         
She thought that also, but with Maya's heat coming, and Mindy being pregnant, Talia couldn't push her friends to focus on organizing her Luna ceremony.     
Gideon cleared his throat before speaking, "First two months are critical for the pup to develop properly. Talia should avoid stress and straining herself."     
Damon's frown deepened as he remembered how skinny Talia was when she arrived. Years of malnutrition and poor living conditions took a toll on her.     
Talia hugged Damon. "I'm not saying that we should wait two months, but let's not rush it either. I will work with Maya and Mindy to come up with timelines on how much time we need to prepare everything, and then Gideon will pick an auspicious date."     
###Chapter 836: A warning
Chapter 836: A warning
The next few days were busy.         
Axel selected (and sent) another batch of people from the Midnight Guardians pack. He reported his success when four out of twenty people he took to the Silver Flame Coven found their mates. Axel suggested that Evanora comes next with a batch of witches to the Midnight Guardians pack, but she refused, so Axel was planning another trip there soon.     
Talia was happy to hear that Yasmin's pregnancy was progressing well, and her stomach was visible now.     
Maya was in charge of organizing events for the newcomers from the Midnight Guardians pack. She took them to the Shifters, and for an outing in Darkbourne, and some of them found their mates. However, keeping them in the territory of the Dark Howlers pack came with limitations on the pool of possible matches, so she decided to take them to other packs.     
Since they couldn't publicize from where the new faces came, Maya decided to take them around for one-day trips where they would attend small-sized mixers with members of other allied packs. It was a slow process, but it still yielded results of a few more mates being matched after every outing.     
Talia told Maya to take it easy, but Maya said it was not a problem. Maya had her reasons. With every passing day, Maya was more nervous about her upcoming heat, and she wanted to keep busy as a distraction.     
Talia worked with Mindy and Maya to identify things that should be done for her Luna ceremony. Decorations, food, entertainment, and the initial guest list. They thought of everything. Next, they talked to Gideon to see about the good dates, and he came up with a few.     
In the end, Talia decided on the next full moon which will be one week after James' birthday. Damon and Talia will spend that weekend in the Red Moon pack, and Talia wanted to use that occasion to reveal herself as Damon's mate. Talia hoped that she won't freeze in the place where she spent most of her life hiding, or when facing the bullies which were the reason why she was hiding.     
Talia and Damon spent a lot of time in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack, handling work from the study or relaxing in the garden.     
Damon enjoyed watching Talia plan for her Luna ceremony, and he would join often to see where they were and to ensure Talia was not overworking herself.     
"We need to pick a present for Ashton," Talia said, pulling Damon from his thoughts.     
He was imagining himself standing at the altar and Talia walking toward him in a beautiful white dress and diamonds in her hair and a dazzling smile that was just for him. It was how he imagined her Luna ceremony. Talia will be his queen, and he will treat her as such, and everyone will see that, and it will be perfect. Why did she talk about that snotty brat who announced that Talia will be his Luna?     
"What present?"     
Talia cocked an eyebrow at Damon. "It's his birthday in two days. We are going, right?"     
Damon frowned. "Do we have to?"     
"Don't tell me you are planning to avoid it. We said we will be going. Besides, it's just a small group of people, and they know we are mates, and…"     
"Alright, alright," Damon said. He knew she was looking forward to this because it's an event only for allies and they won't need to pretend they are not mates.     
It's not that he didn't want to go, but he enjoyed this peaceful time of just two of them. Going outside meant stepping into reality with rogues and Guardians and other enemies, but they couldn't stay inside forever either.     
Damon checked the time and puffed his cheeks.     
"The delegation from the Steelbite pack is coming with their tribute in an hour. I want to ensure they are not skimming us. After that, we can go shopping."     
"I will join you," Talia declared.     
…     
The group from the Steelbite pack arrived in front of a big warehouse with two cars and three trucks.     
It was a tribute they owed the Dark Howlers pack since Cassie caused a scene at Kalina's Luna ceremony. It was the first time when Talia showed her dominance, and Damon loved the memory of Talia standing tall in front of Cassie and Alpha Richard. He was also remembering that event as the one where he and Talia made love for the first time. Ah, the good times!     
The tribute consisted of money and various merchandise that the Steelbite pack produced.     
Damon didn't care much about that merchandise. This was about symbolism. They needed to come in person and bow to him while bringing gifts. It was a good feeling, and he was happy to share it with Talia.         
It was Damon's way of showing Talia that he won't forgive the ones who dared to act against her.     
People from the Steelbite pack were surrounded by warriors and Omegas from the Dark Howlers pack who helped carry the boxes and crates from trucks into a warehouse.     
Damon and Talia were checking the manifest with information on the merchandise when a commotion ensued.     
"I need to talk to your Alpha," a female voice was heard.     
Talia looked that way to see two warriors blocking the path of the newcomer. Damon ordered that no one should approach them, he didn't want to risk Talia's safety.     
The warriors were unyielding. "Our Alpha already spoke to the person in charge. Go back to work."     
She groaned. "This is important."     
"Let her talk," Talia said which earned her a cocked eyebrow from Damon.     
"No one would dare to seek you without a reason," Talia explained to Damon. "It won't hurt to hear what she has to say."     
The female wore baggy clothes that concealed her curves, but her short hair stood out.     
"Thank you for hearing me out," she said.     
"You should thank my Luna," Damon responded icily. "Speak. I don't have much time."     
The female raised her gaze, and Talia and Damon had matching surprised expressions.     
"What do you want, Cassie?" Talia asked sourly. She still remembered that Cassie was clinging to Damon while accusing Talia of stealing (food and a phone) and that Cassie slapped her. None of those were good memories.     
Cassie glanced to the side nervously. "Can we talk in private?"     
"This is the most privacy you will get," Talia said.     
Cassie looked at Damon pleadingly, but his stern expression told her that there was no point in hoping he will treat her better than Talia.     
"My father doesn't know I'm here," Cassie said. "I sneaked in order to see you. I want to deliver a warning."     
"A warning?" Talia asked.     
Cassie nodded and inched closer. "You are going to attend a party in a few days at the Spring Leaf pack. You shouldn't."     
It was not a secret that Ashton will have a birthday party, and it was normal to think Damon and Talia will attend because their packs were friendly with the Spring Leaf pack. But Talia didn't think that Cassie would say such a thing without a reason. Or would she?     
"Why?" Talia asked.     
"Rogues are preparing an attack."     
"How do you know this?" It was Damon who asked.     
"Several Alphas are collaborating on this. My father is one of them. Rogues moved to another location and are being united. Their target is…" Cassie's voice trailed, and she looked at Talia.          
###Chapter 837: A warning (cont.)
Chapter 837: A warning (cont.)
Damon and Talia agreed that Cassie's biggest problem was credibility.         
'We can't deny that she knows things,' Talia spoke to Damon through their private mind-link. 'Did she get her hands on the report from the attack on the Blue River pack?'     
'It's not a secret that rogues are not at their usual locations,' Damon said. 'Alpha Richard shouldn't know that rogues were after you during Tanya's Luna ceremony. Only a few of us knew about it, so Cassie's information might come from the rogues. At the same time, we can't dismiss the possibility of spies in the Blue River pack. Regardless of which one is it, Cassie wouldn't be here without an agenda.'     
Damon was concerned about Cassie's motive. Did she come here to harm Talia?     
Damon put his arms around Talia protectively before asking Cassie, "What's in it for you? Don't tell me you are here from the goodness of your heart."     
Cassie pressed her lips into a line at the sight of Damon hugging Talia.     
Cassie was not delusional. She knew Damon and Talia were mates, and she didn't stand a chance of getting back together with Damon, but Cassie and Damon shared many heated moments, and Cassie gave him her first time, yet he never held her like that. And even after all their history, he was still doubting her. It hurt.     
Cassie swallowed her grievances before speaking. "There is no point in me talking further since you don't believe me. Unless you confirm that my information is valid, you won't negotiate."     
Talia cocked an eyebrow at Cassie. "You want us to negotiate?"     
Cassie shrugged. "Isn't that how things work? You have something I want, and I have information that can make your life easier."     
Talia didn't like this. Assuming they believe Cassie and they miss Ashton's birthday, then what? Why would Cassie prevent them from going there? Were rogues planning to attack the Dark Howlers pack? Or did she come here to swindle Damon into believing her, and then she will harm him?     
Talia wrapped her arms around Damon protectively.     
Cassie's expression turned sour when Talia hugged Damon, and he adjusted his arms to accommodate her there. No matter what Cassie and Damon did in the bedroom, Damon never allowed Cassie to hold him in public.     
"I'm confident that you predicted this outcome," Damon said to Cassie. "You wouldn't be here if you didn't have a way to convince us to collaborate. What do you suggest?"     
"I suggest you believe me, but then… you probably won't." She didn't think this far. Cassie fished a piece of paper from her pocket and gave it to Damon. "You can reach me on this number. No one knows I have this phone. Once you confirm I was telling the truth, give me a call, and we can negotiate. There is more." Cassie gave him a meaningful look. "Much more."     
Damon snorted. "If you have such information, what gives you the confidence I won't interrogate you right now?"     
Cassie's face paled. "You won't do that. I am much more useful as your ally. If you harm me and I am lying, you will provoke the Steelbite pack for no reason."     
And with that, Cassie turned toward the trucks and headed to get another box to carry into the warehouse. It was tough work, but at least no one was scolding or beating her.     
"She could be here on Alpha Richard's orders," Talia said.     
Damon puffed his cheeks. "I agree. However…"     
"We can't dismiss Cassie's warning either." Talia finished Damon's thought. Talia's hand subconsciously moved to her belly. "What will we do?"     
"First, we will warn Cristian about this."     
It was not unusual for rogues to target packs during an event where members from other packs were among guests. Rogues would use the celebratory mood and the fact that outsiders were in the pack to sneak in and cause damage. It was normal to have occasional fights that ended up with injured on both sides. However, now that rogues started grouping together, the situation was serious.     
Talia looked at Damon. "We should see what rogues are up to. Did you hear anything about Steph and Lisa?"     
Damon didn't want to talk about it. Talia was pregnant, and she shouldn't get upset, yet here she was, looking at him with concern while thinking about the bad stuff.     
They had a peaceful few days of handling administrative work and enjoying each other's company, and now this. If he knew that coming here would bring them back to the topic of rogues and other nasty things, he would send Caden to watch over this tribute delivery.         
"Let's talk to Maya about this tonight," Damon said dejectedly.     
Talia looked up at Damon whose expression didn't conceal his displeasure.     
"Damon?" Talia called. "No matter what it is, we will handle it."     
Damon smiled, happy to see the determination in Talia's gaze. "Yes, we will. I won't allow anything to happen to you or our little bean sprouting in your belly."     
Talia's eyes clouded with tears. There was a life growing within her, and it was Damon's and hers, and she couldn't be happier.     
Damon gave her a soft kiss before suggesting, "Let's go to the packhouse and do something to improve the mood." He didn't want to watch people unloading things anymore.     
Talia had a different idea. "Did you forget we need to buy a present for Ashton? Afterward, we can go to the sweetshop and eat some yummy cakes."     
…     
Talia and Damon returned to the packhouse later that afternoon. They finished shopping and eating sweets, and they even brought some cake to keep in the fridge, for later.     
Talia was pleased with the present they got for Ashton. It was a model of a plane that needed assembling, and it could fly while operated remotely (assuming the assembly was done right). It was complicated, but Talia remembered how Ashton was acting like a little adult, so she thought that he would like this gift that's for older kids.     
Damon and Talia still didn't discuss if they would go to the party, but even if they didn't, they would send their gift.     
Talia saw Cinna falling on the floor when Damon knocked it down with the bag he put on the sofa.     
"You are doing that on purpose," Talia called him out. Once or twice might be accidental, but Talia already found Cinna on the floor numerous times, a few times too close to the trash bin, while Blackie was always right where she left him.     
The only one coming here was Rosa, and she wouldn't dare throw their stuff around. That left Damon as the culprit.     
"Doing what?" Damon asked like he had no idea what she was talking about.     
Talia went to pick up the plush toy from the floor. "Don't spoil our child's first toy."     
Damon paused as he realized what Talia was talking about. "You will give that thing to our daughter?"     
"That THING is my first toy. It's a beautiful plush puppy. I want to give her to our baby."     
Damon was glad that Talia was considering giving that wretched toy away, but to their child!? He didn't like it. "Why don't we give Cinna to Ashton?"     
"He is six years old boy. Plush toys are probably boring for him."     
"My daughter's firsts will come from me," Damon squeezed through his teeth with more venom than he intended to let out.     
###Chapter 838: Planning mixers
Chapter 838: Planning mixers
Talia couldn't believe how stubborn Damon was. Sure, Cinna was just a plush puppy, and it was just a toy for their baby, but it was important to Talia as well.         
"Why can't I give something to our child? And why are we talking about me and you like we are separate? And…" Talia paused when it dawned on her. "This is because Keith gave me Cinna. Isn't it?"     
Damon's silence answered Talia's question.     
Damon knew he was petty and that it didn't make sense. Talia was his and his alone, and she never thought about any other guy, but… he couldn't help it. That toy reminded Damon of Keith's ghost that hovered over them, and the fact that Talia was so caring toward that toy was infuriating and, at the same time, preventing Damon from trashing it.     
Talia put Cinna on the sofa and hugged Damon. "Why didn't you tell me?"     
"Tell you, what?"     
"That you don't approve I kept a toy that Keith gave me?"     
"It's not that I don't approve, but…" He didn't know what to say next. Should he lie and pretend that he didn't have a grudge against a plush toy?     
Talia felt her insides tightening. If Damon kept in their bedroom an item from another female, Talia would be livid. And this was from Keith, who looked at Talia as more than just his Luna.     
"I'm so sorry, Damon," Talia said. "I will be more considerate of your feelings."     
Cinna was important because it was Talia's first toy.     
Talia played with Cinna and Blackie, like they were brother and sister, and she completely forgot that Keith had given her that toy. And she didn't think it would hurt Damon's feelings.     
"Don't be sorry, kitten," Damon spoke into her hair, feeling guilty that he ended up burdening her.     
"Give me some time."     
"For?" He asked.     
"To fix things," Talia said, and before he could ask what that meant, she got on her toes and kissed him.     
Talia couldn't throw Cinna, but she was determined to find her a good home. It was her first toy, and she loved it, but nothing compared to Damon's peace of mind.     
…     
Talia and Damon were having dinner with Maya and Caden.     
As usually when they didn't have guests, Maya and Caden were giving updates about the current status.     
The Beta duo had Erik, Zack, and Petra following them during the day to learn and help. Caden was happy to report, "They are smart kids. Fast learners. When Maya and I leave, they will be able to handle several tasks independently, and I will tell them to ask for your input when in doubt."     
"It would be good if you give us a list of things the kids did so far," Talia said.     
Damon was feeding Talia while recollecting how for years, it was just him and his Betas. The fact that Talia was at this table, participating in the conversation as an equal, warmed his heart.     
An image of Cassie in Talia's place flashed in Damon's mind, and he quickly shook it away. Cassie would be a horrible Luna. She was bossy and condescending, and if he made her his Luna, she would only get worse.     
Between Damon, Caden, and Maya, they had too much temper at the table, and Talia was like a calming balm that made everything better. No matter how heated things got when their opinions clashed, no one could raise his (or her) voice at Talia.      
Another image flashed in Damon's mind; this one was with Marcy sitting on his left. That was when Damon was under the effect of the dark magic, and he didn't remember Talia, yet he still knew that Marcy being there was wrong. Only Talia belonged there.         
"Damon?"     
Talia's voice pulled Damon out of his thoughts.     
"Yes, kitten?"     
"Are you alright?"     
"I am happy you are here." He admitted his thoughts.     
Talia's face exploded into a bright smile. She didn't expect those sweet words, especially not in front of an audience, but that made it much better.     
She leaned to give him a smacking kiss on the lips.     
"There is no other place I would rather be," she said, and this was the truth.     
After dinner, Caden and Damon went to the study to discuss rotations of patrols for the next month. With Caden's upcoming long vacation, Damon wanted to ensure they don't leave any openings.     
Maya and Talia lingered in the living room while snacking on cookies.     
Talia wanted to ask Maya more about the rogue situation because Damon kept her in the dark. Talia knew that he did that, so she didn't get upset, but not knowing was making her nervous.     
Before Talia could ask anything, Zina came in bringing tea and cake.     
"I saw the cake in the fridge, and I thought you might enjoy this," Zina said while putting a cup of ginger tea in front of Talia.     
Talia smiled at the thought that Damon had asked Zina to bring her tea that eases nausea. He was busy working, yet he still thought of her. How can she be mad at him because he was shielding her from things that might upset her?     
"Why don't you join us?" Talia asked Zina. "There is plenty of cake for everyone."     
Zina was happy to join. With Dawn gone, Zina's evenings were uneventful. Sure, there were other Omegas she could mingle with, but Zina missed her bestie.     
Maya's eyes sparkled while picking which slice of cake to eat first. There were so many options, and they all came from the best bakery in Darkbourne. Chocolate cake, mocha, vanilla, lemon, strawberry, and mixed fruits, each moist, fragrant, and tempting.     
Talia and Zina shared a slice of mixed fruit cake because there was only one slice, and they both wanted it.     
"How are mixers going?" Talia asked Maya.     
"Good, good. Everyone knows about Malia."     
Talia couldn't believe this. "Malia?" What was Maya talking about? "I'm not even there."     
"But your presence lingers. The members of the Midnight Guardians pack are worshiping you already. One more boon won't change things."     
Talia exhaled helplessly. There was no point in arguing. "Tell me about the upcoming events."     
Maya started with the closest one, and Talia was impressed with how Maya came up with various themes to keep things interesting. There was a day at the beach, picnic on the meadow, mixer in a bar, hiking through the forest, an outing in the town, barbecue by the pool… Maya said how she needed to come up with different things because some people didn't find their mates for a while, and she didn't want them to get bored by attending the same-themed events. They would also change locations to accommodate members from other packs.     
"Wait, wait…" Talia interrupted Maya when she spoke about one of the upcoming events.         
"Isn't that one day before you go on your vacation?" Talia asked.     
Maya confirmed.     
"Don't you need to pack?" Talia asked. And there were probably other things Maya should do.     
"I do, but this is with the Blue River pack, and Tatiana said that she can't make it sooner because she has some fashion show to prepare for. The problem is that I still need to pick a theme for this one."     
"Why are you taking everything on yourself?" Talia asked Maya. "You are doing a great job, but you can't put others in front of your needs. With your heat coming, I'm sure you can find a better use for your time." Before Maya could , Talia looked at Zina, "The two of us can do it, right?" And they can probably involve Mindy as well.     
Zina's eyes widened. "Sure, I will be happy to help." With Talia's mate-matching-mojo, maybe Zina will find her mate also!     
###Chapter 839: No cake for guys
Chapter 839: No cake for guys
Talia was happy to hear that Zina would help organize this mixer. Talia loved parties, but she had no idea how to organize one. Luckily, with Zina's and Mindy's help, it shouldn't be too difficult.         
Talia went to the side table and got a notepad and a pen, ready to write down stuff.     
"What do you have so far?" Talia asked Maya.     
"Nothing for this one. The idea is the most important part, but I exhausted everything I had, and I fear we will need to repeat something."     
Talia tapped her chin while thinking. She didn't want to simply repeat what Maya already did. This was her party, and Talia wanted to give it her personal touch. But what could that be?     
Talia remembered events she attended, and one stood out as fantastic.     
"How about a fair?" Talia asked.     
Maya paused. "A what?"     
"A fair." Talia had many fantastic memories from the Summer Solstice festival. The day was full of ups and downs, but the evening was unforgettable. She watched fireworks with Damon, he held her hand, they ate delicious food, played games, she danced around the bonfire… and it all ended with her giving him the garland and then... their first kiss. Wasn't that perfect for a mixer where werewolves should find their mates?     
Seeing that both Maya and Zina looked at her in confusion, Talia explained, "We can set up a few stalls for food, have an area with outdoor seating, and organize games like a ring toss, balloon pop, bobbing for apples, and spin the wheel."     
"Oh, yes!" Zina exclaimed. "We can add cute prizes for games, call a band, and have an area for dancing."     
Maya pouted. "If the two of you are so motivated and full of ideas, why don't you help with other events also?"     
Talia stuck her tongue out at Maya. "Because you do everything on your own without asking for help. If you need our assistance, you only need to ask. Now, for this event, do you have a location set, or can we pick?"     
Three females started sharing their thoughts, and quickly they had a list of things to do. Maya suggested a few spots, and Zina and Talia said they would check them out to pick one.     
Talia said that Mindy will take care of decorations, Zina volunteered to deal with whatever was needed for the games, and Talia was responsible for securing food items.     
Talia pointed her fork at the now nearly empty plate with cakes. "We should get sweets from this bakery."     
Maya clicked her tongue. "You are thinking small. If the word spreads that Luna is organizing an event, every restaurant in Darkbourne will rush to set up a stall."     
Talia thought of something. "Zina, can you help me talk to Chef Page?"     
Zina froze. That was Lulu's father, and Zina felt responsible for Lulu's untimely death.     
"Sure," Zina said stiffly.     
"You want him to participate at the fair?" Maya asked.     
Talia confirmed. "Damon and I visited him, and he seemed… not good. I hope that giving him something to do might cheer him up." And she also hoped that Zina would feel less guilty about everything if she talked to the man.     
Talia put her hand on Zina's.     
"Hey," Talia called. "You need to stop blaming yourself. It was just a lot of innocent things that piled up into something no one could predict. None of us knew the rogues will attack, and none knew that Lulu…" Talia couldn't finish that. "But it happened, and we are all grieving. Let's help each other move on while honoring memories of those who died so that we can live in peace."     
"Oh…" Maya sighed while wiping the tears that suddenly swelled in her eyes. "That was beautiful. Why don't you make that a theme for the fair?"     
"What?" Talia asked.         
"Every fair needs a theme. You can make this fair's theme be honoring fallen heroes."     
Talia sniffled and looked at Zina. "What do you think?"     
"I think it will be wonderful," Zina said.     
"I will ask Tanya to see if they want to join," Talia said. "They lost a lot of people recently as well." Keeping people busy will be a welcome distraction, and everyone could use some cheering up.     
Zina was collecting the empty plates when Damon and Caden joined their ladies.     
Damon slid onto the sofa next to Talia and wrapped his arms around her. "Did you miss me?"     
"Of course," Talia said while leaning on him. "Are you done with work?"     
"Work is never done," Caden said as his eyes followed plates that Zina carried away. "But it seems you girls finished something tasty. Without us."     
Talia would laugh at Caden's grumpy expression, but she also felt guilty for eating so much cake and not leaving anything for the guys.     
"Your Luna is pregnant," Damon said sternly. "I won't allow anyone to make her feel guilty for eating. She is feeding the next Alpha."     
Caden spoke sorrowfully, "I wanted some cake also."     
Maya hugged him and patted his back. "There, there… do you want us to go to the sweetshop now? They are still open."     
Caden pouted. "I don't feel like going out now, but you can give me some sugar." He winked. "Later."     
Maya giggled and gave him a smacking kiss on the lips. They all knew Caden was talking about sex.     
Talia was desperate to talk about something else.     
"What did you do?" She asked Damon.     
"Normal stuff and…" Damon paused. "I looked at the guestlist for your Luna ceremony."     
Talia blinked. "Was it not good?"     
"No, no."     
Talia knew he wouldn't bring it up without reason. "But?"     
"I noticed that those are all either my connections or high-ranking people related to the pack. What about you, kitten?"     
"What about me?"     
"Don't you want to invite someone?"     
Talia didn't expect this question. "Uhm… I have no one. All my friends are here."     
"What about your enemies?" Maya asked from the side.         
"Why would I invite my enemies into my house?"     
Maya smiled maliciously. "To rub it in, of course! Think of people who looked down on you while you were in the Red Moon pack. Think of the ones who called you names because they thought you were sticking to Damon."     
Talia was not interested in such things, but… "There is one person."     
Damon perked up. "Who?"     
"I told you about Olivia," Talia said to Damon, and then she turned to Maya and Caden. "She was my friend while I was in the Red Moon pack."     
"Oh, great!" Maya exclaimed. "We should put her on the guest list. Alpha Edward will go nuts to see that you made friends with someone from his pack, and you are ignoring him."     
Talia's face fell. "Olivia left the Red Moon pack a while ago when she found her mate."     
Maya didn't think that was a big deal. "Do you know where she went?"     
Talia shook her head. Maybe Olivia mentioned it, but Talia forgot. However… "Her father is the pack doctor in the Red Moon pack."     
"We have a lead," Maya said. "With Cornelia coming here daily, we can tell her to find out for us. Someone should know where Olivia is now."     
Talia's heart rate picked up. She liked the idea of reuniting with her friend. Her only friend at that time.     
Talia hoped she could meet Olivia and show her that she was not a scrawny girl in the attic anymore. Will Olivia be happy for her? Talia surely hoped so.     
###Chapter 840: Malia strikes again! (C&T)
Chapter 840: Malia strikes again! (C&T)
Lunchtime the next day…         
Maya was looking at the messages on her phone while entering the dining room after Caden.     
Damon and Talia were already there.     
Maya greeted Damon and Talia before saying, "It seems we heard back about your friend sooner than expected."     
"You did?" Talia asked, guessing that this was about Olivia.     
"Mhm," Maya confirmed with a hum and she was reading the text message while taking, "I just got a text from Dawn. She asked Omegas from George's villa, and some of them heard that…" Maya's voice trailed.     
"What is it?" Talia asked anxiously. Did something bad happen to Olivia? Was she dead?     
"I will ask them to verify this," Maya said.     
"Tell me," Talia demanded.     
"They said that Olivia's mate is a warrior from the Shadowbite pack."     
Talia noticed that both Damon and Caden frowned at this.     
Talia tried to remember what she knew about that pack. It was a smaller-sized pack that kept to itself. They didn't have the power or status to attend important gatherings, and they didn't host outsiders either. It was not unusual for smaller packs to stay isolated; it was their way of preserving independence. No matter how bad it was, it was theirs.     
"Is something wrong with that pack?" Talia asked.     
"That is my pack," Maya said. "I can tell you, as a female, that is not a good place to be."     
"What do you mean?"     
Caden responded, "It's a patriarchal place, and they don't put much value on females. It's like… all females are Omegas by default."     
"But that doesn't mean Olivia is mistreated," Maya quickly said. "It's just… a delicate situation."     
Damon rubbed his forehead with force. He thought that bringing up Talia's old friend would be a good thing and not that it would make her emotions unstable.     
"Let me take care of this," Damon said to Talia. "Caden, get me a meeting with the Alpha of the Shadowbite pack. I want to talk to him in person."     
"I want to be there also," Talia protested.     
"It will be a phone call," Damon said, and his cut-off tone told Talia that she won't be present and that was non-negotiable.     
Damon's expression softened. "Do you trust me, kitten?"     
Talia nodded right away.     
Damon looked into her eyes seriously. "I will make sure your friend attends your Luna ceremony."     
…     
~ the Spring Leaf pack ~         
Damon and Talia arrived with Keith and Caleb at the packhouse of the Spring Leaf pack.     
The packhouse was a two-story home, surrounded by bushes and tall trees. There was a small garden filled with flowers in front.      
If that house were placed in a suburb of a human city, it wouldn't stand out.     
There was no fancy driveway, and it was not a mansion with many guest bedrooms. It was simple.     
'Are you sure we are at the right place?' Talia asked Damon through their private mind-link as he helped her get out of the car. She didn't want to risk someone overhearing her and thinking of her as impolite. She was genuinely curious.     
Damon chuckled. 'In this pack, people have their own homes, and that includes their Alpha and Luna. They have an event hall nearby, where they gather.'     
Talia's eyes flashed with understanding, and Damon added, 'After greeting Cristian and Michelle, we will go to one of the guest houses.'     
Before Damon could say more, their attention was drawn toward the main door that flung open, and a petite brunette rushed out.     
"I'm sorry for not greeting you immediately, but the sauce was…" Her voice trailed, and her eyes moved to a figure behind Damon.     
Talia put her hand over her chest. It was happening again. Mates! Keith and Caleb were right there, but which one was it?     
Damon and Talia turned to see that Caleb and Keith were standing with their heads in the trunk of Damon's black armored SUV.     
Damon sucked in a sharp breath, and a smile slithered on his face. Was it possible that Keith found his mate?     
'THUNK!'     
A loud sound was heard when Caleb hit his head on the trunk lid.     
"Dude!" Keith called. "Did you crack your skull?" That was quite a hard hit.     
Caleb's arm moved to hold onto the spot that was aching, but it froze halfway as he returned the dazed stare of a petite brunette that was standing there.     
Talia tugged Damon to move to the side as the brunette and Caleb walked toward each other as possessed.     
Caleb reached to touch her face, and they both jolted when the tips of his fingers made contact with her jaw.     
The intensity of the sparks took them by surprise, and they broke into matching smiles.     
Caleb took a deep breath, filling his lungs with the scent of rosemary that reminded him of roasted beef his grandmother would make every Sunday. This rosemary was much more seductive, making him crave a taste of the woman in front of him. She was beautiful.     
The brunette smiled dreamily while basking in Caleb's sweet scent of cookie dough. She always loved stealing a bit of cookie dough before baking it, but now she feared that just a bit wouldn't be enough because the man in front of her looked delicious.     
His black hair, flawlessly deep brown skin, precisely trimmed Balbo beard... it was all perfect.     
"Caleb," he said.     
"Trisha," she responded.     
She took his hand and paused to relish the addictive sparks that flared upon contact.         
"Will you come with me?" She asked.     
"Anywhere," Caleb responded dreamily.     
Damon, Talia, and Keith didn't move until Caleb and Trisha disappeared into the bushes.     
"Crap!" Damon cursed under his breath. He really hoped that the petite brunette was for Keith.     
"Are you upset Caleb found his mate?" Talia asked.     
"No, no," Damon was quick to deny it. "This is a happy thing. But the timing is off. He came here to protect you, and now he is useless."      
Damon blinked innocently while hoping that Talia had bought the story. Well, it was not completely false.     
Talia stifled a giggle. "It will be fine, Damon. We are prepared for the worst, aren't we? Sure, Caleb is a capable warrior, but he is just one person."     
"Why are you standing there?" Luna Michelle spoke from the door. "Didn't Trisha come to show you inside?"     
"I believe you lost her," Talia said.     
Michelle frowned in confusion. "Lost her?"     
Talia pointed in the direction where Caleb and Trisha disappeared. "She saw Caleb, and they went all goo-goo before disappearing that way. Oh, and you will need someone else to look after the sauce. It sounded important."     
Michelle put her hand over her lips which were lifted into a smile. "Trish found her mate. How lovely. But what will I do without my main helper in the house?"     
Talia grinned. "Your loss is my gain." If Trisha was working in the house where Alpha and Luna were, it meant she was reliable and trustworthy, and Talia needed such people in their packhouse. Zina was lonely, and Talia hoped that Trisha might fill a portion of the gap that Dawn left behind.     
Cristian also showed up, and he was shaking hands with Damon when…     
"Yes!" A small voice was heard from the door, and a child-sized bullet dashed toward Talia.     
Ashton was fast, but Damon was faster.     
"Ah!" Ashton cried when Damon grabbed the back of his shirt, lifting him up like he was a chicken.     
"Let me go!" Ashton shouted while wiggling his little arms and legs in an attempt to reach Talia.     
"That is my Luna you are trying to cling onto," Damon squeezed through his teeth.     
Talia looked at Damon helplessly. Why was he the biggest child here?     
---     
Author's note: You can see the pic of Caleb and Trisha in the comments.     
###Chapter 841: A NOT secret pregnancy (1)
Chapter 841: A NOT secret pregnancy (1)
Talia was in the living room, sitting on the sofa between Damon and Ashton.         
Keith, Luna Michelle, and Alpha Cristian were also there.     
Ashton was holding Talia's hand and ignoring angry glare of the Alpha, who was on Talia's left.     
Luna Michelle tried to get Ashton into another room, but the boy was sticking to Talia, and Talia melted at his big puppy eyes directed at her, and "Do you want me to leave?"     
He was adorable.     
"Ashton is not bothering me," Talia assured the boy's parents.      
And that's how Ashton ended up sitting next to Talia.     
'He is just a child,' Talia would say to Damon through their mind-link every time Damon would growl at the boy.     
'If he is a child, he would call you Aunty and not treat you as his future wife!' Damon grumbled.     
Damon knew that Ashton was just a pup, but the idea of anyone being close to Talia was driving Damon mad.     
'Where do you draw the line?' Damon asked.     
Talia didn't get it. 'Excuse me?'     
'How old do they need to be before you see them as a threat? Ten years? Fifteen? Twenty? I guess your limit is higher because Keith was all over you, and you didn't think of chasing him away.'     
'That's not fair, Damon.'     
'What's not fair is you making me watch as another human clings to you.'     
Talia exhaled helplessly and turned to Ashton. "Would you do something for me?"     
Ashton's eyes lit up. "Anything." The boy didn't flinch at Damon's growl.     
"I heard from your mom that you are quite an artist. Will you draw something for me?"     
"I can draw a house and people. Will you come and watch me work?"     
Talia smiled. "How about you make it a surprise? Show me when it's done."     
Ashton nodded vigorously, and then he turned to Damon.     
"Uncle Damon, I need you to take care of my Luna until I'm back."     
Damon's lips twitched in annoyance, and Talia wondered if he will snap at the child.     
"I think you should get going, Ash," Luna Michelle said. "Don't make Talia wait. After that, we need to get you ready for the party."     
Ashton flashed a smile at Talia, and then he left the room.     
'Better?' Talia asked Damon.         
Damon put his arm around Talia's waist and pulled her closer to him. 'Better.'     
Talia was not sure if she should laugh or cry. She looked at Damon, intending to scold him for being irrational, but then she saw his enamored gaze directed at her, and her fighting spirit sizzled away.     
Cristian cleared his throat before saying, "Thank you for coming early. Preparations were made, per your suggestion."     
Since Cassie gave them a warning that rogues will attack, Damon had several online meetings with Cristian to discuss countermeasures.     
Tony and Maddox agreed to send their people, as well as selected warriors from the Dark Howlers pack. Pierce and Liam were there with their mates, and Amelia was their secret weapon as no one could expect a witch among troops. They distributed scent-suppressing mixture and were ready to confront rogues, in case they attacked.     
Due to Tanya's pregnancy, Maddox didn't want to risk her coming there, but Tony and Kalina were on their way.     
"I would like Keith to familiarize himself with people who will be in charge of patrols around the venue," Damon said.     
"Of course," Cristian agreed immediately, and his eyes lost focus for a moment. "My people will show Keith what we have in place. Other than your guys that arrived yesterday, teams from the Lightclaw and Blue River pack are here. I want to thank you for your assistance with this matter."     
"It is I who should thank you for agreeing to proceed with Ashton's party," Damon said.     
No one would blame Alpha Cristian if he decided to cancel the event. He would ensure the safety of his pack, and that would cause rogues to postpone their attack, but that's what it would be… just delaying the inevitable. Rogues would regroup and wait for the next opportunity. Like this, they knew to expect them, assuming that Cassie's information was legitimate.     
Two tall males arrived. They were lieutenants in the army of the Spring Leaf pack who held a similar status as Keith.     
After exchanging a few words, Keith left with them.     
"How far along are you?"     
Talia's eyes widened when she saw that Michelle directed that question at her.     
"What?" Talia asked.     
Michelle smiled knowingly. "Your pregnancy. How far along are you?"     
Cristian's eyes darted from Talia to Michelle, and then he looked at Damon. "Is it true? You have a pup on the way?"     
Talia was flabbergasted. "How do you know?" She asked Michelle.     
"I can see how Damon is holding you," Michelle responded. "And also…" She pointed toward Talia's stomach. "If you don't want people to know, you shouldn't put your hands on your abdomen every minute. Only pregnant women do that."     
Talia stared down to see that Michelle was right. Talia's hand was there, her palm resting low on her stomach.     
Talia chided herself. Why was she thinking of concealing her pregnancy if people could see through her easily? At this rate, they might put it on billboards for everyone to know that Alpha Damon is expecting a child with his mate.     
Talia released a long breath. "It's not really a secret, but considering the situation with rogues and everything, we were thinking of not announcing it. The fewer people know, the better it will be."     
"I agree," Michelle said. "Well, your secret is safe with us."     
"Woah!" Cristian exclaimed and stood up to shake hands with Damon. "Congratulations! If you thought that leading a pack is challenging, wait until your little one starts crawling."     
Damon was confident that Cristian was messing with him. How could one child be more work than a pack?         
A figure appeared at the door.     
"Am I late?"     
It was a tall brunette with an exotic air around her.     
"You are on time, Arya," Cristian said. "These are Alpha Damon and Luna Talia…" His voice trailed as he looked at Talia. "Is that how I should introduce you, or…"     
Talia knew he was asking if he should introduce her as Alpha Natalia.     
"Any is fine. We are not keeping secrets." Talia said.     
"Right," Cristian said. "You are just not announcing it." He turned to the brunette. "This is Arya, the rising star in the army of the Spring Leaf pack. She might look harmless, but I can assure you that's deceiving. Arya is a general in my army."     
Damon looked at Arya with interest. "Considering your age, your skills must be impressive."     
Talia felt a pang of jealousy in her chest. Why was Damon praising another female? And it was obvious that Arya was not mated!     
Damon whipped his head toward Talia. "I was just wondering about the standards for Generals in this pack. She looks too young and feeble for such a position. There is nothing more to it."     
Talia responded with a stiff smile and a mental message, 'There better not be more to it.'     
"Don't look down on my Generals," Cristian said, feeling that Damon's comment about standards in the army of the Spring Leaf pack was a personal attack. "How about we organize a joint training session where we can exchange notes?"     
Damon was still looking at Talia. 'Kitten?'     
Talia exhaled sharply. "Excuse me. I need some air." She glared fiercely at Damon, "You should answer Alpha Cristian's question." And Talia moved toward the door.     
Damon was about to go after Talia, but then he heard her voice in his head, 'Stay there. I need space.'     
---     
You can find pic of Arya in the comments.     
###Chapter 842: A NOT secret pregnancy (2)
Chapter 842: A NOT secret pregnancy (2)
Damon felt wronged.         
He really didn't look at the brunette for any other reason than thinking if she could match up to his Generals. But Talia was getting increasingly irritable due to pregnancy, and he wondered if he should run after her immediately or if he should give her a minute to calm down.     
"I will check on her," Luna Michelle said.     
Talia stepped onto the terrace that overlooked a small garden. It was nothing like spacious packhouses Talia had seen before, but this place was cozy and warm, full of personal touches. One could immediately see that it was a home of a loving family.     
"Talia?" Luna Michelle called from the door. "Do you mind if I join you?"     
Talia realized that she had made a scene. That was NOT like her. Was Damon blaming her for losing her temper?     
"I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable," Talia said guiltily.     
"We are not uncomfortable, but we are worried."     
Talia pressed her lips into a line. "I will make sure it doesn't happen again."     
Michelle smiled. "I think you misunderstood me. I am not worried about you walking away. I am worried about you keeping it in."     
Talia was confused. "What?"     
"Your emotions. Don't keep them in. It will harm your baby. If you are angry, throw a fit. Your status as an Alpha and as a pregnant woman gives you the right to blow up stuff and no one will dare to say a word."     
Talia's eyes widened, and then she burst into laughter. She had no idea what was funny, but there she was… laughing.     
"I am emotionally unstable," Talia said.     
"And that's normal during pregnancy. I don't know what happened inside, but I guess it's related to General Arya. I assure you that she is focused on training. I know, because I was watching her."     
"You did?"     
Michelle hummed in confirmation. "Arya is beautiful. Compared to me, she is younger and more capable." Michelle shook her head. "She came to this pack when she was four or five years old. Our warriors found her after a rogue attack, and no one knew who her parents were, so we took her in as an orphan. Everyone would fall in love with her instantly, first as a child and then as a teen. She was an excellent student, and a great cadet, but the most impressive was her outgoing personality which made everyone like her. Cristian would talk about her rising through the ranks and accomplishing missions, and it made me insecure."     
Talia couldn't believe it. "Insecure? But Cristian adores you."     
"And Damon adores you, yet you ended up doubting him."     
Talia paused. Was she doubting Damon?     
Talia was confident that Damon had eyes only for her, but a small part of her didn't forget about his past. Now that Damon was looking at an attractive female, the darkness in Talia swelled and threatened to spoil everything good they had built so far.     
'I'm sorry, Damon,' Talia spoke to him through their mind-link. 'Pregnancy hormones caught me by surprise.'     
'Can I join you?'     
Talia's heart tightened at the insecurity in his voice.     
'Of course.'     
Two seconds later, Damon was at the door, and Michelle excused herself, saying that she will go to check on Ashton.         
Damon pulled Talia onto his chest, and he held her there firmly.     
Talia's ear was pressed on Damon's chest, but even if it wasn't, she would be able to hear his raging heartbeats. He was anxious. Guilty. Confused. Concerned. Fearful. And Talia knew it was her fault. She made him feel that way.     
"Don't ever ask if you can join me, Damon. You are my other half. No matter what happens, I will always want you close."     
"But you told me to stay back," Damon reminded her.     
"Don't listen to that nonsense," Talia said. "Just come after me. I might be angry and yell, but I won't hate you for wanting to be close to me. Actually, only your proximity can calm me down, and considering that pregnancy is making my temper flare, I will need extra doses of Damon to keep me sane."     
Damon smiled at these words. "All doses of Damon are yours and yours only, kitten."     
She took a few deep breaths to fill her system with Damon's scent of the forest and dark chocolate, and her emotions stabilized.     
"We should go back," Talia said. There must be a reason why that female showed up.     
"We can stay here," Damon responded. He didn't want to risk Talia getting upset again.     
As much as Damon was concerned, they could return to the Dark Howlers pack and leave all this behind.     
But Talia insisted on them coming because (according to Cassie), Talia was the target, and rogues were coming for her. Talia didn't want to stay home and hope for the best while their friends risked their lives.     
This was the opportunity for them to ambush their attackers, get more information, and confirm if Cassie was telling the truth.     
And also, even with her being pregnant, Talia was not a defenseless she-wolf. She could still use her abilities, and she had Liseli, and rogues didn't know about those.     
Damon and Talia returned to the living room to see that Alpha Cristian was talking with General Arya, both with serious expressions while looking at the map that was spread on the coffee table.     
"Are you feeling alright now?" Cristian asked Talia. "If you need to rest, you can go…"     
"I am fine," Talia interrupted him. Damon needed to be here, and Talia didn't want to separate from him. "Thank you for your concern. I guess this whole situation is making me edgy."     
Cristian nodded in understanding. "We are prepared for tonight. My pack members are moving into shelters so we won't have innocent casualties. As for our warriors, that's why Arya is here."     
Arya had a serious expression, and her gaze didn't move from the map. "We found pack-link jamming devices here, here…" She was pointing at the black dots on the map. "They are the same ones used during the recent attack on the Blue River pack. Teams are watching those areas." She glanced at Talia. "It seems rogues are using something to conceal their scent. To offset those, we set up infrared sensors that show heat signatures. They are not a hundred percent accurate because they get triggered by bigger animals, but at least we can confirm areas where we don't have rogues."     
Talia listened to Arya talking, and she had to acknowledge that the female spoke eloquently with the confidence of a seasoned warrior.     
When Arya finished with her status, Cristian asked Damon and Talia, "Do you have any questions?"     
Damon glanced at Talia.     
"No. It seems you covered everything," Talia said.     
Cristian grinned. "Of course. With Arya overseeing the security detail, we are in safe hands." He looked at Damon. "Now that the work is done, how about a drink? It can help take the edge off. I've got a new bottle of a hundred year-old scotch."     
Damon was about to agree, but he changed his mind. "My mate is not drinking, so I'm giving her company."     
Cristian rolled his eyes. "You can have juice and give me company while I drink the good stuff."         
"How about you?" Damon asked Talia.     
Talia waved at him to go ahead. She had a feeling that Cristian called Damon so they could talk about guy stuff.     
"I will be here, sipping my ginger tea. Stay close."     
Damon leaned to give her a soft kiss. "I won't be more than three seconds away."     
###Chapter 843: Misunderstandings
Chapter 843: Misunderstandings
"Alpha Damon cares about you," Arya said to Talia while folding the map.         
"That's what fated mates do," Talia responded. "They care for each other unconditionally."     
"So I heard," Arya said in a monotone.     
"You don't believe in fated mates?"     
Arya paused and looked at Talia for a long moment before responding.     
"The idea of unconditional love is something I can't comprehend. Since I remember, people have been nice to me. They are smiling, eager to indulge me, but it's all skin deep. Only one truly cared about me as a person and showed interest in what I could do, and that's Alpha Cristian. He gave me a chance to rank up as a warrior while others said that a pretty girl like me shouldn't get her hands dirty because I might break a nail."     
"You admire Alpha Cristian," Talia said.     
Arya didn't deny it. "I do. He acknowledged my desire to prove myself, and he didn't look down on me because I was pretty. I will prove he didn't make a mistake by believing in me."     
"How is that related to mates?"     
"People say that only mates can speak to each other's soul, yet Alpha Cristian did that to me. He is not my mate, and he is not available. Isn't that ironic? Among many who showed interest in me, I couldn't determine which one was honest and which one was attracted to my appearance. Some say my face is my blessing, but I see it as a curse."     
Talia observed Arya's features, and she had to admit that even without makeup, Arya was one of the prettiest females Talia had ever seen. Well, everyone had their problems. Too much of everything was a bad thing, even beauty.     
Arya didn't trust people, and that was the result of Arya's experiences. Talia didn't know what Arya went through, but it was obvious that Alpha Cristian held a special place in Arya's heart.     
There was a dose of arrogance in Arya's tone, and Talia would usually let it pass because she was not the one to provoke others, but this time Talia needed to speak up.     
"Alpha Cristian is a good Alpha who takes care of his pack members. He helped you just how he would help anyone else. Don't mistake his kindness for something else. You should be able to see the difference in how he treats his pack members and how he treats his mate."     
Arya smiled wistfully. "Yeah. He is not fooling around like some other Alphas."     
Well, Talia couldn't deny that some Alphas are fooling around even after finding their mates, but… "The bond is telling us who is our perfect match, but we have a choice to reject it." Damon told her that on the night when they marked each other (the first time). "Every relationship requires work, even the one between fated mates. But it's worth it. Once you meet your mate, you will realize how wonderful is to feel complete, and your mate will adore you no matter how you look."     
Arya cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "I will believe it when I see it."     
"You will feel it. That's the benefit of the mate bond. You will share emotions, and you will sense his sincerity."     
"I hope it comes with proof."     
"What kind of proof?"     
Arya shrugged. "He should risk his life for me. Something that couldn't be faked."     
Talia thought how that was extreme. But then… Arya was a warrior, and Talia had no idea about Arya's past, but it seemed she didn't have it easy.     
"I wish you good luck."     
"I don't believe in luck," Arya said. "Tonight will be successful because we have a solid plan, and we prepared…"     
"I meant about your mate," Talia interrupted Arya.     
Arya didn't expect this. "Well… thank you."         
Talia stifled a laugh. Arya was visibly flustered. Somehow, Talia had a feeling that under that unapproachable fa?ade, Arya was a good person.     
"Arya," Talia called when Arya stood up to leave. "About me leaving earlier… It was nothing personal."     
"I didn't take it personally."     
"Good. I wanted to clear that up."     
"Why?"     
Talia shrugged. "Who knows? Maybe we can be friends?"     
Arya paused. "Friends? With me? Why?"     
"Do I need a reason to be friends with someone?"     
"Yes," Arya responded without missing a beat. "I am a warrior, and I worked hard where I am while you… are not."     
"What is that supposed to mean?"     
Arya gestured toward Talia, who was wearing a flowy dress. "You are like royalty while I…" Arya gestured toward her cargo pants and a tank top. "Am not. What do I have to offer in order to make you wish to be my friend? Or are you attracted to me?"     
Talia felt her face twitching. This last question caught her off-guard. "What?"     
Arya smirked. "It wouldn't be the first time for a female to hit on me."     
In front of Talia's flabbergasted expression, Arya got bolder, and she moved to sit on the sofa next to Talia.     
"Did I get it right? You fell for me?" Arya smiled condescendingly. "Do you think that just because an Alpha marked you, you are something special? If you are not Alpha Damon's Luna, you wouldn't be here."     
'That does it!' Liseli shouted in Talia's head. 'Let me bite her head off!'     
Talia snapped to her senses. 'No biting, Lis.'     
'Put her in her place, on the floor! Push her through it! I want her to eat dirt! … '     
Talia tuned out Liseli, but Liseli's hostility was still affecting her. The emerging violence got a boost from Talia's pregnancy hormones, which made Talia's Alpha aura leak.     
"What did you say?" Talia asked icily.     
Talia narrowed her eyes at Arya, whose arrogance was dwindling by the second.     
Arya would blurt out things when she was angry, things she didn't mean to say. And now it seemed that she said too much, and she crossed the line. Talia was angry, and Arya wondered if she could get a re-do of the last thirty seconds.     
"You think I fell for you? Tell me, Arya, which part of you is attractive? The one where you are pinning for a mated guy who has a happy family? Or did I fall for you because you are looking down on others?"     
"I'm not looking down on…"     
"LIES!" Talia exclaimed, now leaning closer to Arya.         
"You are making yourself a victim like everyone got things served on a platter while you had to work for it." Talia touched the left side of her neck. "You think I am here because Damon marked me? It seems you forgot to look at his neck." Talia sneered, showing her elongated fangs. "My mark is right there, on his neck. I marked him first."      
Talia snarled, and Arya feared that Talia will bite her.     
Arya wanted to escape, but Talia was above her now, and Talia's aura paralyzed her. Arya was in many dangerous situations, but she had never felt that helpless before.     
Talia pinched Arya's chin, and Arya could feel Talia's breath splashing on her face.     
"If I want anything from you, I will take it. There is no need to ask because I am the dominant one. Just how you misunderstood Cristian, you misunderstood me as well. I am not kind because I am weak. I am kind because I choose to be. If I tell you to kneel and serve me, you will do so because I am an Alpha."     
'CRACK!'     
A sound of glass shattering was heard, and Talia looked in that direction to see bewildered Damon standing at the door with juice dripping from his hand where a glass used to be.      
###Chapter 844: A big oaf
Chapter 844: A big oaf
A loud growl ripped from Damon's chest, and in the next moment, Damon was hoisting Talia away from Arya.         
"Stay away from my mate!" Damon shouted, and Arya was slammed flat on the sofa under the pressure of Damon's Alpha aura.     
Damon turned to Talia and inspected her visually. "Did she harm you?"     
"No, no…" Talia quickly said while trying to assess her emotions. What happened? "I think my temper flared, and I overreacted."     
"I apologize, Alpha Damon, Luna Talia," Cristian said respectfully while struggling to stand straight. Damon's aura was not to be trifled with. "Arya is a prideful general, and she is not used to talking to people who outrank her. I will make sure to punish her."      
Damon snorted irritably and retracted his aura.      
Arya was not sure what had happened. They were talking, and she thought she had an advantage; she said some things, and then Talia suppressed her completely. Talia was obviously on the top. Why was everyone siding with Talia?     
"Don't blame her," Talia said. "Arya is still young and needs to learn that people shouldn't be judged based on external appearance."     
Alpha Cristian whipped his head to look at Arya.     
Arya didn't dare to lift her gaze. She could feel Cristian's eyes on her, and she feared that if she saw anger or disappointment there, she would fall apart. At the same time, Talia's words stabbed Arya right into the stomach. This blow felt harsher than when Damon's aura held her down.     
Arya hated when people treated her differently because of her appearance, yet she did the same to Talia. Based on werewolf standards, Talia had a small frame and was skinny, and seeing how Talia interacted with everyone softly, Arya assumed that Talia was submissive.     
Arya was not sure if she implied that Talia was nobody because she really meant it or because she was angry, but the words were out, and she couldn't take it back, and no amount of apology will fix that. It was disrespect toward someone of high rank, an ally who was visiting, and the punishment won't be light.      
Arya glanced at Talia to see that the latter was completely focused on the man holding her.     
"I am OK, Damon. I really am. Can you keep me down?"     
Luna Michelle got into the room, and she immediately noticed the awkward atmosphere.     
Arya had her head bowed, Cristian stood on the side, and Damon was holding Talia in his arms.     
Ashton peeked from behind his mother to see inside the living room.     
He walked to Damon while proudly holding a sheet of paper and pointed his finger at Damon's feet. "Keep my Luna down. I am here now, so your protective services won't be needed. You can rest."     
Damon gritted his teeth in annoyance. Will this little snot ever give up? Why was everyone set on getting their hands on Talia? She was his!     
Unaware that Damon was tightening his hold on Talia, Ashton looked at Talia and grinned. "I made a drawing for you. Do you want to see it?"     
"Of course," Talia said with a smile. 'Put me down, Damon.' Talia spoke to Damon through their mind-link. 'Don't make this more awkward than it already is.'     
'What happened with that woman while I was gone?'     
'Nothing.'     
'I'm not buying it. I left you to sip tea, and five minutes later, I'm back to see you about to hump a random woman. Unless you switched to liking females, something happened. Or do you like girls now? Am I not needed after I gave you my seed?'     
Talia was not sure if she should laugh or cry. How does his brain work?     
'Don't overthink things, Damon. It's nothing like it. We have an audience. Put. Me. Down.'         
Reluctantly, Damon's arms went lower, and Talia's feet touched the floor.     
Ashton happily grabbed Talia's hand. "Let's go next to the window, so you can see it better."     
Talia followed the little man, and Damon was one step behind them.     
"I apologize, Alpha," Arya said in a small voice.     
"I am not the one you should apologize to, Arya," Cristian said.     
Arya turned to where Talia went, when he stopped her.     
"Don't. We have a big night ahead of us. Can I count on you, or are you compromised?"     
This time, Arya lifted her head and looked him into the eyes. Her throat constricted when she saw his stern expression. Even when she was lined up with other warriors, there was a hint of a smile at the corner of his lips when their eyes met, yet now there was none.     
"You can count on me, Alpha."     
"Good," Cristian said curtly. "Don't think about this incident. Focus on your mission. If we mess up, lives will be at stake. Do you understand that?"     
Arya nodded.     
"We will talk about this tomorrow. You are dismissed. Go to your position."     
Arya bowed respectfully and left the room.     
Alpha Cristian puffed his cheeks while looking at the door through which Arya walked out, and he knew that warm hand wrapping around his bicep was Michelle.     
"Did I make a mistake by promoting her to a general so early?" He asked.     
"You said that she deserved it," Michelle said.     
"With her skills, yes. But this incident proved that mentally she is not there. A general needs to stay composed and have a firm head on shoulders and not to provoke allies." He didn't know what exactly happened, but nothing would justify Arya speaking or acting against Talia, not when their territory was full of warriors from the Dark Howlers pack, and definitely not in Damon's presence. Even without those, Talia was an Alpha, someone that could face a Guardian and come out of it alive. What was Arya thinking?     
"Arya is a fast learner. She absorbed everything you taught her." Michelle said.     
Cristian released a long breath. "I saw her as a child, and I didn't insist on respect and protocols, and now it backfired."     
"It will be alright. Talia will forgive her."     
"Talia is not the one I'm worried about."     
They both turned to look in the direction of the window under which Ashton, Talia, and Damon were.     
Ashton was pointing at the things on the paper while explaining to Talia what was there. Talia was squatting to be on the same level with Ashton, and Damon was hovering above them with a grim expression that would scare the Devil.     
Talia did her best to ignore Damon's hostile attitude. She heard that Alphas get super-protective when their mates are expecting pups, but Damon was exaggerating. But then… Damon was always completely in or out without any middle ground.     
Talia was looking at Ashton's drawing that had a forest and a house with a lawn. The sky was blue with some black spots that Ashton called birds, and three stick figures stood on the lawn.         
"Is that your family?" Talia asked.     
Ashton nodded earnestly. "This is me…" He pointed at the biggest stick figure.     
Talia thought the boy pointed it wrongly because he should be the smallest one, representing the child, but then Ashton continued, "This is you, and this is our pup."     
Talia's giggle covered Damon's growl.     
"You made a drawing of two of us and our child?" Talia asked with amusement in her voice. She knew it was wrong, and she should correct him, but Ashton was adorable.     
Ashton confirmed. "Yes. One pup is enough. I don't want more because raising children takes time, and I want to ensure I have time for my Luna."     
"Your Luna will be a lucky girl."     
He grinned. "I am glad you think so. I will treat you well."     
Another growl came from Damon, and Talia felt the urgency to get some one-on-one time with Damon and pacify him.     
"Thank you for the drawing, Ashton. I will cherish it. Don't you need to get ready for the party?"     
"You are right," Ashton said. "I should get going." He paused to look at Talia, and his cheeks reddened. "Will you dance with me tonight?"     
Talia was about to say yes, but Damon growled again.     
"We will see. I am a bit tired, so I can't make promises."     
Ashton was disappointed, but he didn't insist.     
Talia looked after the boy and shook her head helplessly. How can six years old boy be more understanding than the big oaf that was standing next to her?     
Talia looked at Damon's grumpy expression, and her heart warmed. He was a big, domineering, overprotective, stubborn oaf. Her oaf.     
Talia wrapped her arms around Damon's neck. "How about we find out where we will be staying tonight? There is still some time until the party starts."     
She gave him a meaningful look, and Damon's lips lifted into a smile.      
###Chapter 845: Ashton's birthday party (1)
Chapter 845: Ashton's birthday party (1)
The event hall of the Spring Leaf pack was a one-story building that resembled a hangar from the outside.         
On the inside, it was a massive space that was perfect for any type of gatherings.     
Two long bars with bartenders behind them stood opposite each other at the far ends of the event hall, there was an elevated stage with a band, a dance area where guests wiggled, and many tables with benches where people were enjoying finger foods and chatting in a good mood. Doors on the side led to restrooms, an extra storage area for additional furniture, and a kitchen where food was kept.     
To accommodate larger gatherings, the event hall had massive doors that would open to a well-maintained lawn where tables and chairs were set up, but this area was mostly empty with only a few people there who stepped out for a smoke.     
The forest around the event hall was filled with warriors who were organized in formations to wait for rogues while hoping that rogues won't come. Many of the guests came with their kids, and those were high-ranking members of their packs and prominent figures in society. A slip-up in security would be devastating.     
When Damon told Cristian about a potential rogues' attack, Cristian considered canceling the event, but Damon convinced him otherwise with an argument that Tony and Maddox will send reinforcements, and this was the perfect opportunity to figure out what was going on with the rogues.     
Someone was behind rogues, organizing them; someone powerful enough to make them obey, or maybe with pockets so deep that rogues would follow them willingly. In any case, it was a dangerous opponent, and staying passive while hoping for the best was not a good strategy.     
Only a handful of people knew about Cassie's warning. Others believed that these were extra security measures after what happened in the Blue River pack. If the news leaked that Cristian had information about the upcoming attack and still proceeded with this party, people who were kept in the dark would be angry.     
In the event hall, more than a hundred people were present, but due to the sheer size of the event hall, it looked under-utilized.     
After an elaborate dinner, people were mingling, and kids were running around and doing kids' stuff. Normally, parents would remind their kids to be restrained, but this was a birthday for a six year-old, so children's energy was welcomed. It was lively.     
Kids had their own area set up with a big bouncy house and games, and their laughter and cheers were overpowering music.      
Damon was standing at the bar and sipping juice angrily while his eyes didn't leave Ashton and Talia who were on the dancefloor.     
Ashton and Talia were holding hands and moving left-right, so it was not a big deal, but Ashton's grin rubbed Damon the wrong way. He really wanted to go there and slap some sense into the kid. Why couldn't he accept that Talia was taken? Ashton should go and play with other midgets or chase girls his size, and leave Talia alone!     
Keith was among the guests, keeping an eye on Talia, but Ashton didn't count as a threat to Talia's safety so Damon couldn't count on Keith to take out that kid that was like a thorn in Damon's side.     
"I hope you can overlook Arya's indiscretion," Cristian said to Damon.     
Damon peeled his eyes away from Talia to look at Cristian who joined him at the bar without Damon noticing.     
"Do you ask for forgiveness for all your generals or is this one special?"     
Cristian didn't miss Damon's mocking tone and he wondered who else thought that Arya had special privileges.     
"Arya joined this pack fifteen years ago as an orphan and I feel responsible for her shortcomings. But she is a good kid."     
Damon snorted. "I'm sure you will say that your son is a good one also, yet look at him trying to take my mate away."     
"He is just a child."     
"Is that your answer to everything? Children should be forgiven no matter how big a mess they make? Last time I checked, ignorance and lack of experience didn't count as valid excuses for mistakes," Damon said stiffly. Cristian was about to say something else, but Damon raised his hand. "Your son is over the line, but I'm not a child-beater. However, don't blame me if Talia doesn't respond to his invitations going forward. And don't worry about your general. As long as she doesn't cause more trouble, I won't pursue this matter. Talia is an Alpha and she can take care of herself, but to me, Talia is my mate, my Luna, my family, and I will do anything to ensure she is happy. No one can act freely and disrespect her."     
Cristian nodded in understanding.     
"What's with the stiff atmosphere?"     
Damon and Cristian turned toward the voice to see Tony approaching them.     
"Am I interrupting something?" Tony asked.         
"No," Damon responded. "We were just done." Damon glanced behind Tony to see that Kalina and Michelle were chatting, and Damon wished that Talia stops dancing with that shrimp and sit with the ladies.     
With Tony joining, the atmosphere between Damon and Cristian was less tense, but neither of the three was able to relax completely as they were getting updates through their pack links from warriors that were spread through the area.     
Maddox didn't join, because Tanya was pregnant and he didn't want to risk her safety, but his Beta Oliver was in attendance. Oliver was also mentally communicating with warriors from the Blue River pack.     
"Do you mind if I join?" Alpha Adam of the Silverfur asked as he approached Cristian, Damon, and Tony.     
Cristian gestured to Alpha Adam to go ahead. "Are you enjoying the party?"     
"Yes, yes. It's been a while since I attended an event without a business agenda."     
Damon didn't approve of Alpha Adam's presence, but this was not his party, so he didn't voice his complaints.     
The Silverfur pack was usually staying neutral, acting only if their interests were in jeopardy and trying not to stir waves. That put them in a position of not having enemies, but not having any loyal allies either. Everything was a business transaction, which meant that Alpha Adam will side with whoever gives him more benefits, and Damon hated such people. Especially since Alpha Adam sent his Beta's daughter, Jade, to stir trouble for him and Talia.      
Alpha Adam was in his early forties. Age-wise, he didn't belong to this younger group of Alphas, but he didn't quite get along with the older generation either because they thought of him as young and less experienced. He was caught in an awkward gap between two groups, and he was doing the best he could to provide for his pack.      
"I was wondering…" Alpha Adam started while his eyes darted from Damon to Cristian, "How are things going since you opened your borders to merge territories?"     
"We didn't merge our territories," Damon said stiffly. "We came to an agreement that we won't be hostile toward each other, and due to that, we relaxed security on the borders we are sharing."     
"You can call it that way, if you want," Alpha Adam said. "Do you see benefits of doing that? Any faults with it?"     
"I'm sure you are aware of the benefits and dangers, Alpha Adam," Cristian said. "We are all friends here, so how about you get to the point?"     
Alpha Adam scratched the back of his head. "Well… I was wondering if you will consider letting my pack in on that."     
---     
Author's note: You can see pics of the Pascal family in the comments     
###Chapter 846: Ashton's birthday party (2)
Chapter 846: Ashton's birthday party (2)
Damon and Cristian exchanged quick glances like they were confirming if they heard the same thing.          
The Silverfur pack was placed on to the East of the Dark Howlers pack, and it also shared a border with the Spring Leaf pack.     
"No need for such a reaction," Alpha Adam said. "I am just trying to get more information. Are there some conditions I need to fulfill? Is there any transaction between you to keep this open-borders policy afloat?"     
"You want to open your borders to our packs?" Damon was visibly surprised. Damon thought Alpha Adam would ask about Jade, and the conditions for releasing her from forced-labor punishment that was documented by the WW Magazine, and not discuss an alliance.     
Alpha Adam pressed his lips into a line. "Is that so unexpected? Everyone would be attracted to the possibility of not needing to guard a certain stretch of the border. With fewer patrols needed, I can strengthen the ones along borders facing rogues and ease the load my warriors have. If we make this work, your two packs and the Blue River pack will be my allies. Even if you don't like me, you will come to my aid because if my territory is breached, it means that enemies can come to you easily." He glanced at Tony. "As a bonus, I am on good terms with Alpha Peter of the Evenfang pack. The South side of his territory borders the Lightclaw pack, and we could be the bridge to Alpha Anthony joining this alliance."     
Damon couldn't believe this. It's not that just Alpha Adam wanted in, but he was negotiating for Alpha Peter too!? Alpha Peter was a bit older than Alpha Adam, but they were the same kind, both officially neutral and watching only for their own interests.     
How Damon saw this, opening up borders to them would be an invitation to disasters on many levels.      
"This is an interesting offer, Adam," Cristian said calmly. "We will consider it. However, as you know, we can't make that decision without involving Alpha Maddox; before we decide on anything, we will conduct a thorough investigation that must end with positive conclusions from all parties involved. If Alpha Peter is interested in opening up his borders, maybe the two of you should consider such a deal before you join our negotiating table. If you approach us to join as you are now, we will look at each of your packs individually."     
The Spring Leaf pack was not the biggest, strongest, and definitely not the wealthiest, and they didn't have any hidden weapons either. The position of the Spring Leaf pack was secured by negotiating ability of Alpha Cristian. He was an Alpha, but he could read the room and navigate the conversation with such skill that he could slam a refusal into someone's face without offending the other party.     
Considering that Alphas were known for their explosive temper and pushing their agenda at any cost, Alpha Cristian was an odd one.     
Alpha Adam nodded while Cristian was talking, and then he left, pleased with the response.     
"Are you serious about considering those two?" Damon asked when Alpha Adam was out of earshot.     
Cristian shrugged. "Who knows? Let him play with Peter, and we will see how that turns out." Seeing Damon's obvious disapproval, Cristian asked, "Weren't you the one who spoke about a dream of unifying all our territories? I remember a speech about how that would eliminate rogues and allow us to move freely, which will also increase chances of our people finding their fated mates."     
Damon said those things, but those were Talia's ideas. At that time, people didn't know that Talia was his mate, so Damon spoke in her place. It was her dream for everyone to live in peace, and Damon wished for the power to make it come true. Unifying territories of three packs was a step forward, but it was far from the end goal.     
Tony released a long breath. "I wish my territory is closer to yours." They were allies, but Tony shared borders not only with the Evenfang pack but also with the Red Moon pack, and that was a big headache. If Alpha Edward attacked, Tony would be defeated before any reinforcements arrived.     
"Me too," Damon said honestly.     
It's not that Damon was buddy-buddy with Tony, but the Lightclaw pack was closest to the portal to the Midnight Guardians pack. If they could connect their borders, it would be easier for everyone to move around.     
Unfortunately, Damon didn't trust Alpha Adam and Alpha Peter. If they opened borders with them, it meant that those two would know about witches and abilities, and Damon was not ready to share that information with the world; No one was ready for that, yet Damon could feel that a storm was coming.      
Cristian's eyes lost focus for a moment. "My patrols caught some movements." He glanced to check the time. It was not time to end the party, but it was not early either. "I will get the kids out of here."     
Cristian issued several commands through the mind-link, and the band stopped playing music.     
Cristian went to the stage and took the microphone. "I want to thank everyone for coming here tonight to celebrate Ashton's sixth birthday. I'm glad to see you are having fun, but I must remind you that we have kid-friendly activities in the morning that start at seven o'clock. I will leave it to parents to decide when to put their children to sleep. We want you fresh and energized because we will build rafts and have a race on the river."     
"YEAH!" A bunch of kids screamed, making grownups burst into laughter.      
Cristian thanked everyone again, and the people started dispersing.     
Guesthouses had tight security, so they were safe from the rogues. With most of the members of the Spring Leaf pack in shelters, the people left in the area were warriors and high-ranking members who were aware of the situation.     
Ashton was reluctant to leave Talia's side, but he left with Luna Michelle's parents after Talia promised to watch him during the raft-building activity.     
When Ashton was out of sight, Talia's smile faltered, and she looked at Damon with concern. 'What's going on, Damon?' She didn't have the pack mind-link, but she knew the plan, and the fact that kids and most of the grownups left, told her that something was happening.         
'We have confirmed sightings of rogues,' Damon responded through their mind link. 'Do you want to go…'     
'I'm staying with you,' Talia responded with finality.     
Damon was now by her side. He cupped her cheeks with his palms and looked at her with all the concern in the world. "Kitten…"     
"No, Damon. I am not backing out from this. I know what you are going to say. I am aware of the dangers, and I am aware of my condition. You might think I'm foolish, but I want to remind you of the fact that whenever something bad happened, we were apart. We need to stay together, Damon."     
Damon frowned in disapproval, but he knew she was right. If it were up to him, he would ask her to go into a shelter, but that was not Talia. Even before she knew they were mates and that she had powers, Talia didn't go to a shelter. His kitten was always in the middle of a fray. Reckless kitten. His kitten.     
Damon leaned to peck her lips. "Stay close to me."     
Talia wrapped her arms around him. "There is no other place I would rather be."     
Damon exhaled in defeat, and then he kissed her again.     
###Chapter 847: An ambush (1)
Chapter 847: An ambush (1)
Note: Pic of Arya is in the comments of chapter 841         
---     
Cristian was on top of the situation.     
Patrols from the Spring Leaf pack identified several places where rogues were hiding, and they swiftly formed several groups, each with Alphas present. Their goal was to attack rogues. None of them were willing to wait and see what rogues were up to.     
Their mission was to eliminate threats while trying to catch some alive, so they could interrogate them.     
Beta Oliver was securing guest houses with warriors from the Blue River pack.     
Luna Michelle was not a warrior. After confirming that Ashton was asleep and well guarded, she went to the shelter to assure their people things were under control.     
Liam and Amelia were in the group led by Alpha Cristian. Amelia was excited to be part of this. She never saw anything like it.     
Pierce and Daria went with Tony and Kalina. They volunteered to join that group because Daria wanted to be with her sister.     
The idea to mix up teams came from Alpha Cristian. He thought it would be easier to share updates because each can communicate with members of their own pack.     
Damon and Talia moved together with Keith and a group of ten warriors.     
'It would be better if it were just the two of us,' Talia spoke to Damon through their private mind-link.     
'You want a piece of this?' Damon asked teasingly and flexed his muscles.     
He was wearing only shorts, and he knew that Talia enjoyed checking him out. Other warriors were also scarcely dressed, but Talia had eyes only for Damon. Damon approved.     
'I don't want a piece. I want all of you,' Talia responded right away. 'I wish it's only the two of us because you are immune to my powers. It will be difficult for me to aim, so I don't harm our people.'     
Damon shot a side-glance at Keith. Keith's injuries healed from how Talia blasted him in the cave, and since then, Keith had minimal interaction with Talia, keeping it strictly business-only. Damon guessed that Keith was feeling guilty about what happened when Talia was in heat, and Damon wouldn't mind if Talia blasted Keith again, just in case the measly coach gets any other funny ideas in the future.     
Damon was truly torn about Keith. On one side, he was a capable warrior and the most loyal person, the perfect candidate to watch over Talia. And on another side, Keith couldn't conceal his admiration for Talia, admiration that went beyond what a warrior should feel for his Luna. If Damon dismissed Keith, Talia would lose a capable guard, but keeping him didn't sound good either.     
'Damon?' Talia's voice sounded in Damon's head, reminding him that they were in the middle of a conversation when he spaced out.     
'Yes, yes. Don't worry about harming our people. If you want to blast anyone, let me know, and I will mind-link them. Or… how about they duck when you whistle?'     
Talia liked that. 'That sounds great, but I'm not much of a whistler. How about they duck if I shout "duck"?'     
After a second, Damon responded, 'Done.'     
Talia knew that he had already mind-linked others about this.     
'Damon?'     
'Yes, kitten?'     
'I want us to hurry with my Luna ceremony. I need the pack mind-link, so that I can communicate properly with everyone.'     
'Alright. We can do what Max and Tanya did. A private ceremony for the pack, and we can have a big party later.'         
A few moments later, Talia called again, 'Damon?'     
'Yes?'     
'Don't get hurt. If you do, we can't have our ceremony.'     
Damon smiled. Her concern was genuine, and he found it cute that Talia was chatty because she was nervous.     
'Kitten?'     
'Yes?'     
'Relax. It will be alright.'     
Talia released a long breath. Damon could pick up her anxiousness, and it was affecting him as well. She needed to be his support and not a burden. Talia had to admit that when they were planning for this, the forest was not this dark and not so scary, and she was definitely not this tense.     
Talia admired Damon. Whenever it counted, he was composed and focused on what he needed to do, like now.      
'You are amazing,' Talia said through their mind-link.     
Damon paused and looked at her questionably. 'Where did that come from? I need details!'     
Talia was alerted. People behind them also stopped and were looking around, searching for danger, or whatever reason caused Damon to stop.     
'I was just saying what was on my mind. Can we move before people get suspicious?'     
'I will expect an explanation on that. Later.' He turned to the front and narrowed his eyes. 'Stay behind me, kitten.'     
'I don't think it's going to work that way,' Talia protested. If she was behind him, how was she supposed to fight?     
'Fine!' Damon snapped. 'How IS it going to work? How are you expecting me to fight the rogues while I worry sick about my mate and my pup?'     
'Damon,' Talia called. 'I get it. You are nervous. I am nervous as well. But just as I believe in you, I need you to believe in me.'     
Instead of answering, Damon raised his arm, which was a signal to everyone to freeze.     
Talia didn't sense anything, but she trusted Damon's instincts.     
'Lis?' Talia called her wolf. 'Anything?'     
'Something is messing with my perception,' Liseli responded. 'And that means we are close to trouble.'     
'Did we walk into it without knowing?'     
'I don't think so. The surroundings were clear just a second ago. This is almost like…'     
'They were waiting for us,' Talia finished what Liseli was about to say.     
Talia focused on her surroundings, and she confirmed that everything was fuzzy. The jamming effect was stronger than the one she sensed in the Blue River pack.         
Talia tried a few things to confirm that her Alpha aura was obstructed, but the energy flow was normal, which meant she could use her abilities.     
'CRACK!'     
A sound of the branch breaking came from the left, and in the next moment, more than twenty rogues jumped from the foliage and went straight for them.     
Chaos erupted. Growls and whimpers everywhere.     
Talia couldn't see Damon anymore, but a black wolf was there, tearing into any rogue who dared to get close.     
Talia's heart was beating wildly, and she could feel her palms brimming with energy just in time when one wolf turned to her.     
Talia raised her hands, focusing on causing harm so the rogue couldn't get to her.     
A silent beam of light burst from her palms, cutting through the wolf like a hot knife through butter. He didn't have time to make a sound when he fell down a few steps away from Talia with his head split open. The nauseating scent of burned flesh and fur filled the space, and Talia swallowed the bile that rose in her throat.     
She couldn't believe she had done that.     
Before she could process what happened, a ferocious growl was heard from her left, and she saw a dark brown wolf coming her way. Another beam of light emitted from Talia's palms, and the rogue was cut in half before he realized what was happening.     
Damon noticed that his mind-link was not working, and he shifted into human form to shout, "LEAVE NO ONE ALIVE!" And then he turned into a black wolf again. He didn't want to risk any of these rogues fleeing and reporting what Talia could do.     
###Chapter 848: An ambush (2)
Chapter 848: An ambush (2)
The fight was ferocious, with growls and snarls everywhere.         
Talia stood in the middle of it with her expression devoid of emotions, and the only thing preventing her from dissolving into panic was that she needed to keep going for Damon and others who were fighting by her side.     
Talia fried and cut three more rogues, and then things turned silent.     
Seeing that they ran out of opponents, Damon quickly got by Talia's side and put his hand on her shoulder. That point of contact was her anchor, keeping her from falling apart. She would lean into him for support, but he was naked, and they had an audience.     
"Casualties!?" Damon shouted.     
"No one died from our side," Keith said. "And I believe we got them all."     
"My leg is bleeding," one shaky voice came from the back, and Talia moved that way.     
"We can take him to the pack hospital," Damon said while tightening his hold on Talia and preventing her from going there.     
Talia put her hand over Damon's. "I want to stop the bleeding."     
Damon didn't want her to reveal her abilities more than necessary, but he saw her determination, so he let her have it.     
Talia squatted next to the warrior who leaned away from her.     
Talia realized he was afraid. Well, the wolf-frying white laser beams from her palms freaked her out as well.     
"I won't harm you. I am here to help," she said. "Let me see your wound."     
The guy swallowed hard, but he didn't dare to refuse or move when he saw Damon's fierce gaze locked on him.     
Talia checked to see from where the blood was flowing, and then she put her hands above that area.     
Damon squatted next to Talia, observing in silence as her palms glowed. The wound was closing at speed visible to the naked eye.     
"Done," Talia announced. It was a good reminder that her hands were capable of healing.     
"Thank you, Luna," the warrior said.     
"I only did first aid. You should go to the pack hospital to get it treated further."     
"Pablo, go with him!" Keith instructed.     
Pablo was a guy who had a cut on his arm, but it was not too bad. However, the two of them could leave together as they were not in a position to fight properly.     
Talia turned to see Damon observing her intently.     
"How are you doing?" He asked.     
"I am… I will be fine." She looked around. "How come we didn't sense them? Even if those devices jammed our perception, didn't Cristian say they have infrared sensors?"     
The warrior from the Spring Leaf pack shook his head helplessly. "No alarms sounded in this area."     
Keith was inspecting one dead rogue, putting his hand on the body. "Infrared sensors detect heat. These guys are cold."         
Talia went there to touch the rogue's shoulder. It was icy.     
At a closer look, she saw runes drawn on his body, and she assumed that those were causing their body temperature to drop.     
"How did they know they should stay cold?" Talia asked.     
Damon rubbed his face with force. "They were ready for this. Cristian said that they set up infrared sensors in the last few days. Someone leaked the information."     
The thought of traitors was unsettling.     
"Is it possible that they assumed this would happen after the outcome at the Blue River pack?" Talia asked.     
Damon was not sure. "If that's the case, they have someone who can see the future."     
"Or a good strategist," Talia said, and Damon frowned.     
If the rogues had someone like James on their side, that could be disastrous.     
Damon tried not to think about it and to focus on the pressing matter. "No matter how they found out, we need to inform others. They could be walking into traps."     
If not for Talia and Damon taking out several rogues each with ease, the rest of the group would be in serious trouble.     
"Let's find those devices and turn them off, so our pack links work," Damon instructed, and people spread around to inspect the foliage.     
It didn't take long to find two devices, and the pack link was established with people from the Blue River pack. Beta Oliver confirmed that everything was quiet there.     
The pack link with the warriors from the Dark Howlers pack was spotty, and the ones who were in groups with Cristian and Tony were unreachable. However, they couldn't contact anyone from the Lightclaw pack or from the Spring Leaf pack.     
From the information they exchanged, no one else was fighting.     
"Let's hope we were the only ones who met rogues," Talia said. "Cristian and Tony probably walked into areas that are being jammed." Talia turned to Damon. "Does any of them know how to find these devices?"     
Damon was not sure.     
It was one thing to identify that the pack link was not working, but finding these gadgets was a different issue. If Talia didn't figure out a way to find those at the Blue River pack, the casualties would be multiplied.     
Sure, they can comb through the foliage to find them, but what if they are up in the trees or buried underground? Will rogues stay still and wait for their devices to be found and disabled?     
The biggest problem was that Cristian was confident the infrared sensors would alert him of any dangers, and Tony and Kalina were not experienced in these types of fighting.     
"We need to send someone there," Talia said.     
Damon's stiff expression told her that he disagreed.     
"There are eleven of us," Keith said. "We can send a few people…" His voice trailed when Damon growled.     
Talia put her hand on Damon's shoulder. "It's not wise to separate. But we can't ignore the fact that others might be in danger. How about we all move together?"     
Damon shook his head. "We need to secure this area." If they left, there would be an opening that rogues could take advantage of.         
'Damon,' Talia spoke to him through their mind-link. 'Let's send everyone else, and the two of us will stay here to complete our task. You saw my ability. I will attack from the distance, and you take care of anyone who gets too close.'     
Damon puffed his cheeks. He didn't like it, but she was right.     
"Keith, take four people and go to meet Alpha Cristian's group. Provide assistance if needed and inform them about what we found. The rest of you, go and meet with Alpha Anthony."     
Everyone obeyed Damon's order without ions.     
Damon looked in the direction nine warriors moved, hoping he didn't make a mistake. But he had to admit that Talia was like the Goddess of vengeance, slicing through rogues easily. She was fantastic, and if they were not surrounded by rogues, he would make love to her thoroughly right there, in the soft grass under their bare feet.     
Talia took Damon's hand into hers. "Come. Let's clear this area, so we can help our friends."     
Damon was glad to see Talia taking charge. He guessed that she was running on adrenalin, and she will probably be a mess tomorrow when she remembers what happened, but until then… he will enjoy seeing her kick ass.     
Damon and Talia moved stealthily while keeping an eye on their surroundings and talking through their mind-link.     
They found a few smaller groups of three-to-four rogues, and they took care of them with ease.     
Talia wondered how much more they had left when a sound of fighting got her attention.     
'Do you hear that?' Talia asked Damon.     
He nodded, and they rushed in that direction.     
###Chapter 849: Rescuing an ally
Chapter 849: Rescuing an ally
Talia paused at the sight of one wounded wolf who was surrounded by five rogues.         
Two unmoving rogues on the ground had their necks torn.     
Talia didn't recognize the wolf they came to rescue, but Damon said it smelled of the Spring Leaf pack as he shifted into his wolf and joined the fray.     
Talia's heart was beating wildly. The injured wolf was visibly wobbly, and the ones circling it only waited for a chance to deliver the fatal attack. This didn't look good.     
With Damon's appearance, four rogues turned to him, but one was still eyeing the chance to attack the wounded wolf, who seemed to be at the end of its rope.     
Talia wanted to get the baddies and save the ally, but she could not do so in one swift swoop. The injured wolf was too close, and Talia could harm it from that distance. Her anxiety rose when she saw that Damon, tired from running and fighting, was now facing four enemies.     
Talia steeled her resolve and got closer to the fight, and her hands shimmered in silvery light, ready to strike.     
Talia circled the group until she got close to one of the rogues focused on Damon, and then she rushed toward the rogue with her palms forward.     
Rogue's yelp was cut short when light from Talia's hands pierced his back and came out on the other end.     
Everyone froze.     
After a moment of stillness, rogues attacked like someone flipped a crazy switch.     
Damon told her that most of the rogues don't have good fighting skills, but their recklessness and ferociousness are making them dangerous enemies, and this was the perfect example of what he meant by it.     
Talia's palms flared, and Damon's fangs tore into flesh. They were attacking while avoiding deadly attacks, and a minute later, it was over.     
When Damon confirmed that the rogues were down, he shifted into his human form and dashed toward Talia.     
"Kitten, are you alright?" Damon asked while inspecting her visually.     
Talia looked at her bloodied hands. "It's not mine." When two rogues attacked her at the same time, Talia didn't have time to avoid them, and they were too close, so their blood splattered on her. The scent of blood and burned flesh was nauseating.     
Talia raised her gaze to see Damon. He didn't look much better, and some of those were definitely injuries. "What about you?"     
Damon shook his head. "I'm fine. Just a few scratches."     
Talia's eyes moved to find the wounded wolf, and her throat constricted when she saw it lying on the grass with hind legs twitching.     
Talia swiftly kneeled next to it and her hands lit up to deliver healing rays.     
With a whimper, the wolf started changing shape, transforming into a human.     
Talia stared at the familiar face. It was mangled and bloodied, but she recognized the person. Arya.     
Arya coughed weakly. "My unit… they attacked us… I came to lead rogues away… you need to help them…"     
"Don't move," Damon said sternly to Arya while pressing on her shoulder. Why did she try to get up? Her body was wracked with deep bites and scratches everywhere, and she had an open fracture on her left forearm. "You can't help anyone." And if her unit was fighting nearby, that was over.     
Talia's mind stuttered. There was so much blood.     
'Lis? Why is this not working?', Talia asked.         
'It's working, but her injuries are grave.'     
Images of Lulu dying flashed in Talia's mind, and her eyes filled with tears.     
'Help me, Lis. We can't let another one die.'     
Liseli was not moved. 'She looked down on us.'     
'But she is a good person. Didn't you hear that she was worried about her people?'     
Liseli grumbled in displeasure, but then Talia felt her output increasing.     
'This is as much as we can go without endangering your pup,' Liseli warned Talia.     
'I thought my baby is fine if I use my powers.'     
'If you use them, yes. But not if you run empty.'     
A whimper was heard from behind Talia, but she had no capacity to turn and see what was going on.     
'Damon?' Talia called through their mind link.     
'It's Keith,' Damon responded. 'He delivered the message and then rushed back to find us.'     
'Is he hurt?' Talia asked. Why else would he whimper?     
'Not that I can see…'     
Talia felt a presence on her left and she knew it was Keith. He was on his knees, right next to Talia, reaching to push Arya's hair off her face.     
Arya opened her eyes and stared at Keith in a moment of clarity, and then her eyes lost focus.     
"No… no…" Keith said under his breath. "Save her, Talia. You must save her." He pleaded.     
Talia glanced at Keith to see that his eyes were full of tears, and his desperation hit her hard.     
"I'm not sure how much I can do, Keith," Talia said honestly. "She needs medical help. Let me try closing this wound on her abdomen, and then you can take her to the hospital."     
Keith didn't move, and Damon's temper flared.     
'SLAP!'     
A fierce sting lit up Keith's left cheek, and pain radiated to startle him out of his daze.     
"Your Luna gave you an order," Damon growled. "You want this female saved? You need to work for it. Take her to the pack hospital, and don't you dare blame Talia if you lose your mate."     
Keith stared at Damon. A mate?     
Was that what his wolf was telling him?         
Keith was running to meet with Damon and Talia, and the sweet scent of cantaloupe reached him before he saw Damon and Talia on the ground, next to a wounded female.     
Keith's wolf was howling in his mind, scratching to get out, and Keith didn't understand what was going on, but he could feel the pull to get closer to the female.     
A mate. He found his mate!     
But why did it look like he would lose her before they even exchanged names? It shouldn't be like this!     
"Keith!" Talia exclaimed, making Keith snap to look at her. She knew that when mates meet, the couple in question is dazed to the point of turning stupid, but this was not the time to get lost in emotions.     
"Take her to the pack hospital, now. This is as much as I can do. She needs a doctor."     
Talia moved to the side, and Keith scooped Arya into his arms carefully while trying not to disturb her wounds, and the lack of her reaction tore his heart into pieces.     
"Feel the sparks, Keith," Talia said. "As long as you feel the sparks, there will be hope. Hurry!"     
Talia watched after Keith until he was lost among the foliage, and Talia plopped toward Damon, who was quick to catch her.     
"You did amazing, kitten," Damon spoke into her hair.     
"What if she doesn't make it?"     
"You can't blame yourself for that."     
"Keith will be devastated."     
"Try not to think about it." Or Keith. "You did as much as you could, and that's what counts."     
Talia felt comfortable in Damon's embrace. "Do we have time for rest?"     
"We can take a minute. There is one more area we need to check, and then we can rest."     
"Damon?"     
"Hmm?"     
"Don't you think that this is strange?"     
"What?"     
"Rogues. Just as it was in the Blue River pack, if they attacked together, they could cause damage. The perfect timing would be to attack during the party, yet they didn't. It all looked like a diversion."     
Damon agreed with this. It looked like a diversion, but a diversion for what?     
###Chapter 850: There is hope
Chapter 850: There is hope
Keith stormed into the pack hospital of the Spring Leaf pack with Arya in his arms.         
There was a clamor of people there as wounded were coming in from all directions, and nurses were moving among people who were sitting on chairs. They didn't have enough rooms to examine them properly, so the triaging and first aid were done in the waiting room.     
There were clashes with rogues in several areas, and even though no fatalities were reported among friendly units, there were a lot of injured.     
While coming here, Keith was holding Arya against his body, hoping that she could take his vitality or that his healing ability would be used on her.     
She smelled of cantaloupe, sweet and kind of musky, reminding him of a snack his mother used to serve on a hot summer day. Katya would do that now since they lived together. Keith loved cantaloupes so much that he would use them in his protein shake recipes.     
Keith looked at his cantaloupe-infused mate, and his heart tightened.     
The only thing preventing him from dissolving into rage and anguish were sparks that gently prickled his skin wherever they touched.     
Her body was a mess, yet she was beautiful. Why would such a delicate girl be in the forest, fighting rogues? It didn't make sense.     
Meeting a mate should be special. They would see each other and be smitten, and… this was wrong. Was his destiny to find his mate only to lose her? Isn't that the same as how he fell for Talia and found out she was taken?     
But this was worse… this was HIS mate, yet he was losing her.     
It didn't make sense.     
Keith stood in the middle of a crowd while looking around in the hope of seeing a doctor.     
"Medic!" Keith shouted. "I need a doctor!"     
A nurse threw him a side glance, and her eyes widened at the sight of Arya. Who didn't know the youngest female general in the army of the Spring Leaf pack?     
"This way!" The nurse waved at Keith. The warrior she was tending to was not in a critical condition.     
The nurse flipped Arya's eyelids to point a flashlight there, and then she pressed her fingers on Arya's wrist to check the pulse while asking Keith, "How long is she unconscious?"     
Keith shook his head. "I'm not sure. I found her in the forest, and I brought her here. Maybe ten minutes?" It felt like forever.     
The nurse glanced at Arya's body, and she frowned at the open fracture on Arya's arm. "We don't have rolling beds she could use. Can you carry her to radiology? We need to see what's going on inside before we administer any treatment."     
Keith had no intention of letting go of Arya, and he reluctantly kept her on the exam bed for the CT scan. Luckily, they took Arya immediately, despite a line of patients waiting in the hallway.     
By now, a doctor also appeared with another nurse, and Keith growled when the doctor reached to check under the hospital gown that was thrown over Arya.     
"You need to wait outside," a nurse told Keith. "There is radiation and…"     
"I'm not leaving," Keith said sternly. The sparks of their bond were getting fainter, and now that he was not touching her, they were gone completely. It was killing him from the inside.     
"You can't help here. You need to…"     
"I'm not leaving my mate!" Keith shouted. No one will separate him from that female. No one!     
Both nurses and the doctor looked at Keith briefly, and then the second nurse approached Keith.     
"We need to examine your mate's condition."         
Keith's frown eased when he heard the nurse address the female as his mate.     
Seeing that he relaxed a bit, the nurse asked, "How should we call you?"     
"Keith."     
"Keith. I am Betty. I assure you that we will do whatever we can to help your mate." Her soothing voice eased the tension in the room, and it was obvious that she had done that many times before. "It will take us at least ten minutes to get initial things done. How about you clean up and put some clothes on? You don't want your mate to see you like that when she wakes up, do you?"     
Keith looked at himself, and he realized that he was dirty. Other than the necklace with a broken pendant around his neck, he was completely naked with mud and blood on him. A lot of blood, most of it from the female he was carrying. His mate.     
The nurse nodded at the doctor to go ahead, and she led Keith outside. "Let me show you to the staff room. You can clean up there, and we have extra clothes. When you are done, you can meet us here or ask anyone for Betty, and I will bring you to your mate…"     
Keith cleaned up at record speed.     
When Keith came out of the shower with sweatpants and a t-shirt on, Arya was in surgery. Other than the open fracture that needed to be fixed, she also had internal injuries.     
Keith paced in front of the operating room.     
No one told him her name, and he didn't ask. He was determined to ask her when she woke up because she had to wake up. He wanted to hear her voice. It was important.     
The door opened, and Keith saw Arya being rolled out into the hallway. She was covered with a white sheet from shoulders down, and Arya was so pale that her complexion nearly matched it.     
"The surgery went well."     
Keith turned toward the voice to see Betty.     
"But?" Keith asked. He sensed there was more.     
"We did all we could. Her injuries were extensive and…" She released a long breath. "Her vitals are weak, but they are not gone. Your proximity will help. Skin-to-skin as much as possible. It could be the thing that makes the difference."     
Keith followed the bed that rolled down the hallway with Arya on it until it disappeared into one room. Betty and one more nurse were there also, helping attach Arya to monitors.     
Keith stared at his non-responsive mate, unaware that more people were in the room.     
"I'm sorry, we don't have private rooms," Betty said, pulling the curtain to give a resemblance of privacy between hospital beds. She put a chair next to the bed for Keith to sit.     
"Call me if you need something." Betty patted his shoulder and left the room.     
Keith stood there like a statue, wondering what he should do.     
Now that he could see her properly, Keith realized that the female was heavily bandaged, resembling a mummy. Yet all those bandages didn't diminish her sweet scent of cantaloupe.     
Betty told him to stay with the female, skin-to-skin contact, but even just holding hands seemed out of place. He just met her… actually, met was the wrong word because finding someone unconscious couldn't be called as meeting.     
Keith was aware that leaving was not an option. His wolf was scratching at the back of his mind, urging him to get closer to the female.      
Slowly, really slowly, Keith sat on the chair, and he extended his hand to hold hers.     
Keith inhaled a shaky breath when he felt the sparks prickling his palm. They were weak, but they were there.         
What did Talia say? Something about hope… that as long as he can feel the sparks, there was hope.     
###Chapter 851: Visiting a patient (1)
Chapter 851: Visiting a patient (1)
After clearing the rogues in their assigned area, Damon and Talia swept the forest on their way to the main house. There, they found warriors organized by Alpha Cristian and Beta Imre to patrol areas and help with the injured.         
Damon and Talia stayed there to help with the reports. They were relieved to see that no one from the Dark Howlers pack had more than a few scratches, and even though there were no fatalities among friendly units, some warriors required hospitalization.     
Tony, Kalina, Pierce, Daria, Amelia, and Liam helped interrogate captured rogues.     
Everyone was busy.     
When things calmed down, Talia asked Damon to head to the pack hospital. She wanted to check on Arya and Keith.     
Cristian also wanted to visit Arya, but then he heard that she had found her mate and was unconscious, so he gave up on going to the pack hospital. He couldn't help Arya, and there was a lot he could do there.     
Cristian decided to focus on matters at hand and will visit Arya after she wakes up, preferably with Luna Michelle, assuming Arya doesn't seek solitude with her mate right away.     
Damon asked Talia to rest first, but how could she rest when she knew that Arya's situation was not optimistic and she could help?     
Talia pushed the door open of the room to see curtains separating three spaces. A nurse told them that General Arya was on the far right.     
Other than the machines beeping, there were no other sounds in the room.     
Talia peered behind the curtain to see Keith sitting on the chair next to Arya's bed, holding her hand and staring at her bandaged face with a complex expression on his handsome face.     
"Hey," Talia called.     
Keith's head snapped toward the sound, and he bolted to his feet.     
"Talia, I didn't notice…" Keith's voice trailed as another figure appeared behind her, and Keith lowered his head. "Alpha Damon."     
Talia raised her hand, indicating to Keith to sit. "How is she doing?"     
Keith's gaze drifted toward Arya. "Uhm… the same."     
Talia got on Arya's left and observed her. Talia remembered Arya as a beautiful and prideful she-wolf, and none of those were visible now.     
"Your mate is brave," Talia said to Keith. "Her unit was attacked by rogues, and she acted as bait to increase the chances of others to survive." They saw that information in reports. "Thanks to her, no one in her unit was seriously injured. She was outnumbered, yet she fought bravely."     
Keith had an odd mixture of feelings while listening to Talia praising Arya. Somehow, it was like one girlfriend praising another, and Keith felt like a cheater.     
He knew it didn't make sense, but then… his feelings for Talia didn't diminish. The only thing that changed was that another female came into the picture. Arya's existence in Keith's life would be wonderful if Arya were not unconscious on the hospital bed.     
It was messed up, and he didn't get it, but he remembered how Cassandra said his luck was tied to Talia's. Is this what Cassandra meant, that Talia will save his mate?     
"Can you help her?" Keith asked Talia.     
Talia smiled a little. "That's why I'm here."     
Talia raised her hands and paused halfway. "I want to warn you not to get your hopes high. There is a limit to how much I can do."     
Talia's body recuperated since she and Damon faced rogues; after all, she was an Alpha. However, her energy was returning slowly. Liseli said it was because Talia overworked herself overnight, and the best thing would be to sleep, but Talia couldn't sleep while knowing that Arya's life was hanging by a thread.     
Talia was not confident that she could heal Arya completely, but even if she could help a little bit, it would be worth it.         
Damon was unwilling to let Talia do this, but she promised to watch out for herself and not endanger their baby. After all the stress Talia went through in one night, Damon couldn't say no to her. He knew that if Arya didn't make it, Talia would blame herself forever. Just how she is blaming herself for Lulu's death.      
Talia placed her hands above Arya's body, and her palms lit up in silvery light.     
Talia was about to close her eyes and focus when she noticed something odd. There was a strand of energy going toward Keith like something was attracting it.     
Talia thought of something. "Keith? Are you wearing the necklace Cassandra gave you?"     
Keith was embarrassed to admit it, but he couldn't lie either. "Yes."     
"Can I see it?" Talia asked.     
Keith reached behind his neck to open the clasp.     
Talia observed the cracked stone intently.     
"Do you know what that is?" Damon asked.     
"I think so," Talia responded.     
When Talia accessed the second part of the message her mother left in the necklace Talia was wearing, Talia received a lot of information about the Guardians, their abilities, and how they use energies. More than half of the information was too esoteric to understand, but this necklace reminded her of a storage device for abilities.     
Guardians could store their abilities in specific containers for others to use. Each Guardian took pride in what they could do, so these items were rare, normally given to lovers as a sign of sincerity, symbolizing one's commitment to a relationship. It was like giving a part of themselves.     
Talia was unsure if she could do anything about the cracked necklace, but she thought it would be worth a try. Her healing could fix flesh; why not a rock? Actually, that was not a simple rock; it was a special material, able to contain energies that would normally dissipate.     
She held the pendant and channeled her healing on the palm that started glowing in silvery light.     
The light pulsated and intensified by the moment.     
Damon was not happy about this. They came here to fix Arya so that Keith could have his mate (and leave Talia alone) and not to fix jewelry.     
Damon was on the verge of snapping and telling her to stop it when…     
'CRACK'     
A sharp sound emanated from Talia's palm, and the silvery light abruptly got sucked into the white stone that was vibrant now.     
Keith's eyes widened in wonder.     
Talia grinned while inspecting the results of her work. She confirmed that her attempt was successful. She fixed the necklace!     
"Here you go," Talia said to Keith while handing him the necklace. "I filled it with my energy. It will activate under the right conditions, and since this has a purpose of protecting and healing if you are close to your mate, it will speed up her healing process."     
Keith took the white rock that was warm to the touch. "Thank you, Talia."     
Damon groaned in displeasure. He didn't like that Keith addressed Talia without her title. But Talia told him it was fine because Keith was the head of her guards, and they met when she was a nobody, and Keith treated her well.     
Maybe to others, that wouldn't be a big deal, but to Talia, who was neglected and bullied for two decades, Keith was one of the first friendly faces who welcomed her with a smile, without judging her based on appearance or lack of background.         
From Talia's point of view, Keith deserved to address her casually. Besides, whenever outsiders were present, Keith would address her formally.     
###Chapter 852: Visiting a patient (2)
Chapter 852: Visiting a patient (2)
Talia took a deep breath and assessed her state. She still had energy left.         
'Lis?' Talia called her wolf.     
'I am here.'     
'I need your help.'     
Liseli didn't respond, but Talia could sense that Liseli was present and focused. They will do this together.     
Talia's palms lit up and for the next minute or so, she was focused on healing Arya.     
It was not much, but the monitors attached to Arya's body became livelier, beeping in a steady rhythm, almost at the rate of the other two heart rate monitors in the room, on the other side of the privacy curtain.      
"I'm sorry I can't do more," Talia said to Keith. "You should call a doctor to see the progress now. I will be back in the afternoon after I rest."     
Keith looked at Talia gratefully. "I don't know how to thank you."     
Talia's lips formed a tired smile. "Please, don't go there, Keith. I am your Luna. It is my duty to take care of my people."     
Damon puffed his chest proudly. Talia addressed herself as his Luna, and he couldn't be happier about it. Also, Talia reminded Keith of her position.     
Talia was sorry that she couldn't do more. She could see Keith's uncertainty and dejection, and she couldn't blame him. Talia knew very well what it meant to have little to no confirmation that the other person was your mate. Validating that sparks of the mate bond existed and that she was not crazy meant the world to her, and she was confident that Keith will feel the same joy when Arya wakes up and confirms that Keith is her mate.     
Talia was about to leave when she remembered one thing.     
"Why are you holding her hand?" Talia asked Keith.     
"What should I do?"     
"Your proximity will help her get better," Talia said. "Why don't you climb into bed with her?"     
Keith lowered his gaze. "I'm not sure if it's appropriate. I mean… What if she hates it?"     
Talia shook her head. "You are mates. How can she hate it?" Talia turned to look at Damon. "I remember when Damon was hurt. At that time, I didn't know we were mates, and I couldn't feel the sparks of our bond, but I had a feeling that I should stay close to him. I climbed into his bed and clung to him, and… it helped. Doctor Travis said that Damon had a nearly miraculous recovery thanks to me."     
Keith cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "Yeah. Because you can do… your thing."     
Talia pointed at the necklace that was hanging around Keith's neck. "You can do it also, Keith. Good luck."     
Keith looked into the gap of the curtain through which Talia and Damon disappeared, and then he turned to look at Arya.     
His wolf urged him to get closer and hold the female, but his human half told him that she was a stranger. But then… Talia told him that it would help, so Keith steeled his resolve, and slowly, very slowly, he lowered himself onto the bed next to Arya.     
He was not sure where to put his arms without hurting her, so he laid sideways with one arm under his head, and with the other hand he reached to hold Arya's.     
The sparks of their bond prickled his palm, and he hoped they were stronger than before and that he was not just imagining it.     
…     
Talia and Damon walked back to the guest house that Cristian had arranged for them.         
Talia promised to meet Ashton for breakfast and join in their morning activities of raft building, and racing, and whatever else they've got planned for kids, but Talia was not in the mood to party, and she feared it would show.     
Damon asked Michelle for the food to be delivered to the guesthouse where they were staying, and he said that they wouldn't attend activities because Talia needed rest.     
Of course, Michelle accommodated that request, and she said that she would explain it to Ashton.     
The walk was no more than a few minutes long, and Talia enjoyed the silence. She observed the forest around them and marveled how everything seemed peaceful like last night didn't happen. There were no signs of rogues, no scent of blood, no sounds of fighting.     
"What's on your mind, kitten?"     
"How life continues, no matter what happens."     
Damon hummed ambiguously.     
"Damon?"     
"Yes, kitten?"     
"Do you have an idea who the traitor is?"     
Damon puffed his cheeks. "It could be anyone. Probably more than one."     
"More than one?"     
"Just how Zina talked to Steph, and it reached rogues, not everyone is a traitor. Some are just excited to share the good news." Damon could see it happening. "Omegas could be gushing how their Alpha prince will have a fantastic party, and then someone asks if it's safe, and they say something like…" Damon changed his voice to make it higher, like a female was talking, "Of course, it's safe. Alpha ordered infrared sensors to be set up everywhere." He changed to his normal voice, "And someone overheard it."     
Talia nodded in agreement. It was a possible scenario.     
"So then, what do we do? How can we prevent people from talking? Do we keep everything to ourselves?"     
Damon didn't have the right answers.     
"The fewer people know about it, the safer we will be," he said.     
"Should we live secretive lives as recluses?"     
Damon loved that idea… just Talia and him, and no one else… but he knew it was impossible.     
"There is another side to it," he said. "Secrets have the power to backfire only while you keep them as secrets. If you announce them to the world, for everyone to know, the secrets become less dangerous."     
Talia thought of something. "If we announce the existence of Guardians to everyone and what they can do, can that benefit us?"     
"Absolutely," Damon said without missing a beat. "People will be aware of them and develop strategies to resist Guardians' powers. However, there is also a chance that some will panic, and some will seek Guardians in a desire to work for them."     
Talia liked when Damon would share his wisdom. His voice would be deep and soothing, and she had a feeling that he knew everything.     
"Tell me more," Talia demanded.     
"About?"         
"About anything. I love to hear your voice."     
Damon paused and his smile reflected in his eyes. "How about I tell you how much I love you?"     
"I'm all ears," Talia said dreamily.     
"Ah!" She exclaimed when he scooped her into his arms without warning and started running.     
"What are you doing?" She thought he will express his love, and not… this. Whatever it was.     
"You said you want to hear how much I love you," Damon said in a steady tone, even though he was running. "For that, I will let my body talk." He shot her a devilish smile that stirred something funny in her stomach.     
Talia gasped as graphic images of the two of them flashed in her mind. Naked on the sofa, on the bed, on the floor, against the wall…     
"Damon…" She tried to sound angry, but she was already aroused, so her protest sounded more like meowl.     
Damon laughed and increased his pace. They were seconds away from the guesthouse. His kitten wanted confirmation of how much he loved her, and he was eager to show her by guiding her to heaven with the movements of his hips.     
###Chapter 853: Crude awakening (1)
Chapter 853: Crude awakening (1)
Alpha Cristian and Luna Michelle went that evening to visit the injured in the pack hospital. They wanted to thank them for their service and to wish them a speedy recovery.         
With many warriors in a non-critical state being sent home early, the hospital seemed peaceful. However, the rooms were packed, and some had double or triple patients than they were designed for. Luckily, most patients were kept for twenty-four hours observation and will be discharged during the night or in the morning. Their enhanced werewolf healing was a good thing.     
Alpha Cristian and Luna Michelle wanted to check on the injured now, as tomorrow they will be dispersed everywhere through the territory of the Spring Leaf pack, and it would be more time consuming to see every warrior who suffered for their pack.     
Nurses were fussing about their Alpha and Luna being present. It was an official visit, and it was a big deal. They took turns explaining who was in each room and their conditions before Alpha and Luna entered.     
It was nurse Betty's turn to talk about the room where Arya was.     
"General Arya is stable, and she should wake up soon," Betty said.     
Cristian was surprised to hear this. "The reports said she was seriously injured. Are you sure about her waking up soon, or are you just trying to spare us the bad news?"     
Betty bobbed her head. "General Arya arrived in a bad state, but her mate stayed with her all the time. He barely ate anything. The commitment between mates impacts how much the bond will boost each other's healing, and I can tell you that the young man from the Dark Howlers pack is one of the most committed mates I've seen. Her healing rate is miraculous. If we were not reluctant to wake her up, we would remove most of the bandages hours ago."     
Cristian and Michelle exchanged glances and smiled. It was good news to hear that Arya was doing well, and the second good thing was that Keith was taking care of her well.     
"Will we bother them if we visit?" Cristian asked.     
It's common for newly mated couples to seek privacy, which applies to more than carnal pleasures. It's a sensitive time as they are getting to know each other. Their souls and bodies get synchronized as the bond strengthens and allows them to exchange emotions, to become as one in more than just merging physically.     
"We can take a peek," Michelle said. "If they are sleeping, we won't disturb them."     
Now that Arya had found her mate, Michelle was hoping that Arya would give up on whatever attachment she had to Cristian. Michelle wanted to see Arya and Keith holding each other and being lovey-dovey, and she wanted Cristian to see them like that so that he would stop treating Arya like she was his responsibility.     
Michelle knew Cristian loved her; she could feel his sincerity through their bond, so she didn't think he would cheat on her, no matter how pretty or clingy Arya was. But she could also feel his concern for the girl, and Michelle didn't like it. After all, Michelle was Cristian's mate, and she noticed that Cristian was giving Arya more of him than he did to other pack members.     
Sure, Cristian had his reasons. He saw Arya as a child, Arya didn't have anyone else, but none of those appeased Michelle's discomfort with the situation.     
Betty waited in the hallway as her Alpha and Luna went in.     
Michelle was the first one to peek through the gap of the curtain.     
"Aww… look at them," Michelle said softly.     
Keith was curled around Arya with his face stuck in her hair. They were both sleeping. Arya had a lot of bandages covering her, but they couldn't cover that she looked peaceful.     
Cristian pulled the curtain to see, and the 'krrrr' sound was louder than anyone expected.     
Arya stirred from her sleep, and after one drowsy blink, her eyes snapped open.     
"Alpha…" Arya called while trying to get up.     
Cristian was quick to get by Arya's side. "No, no… don't get up."     
Arya was disoriented, and the pain medications numbed any aches that should be there.     
Keith groaned. He felt someone move next to him, and then he heard a female's voice.     
Keith was half-asleep, but he realized that a male was getting close to his mate.         
With a ferocious growl, Keith pushed Cristian back. "Stay away from her!"     
Arya was alerted. She didn't realize that someone was there, on her bed, so close. And it was a man.     
Keith didn't remove his glare from Cristian as he got off the bed, his muscles rippling as he was ready to attack.     
"You… you…" Arya needed a moment to collect herself. Keith was tense like he was about to jump on Cristian and start a fight.     
"How dare you act against my Alpha?" Arya asked.     
Keith's head snapped to look at her. "What did you say?" The idea that she would side with a man other than him was breaking his heart into pieces.     
"That's my Alpha," Arya said to Keith. Anguish swelled within her, and she didn't know from where it came, but it overpowered the medications she was under. "You attacked him. That's unacceptable."     
Keith didn't know how to deal with Arya's accusing glare.     
The air was thinning, and he felt like walls were closing in on him, threatening to crush him, and whatever was left of his heart.     
That was his mate, right there. He could feel the bond. It was supposed to be wonderful. Everyone told him that finding a mate is magical, yet since last night he was uncertain, and now… he was nearly certain that his mate didn't want him.     
Keith jabbed his hand into his hair. "Fuck this!" He cursed loudly and stormed out of the room.     
Cristian felt guilty for this misunderstanding. He didn't mean to appear like he was trying to get his hands on Arya, but it happened, and Keith saw him as a threat, and Arya only added oil to the fire.     
Cristian glanced at Michelle. "I will go after him."     
Arya was blinking in confusion while looking at the door she could see clearly because Keith pushed the curtain all the way when he left.     
"Who is that man?" Arya asked with disapproval in her voice.     
Michelle folded her arms over her chest. "Who do you think he is?"     
"How does he dare attack Alpha?"     
"Maybe because he was defending you."     
"Defending me? Why would I need defending from my Alpha?"     
"That's not how your mate saw it."     
Arya froze. "Mate? How can he be my mate?"     
Michelle shook her head. "Do you remember how you found yourself in the hospital? Of course, you don't. If Alpha Damon and Luna Talia didn't save your ass in the forest, you would be torn into pieces by rogues. And if your mate didn't bring you to the pack hospital, you would bleed out there. He got you here and didn't leave your side. Not even for a minute. He cared for you. He abandoned his position as Luna Talia's guard and is risking severe punishment so that he could be with you. And what did you do? The first thing you did was siding against him for a man who is mated!"     
"That's not what…"     
"Bullshit!" Michelle exclaimed. "Only blind people don't see how you are looking at Cristian! That's MY mate, and I will be damned if I let you put your hands on him. I am not a warrior, but that doesn't mean I can't keep my mate away from shameless women like you."     
###Chapter 854: Crude awakening (2)
Chapter 854: Crude awakening (2)
Arya was gaping at Michelle. Michelle was always calm and composed, a perfect Luna, and this was a woman with a belly full of anger who was baring her fangs to defend what was hers. And the worst thing was that Michelle's Alpha aura was pressing on Arya to the point of numbing her reasoning.         
Arya lowered her head. "I apologize, Luna Michelle. I admire Alpha Cristian, but I know you are his mate and that he adores you. I would never…"     
"Good that you know," Michelle interrupted her. "Now, act like it. The Moon Goddess gave you your mate, and instead of embracing him, you blew it. If he has half of the pride as a warrior, you will have a tough time getting him to forget what you did."     
Arya felt wronged. She had no idea who Keith was, nor did she feel the bond. Sure, he was handsome, but why would she side with a stranger over a man who practically raised her?     
Cristian was not an Alpha of the Spring Leaf pack when Arya was a child, and he kept an eye on her as she was growing up. But she couldn't see him as a father figure. Cristian was not much older than Arya when thinking in terms of werewolf aging. Fourteen years. When she is thirty, he will be forty-four, but... that will never happen. Arya knew that much.     
No matter how much out of reach Alpha Cristian was, Arya couldn't just accept a guy she had just met as her forever-mate. And they didn't even meet! She opened her eyes to see him attack her Alpha, and then he stormed out, and that was it.     
"How do I know he is my mate?" Arya asked Michelle. "What if he is with me because of my looks?"     
Michelle snorted, and she reached into her purse to fish out a hand mirror. "Your looks? Maybe you should see yourself."     
Arya opened the mirror, and her eyes widened in shock. She was mostly bandaged, and parts of her skin that were visible were bruised. She was a mess.     
"As for feeling the bond," Michelle said. "Close your eyes, Arya. Feel the emotions that are flowing into you. The man spent a day by your side. I'm confident your bond is strong enough to sense each other."     
Arya released a long breath and closed her eyes. She could feel the anger and confusion and… "He is hurt. He thinks I betrayed him."     
Michelle wanted to say that he was not wrong, but then she saw Arya getting up.     
"You should stay in bed."     
"No. I can't stay here. Not when my mate thinks I was siding with another man over him."     
"That's exactly what you did, Arya," Michelle said sternly. "You need to learn that actions have consequences. If you are going to keep your appearance of a prideful ice princess, you should stay in bed and let that man move on."     
Move on!? The idea of never seeing Keith again was making her stomach twist into painful knots. "What do you mean?"     
"Bond works both ways, Arya. You can feel his emotions, and he can feel yours. If you are not sincere, he will know. Don't insult the man who saved your life by telling him you care when you don't."     
…     
Outside…     
Keith stormed out of the pack hospital, and he stared at the dark sky while taking deep breaths.     
His wolf protested, urging him to return and be with mate, but Keith couldn't. He didn't want to go there and see his mate caring for another man.     
Keith looked at the Moon and wondered if this was the Moon Goddess' idea of a joke. Or was she set on torturing him?     
"Keith!" Alpha Cristian called while running toward him.     
"Stay away from me!" Keith growled.     
"Listen, let me explain."     
Keith snapped to look at Cristian. "Explain, what exactly? How are you going to explain that my mate prefers you than me? Are you sleeping with her?"         
"What? No!"     
"I never saw a she-wolf stand up for a man like that unless he is family or lover. Your scent doesn't match, so you can't be family. If you are not sleeping with her, how do you explain her behavior?"     
Cristian puffed his cheeks. "It's not like that. Arya is like a daughter…"     
Keith's ears were buzzing. There it was… the name… Arya. Keith told nurses not to tell him because he wanted to hear it from his mate, and this guy ruined it. Or maybe it was not important anymore.     
Keith knew that the man in front of him was Alpha Cristian, but he didn't care because, at that moment, that was not an Alpha of a pack but a man who had taken his mate away. And why was he still talking? Why was his face so gentle while talking about Arya?     
Keith saw red as anger and dejection swelled into violence.     
"You fucker!"     
Keith shouted and jumped on Alpha Cristian.     
Cristian dodged Keith's punch at the last moment, but the next one landed in Cristian's stomach, blowing the wind out of his lungs.     
Cristian staggered backward. "I don't want to fight you, Keith."     
"Too bad because I will fight you," Keith squeezed through his teeth and attacked again.     
Cristian started dodging, and when Keith punched his shoulder, he realized this won't end well.     
Cristian released his Alpha aura, intending to suppress Keith and stop this madness, but it didn't work. Keith didn't slow down, actually, it looked like his movements were getting faster.     
It was a long time since Cristian was pushed into a corner like that, and only defending would cause him to suffer a loss. How can he allow himself to be defeated in his own territory?     
With a deep growl, Cristian released his aura and turned to face Keith.     
…     
Arya stepped out of the hospital, unsure where to go. It took her a moment to notice a commotion on the right, and her eyes widened at the sight of Keith and Cristian going at each other.     
Arya held her breath, and her stomach tightened every time either of the guys landed a punch.     
What was this scene? How was it possible that Keith was not backing down?     
Even from that distance, Arya could feel that Alpha Cristian was using his aura, yet Keith seemed unaffected. Was he an Alpha also? No, there was no pressure other than Cristian's. It didn't make sense.     
Arya wanted to go there and ask them to stop fighting, but she knew that if she got closer, Alpha Cristian's aura would affect her. At best, she won't be able to move, and at worst, she might get hurt.     
This time, Arya could feel Keith's emotions, and she knew that he was confused, maybe even more than she was.     
She bit her lower lip while wondering what she should do.     
Shouldn't the mate bond be unconditional acceptance and love? Many guys who were (obviously) not her mate were swearing love and loyalty, yet her own mate was full of doubts.     
"Your mate is fighting for you. Because of you."         
Arya turned to see Luna Michelle talking.     
"What will you do, Arya? Do you have what it takes to be worthy of a man who showed commitment by saving your life, staying by your side, and fighting for you?"     
###Chapter 855: Following instincts (1)
Chapter 855: Following instincts (1)
Keith was consumed in rage and dejection, and he saw Cristian as a target to vent his anger.         
Cristian was an Alpha, and Keith knew a lot about them. They had high libidos and insatiable appetites, and for most of them, their mates were not enough. But no matter how much Cristian's debauchery stretched, did he need to seduce Keith's mate to the point where she will turn her back on him?     
Keith waited and endured forever, only to find her nearly dead and then to turn her back on him!?     
Keith put his anger behind every punch, kick, and twist of his body, boiling in his desire to punish Cristian for ruining everything!     
Keith growled, and his limbs moved faster than ever before.     
Mates are one of a kind!     
'POW!' Into Cristian's stomach.     
Not everyone finds one!     
'POW!' Into Cristian's shoulder.     
It was Keith's chance for happiness, and it was gone!     
'POW!' Into Cristian's jaw, propelling him backward by several steps.     
Cristian spat a mouthful of blood, which was the final straw that made him snap. Keith was not an Alpha, and the fact that Cristian was on the losing end was infuriating. He is no one's punching bag!     
To make things worse, several people gathered to see their Alpha being pushed back by a warrior from another pack. At this rate, Cristian will lose the trust of his people.     
Cristian lunged at Keith with a ferocious growl.     
Keith readied himself to intercept Cristian and deliver another blow when a figure appeared in front of him.     
He couldn't see her face, but the scent of the cantaloupe told him who was now clinging to him.     
Keith's eyes snapped to see enraged Cristian going at him, and the only thing Keith could do was wrap his arms around her frame and turn to shield her with his body.     
"Ugh…" Keith groaned as Cristian's punch landed on the left side of his lower back, and he fell to his knees.     
"Stop it!" Arya shouted.     
Cristian paused at the sound of Arya's voice. He saw her coming between them, and he knew that his punch might hit her, but his momentum was formidable, and he couldn't stop. If Keith didn't turn, Cristian would punch Arya, which would be another mistake. How did he end up tangled in this mess?     
Keith looked at the bandaged woman, who returned his gaze full of concern.     
"Are you OK?" Keith asked.     
Arya's heart tightened. He was fighting an Alpha. No matter how that ended, Keith would need to face the consequences, yet he was worried about her.     
She saw bruises forming on his handsome face, and she searched his eyes for something, unsure what it was.     
When Michelle challenged her to step up or let Keith go, the only thing Arya could think of was to get in there and stop the fight, determined to salvage whatever possible.     
Arya gritted her teeth and went against Cristian's pressure, throwing herself at Keith in her desire to protect him. Now that Keith was holding her, Alpha Cristian's pressure diminished; she could still feel it, but it was not suffocating, and Arya wondered if Keith had some power that worked against Alphas.         
Her heart was tormented at the thought that Keith got hit in her place.     
"I am fine," she said before asking, "What about you?"      
His face hardened. How was he supposed to answer that question? He was NOT fine!     
Seeing that he didn't answer, Arya asked her next question, "Can you stand?"     
Keith gave a small nod and got up to his feet, pulling Arya to stand with him.     
Arya had so many things to say and questions to ask, but she couldn't say a word, not to Keith, at least.     
Arya stepped away from Keith and turned to face Cristian.     
She bowed her head. "Alpha Cristian, I hope that this fight can end here."     
Keith gritted his teeth. Why was Arya submissive to that guy? And why was she asking Cristian to end the fight, like Keith was at a disadvantage?     
Cristian's body was buzzing with adrenaline, and his wolf was itching to jump on Keith, but he knew that it would only deepen the rift between Keith and Arya, so he forced himself to calm down.     
"If he backs off, I will as well," Cristian said. "But I need him to explain why he attacked me."     
"Thank you, Alpha," Arya responded without consulting Keith. "I have a request."     
"Speak."     
"I wish to be dismissed from my position."     
Cristian's brows came together.     
Arya broke the rules. The warriors of the Spring Leaf pack had a rule that a unit fights together, lives together, and dies together. Arya leaving her unit in order to lure rogues away might be valiant, but it was also suicidal and stupid. If she stayed with her unit, maybe more of them would be injured, but their chances of survival would be higher.     
Cristian was about to lecture Arya about it and to punish her somehow, but not dismiss her. She was young and talented, and she had a heart of a warrior. Her loyalty was unprecedented, and losing her as a general would be a loss to the army of the Spring Leaf pack.     
"Let's not rush with this, Arya," Cristian said.     
Arya shook her head. "I ask to be dismissed from my position, and I hope you won't take it against me when I leave the Spring Leaf pack."     
Cristian was now frowning fully. "Think about what you are saying, Arya."     
"I don't need to think, Alpha. You always told me to follow my instincts, and now that I found my mate…" She turned to Keith, who was staring at her with his eyes wide to the point of hurting. "My instincts are telling me to be with him. I heard he is from the Dark Howlers pack, and I wish to follow him there. If he wants me."     
Cristian released a sharp breath. He was about to tell her to stop exaggerating. She would be foolish to quit as a General, and leaving the pack was just plain stupid. If she wanted to attract attention, there were many other ways to do it, but hearing that her reason was her mate, Cristian couldn't find a single reason to ask her to stay.     
"I will grant it if he…"     
"No ifs, Alpha," Arya interrupted him. She was not asking for permission. She was informing him, but she wanted to be nice because just leaving felt wrong.  "I am not doing this because I want to force anything on anyone. I am doing it because my wolf is telling me that my other half is right here and that if my mate can't handle my temper, my pride, and accept me for who I am, no one else will."     
Arya got closer to Keith and reached to hold his hand. A soft whimper escaped her lips when electric sparks flared on her palm.         
Now that they stood only inches apart, Arya realized how tall Keith was, and muscular, and handsome… and it was all enhanced by his scent of cotton candy. It was light and sweet, and it made her feel all fluffy on the inside she wondered if he would melt into sweetness on her tongue, just like the cotton candy she had loved since she could remember. It was her favorite treat.     
###Chapter 856: Following instincts (2)
Chapter 856: Following instincts (2)
Everything about Keith confirmed he was Arya's other half. But why was he reluctant to embrace her? Didn't she express her willingness to be with him?         
Arya thought how it was ironic. Since guys started flocking around her, she always wondered if there would be one worthy of her. All the attention she received made her feel she was above others. Yet here she was, standing in front of a complete stranger, looking like a mess, and wondering if she was good enough for him.     
She would call his name, but she realized that she didn't know it. It didn't matter. Adam, John, or Klark, it wouldn't change how important he was.     
"What do you say? Will you give me a chance to show you that I could be a mate worthy of you?" Arya asked Keith.     
Keith swallowed hard. His mouth suddenly ran dry. Was Arya serious? He could feel her doubts and reluctance, but there was also determination and attraction, and… she wanted to be with him.     
Since Talia came to the Dark Howlers pack, Keith's emotions were confusing, and in the last day, he lived through a lifetime of ups and downs.     
He didn't know what the right choice was, and he was not sure if he even had one, but something told him that if he pushed Arya away, he would regret it for the rest of his life. The only way was forward.     
Slowly, very slowly, Keith leaned closer to Arya, measuring the distance between them and giving her a chance to pull back.     
Seeing that Arya didn't move away, Keith pecked her lips, and they both jolted upon contact.     
Arya smiled a little. It was a kiss from her mate.     
She licked her lips to confirm that he tasted as good as he smelled. Cotton candy.     
And then she leaned toward Keith to close that tiny gap between them because she wanted a kiss that was longer and deeper, and she could feel that he wanted the same.     
Keith was not the one to disappoint a lady, especially not his mate.     
His arms wrapped around Arya, and he held her as their lips glided against each other in sensual movements, and no other female ever fit so good against him. She was made for him.     
His fingers curled at the back of her head to fist her hair, and he swallowed her whimper when he deepened the kiss.     
Keith kissed many girls, but this was his first cantaloupe-flavored kiss, and he knew he will never get enough of this. And the best part? She was hugging him back while returning his kisses with equal fervor.     
Talia and Damon walked toward the pack hospital, noticing several people gathered on the left.     
Keith's and Cristian's fight attracted attention, and no one left so far, waiting to see how Cristian will deal with this situation because that didn't look like a friendly sparring match. Who would spar in front of a hospital?     
Talia's eyes lit up at the sight of Keith and Arya locked in a kiss. She squeezed Damon's hand excitedly while talking through their private mind-link, 'I was worried because we came late, but it seems we were not needed at all.'     
They were supposed to come in the afternoon, but after their lovemaking, Talia fell asleep, and she crashed for the rest of the day. Once she woke up, Damon demanded that she eats first, and they hurried to the pack hospital. Talia feared that Arya's condition might have worsened, but now it seemed that everything was great. Better than great.     
Damon was happy as well. Finally, that measly coach found his mate, which meant he will stop ogling at Talia.     
Damon's eyes moved to Cristian to see the latter's disheveled appearance. Michelle was with him, fixing his hair while inspecting his face, which was bruised, and there was some blood there.     
'Why does Cristian look like he came out of a fight?' Damon asked.     
Talia thought that it was weird. And there was one more point. 'Why are they outside? Arya seems better, but she doesn't look like someone discharged from the hospital.'     
Damon agreed that things don't seem normal. Why would people gather to watch a mated couple kiss? Damon tugged Talia to head to Cristian and Michelle and find out what was happening.     
"Rough day?"         
Cristian made a face. "You have no idea." After the attack of rogues, Cristian was busy organizing patrols, assessing damage, reading reports from interrogations, assuring his people that things were under control, and pretending that everything was fine in front of Ashton and guests. This visit to the pack hospital ended up in a fight that bruised his reputation. It was a horrible day!     
Michelle frowned at the people who were watching the show. She waved at them, gesturing toward the pack hospital. "If you have time to idle and gossip, maybe we should give you more responsibilities," Michelle said, and people quickly dispersed.     
As for the newly mated couple…     
Keith wanted to kiss Arya more and to do more than kissing, but Arya was wearing a hospital gown, and wherever he touched her, he felt bandages. That reminded him that she was hurt, and she needed to get inside, and that anything beyond kissing was out of the question. For now.     
Keith leaned his forehead on Arya's, and they both took a moment to compose themselves before inching away.     
"I am Keith," he said.     
"I am Arya. Your mate."     
"My mate." Keith liked the sound of that, and his expression hardened. "Mine only. I don't care what you did before this moment, but if you want this to work, you need to understand that I am not a man who will share."     
Arya blinked at him. His bossiness turned her on. "Same goes for me, except for the man part. I am a woman who won't share. You are mine, Keith of the Dark Howlers pack. If you can handle that, everything else is negotiable."     
Keith's lips lifted into a smug smile. "We will see if you can handle me."     
Arya wanted to respond something snarkily, but she was distracted by a dimple that formed on his left cheek as he smiled, making him even more handsome, if that was even possible.     
Keith licked his lips, wanting to taste more of Arya, but he knew he shouldn't. "Let's get you back into the room and call a doctor to check your condition."     
At the mention of doctors, Arya remembered, "Thank you for saving my life and taking care of me."     
"Don't mention it."     
"I want to. You see… I am an orphan, and no one ever stayed like that with me, for me." Only for her. Will he see that as a negative?     
"An orphan? I hope you are ready to meet my family. They can be noisy, but they are good people."     
Arya was nervous. "Will they like me?"     
"They will love you."     
"How can you be certain?"     
"Because they love me, and you are my other half, so… They might think you are a pain in the ass, but that comes with my family, so don't take it personally."     
"They sound like nice people," she said.     
"They are the best." Now that he thought about his family, Keith remembered that he was using one room in a house that belonged to Katya and her mate. That might be a problem.     
###Chapter 857: Clearing the air (K&A) (1)
Chapter 857: Clearing the air (K&A) (1)
Keith glanced behind Arya to see four people looking at them.         
"Come," Keith said to Arya while giving her hand a squeeze. "Before we go to your room, let me introduce you to my Alpha and Luna. Soon to be yours."     
Arya looked at their connected hands and smiled. It was like Keith's hand could wrap around hers in a promise that he will take care of her.     
Arya liked that Keith wanted to introduce her as his mate, and she could feel his nerves. This was important to him. It made her feel welcome.     
Arya didn't dare to look at Alpha Cristian, fearing what his expression might be. She kissed a guy in public, in front of Alpha. What if he disapproves?     
Insecurities swelled in her heart.     
Will Alpha Cristian be angry that she was leaving with her mate? Will he ask her to stay? Will that make her change her mind? Will he be indifferent? Or will he be glad that she was leaving? Each of those was gutwrenching in its own way.     
Keith struggled with his own emotional turmoil and didn't notice Arya's.     
The last twenty-four hours were turbulent. He found his mate, nearly lost her, and he was on the path to accepting her, but then she stood up for another man, he ended up fighting an Alpha, and then she threw herself at him, saying how she wanted to be with him. It was a mess of ups and downs, and he needed a moment to organize his thoughts and emotions, a moment he didn't have.     
Keith hoped his wolf was right and that the cantaloupe-infused girl was the right path to happiness.     
Keith bowed to Damon and Talia. He wanted to talk about Arya, but Cristian's glare reminded him there was a more pressing matter.     
"Alpha Damon, I caused an issue by starting a fight with an Alpha of another pack. It was not a challenge for his position. I was just…" Keith released a long breath. "There are no excuses. I only hope that you won't implicate my mate in this. It was all my doing."     
Damon's eyebrows shot up when he realized Keith was in a bad state. Keith and Cristian were fighting!     
At first, Damon thought it was because Keith faced rogues last night and his wounds didn't heal, but then Damon remembered that they saw Keith in the morning, and Keith looked better than this.     
Damon knew that Keith was a skilled warrior. As an instructor, Keith was an expert in close combat, but still… fighting an Alpha and living to tell about it was formidable.     
How could he avoid being suppressed by Cristian's Alpha aura? It didn't make sense, just as it didn't make sense that Keith broke from Guardian's restrictions… That's it! The necklace! Damon remembered that Talia said it had the purpose of healing and protection, which was the only explanation for why Keith was still standing. The necklace protected him.     
His kitten was awesome, but he couldn't announce her unique abilities to the world.     
Damon decided to leave that for later and to focus on the matter at hand. Keith was fighting Alpha Cristian and was waiting on a verdict. Based on Keith's behavior, Keith started it. Why did they fight? It didn't matter.     
"Did you win?"     
Keith's head snapped to look at Damon. Did he hear that right? "What?"      
"Did you win?" Damon repeated.     
"I don't think there was a winner," Keith said honestly.     
"So, it was a tie?" Damon kept on pushing.     
Keith nodded, and Damon turned to Cristian.     
"Hahahaha!" Damon burst into a hearty laughter. "Oh, Cristian, did you get rusty, or were you always weak? If my Lieutenant can go toe to toe with you, you are in trouble."     
Keith wished that Damon stops teasing Cristian. It will just make his punishment worse! Or was Damon doing that on purpose?         
Cristian's nostrils flared in anger at Damon's provocation, but he didn't say anything. He had no excuses.     
Sure, he was caught by surprise because he didn't expect that Keith will attack, and he definitely didn't expect that Keith will not be impacted by his Alpha aura, but those were just excuses. The facts were that a plain warrior fought him, and Cristian struggled.     
"I won't punish you, Keith," Damon said. "You don't get punished by making your pack proud. However, I'm not sure if Alpha Cristian will throw you into a dungeon. We are allies on a friendly visit, and you caused a ruckus. I leave your punishment to him."     
"I understand, Alpha," Keith said and turned to Cristian, waiting to hear what was coming.     
Before Cristian could say anything, Damon spoke again.     
"Cristian, I don't know what happened here, but considering that Keith is alive, I will assume that his offense was not inexcusable. I hope you will keep in mind that Keith is my Luna's head guard. As such, he is indispensable. No matter how you punish Keith, I expect him to be able to perform his duty."     
With that, Damon stepped aside and pulled Talia to lean on him.     
Talia was grateful that Damon stood up for Keith. Damon always took care of his people. If there were any issues, Damon would deal with Keith in private, while in front of others, they would be united. She admired Damon for that.     
Arya's eyes darted from Keith to Cristian, and she couldn't stand the silence.     
"Alpha," she called to Cristian pleadingly. "My mate didn't mean harm. Can you forgive him? For me?"     
Cristian snorted. "For you? Who are you? My ex-general?"     
Everyone stared at Arya. Damon and Talia were shocked by the 'ex' part, and Keith didn't know that his cantaloupe-infused mate was a general.     
"Just a minute ago, you asked me to leave not only my army but my pack as well, and now you want favors?" He was irritated that she was talking about leaving like it was not a big deal.     
Michelle put her hand on Cristian's shoulder. "Isn't that what children do when they grow up? I know it's hard on you as you watched her grow, but she is not a child anymore, and it's time for Arya to spread her wings and find her own path."     
Michelle could sense Cristian's emotions, so she knew what he was going through. He was genuinely worried about Arya. Arya was energetic, with a spunk and bravery of a thousand warriors. Arya would act like she was invincible, which caused Cristian to take over the role of her guardian, and even though there were no romantic feelings behind it, Michelle didn't like it. It was her possessiveness of a werewolf, and it probably wouldn't be so extreme if Arya didn't look at Cristian with sparkles in her eyes.     
However, as a Luna, Michelle needed to soften Cristian's edginess and create non-violent solutions when there were none.     
"I believe we all agree that this was a misunderstanding," Michelle said, knowing that people were eavesdropping from the pack hospital. Yes, they left, but their werewolf-enhanced hearing allowed them to hear things over great distances.     
Michelle told Keith, "Cristian knows that your emotions toward your mate are fresh, and that is why he didn't go all out on you."     
Cristian put his hand over Michelle's that was resting on his shoulder. She said he didn't go all out as a good excuse to save his reputation.     
###Chapter 858: Clearing the air (K&A) (2)
Chapter 858: Clearing the air (K&A) (2)
Cristian hoped Michelle knew he would never betray her, but just the fact that he needed to worry about it was a problem.         
Cristian was an Alpha, in charge of a pack, but he also had a duty to take care of his mate. After more than a decade together, Cristian wondered if he was taking Michelle for granted. When did that start?     
Did his thoughtless actions cause more harm than a misunderstanding between Keith and Arya?     
He needed to step up big time.     
Cristian took Michelle's hand and lifted it to kiss the back of her palm.      
He looked at the woman by his side who was always calm and gentle, enduring the storms with him and helping in any way she could. Michelle never complained, not when they were facing rogues, or shortage of money, or when they were dangerously close to appearing like he was favoring another female.      
Cristian hoped Michelle will give him a chance to prove that his loyalty to her was unshaken, but first, he needed to deal with one thing.     
"You want me to allow your mate to get scot-free?" Cristian asked Arya. "That's not how things work."     
Cristian narrowed his eyes at Keith and moved his aching jaw left-right. "You attacked an Alpha. That can't go unpunished."     
Keith lowered his head. He messed up, he knew he did, but thanks to that, Arya jumped into the fray, and things ended the way they did, and… he had no regrets.     
"I will accept whatever punishment you think it's appropriate, Alpha Cristian," Keith said.     
"I want you to train my warriors."     
Keith looked at Cristian in confusion. "Is that it?"     
"I can also throw you into a dungeon if you prefer, but if I do that, you will just eat my food. By training my warriors, I get something in return."     
Keith blinked while wondering if it was that easy. "This should be discussed with my Alpha and Luna. I am my Luna's head guard, and I can't just leave."     
"I'm sure we can agree on dates when my safety is not in danger," Talia said. "Alpha Cristian said that you need to train his warriors. There was no mention of a location or duration." She glanced at Damon. "What do you think?"     
Damon rubbed his chin, pretending to be conflicted. "They could come to the Dark Howlers pack for lessons. The Spring Leaf pack won't suffer a loss if they send us units to train with our warriors under Keith's supervision. Our warriors could always use moving punching bags."     
Cristian's eyes flashed in outrage. "Don't come crying when punching bags give your warriors a beating."     
Damon stifled a laugh. "When hit hard enough, a bag will sway. It's not difficult to dodge that."     
Cristian glared at Damon, and they got locked in an unreasonable staring contest.     
Keith was not willing to stand there forever. He cleared his throat to get everyone's attention.     
"Thank you for your generosity, Alpha Cristian. I accept your punishment."     
Cristian lifted his chin. "Generosity? If I hear you are slacking, I will throw you into the dungeon."     
Keith bit the inside of his cheek to prevent himself from smiling. That was not a punishment. It was an acknowledgment of his ability as a warrior. Keith was happy it happened for Arya to see.     
With the punishment formalities out of the way, Keith and Arya returned to her room.     
Betty came with a doctor and one more nurse, and Keith stood on the side while they got busy around Arya.         
They checked her vitals and removed bandages, putting fresh ones on a few spots that still didn't heal completely. She also got an ultrasound and an x-ray to confirm things on the inside were healing well.     
Arya wanted to shower and tidy up, but the doctor told her to wait at least one more day.     
"Your healing rate is close to miraculous," the doctor said. "Consider yourself lucky that you found your mate when you did, and that he was willing to spend time here so you can heal faster. However, considering the state you were brought in, we want to keep you here until we are sure there won't be any complications. At this rate, you can leave tomorrow if you promise to take it easy."     
Arya didn't give up on the showering idea. She tugged Betty's arm to get closer and whispered, "My mate is right there. He will think I'm a stinker."     
Betty stifled a laugh. "Let me see what I can do."     
Keith ended up waiting in the hallway while Betty gave Arya a sponge bath.      
Keith was glad that Damon, Talia, Cristian, and Michelle didn't come with them to the pack hospital, because their presence would make things uncomfortable. However, after the doctor and nurses left, Keith was alone in the room with Arya (and two other patients on the other side of the privacy curtain), unsure of what to do.     
He observed her lying there, her skin covered in bruises that were fading, and his heart ached while thinking about how she got those.     
Arya scooted to the edge and patted the bed on her right. "Will you join me?"     
"Is that OK?"     
She rolled her eyes. "Didn't you sleep beside me while I was out?"     
Keith raised his hands defensively. "I did it only because nurses told me it will help with your healing." He was not a creep who sneaks into beds of unconscious women, alright?     
Arya pointed at the bandage on her left forearm. "I am still hurt, and I need healing. Your proximity will speed up the process, so…" Arya's voice trailed, and her eyes darted to the space she freed for him.     
Keith felt awkward about this, but he still moved to the bed and settled by her side.     
He stared into her eyes while thinking how all this was sudden, contradictory, and he wondered if all mated couples go through this. Actually, mated couples just go with the flow and start copulating right away, which leads to marking, but considering their situation, that was not an option.     
Could he just jump on her and go at it? It's not that Keith didn't have one-night stands, and he slept more than once with women he barely knew, but this was his mate. No matter how attracted he was to Arya, she was still a stranger, and Keith needed an icebreaker.     
"Tell me about you."     
"What do you want to know?"     
Keith shrugged. "I heard you are a general."     
"WAS a general," she corrected him.     
"Tell me about it."     
Arya told him how she started as a warrior and that thanks to Alpha Cristian backing her, people took her seriously. She spoke about the high-risk mission she completed without casualties that gave her the first chance to rise through the ranks and how she knew that people were looking down on her as a general because she was so young and a female. "If Alpha Cristian didn't stand up for me, it wouldn't happen, no matter how hard I worked or how good my results were…"     
Keith felt a pang of jealousy whenever she mentioned Cristian's name, but the fact that she used his title made things a bit better. He could see that she was proud of her achievements, and she had every reason to be.     
###Chapter 859: Clearing the air (K&A) (3)
Chapter 859: Clearing the air (K&A) (3)
"Your turn," Arya said to Keith.         
"For?"     
"Tell me something about yourself, Keith of the Dark Howlers pack."     
Keith told Arya about his work as Talia's guard, his protein-shake business, that he is a coach, a personal trainer, a Lieutenant, and that he helps his sister with the Shifters nightclub, and Arya's eyes widened with every next occupation.     
"There are only twenty-four hours in a day, and only one you. How do you manage all that?" She asked.     
Keith smirked proudly. "With a bit of planning and prioritizing, anything is possible."     
"I should ask you to prioritize my work. I was just a general, yet my schedule was packed."     
"How can you say, JUST a General?" Keith asked sternly. "That's a lot of work. You need to know military tactics, strategies, latest reports, and movements of enemies, make decisions on the fly, be responsible for your subordinates, and all that while training your mind and body to stay in top shape. Don't look down on yourself." Keith genuinely admired Arya's accomplishments. He had never heard that a person as young as Arya could be a general.     
Arya loved how supportive he was. But she also feared that the only thing she had was her status as a General, yet she was leaving that behind to start from scratch. Literally. The only thing she got was a mate, but her budding love life aside, everything else was blank.     
"What's spoiling your mood?" Keith asked, reminding her that he could sense her emotions.     
"I just fear that once I leave, I won't have anything. I won't be a general anymore. And you didn't say that you would take me with you. Is it because I'm a nobody now?"     
Keith couldn't believe this. "How can you think such things? We are mates. I will take you with me and take care of you. A job doesn't define you, Arya, but if you need one, I'm sure we can figure out something."     
"Like, what? The only thing I know is how to fight."     
"Alpha Damon is always looking for capable warriors. As a newbie, you will start from the bottom. With your abilities, I'm sure you will climb the ranks quickly." Keith thought of something else. "Why don't you consider being Luna Talia's personal guard?"     
At the mention of Talia, Arya's mood dropped.     
"I don't think she will take me."     
"Nonsense. Talia is a wonderful person."     
Arya frowned. How could he call another woman wonderful, and she also felt his admiration, and there was something else she didn't want to think about.     
"You don't understand. I met your Luna Talia, and I fucked up."     
Keith thought she was joking. Or could it be one of those female-only overthinking qualities? "Really? What did you do?"     
Arya was not sure where to start. "We chatted a bit, and she asked me to be friends." Arya licked her lips and grimaced. "And… I kind of thought she was hitting on me."     
Keith needed more information. "Hitting on you?" With Damon around? Not possible. "Why would you think that?"     
Now that she thought about it, it was stupid, but at that time... "No one ever approached me without an agenda. I don't have a background or status. People who spoke to me outside army-related business would come and hit on me, so I assumed... I know it's bad. But I made it worse."     
How could that possibly get worse?, Keith thought. "Go on."     
"I said how I worked hard to reach where I was while she got everything on a silver plate because Alpha Damon marked her."     
Keith stared at Arya in disbelief, and it took him a few long moments to speak. "That… that's not Talia, Arya. You have no idea what she went through."         
Arya's temper flared when she sensed all the warm and fuzzy feelings Keith had for Talia. She couldn't stand the idea of Keith talking so gently about another female.     
"Yeah? What did your precious Luna go through?" Arya snapped at Keith.     
Keith didn't like Arya's rising hostility, but he kept his cool and answered.     
"When Talia arrived at the Dark Howlers pack, she was so small and skinny that a gust of wind would topple her. She is an orphan who grew up in a hostile environment, yet she still carried a bright smile and worked hard while worrying about others. I ended up as her personal trainer, and I saw how much she struggled, but she didn't give up. She reminded me that kindness is important. She reminded me that I need to do my best if I don't want to have regrets."     
"How does that translate into her earning the position of Alpha Damon's Luna?"     
"It doesn't. It just speaks of her character. You see… Luna Talia doesn't need Alpha Damon to stand at the top because…" He leaned closer and spoke softly, only for Arya to hear. "Luna Talia of the Dark Howlers pack is Alpha Natalia of the Midnight Guardians pack."     
Arya gaped at Keith. "You are kidding."     
"Why would I joke about that? And before you think that she inherited that position, she didn't. Talia defeated previous Alphas and snatched it from them. I don't pity her. I admire her. You say you offended her, but she still saved you when you were in a pinch, and she came to visit you in the hospital. That is the real strength right there." Keith patted his chest, over his heart. "Talia has it."     
Arya was not sure what to think about it. She was jealous because Keith had all those gentle emotions toward Talia, and she was remorseful for offending Talia in the first place, and she felt like shit for both of those because Keith was right. Even after all she's been through, Talia was kind and didn't lose herself to hatred or power. Talia had enough compassion to come to the rescue of Arya, who offended her only a few hours prior. Shame swelled within Arya, feeling she was not worthy of being compared to Talia.     
"How can you address her casually?" Arya asked with bitterness in her voice.     
Keith shrugged. "When we met, she was just Talia. I didn't know she was Alpha Damon's mate, and I didn't know about her Alpha bloodline. If I did, I wouldn't put her in a ridiculous outfit and ask her to be a team spirit for our soccer team for the whole pack to see." Keith chuckled. "At that time, we were just friends, and I hope we can continue that relationship. It is my honor that she doesn't request I use her title, but I still try to do it in front of strangers."     
"You are not using her title now."     
"That's because you are not a stranger," Keith said dreamily. "Arya, you are my mate. I promise that I wouldn't seek other women as long as you accept me as yours. I don't want you to think there is something between me and Talia or any other woman because there isn't. I mean, I admire Talia… no, I love her spirit and kindness, but not in a romantic way."     
"Are you sure about it?"     
"There was a time when I was confused, but now that I've met you, I can tell the difference. Don't you feel the same about Alpha Cristian?"     
Arya's eyes widened to the point of hurting, and her face exploded in a fierce blush. She wore a hospital gown, and there was a blanket on top of her, yet Arya never felt so exposed.     
###Chapter 860: Clearing the air (K&A) (4)
Chapter 860: Clearing the air (K&A) (4)
Keith chuckled at Arya's flustered expression.         
Their bond was still forming, but it was strong enough for him to feel the difference between what he felt for Talia and what Arya stirred within him.     
He didn't like that Arya would think about any man other than him, but he couldn't blame her because a small part of his heart was reserved for Talia, and it will always be that way.     
Keith put his palm on Arya's cheek. "Tell me, Arya… can Alpha Cristian make you feel these sparks?"     
"No," Arya responded in a small voice. Other than a few times when she stumbled during training, and Alpha Cristian caught her, they never touched. And it was never so gentle and charged with sparks.     
Keith leaned closer. "Can he make you feel this anticipation that stirs the butterflies in your stomach?" His breath splashed against her lips.     
Arya inhaled a shaky breath, and she realized that he was picking up her emotions. "You are cheating."     
"Everything is fair in love and war, Arya. As a general, you should know that."     
"Ex-gen..." Keith swallowed the rest of her words in a fiery kiss, one that made her toes curl and proved that no other man could make her feel that way.      
Keith's restraints were slipping. They were in bed, and her soft curves filled all his hard edges. Her left hand was firmly planted on his back while her left one was lost in his hair, and when she moaned into the kiss, his wolf scratched to come out and claim Arya as his.     
Arya was lost in the flavors of cotton candy that filled her system. It was addictive and electrifying, and she had never felt anything like that. She wanted more, much more from the male that was holding her. His embrace was solid, and everywhere she touched was firm. He was beyond perfect.     
Keith pulled out of the kiss abruptly, and they both panted.     
Seeing Arya's confused gaze, Keith explained, "We should stop here, or we will give a good show to your roommates on the other side of that curtain."     
Arya bit her lower lip and nodded. He was right. How did her hands end up under his t-shirt?     
Keith pulled her into a tight embrace, and they stayed like that in silence.     
"Do you think Luna Talia will forgive me?" Arya asked after some time.     
"Definitely."     
"And you think that I can be her guard?"     
"Why not? You can do whatever you want. But wouldn't it be great for us to work together? When Talia goes to some meetings or events, we will accompany her. Whenever Alpha Damon is by her side, which is most of the time, we won't be needed, so we can treat that as a vacation. Do you like to travel? I always wanted to go to Hawaii and learn to surf."     
At the mention of Alpha Damon, Arya remembered one more detail.     
"Hold on with vacation planning."     
"You don't like to travel?"     
"I'm not sure. I never left the Spring Leaf pack." How could an orphan afford to travel? And once she started earning, Arya was busy training and with her duties.     
"What is it then? Is it the money? Don't worry about it. The only things you should worry about are picking the place and duration. Your man has the money to make it happen." He didn't want to boast, but his protein shake business was doing very well, and with him staying with Katya and living a modest life, Keith could be categorized as rich.     
Arya could feel his sincerity, and she thought he was sweet. "That's not it either."     
Keith was confused. "What is it?"         
"Maybe Luna Talia forgives me, but Alpha Damon gave me a different vibe."     
"When?"     
"Remember the thing about me insulting her? Well… she snapped and used her aura on me, telling me that she was the dominant one and we were in a kind-of ambiguous position when Alpha Damon appeared. He snatched Luna Talia like I was bullying her, but she was the one on top of me."     
"Oh…" A silly sound escaped Keith's lips. Talia and Arya in an ambiguous position with Talia on top? He would pay big money to see that. It was probably hot as hell.     
"Alpha Damon might be a problem," Keith said. "But as long as you take the blood oath, it should be fine."     
"A blood oath?"     
Keith confirmed. "All Talia's guards are required to take a blood oath and swear loyalty. Alpha Damon is protective of his mate, but if you take the oath and show good results as a warrior, I'm confident he won't have ions. After all, I am head of Luna Talia's guards, and he gave me the authority to appoint and dismiss people who will guard her."     
"So…" Arya drawled. "You are like a big deal there?"     
"I am the biggest deal there, baby," he said cockily and added in a small voice, "After Alpha and Luna, of course."     
Arya looked at him dreamily. She had no idea what tomorrow will bring, but being with Keith on the bed and holding each other, made her feel like there were no problems in the world.     
…     
The minutes trickled away, and Keith and Arya couldn't sleep.     
They were both under the influence of recent events, and their minds raced about what was yet to come.     
"Tell me more about your pack and your family," Arya demanded. "I want to know what to expect when we go there. When are we going?"     
"We can go as soon as you are discharged from the hospital, and you say goodbye to your friends." He remembered that Arya said she had no family, so he didn't mention that.     
"Doctor said I can be discharged tomorrow. As for friends… I don't have any."     
"None?"     
"There are Alpha Cristian and Luna Michelle, but they already know I'm going. There are a few others, but I don't want to say goodbyes. The Dark Howlers pack is only a few hours' drive away, and with you training warriors from the Spring Leaf pack, I'm sure I will see them often." Arya pursed her lips while thinking. "However, if you have some time and are willing, I would like to introduce you to them. As my mate."     
Keith felt joy swelling in him. She wanted to show him off. He approved.     
"Tell me what you like to eat," Keith said. "I will ask my sister to make it when we get there."     
"Your sister will cook for us? That's sweet of her. You should tell me more about your family." There were so many things she didn't know.     
Keith was stuck on Arya's question about Katya cooking for them. Should he tell her that he lives in one room in a house that's owned by his big sister and her mate? Won't that make him appear weak?     
Keith glanced at the time to see it was after three o'clock in the morning, and then he called through the pack link, 'Alpha? Are you awake?'     
'I am now,' Damon grumbled. 'What is it?'     
'Is it too much to ask that you arrange a single-family home for me and Arya? She will come with us and…'         
'Fine!' Damon snapped. 'Anything else?'     
'No. Thank you. Sorry for…' Keith stopped talking when he realized that Damon closed the mind-link forcibly.     
"Yes, my sister will cook for us," Keith said to Arya. "She is not much of a cook, but it's free, and I don't need to get my hands dirty, so I'm not complaining."     
Arya stifled a laugh. "That sounded like a complaint. You said that your sister owns a nightclub, the Shifters. I heard about it. With you being the owner's bother, does that mean we get backstage passes?"     
"Absolutely," Keith said with a smug expression. "I will make you my special cocktails, and we will dance, and I will punch the daylights out of any guy who dares to come close to you."     
"Punching aside, it sounds like a great place. I guess that's where we will spend our evenings. I was mostly focused on my training and missions, and I didn't get to party much…"     
Keith's brows came together at the thought of going to Shifters every night. Sure, as a single guy, he would go there often, but now that he had a mate, he would rather stay home and cuddle, damn it!     
###Chapter 861: Not alone (1)
Chapter 861: Not alone (1)
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~         
It's been two days since Damon and Talia returned from the Spring Leaf pack.     
Trisha and Arya also came with Caleb and Keith.     
On the day they returned, Doctor Travis examined Arya and confirmed that she had healed well. Other than a few fading bruises, she was as good as new.     
Gideon was ready with a ceremony for Trisha and Arya to join the Dark Howlers pack, and they prepared a small feast to celebrate afterward.     
Talia told Keith and Caleb that she won't be leaving the pack in the next few days, so they could take time off guilt-free and enjoy getting to know their mates.     
Keith couldn't wait to end the formalities and head to the secluded house prepared for them. The house was comparable to what Gideon and Mindy used, with three bedrooms upstairs, and a living area downstairs, and it included a patch of land around it for privacy. Keith hoped they could stay there long-term.     
Arya expected to meet Keith's family when they came to the Dark Howlers pack, but Keith had a different idea. As soon as the pack-joining ceremony ended, Keith and Arya excused themselves. Keith didn't care about the feast.     
Since they met, Arya was in the pack hospital, so they couldn't get handsy. Hugging and kissing were fantastic but torturous as well because their kisses would turn steamy, and he could pick up the scent of her arousal, but they had to stop.      
On the positive side, they had a lot of time to talk and get to know each other on a non-physical level.     
Now that Arya was cleared by doctor Travis as recovered, and she joined the Dark Howlers pack officially, Keith had no intention of sharing her with anyone. At least not until he got his fill of her.     
Zina reported that the food she delivered to their villa was disappearing, so they were alive.     
Caleb showed Trisha around and introduced her to his friends and family. Zina knew that Talia was planning for Trisha to work in the packhouse, and she said that she will give Trisha some light duties to start.     
Mindy and Zina were elated to hear about more females joining the pack and coming into their small circle that revolved around the packhouse, and they were busy organizing the upcoming mixer.     
Maya and Caden were not heavily involved in ongoing activities, as they were preparing (mostly mentally) for their imminent vacation and Maya's heat. Until the last moment, the Beta duo was focused on training Erik, Petra, and Zack, so that the youngsters could help Damon and Talia in Maya's and Caden's absence.     
Back to the present…     
Talia and Damon were in the study attending a video conference with Maddox, Cristian, Axel, and Tony.     
Axel didn't have the means to join the conference from the Midnight Guardians pack, so he went to the Lightclaw pack and attended from Tony's study. Moving from the portal to Tony's packhouse didn't require much time, and Yasmin was happy to perform the teleportation spell if that meant chatting time with Kalina while the guys dealt with work.     
Cristian and Maddox summarized what they found from the interrogation of rogues that attacked them recently. Unfortunately, it was not much.     
Alphas agreed that they must collaborate in dealing with this. Since rogues were tightlipped and organized, unlike before, it was essential for packs to cooperate.     
"I want to thank everyone for your assistance during Ashton's birthday party," Cristian spoke from the computer screen. "If your warriors were not there, the casualties would be unimaginable."     
"We were lucky to find out that rogues will be attacking," Damon said.     
"I guess this proves that Cassie from the Steelbite pack knows something," Tony said. "Damon, when will you call her to see if she has more information?"     
Damon released a long breath.     
He didn't want to deal with Cassie, especially not from a position where he was the one asking favors. First, it might all be a trap where Cassie revealed one attack in order to gain their trust. And there was a chance she might give them more legit information with the goal of betraying them when they lower their guards. Second, even if Cassie wanted to collaborate, Damon knew that female was a pain in the ass. And third, there was always the possibility of Talia remembering that Cassie was Damon's bed warmer at some point and all that exploding into Damon's face. With Talia's temper flaring unexpectedly due to pregnancy, anything was possible.     
Unfortunately, he didn't have a choice.         
"I will call her today and let you know about the outcome. Any updates about Alpha Adam?"     
Alpha Adam asked if he could join their open-borders policy and act as a bridge between a combined territory that belonged to Damon, Maddox, Cristian, and the current isolated territory owned by Tony.     
"Alpha Adam met with Alpha Peter from the Everfang pack yesterday," Tony said. "I still need to hear the outcome of that meeting."     
Tony would love it if they could combine all their territories, but not at the expense of opening the door to backstabbers. None of the Alphas present trusted Alpha Adam or Alpha Peter. Those two flip-flopped too many times. Sure, they had their reasons, but their previous behavior was a testament that they would collaborate with whoever gave them more benefits.     
Luckily, Tony was not isolated. With the portal of the Midnight Guardians pack nearby, Axel could send reinforcements when needed.     
After a long time of stagnation, dozens of members of the Midnight Guardians pack found their mates among witches and werewolves. Their morale was on all high, and they were ready to help their allies in fighting off attackers.     
…     
After the video conference with other Alphas ended, Damon glared at his phone like it was his mortal enemy. He knew that he needed to call Cassie, but every cell in his body was resisting that action.     
"The sooner you do it, the sooner it will be done," Talia said.     
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Talia. "Come here."     
Talia got off her chair and sat on Damon's lap. His calm exterior didn't deceive her as she could feel his anxiety.     
"It will be alright, Damon," Talia said. "It's just a phone call. Put her on a speaker, and let's hear what she has to say. And no matter what she says, I won't think you are cheating on me," she ended teasingly.     
Damon groaned. "That was not funny."     
Talia pressed her lips into a line. She was trying to lighten the mood, but it didn't work. Change of strategy!     
Talia ran her fingers through his raven black hair. "How about you tell me what's bothering you?"     
"If Cassie doesn't have a believable story, she wouldn't risk coming here with the tribute from the Steelbite pack and seeking me. I can't imagine what she can offer that we don't know already, but it will be something big, something I can't ignore. If I ignore it, I will regret it, but if I act on it and it's a trap…" He will regret it even more.     
Damon was always a control freak, acting logically, choosing violence over negotiations because it was faster and cleaner, but now it was not just him. Other packs will be involved, and he had Talia and a pup on the way if anything happened to them because he made a wrong decision… Damon didn't want to think about it.     
###Chapter 862: Not alone (2) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 862: Not alone (2) [Bonus chapter]
In his search for comfort, Damon hugged Talia and buried his face into her hair, taking deep breaths to fill his system with her sweet citrusy scent of freesia.         
Talia hugged him in return and let him have that moment of peace, happy to know that she had that effect on him.     
Talia realized that when Damon shared his concerns, Damon was talking in the first person, like he was alone, and it made her heart ache. Didn't he know how many people would gather around him?     
Talia was ready to stand by his side no matter what enemy they were facing, and she was confident that at least a few others would do the same.     
Damon was used to carrying his own burdens, and he couldn't see that he was not alone anymore. Talia understood him completely because she was the same. For such a long time, Talia was surviving on her own, and even though she enjoyed Damon's care and affection, it took her a long time to accept it as real.     
Talia was determined to remind Damon as many times as necessary that he was surrounded by friends and allies, people who shared his ideals and desire for peaceful lives.     
OK. Maybe not everyone would risk their lives for Damon out of the goodness of their hearts, but they all understood that if their packs didn't stand united, they will be defeated one by one. Neutrality was not an option, and they didn't have a tangible enemy with whom they could negotiate.     
The only thing they could do now was to prepare themselves to defend, but that had its limitations. In order to assure a victory, the only viable path was to attack, and for that, they needed more information.     
Talia didn't like Cassie. Actually, Cassie was one of Talia's least favorite people. Cassie came to this packhouse like she owned the place, acting like a spoiled princess and Damon's future Luna. Well, that didn't turn out the way she hoped.     
Cassie had a history with Damon that Talia didn't want to think about, Cassie accused Talia of stealing and slapped her, and then she was unreasonable at Kalina's Luna ceremony. Talia had no good memories of Cassie, and Talia's skin crawled at the thought of Damon getting in touch with that wench. Still, if Cassie had some valuable information, Talia needed to swallow her grievances and encourage Damon to make that call.     
After an unknown measure of time, Talia realized that Damon was procrastinating. How will that help? Can a powerful Alpha act like a baby?     
Or did he forget about that call completely? Damon was known to push aside anything he didn't want to deal with, and this belonged in that category.     
If not for the small movements of his fingers on her back, she would think he was asleep.     
"Damon?"     
"Hmm?"     
"You know that you are not alone in this, right?"     
"Yes. I have you, Max, Chris, and Tony." He would mention Maya and Caden, but those two will go on a vacation, so he couldn't count on them short term.     
"And James," Talia added. "How about we record this call and ask Cornelia to bring James here tonight? We can have dinner together and let him listen to the call. James always had unique views and ideas. And this would be a good chance to get updates on Alpha Edward."     
At the mention of James, Damon's mood improved. Talia was right. That boy always had good ideas. If James comes, Damon will remind him that the offer to be Gamma of the Dark Howlers pack still stands.     
Seeing that Damon was willing, Talia thought of something. "How about we can ask if George and Dawn can also join? If this is as big as we think it is, we will need all the help we can get."     
Damon pushed a lock of coppery-colored hair behind Talia's ear.     
"What would I do without you, kitten?"     
Talia's smile fell. What would he do without her? He would go with his business as usual. Wasn't his life much simpler before she came into the picture?     
"If not for me, you wouldn't be in this mess."     
Damon frowned. "Don't say that."     
"Did you forget that the intrusion in the Dark Howlers pack during the Summer Solstice festival was because of me? Since then, things have been escalating. The last few attacks wouldn't happen if the Guardians were not set on me."         
They didn't have any proof, but after her encounter with Gregory, Talia was confident that the Guardians were the ones pulling the strings from the shadows.     
Gregory said that he didn't have anything to do with the attack on the Blue River pack, but why would Talia believe him? The only thing she believed was that Gregory would say and do anything to make her trust him long enough so he could snatch her.     
If the Guardians thought Talia would come to them willingly, that disappeared when Gregory forced heat on her. Sure, it all ended well, but it could have ended in so many horrible ways that Talia was getting nauseated just by thinking about it.     
"Rogues were attacking way before you came into the picture," Damon reminded her.     
She couldn't deny that, but… "They see your Luna as your weakness, so the rogues want me as well."     
"I wish that you could see yourself through my eyes. You are my light. You are my everything." He put his palm on her abdomen. "You are my gift from the Moon Goddess that keeps on giving. It is my duty and my honor to protect you. Don't see yourself as my weakness, and you are definitely not a burden. If anything, you are a catalyst that urges me to try harder and improve."     
Talia smiled as he shared his emotions so she could feel the raw adoration he had for her, and she would love to spend eternity basking in his unconditional acceptance, but they had work to do.     
"If you think your sweet-talking will get you out of calling Cassie, you should think again."     
Damon chuckled. "Busted."     
Talia's eyes flashed in outrage. "So, you admit to it?"     
"That doesn't mean my words were not true. You make my life worth living. Don't forget that kitten."     
Talia melted into an emotional puddle. Even after all this time, she sometimes doubted if this was happening. Even the wildest dreams of Talia from the attic in the Red Moon pack didn't include becoming Damon's Luna, being an Alpha, or that this handsome male specimen would look at her like she was the only woman in the world and say all those sweet things… it was surreal.     
Damon's palm landed on the back of Talia's neck, and he pulled her closer for a slow sensual kiss that made her toes curl.     
Was this another Damon's tactic to postpone calling Cassie? It didn't matter. Damon wanted kisses, and Talia was willing to let him have them.     
Later that evening…     
As Talia suggested, Dawn, George, James, and Cornelia came from the Red Moon pack to join them for dinner. Zina was elated to see her bestie.     
Dawn wanted to join George for the serious talk Damon planned (and why they came to the Dark Howlers pack), but she also wanted to hang out with Zina. George helped her decide by saying he would tell her what happened after they returned home.     
###Chapter 863: Not alone (3)
Chapter 863: Not alone (3)
After dinner, Trisha stopped by the packhouse with the intention of meeting Dawn.         
Caleb was waiting for Trisha in the car. Trisha was new in the area, and they were newly mated, so Caleb didn't want to leave Trisha on her own, but he also didn't want to intrude on her girl time. Trisha had a bubbling personality, and she had a lot of friends in the Spring Leaf pack. Caleb couldn't deny her this opportunity to make friends, even if it meant sitting in the car and playing games on the phone to pass the time until Trisha returned.     
Zina, Dawn, and Trisha were gathered around a small mountain of food on the kitchen island and chattering away.     
Talia, Damon, James, Cornelia, George, Maya, and Caden were in the study.     
Damon gave them quick updates on the situation before playing the audio recording he took while talking on the phone with Cassie.     
'Beep-beep... beep-beep'     
"I knew you would call," Cassie said smugly the moment she picked up the call.     
"Get to the point, Cassie," Damon sounded impatient. "What do you know, and what do you want in return?"     
"I know plenty."     
"Don't talk in a roundabout way if you expect me to take this bait. Give me more than words. How do I know your info is valid? And how do I know you won't backstab me?"     
"That's up to you," Cassie responded. "But I won't talk until you give me what I want."     
"And that is…?"     
"A ticket out."     
"Out from where?" Damon was audibly confused.     
"From here. People are saying you bailed out Marcy from the Red Moon pack."     
"They are saying, what?" Damon growled.     
"There is no proof, but the fact that she disappeared without a trace means someone big helped her. You were right there, so it's natural for people to connect the dots. I want the same. Different identity, money, and one ticked to a place my father won't find me."     
"Do you expect me to believe you are abandoning your free meal ticket? Everyone knows that Alpha Richard treats you like you can't go wrong."     
Cassie released a whine. "That was before. Now the Elders are bitching how we need to pay tribute, that I embarrassed the pack, and I have no value with my hair gone."     
"Your hair will grow, Cassie."     
"That's not the point. My duties are already given to Beta's daughter, and my father's mistress showed him a positive pregnancy test. They are mistreating me here, and it's not going to get better… I want out. Will you help me?"     
"You are asking for a lot. What do I get in return?"     
"Information. I got into my father's study while he was entertaining his new lay, and I learned a lot. I will tell you when you get me out of here."     
"That's not how it works, Cassie. I need something if you want me to risk provoking Alpha Richard."     
Cassie snorted. "He doesn't need provoking. He is already set on attacking you. Here is my show of sincerity. Several Alphas are set on attacking the Dark Howlers pack and dividing your territory."     
"Tell me something new."         
"This time, it's real. This is bigger than just a few Alphas coming together. This time, someone smart is behind them, telling them what to do. They are using rogues to test how they can get closer and… I'm not saying another word until you get me out."     
"You are talking like getting you out is an easy task. Can you even get out of the Steelbite territory without your father knowing? Or are you expecting me to march into your packhouse to pick you up?"     
"Let me take care of that. There is an event in one week that my father will attend. I will send you coordinates where to pick me up…"     
Damon pushed the button to stop the recording, and he looked around the room.     
"I want to hear your thoughts on this before I share it with other Alphas," Damon said.     
"Did you agree to extract her?" Caden asked.     
"No. I told her I would get back to her within three days."     
"I don't trust her," Maya said. She had too many bad memories related to Cassie to believe that Cassie could do any good.     
"Can we afford to ignore this?" George asked. "If what she said is true, and they plan a coordinated attack on the Dark Howlers pack, it will change the landscape as we know it. People will die, and someone will get more powerful. If they take down the Dark Howlers pack, the Spring Leaf and the Blue Moon will also fall. And which one will be next? And who is pulling the strings?"     
James raised his hand, indicating to George to calm down. His Alpha aura was leaking and making others uncomfortable.     
"Everything you said is valid, but if Cassie misdirects us, it will cause more damage than good.," James said. "Imagine that her info is about an attack on the Blue River pack next week. Everyone will send help, staying thin on only minimum security. And what will happen if the said attack is on the Lightclaw pack? They will be massacred."     
"I can call my sisters from the Coven to help," Cornelia said.     
James gave Cornelia's hand a squeeze. He loved that she offered help, but… "Let's hold off on that. First, we need to hear what Cassie has to say. Next, we need to verify if her intel is true. I suggest we start with confirming if Beta's daughter is handling Cassie's previous duties and if Alpha Richard is going to be a father."     
"I have ways to get that info," Damon said.     
Cassie's duties shouldn't be a secret, and Alpha Richard was not a person who would stay quiet about the future heir.      
"I can confirm if someone is lying," Talia said.      
James shook his head. "That will be useful if Cassie is not used by someone. It's no secret that Cassie is not the brightest she-wolf in their pack. There is a chance that Alpha Richard left that info on purpose for her to see."     
Talia's enthusiasm dwindled when she realized that James had a point. Verifying if Cassie was lying would work only if Cassie knew she was lying. What a mess.     
After a short discussion, Damon agreed that he will confirm Cassie's current situation and give her refuge. If Cassie dares to lie, she will wish that she stayed in the Steelbite pack.     
With Amelia's teleportation magic, escaping won't be an issue. Before bringing Cassie to the Dark Howlers pack, they will ensure she has no tracking or recording devices or magic on her.     
Damon will arrange a safehouse for Cassie so that no one knows she is here, and once Cassie gives them the info, they will tackle the part of verifying its validity.     
Damon was relieved that they had a plan. And Talia was right; discussing this with others made him feel like he shared the burden.     
"You seem to think Cassie knows something," Damon said to James. He noticed that James was set on rescuing Cassie.     
James confirmed. "My father would normally boast about things. In the last few weeks, he has been different. He has phone calls behind closed doors that even Beta Raymond needs to wait out in the hallway."     
While thinking about changes in Alpha Edward's behavior, George thought of something. "Alpha Edward is asking us to train in new patterns. He never meddled with our training, and we all know that Alpha Edward is not into military tactics, but lately, that changed."         
"Can you share those patterns?" Damon asked.     
"Sure. I can write down now what I remember and will send you more when I make copies in my office."     
George moved to sit at Talia's desk and started writing down things.     
"Well, it seems that Alpha Edward is part of the coalition that Cassie mentioned," Talia said, and she turned to James. "How are preparations for your birthday going?"     
James didn't understand why Talia would ask about that. "Fine. I guess. To be honest, I'm not involved." He was not looking forward to the party that will be a circus with him as the main attraction. And also, Cornelia won't be present.     
"You should be," Talia said. "If your father plans something against Alpha Damon or the Dark Howlers pack, your birthday would be a great opportunity to strike."     
###Chapter 864: Not alone (4)
Chapter 864: Not alone (4)
James thought how that was a possibility. With Damon attending the party, his father could ambush Damon or attack the Dark Howlers pack, or both. Without Alpha Damon, his pack was vulnerable.         
In the end, it won't matter if people knew who was behind the attack on Damon, no one would dare to say a word if they succeed in eliminating him.     
Damon was just one man, but he was the Alpha of the largest pack in North America. With Damon gone from the picture, it will be carnage to fight for what Damon currently controls.      
"I will keep my eyes open," George said from the side. "The party preparations need manpower. I will send a few Omegas loyal to me."     
"Will you attend the party if it's confirmed that Alpha Edward is planning something?" Cornelia asked as her eyes darted from Damon to Talia.     
"Of course!" Talia exclaimed. "How can we miss James' birthday? Damon will attend with his Luna Talia, who is also Alpha Natalia Moonrider of the Midnight Guardians pack. It will be our debut as a mated couple. No more secrets. And if Alpha Edward tries to put a finger on Damon, he will need to go through me. If he wants war, he will find out that we are ready."     
People might think that Talia was boasting, but her eyes were shimmering in silvery light, so no one dared to question her.     
"Are you sure you should take a risk considering your condition?" Maya asked.     
"What condition? Do you think our enemies care if it's convenient to attack?" Talia asked. "I've had enough of waiting to see from which corner enemies will slither. If we stay passive, it's only a matter of time before we fall to one of their tactics. I won't sit still and watch them hurt my friends, my pack, or my mate."     
Damon puffed his chest with pride. That's his kitten!     
George felt that his fighting spirit was swelling at Talia's words. It was inspirational.     
George cleared his throat to get everyone's attention. "My preparations are done. I am waiting for the right time to issue an Alpha challenge to Alpha Edward."     
"Don't rush," James said. "My father has many ways to deal with you outside of the Alpha challenge. Now we know someone is pulling the strings behind these attacks. It's someone powerful enough to unite rogues and Alphas. Getting rid of Alpha Edward might unleash calamity no one knows how to deal with."     
"Who could be that strong?" Caden asked.     
"This is not about strength, but it's about brain and resources," James responded. "Wave a piece of territory or money while coddling their egos, and they will all become lapdogs. It could be the Guardians, humans, or maybe someone we never heard of." James turned to Cornelia. "We know there are other realms, and it takes only one portal to connect them."     
Maya shifted in her chair. "When you speak like that, it sounds like enemies might pop from anywhere."     
"That is true," James said. "But the enemies we should fear are those among us, wearing masks of allies."     
Damon was alerted. "Are you saying that someone here is a traitor?"     
James shrugged. "Who knows? Anything is possible. Take me, for example. My father is proudly showing me as his heir, the next Alpha of the Red Moon pack, yet I am sitting here with you, and I didn't blink when George said he plans to kill my father. Aren't I a traitor? You can argue that my father is greedy and we are only protecting our lives and the people we care about, but in the end, there is no right or wrong. It's all a matter of perspective."     
With that, James stood up and walked out.     
Cornelia was unsure what to do. "Excuse him. James is under a lot of pressure lately."     
She was about to get up and go after James, but Damon was faster.     
"Let me talk to him," Damon said before disappearing through the door.     
"George," Talia called. "I don't think you should delay challenging Alpha Edward. Make sure you get the timing right so he can't trick you or avoid fighting you. Once Alpha Edward is gone, you and Dawn will be the only Alphas there, and no one will be able to harm you. Protect your allies and provide guidance for those willing to follow you. We will help you deal with the ones that are retaliating. Just give us a heads up, so we know it's coming."     
…     
Outside…         
Damon found James in the garden. He was standing next to the fountain and staring at the water that trickled to create ripples in the moonlight reflecting on the surface.     
"How are you doing?" Damon asked.     
"Like crap," James responded. "I don't want Cora to find out, yet I end up cracking." He turned to look at Damon. "How do you do it? How do you keep your cool with so many dangers?"     
Damon puffed his cheeks. "First, talk to her. Be honest. Tell her how you feel."     
"How I feel? Like a cornered rat. No matter what my plan is, I don't see how I can come out of it alive, and if something happens to me, who will protect my mate?"     
"If that's how you feel, that's what you should tell her. Your mate feels your emotions, and without you explaining, she will get worried and think of unreasonable scenarios. Women do that. Besides, there is no need for you to feel cornered. There is always a solution."     
"Are you talking about me becoming your Gamma?"     
"Yup."     
"Are you not afraid that my father will use that to attack you?"     
"Nope."     
"What changed?"     
Damon stuffed his hands into his jeans pockets. "We are not playing undercover games anymore. We know exactly who our allies are, and everyone else is an enemy. There are no neutral parties. The latest rogue attacks show that Alpha Edward and his cronies are making their moves, and if you stay where you are, my most reliable strategist is stuck behind enemy lines. I would rather have you in my camp and use your brain to get us out of this pickle while minimizing casualties."     
"How do you know I won't betray you?" James questioned with a stubbornness of a teenager.     
Damon shrugged. "I believe you are a smart guy. Even if we ignore the lack of your Alpha aura, Alpha Edward always cared only about himself. He used your sister, he is neglecting your mother, and he is displaying you like you are a trophy. Everyone is a pawn in his eyes, and he gives no loyalty. Future under Alpha Edward's shadow is grim."     
"And you are offering me a bright future?"     
"No. I am offering you a future in which you will be my Gamma; what you will do with it is your business. I will demand your loyalty and that you perform your tasks to the best of your abilities. In return, I will ensure your basic needs are met. Outside emergencies and usual work hours, you will be free to do whatever you want, without hiding. With your mate. And the best thing..." Damon gave James a meaningful look. "I pay well."     
James burst into a laugh.     
'PAK!'     
Damon smacked James' back with more force than necessary, and the unsuspecting teen nearly fell into the fountain.     
"You should laugh more often. You are only sixteen years old, yet you are acting like a grandpa."     
"I do what I need to survive," James responded.     
"Then do it. Come to my side and survive. I will be waiting."     
With that, Damon turned and walked back to the packhouse.     
###Chapter 865: Solitude (K&A) (1)
Chapter 865: Solitude (K&A) (1)
Keith laid on his side and observed the female sleeping soundly next to him. His cantaloupe-infused mate.         
Her bruises and cuts were nearly gone, and he could see how beautiful she was.     
Keith remembered how he carried Arya into the house and up the stairs (two at a time), and then he checked two bedrooms before finding the master bedroom. Of course, it was the last one he checked!     
The bed was covered with red rose petals, and there were strawberries, chocolates, and champagne on the bedside table. Keith took a mental note to treat Zina for this extra touch. Zina was the one who prepared the house for them. And at some point, Keith heard movements downstairs, only to find fresh food in the kitchen waiting for them. Again, it was Zina. When he noticed a presence downstairs next time, Keith didn't bother with it, knowing it was Zina, and he hoped she brought more food.     
Since arriving at this house, Keith and Arya didn't talk. They did that for the whole night in the pack hospital of the Spring Leaf pack, in the following morning, when she introduced him to people in the Spring Leaf pack, and on the way to the Dark Howlers pack. It was enough talking. He couldn't wait to claim Arya as his.     
He smiled while remembering Arya breathlessly calling his name and when her moan changed pitch as his fangs sank into her neck. Marking. It was done.     
They mated, and he marked her, and she was his now. Completely.     
Her gorgeous legs were sticking out from the bedsheet that covered her midsection, and her breasts were also peeking at the top. Keith licked his lips. He wanted to suck on her nipples and feel them hardening on his tongue. He did that a few times on the last day, and it was fantastic.     
He did a lot of things, and now that he thought about it... he was acting like a sexually deprived man. Maybe there should be more cuddling and talking, but he couldn't stop himself because she was hard and soft in all the right places, welcoming and pulling him closer, and she tasted of cantaloupe.     
Ah! He was hard again! Should he wake her up?     
Arya would fall asleep after a few rounds of lovemaking, taking about one hour-long nap before she was ready for more. It was more than an hour now. Did she have enough rest?     
Keith couldn't stop himself from reaching to touch the left side of her neck where his mark was forming.     
"Mmm…" Arya stirred from her sleep and exhaled shakily.     
Her eyes fluttered open, and he could see her drowsiness morphing into confusion as she processed where she was.     
"Good morning, gorgeous," Keith called, his voice huskier than usual.     
Arya blinked at him and smiled while pulling the bedsheet to cover herself properly. She was a warrior and a werewolf, and she was used to nakedness, but with Keith, it was different. Arya wanted to impress him, and she was not sure if she was presentable, considering that her body was sticky from sweat and bodily fluids. She pulled the bedsheet to her chin before responding.     
"Good morning?" It was dark outside. "What's the time?"     
"You woke up and lit up my world, so it's morning."     
"You are a smooth talker," she said.     
"I am much more than that."     
Seeing her shyly hiding behind the cover, Keith remembered one important thing.     
"I'm sorry, Arya."     
"For?"     
"For not being more… gentle." He was horny, and he could feel that she wanted him, so he went for it without thinking much. But now that he had the time to process events since they reached here, he needed to address a certain point. "If I knew it was your first time, I would…"     
"Can we not talk about it?" She interrupted him.     
Keith's brows came together, and he focused on her emotions. "Why are you embarrassed?"         
"Can you stop using cheats on me?"     
Keith reached to hold her hand, and he pried her fingers open to release the bedsheet. "These are not cheats, Arya. This is our bond. I can sense your emotions, and you get to sense mine. Do you feel how happy I am?"     
"Because it was my first time?"     
"That also," Keith admitted. "I mean, I wouldn't think less of you if you had men in your past before me." She was not his first, and double standards would make him an ass. "What matters is that I will be your last. However, I must ask, how is it possible that an absolute stunner like you was not intimate with a guy before? I'm sure males were going crazy around you."     
Arya pressed her lips into a line. Should she tell him that there were many guys, but none of them was worthy of her? The truth was that Arya compared them all to Alpha Cristian, and that's why none was worthy.     
Nope. She shouldn't say that.     
After experiencing intimacy with Keith and their bond strengthening with mating and marking, she could barely remember what she liked about Alpha Cristian. Everything worthy of mentioning was flavored with cotton candy, just like the handsome male who was on the bed next to her, buck naked.     
Keith's erection was distracting, and she wanted to cover him up with a bedsheet, but then we would both be naked under the same bedsheet, and… she was not sure what to do.     
She did her best to focus on his rich brown eyes that stared at her expectantly.     
"Males going crazy around me and me responding to them are two different things. By the time I came of age for men to pursue me openly, I was perfectly capable of kicking their asses."     
Keith stared at her in awe, and he pulled her hand to his lips without breaking eye contact.     
He kissed the root of her palm. "I will thank your ass-kicking abilities because they allowed me to be your first." He pressed her palm against his cheek. "I will make you happy, Arya. You won't regret this."     
"I'm not regretting it," she responded. "I hope you won't feel burdened by the idea that you must make me happy. I can do that myself."     
Keith frowned. "I know you can, Arya, but you don't need to. You are not alone. You have me."     
Arya thought he was silly, but she didn't want to stay passive and let him do all the work. "You make me happy, and I will make you. How does that sound?"     
"That sounds acceptable."     
Keith was horny as hell, and he leaned to claim her lips with his when…     
'Grrrr…'     
Arya's stomach rumbled loudly, and she was back to being embarrassed.     
Keith grimaced. How could he forget to feed his mate? It's many hours since they ate last time, and considering their recent activities, she should be starving.     
"I said I will make you happy, yet I'm not feeding you." He pecked her lips and jumped out of bed. "Give me a minute until I get something."     
Arya held her breath while staring at his naked form until his perfectly firm ass disappeared through the door. As a werewolf and a warrior, Arya saw many naked men, but Keith's form was fantastic. Broad shoulders, V-shaped back, muscular legs, and that ass... Keith had a great ass.     
###Chapter 866: Solitude (K&A) (2)
Chapter 866: Solitude (K&A) (2)
Keith was happy while inspecting the food Zina left for them. Soup, steak, sauteed mushrooms, mashed potatoes, creamy spinach sauce, and homemade dinner rolls. Everything was neatly wrapped and covered, and some things were left in the oven on warm. Zina's attention to detail showed because there were two slices of raspberry cheesecake in the fridge. She thought of everything.         
Even if Zina didn't bring food, they wouldn't starve as the pantry was stocked, and there was food in the fridge, but still… it was good to have a warm meal without the hassle of preparing it. This was their solitude, and every minute counted.     
Keith returned to the bedroom with a large tray filled with food, and he found the bed empty.     
Where did Arya go? He was not gone for more than a few minutes.     
Water running from the bathroom told him Arya had started the shower.     
Keith stared at the closed door of the bathroom while imagining Arya standing there, under the hot water, the hazy glass of the shower enclosure obscuring the view of her naked body…     
'Crack-snap-crack…'     
Keith was startled from his fantasy when he realized that his grip was breaking the tray he was holding.     
He swiftly moved to the low coffee table, happy that the lids were tightly securing contents from spilling all over. The last thing on his mind was cleaning the carpet. No one cleans the carpet naked, with a raging hard-on, and a perfectly naked mate under the shower... only a few steps away.     
Keith ran his hand through his hair and breathed into his palm to check his breath, and then he strode into the bathroom. His erection was sticking forward, showing him which way to go.     
Arya was scrubbing herself with urgency.     
Keith said he would get food, and Arya assumed she had at least a few minutes to tidy up.     
Normally, Arya wouldn't care about some sweat and gunk. She was a warrior, and hygiene was not a top priority. But now she was with her mate, and she couldn't bear the thought of him thinking she was fine with being smelly and filthy.     
Too many things happened in the last few days, and Arya was still adjusting to the fact that she nearly died, found her mate, left the Spring Leaf pack, and now she was here… with a male who entered her life and immediately got access no other man had. It's not that Arya didn't like it, but she never truly belonged anywhere.     
Arya was the perfect girl, the smartest student, the best soldier, always standing at the top because she feared that if she were lacking, they would discard her.     
The only person she looked up to was Alpha Cristian, and the fact that these feelings exploded for another man was… unexpected. She will need some time to adjust to the change.     
Goosebumps ran over her skin when she remembered Keith's hungry gaze directed her way, locking her in place and making her heart flutter. Keith was like a predator, ready to devour his prey, and in a way… he did devour her. Many times.     
Arya's hair stood on the ends when she felt a presence behind her.     
In one swift move, she lowered her center of gravity and turned when…     
"Woah!" Keith exclaimed when he caught her elbow. If he didn't react in time, that would hit him in the solar plexus. Dangerous.     
"Sorry," Arya said while pulling her hand away. "You surprised me."     
"Good reflexes," Keith praised her. "Do you always greet people with elbows?"     
"I was thinking something and…"     
"It's OK," Keith interrupted her explanation. "Sorry for sneaking on you. I didn't think it would freak you out. I won't do it again."     
Arya bit her lower lip guiltily. She acted on an impulse, a habit. No one dared to come so close to her, especially not in the shower when she was naked and vulnerable.     
Like nothing out of the place happened, Keith reached for the shower gel and squeezed some on his hand.         
"Turn around, let me wash your back," Keith instructed, and when she did, he asked, "I guess growing up as a warrior in the Spring Leaf pack was not easy."     
Arya released a long breath. His palms on her back felt good. "It was OK." It's not like she had anything to compare it with.     
Keith's hands slid around her waist, and he pressed on her abdomen to pull her on him until her back was stuck to his chest.     
"It was not OK," he spoke into her hair. "I can't imagine how you grew up without a family, but I promise I will be your family going forward."     
"I'm not sure I know what that means," Arya admitted.     
"It means you will never be alone, and there will always be a chance I will sneak on you while you shower."     
Arya stifled a laugh. "You will need to improve your sneaking if you want to succeed."     
"I guess general Arya gave me my first assignment. Lieutenant Keith is at your service, ma'am," he said gleefully.     
"What happened with," she lowered her voice, "I won't do it again?"     
Keith chuckled. "The last directive overrules the previous one. Expect me sneaking unless you command me otherwise."     
"You make it sound like I can tell you what to do."     
"But, you can. Only you can. No matter what I do, I will ensure you are OK with it. I hope you know that much."     
It was a strange thing to say, but Arya could feel his sincerity. Keith wanted to please, to make her happy.     
Arya craned her neck to look at him. "Don't you think it's strange how comfortable I am with you? We just met, and I barely know you yet…" She was not sure how to finish that, and she hoped that he could feel her emotions.     
Keith smiled as immense belonging washed over him.     
"I feel the same," Keith said, and then he leaned to claim her lips with his.     
Keith's arms were around Arya's waist, his chest pressed on her back, hot water fell on them, and she could feel his erection poking her bottom. She wanted Keith's hands to move all over her, and when they didn't, she decided to take the initiative.     
Without breaking the kiss, Arya turned to face Keith, and her arms sneaked around his neck.     
"We should eat first," Keith said between kisses. He remembered how her stomach rumbled.     
"That can wait," Arya responded breathily.     
Keith's cock lurched in response, and the last shred of reluctance vanished when she dug her nails into his back.     
Keith pushed her to lean on the wall and then lifted her right leg as far as it went. Keith was pleasantly surprised that Arya could make a full split effortlessly.     
Her leg rested on his shoulder, and he rocked his hips against her, allowing her to feel his length pressing between her folds and teasing her clit.     
"Do you feel this?" His hot breath splashed on her ear. "This is how badly I want you. Your pussy is mine. Every inch of you is mine and mine only."     
He grasped her chin roughly and stared into her eyes with an intensity that turned her on. "Say that you are mine, Arya."         
Keith needed to hear Arya say that or he would lose his mind. The idea of anyone else claiming Arya was driving him mad.     
###Chapter 867: Solitude (K&A) (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 867: Solitude (K&A) (3) [Bonus chapter]
"Yours," Arya said. "I am yours."         
"Only mine," Keith demanded.     
"Only yours," she confirmed.     
Arya gasped into the kiss that landed on her lips with urgency.     
She could feel his erection teasing and prodding, and his hands caressed her to set her body on fire, but even more impactful were his emotions that matched his words. Possessive, unyielding, dominating. Under that overbearing attitude was an endless ocean of worship he had for her, and she knew he would do everything in his power to make her happy.     
Keith pushed inside her with a groan. She was hot and wet, and the sparks of their bond amplified the pleasure to the point of his legs trembling.     
Keith's right hand gripped Arya's hip to hold her in place, and his left palm laid flat on the tiled wall for support as he thrust into her vigorously. Faster. Harder. It was mind-blowing, and he wondered how high they could go.     
Arya was lost in the sensation of his hard cock stretching her while delivering an addictive dose of sparks that drove her closer to the edge.     
Arya was never with a man before, but that didn't mean she was unaware of how perfectly Keith handled her body. He knew exactly where to touch, how hard, and how long to maximize her pleasure and make her cry his name within minutes.     
Her mind was dazed by lust that consumed her, and then it all exploded into ecstasy when his lips latched on his mark on her neck.     
The bathroom was spinning, and she held onto Keith for her dear life as an orgasm trashed her insides. Her left leg gave in, but luckily, Keith was pinning her against the wall so she didn't plop on the floor.     
"Fuck! You are perfect!" Keith breathed as his body twitched while releasing his load inside her.     
No matter how many women he had before, those were just fleeting pleasures, while intimacy with Arya was on a totally different level. She was able to make him experience heaven, and it was absolutely addictive. If it was up to him, they would have sex all the time.     
Arya leaned on Keith limply while he washed her body under the hot shower. He was so gentle while rinsing shower gel that she couldn't believe that was the same man who fiercely plundered her insides only minutes ago.     
Keith cradled Arya in his arms and waited for her to catch her breath before asking, "How about that food now?"     
"You know what a woman wants," Arya said. "In more ways than one."     
Keith felt a pang of jealousy coming from Arya, and he guessed that her comment was about his past. He didn't mention how many women he bedded, and he had no intention of going there, but it was obvious he was not a newbie. Shouldn't that be a good thing? Keith cringed at the memory of his first time, how nervous and clumsy he was. If he showed that side of him to Arya, she would make fun of him forever.     
But Arya's dejection was rising, and Keith needed to fix the situation before it escalated.     
"Hey, hey," Keith called while cupping her cheeks and making her look at him. "All of me is only for you. Do I need to take a blood oath for you to believe me, or will my feelings be enough?"     
Arya was embarrassed that her insecurities showed. She was always stoic, her actions measured and careful not to disappoint people, yet now she was making a fuss in front of Keith. What will she do if he thinks of her as petty?     
"That's not what I meant," she said.     
"What did you mean?" Keith questioned. "Whatever is on your mind, you can talk to me. No secrets."     
"What if you don't like my secrets? What if you dislike me?"     
Keith puffed his cheeks. "I can't guarantee I will like your secrets, but you… I will always like you."     
"How can you be so sure?"     
"You are my other half, Arya. Disliking you is the same as disliking myself, and I love myself."         
Arya didn't know how to respond to this, so she didn't.     
She watched in silence as Keith turned off the shower. He wrapped her into a large bathroom towel and wiped himself roughly with another before picking her up and carrying her to bed.     
"You got a lot of food," Arya commented when she saw a full tray. Some containers were stacked.     
He smirked. "We will need it."     
Keith got the soup to start with and offered a spoonful to Arya.     
Arya wanted to take the spoon and feed herself, but Keith avoided her hand.     
"Open widely. Your mate wants to feed you."     
Arya pouted. "So bossy."     
Keith smiled, seeing that she accepted his offerings.     
"If you become Talia's guard, I will be your boss. Keep in mind that I'm strict. I might require… extra hours." He wiggled his eyebrows, and Arya couldn't prevent herself from smiling.     
Keith continued feeding her while talking.     
"I know this is a big change for you, Arya. The Moon Goddess paired us for a reason. Trust in her and trust in me. I will do whatever I can to make it easier on you, but I need you to talk to me. Tell me what's bothering you and if we could do something differently. And especially tell me if I'm doing something right, so I can do it more often…"     
All this was a big change for Keith also. It's not like he had a mate before. Actually, he didn't have a proper girlfriend either. But Arya left her position as a general, and pack and her friends, and everything was new, mate included.     
Keith could feel her insecurities bubbling to the surface, and he was unsure what was causing them, but he was determined to assure her he was there for her.     
Arya was lost in his deep brown eyes and deep soothing voice, and she would open her mouth whenever food got close. She hummed in satisfaction when perfectly roasted steak danced on her tongue.     
"Can you tell me something?" Arya asked.     
"Anything."     
"I don't know if I imagined it, but… When Luna Talia found me, I thought I was dying. I believe I died, but then I felt warmth, and there was light. Is it possible that Luna Talia did something?"     
"It's possible."     
Arya was not pleased with that ambiguous response. "You said there shouldn't be secrets between us."      
"True. And I won't have secrets from you. However, if Talia had the power to bring you back from the dead, that wouldn't be my secret to tell."     
Arya disliked the protectiveness coming from Keith, but there was another thing… "You didn't say no."     
Keith puffed his cheeks. "Arya, Talia is the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. I'm sure you've heard about that pack."     
Arya nodded in confirmation. Of course, she heard about that pack. They were mysterious, and rumors said their members were descendants of witches with mystical powers.     
Indirectly, Keith confirmed that Talia was special.         
Arya's eyes flashed when she remembered one more incident she couldn't explain. "Are you from the Midnight Guardians pack?"     
"No."     
"How did you ignore Alpha Cristian's suppression?"     
###Chapter 868: Solitude (K&A) (4)
Chapter 868: Solitude (K&A) (4)
At Arya's question about Keith ignoring Alpha Cristian's suppression, Keith wondered how much he should tell her.         
At what point do the secrets he found out cross the line of putting Talia's safety in danger? Would Talia be in danger from Arya? Would he need to keep Arya in the dark because of Talia? Surely, there must be some middle ground.     
Arya was his mate, she joined the Dark Howlers pack, and he could feel that she didn't have malicious intentions, so… Keith smiled and reached to touch the necklace around his neck. "This is from the Midnight Guardians pack."     
Arya stared at the necklace. "Is that a magical that gives resistance to Alpha aura?"     
Keith was not sure what it was, but he knew what Talia had told him. "This necklace offers protection and healing. Talia gave it to me when she visited you in the hospital." It was not a lie. Talia fixed the necklace and gave it to him. "You were unconscious, and doctors were not optimistic about your recovery."     
Arya gaped at Keith as his words sank in. Doctors and nurses were gushing how Arya's miraculous healing was because of the mate bond, but now it seemed it was because of the necklace.     
"Are you saying that Luna Talia didn't save my life once, but twice? I feel like an idiot."     
"Why?"     
"I insulted her, looked down on her. I am jealous when you talk about her, yet she saved my life twice. She gave you time off duty as her guard so we can work on our bond in solitude, and I am…" Ungrateful. That was the word, but Arya couldn't say it as there was a lump in her throat.     
"Don't be jealous of Talia, Arya. I told you, I think of her as a friend." Keith thought this was a good opportunity to clarify a few more things. "There is more."     
"More?"     
"Mhm," Keith hummed in confirmation. "The Oracle of the Midnight Guardians pack gave me prophecy. She said that my luck is tied to Talia's and that by protecting her, I'm protecting myself. I didn't know what that meant until the night I found you. While kneeling next to Talia who was holding your battered body, I realized that I needed to protect Talia so she could save your life. If Talia was not in that forest, you would succumb to your injuries, and we wouldn't meet. So, you see, Arya…" Keith looked at her dreamily. "I will be forever grateful to Talia because thanks to her, I have you."     
Arya's chin trembled. "When you put it that way, I feel even more like an idiot for thinking badly of her."     
Keith shook his head. "You have the right to think what you are thinking and feel what you are feeling. We are all products of our previous experiences. But I hope you will keep an open mind and don't let prejudice guide you. Talia is kind and forgiving. Once you spend more time with her, I'm sure you will see how wonderful she is. The Dark Howlers pack is lucky to have her as our Luna."     
Arya never had so many conflicting emotions. She wanted to slap herself for acting like a bitch to her savior, and she wanted to slap Keith for thinking so kindly about another woman. Was she the bad guy in this situation?     
But there was one more thing. Keith's acceptance. He didn't think badly of Arya, no matter what she said. How was that possible?     
Keith could feel Arya's conflict. "Talia is your Luna now, and Damon is your Alpha. I hope you will find pride in the fact that the two strongest Alphas are leading us. Their glory is ours, and ours is theirs. We are one pack, bound to face challenges and prosper together."     
Arya left the Spring Leaf pack and joined the Dark Howlers pack. She could feel that the pack bond was different, but she still needed mental adjustment in accepting it as her new normal.     
"I want to know more about the pack," Arya said.     
"You can ask me whatever you want to know, but first…" Keith spread his arms, silently inviting her into his embrace.     
Arya blinked. He was completely naked, and she had only a towel around herself. Arya was not sure if she should ask him to cover up (at least his erect cock, if nothing else). Or should she remove the towel? Was he really going to talk with that hard-on? And there was still some food left.     
Arya decided not to be fussy, and she scooted closer to him.     
Keith liked seeing Arya settling into his embrace. It was natural, and she fit in there perfectly.     
Keith resumed feeding Arya and himself, and then he started telling her about the pack.     
"As you already know, our pack is the largest in North America. For a long time, it was just Alpha Damon with his Betas. A few months back, he found his Luna, and things started changing."     
Keith put a piece of steak into his mouth, and Arya used that chance to ask, "Only Alpha and Betas? What about Elders?"         
"We have Elders, but they don't hold any real power. Alpha doesn't consult them when making decisions."     
"What's the point of them being Elders if they don't do anything?" Elders normally held influencing positions and had a say in managing the pack.     
"I'm not sure," Keith admitted. "I heard stories that things changed when Alpha Damon took over, and he stripped away their power while letting them hold titles. I was in middle school then and not interested in pack politics. We can go to the library where we can check our archives."     
"Isn't it simpler to ask Alpha and Betas?"     
"I guess it is, but if it's a sensitive topic…" Keith's voice trailed, and Arya nodded in understanding. Alphas get touchy if someone questions their decisions.     
"Library it is," Arya said. "What else?"     
"Whenever you are up for it, we will go for a run, and I will show you the territory. Our wolves could use some bonding time."     
Arya agreed with this. She felt that her wolf was happy to be with Keith, but she also wanted to meet her mate's wolf form. Arya wondered about the fur color of Keith's wolf and how big he will be. Her cheeks heated at the thought that their wolves will go for a run, and they will want to mate as well.     
Keith's nostrils flared when he picked up the scent of her arousal. They still didn't finish the steak, and there was dessert also! Or should he just leave that on the side and tend to more serious matters? He was hard ever since they exited the bathroom, but he focused on feeding Arya at talking because he didn't want to appear like a savage. However, if Arya was willing, there was no need to hold back.     
Keith contemplated what to do, and then he decided it was safest to ask, "What's on your mind?"     
Arya lowered her gaze. She had no intention of admitting her thoughts. She was imagining two wolves going at it, and for some reason, it turned her on. How embarrassing.     
"I was wondering about Darkbourne. I heard it is large enough to support the economy of the Dark Howlers pack without trading with other packs or humans. And there were fantastic stories about the Summer Solstice festival."     
Keith decided to let this one slide. He didn't want to starve his mate. They will get frisky as soon as they finish the food.     
"Darkbourne has good restaurants and a sweetshop that will make you gain a few pounds… I guess the best way to see the town is to go shopping. We can get you some new clothes…" Keith imagined holding Arya close to him and walking around for everyone to see that he had found his mate, and that she was gorgeous. "The lake gets chilly in the winter, but otherwise, is a great gathering spot…" He told her about bonfires in the evening, how he will show her the perfect spots to watch nature blooming in the spring and the explosion of yellows and reds in the fall.     
Arya smiled while listening to Keith's stories that had the power to dispel her worries, and she was looking forward to seeing all those places with Keith. Her mate.     
###Chapter 869: Talia's Luna ceremony (1)
Chapter 869: Talia's Luna ceremony (1)
It was decided for Talia's Luna ceremony to be held this night when the mixer for unmated werewolves was organized.         
They picked this evening in order to conceal any possible magical effects due to the bond forming between Talia and pack members.     
When a new Alpha or Luna are introduced to the pack, every pack member will feel the bond changing to some degree. Considering Talia's unusual background, they couldn't predict how this would affect members of the Dark Howlers pack.     
Another risky variable was the point that Talia was an Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and there were no recorded cases of an Alpha having two separate pack links.     
Talia's Luna ceremony overlapped with the event where people will be in high spirits. Unless something extreme happened, people would think that whatever they felt was due to the joy of an unexpected event (like a fair where several packs participated). Everyone loved parties.     
Damon and Talia considered officially merging their packs, but that was not feasible because the Midnight Guardians pack was still not in a position to come out openly. There was also the challenge of their territories being physically separated with great distance between them.     
Amelia's and Cornelia's research on portals was progressing, but they were still far from coming up with a working portal. If they could open the portal into the Midnight Guardians pack, that would open them up to the possibility of merging two packs into one. However, until that happens, Talia's pack still needed to maintain their secrecy as they were gradually being introduced to society.     
Another benefit of cramming the mixer event and Talia's Luna ceremony on the same evening was that after the ceremony, they would all head to the mixer. That will give Damon and Talia the perfect excuse not to shift into wolf forms and go for a run. Normally, that would be expected, but Talia couldn't shift due to her pregnancy, and she didn't want to reveal that at this time.     
Talia's Luna ceremony was supposed to be private, but the number of people attending was rising by the day.     
Other than Mindy and Gideon, in attendance will be Damon, Maya, Caden, Talia's guards and their mates, Elders of the Dark Howlers pack, several high-ranking warriors, and Doctor Travis. They will be official witnesses.     
Maya and Caden moved their vacation to one day later so they could attend this event. Maya said that she had no hints of her heat coming (yet), and she didn't want to miss Talia becoming their Luna. Maya was looking forward to it since she realized that the girl coming out of the trunk was Damon's mate.     
With everyone important being busy and low-key about Talia's Luna ceremony, Erik, Petra, and Zack were stuck with ensuring everything went well at the mixer event until Talia, Zina, and Mindy (main organizers) returned to their posts.     
Talia was surprised that all Elders agreed to attend without making a fuss, and they collaborated in keeping this a secret.     
Maya believed Elders were obedient because they already had a pack run where Damon announced Talia as his mate and a future Luna, so any agenda Elders had was ruined. In addition, no one could deny the positive changes happening since Talia came to the Dark Howlers pack. Everyone knew that Talia was responsible for the tribute from the Steelbite pack and the scent-concealing mixture. Those were not secrets before, but now that it was revealed Talia was Alpha Damon's mate, all those contributions became much more significant.     
In short, Elders had two choices, either to support Talia as their Luna and maybe get some benefits or to accept being non-relevant.     
In addition to the people from the Dark Howlers pack attending, Cornelia was there. She would come to the Dark Howlers pack daily, so she knew about the ceremony. James didn't want to separate from his mate, so he was there as well, and how could Dawn miss this? Of course, George will come with Dawn, and then there will be Cristian, Michelle, Tony, Kalina, Maddox, and Tatiana. Axel and Yasmin were due to arrive with Kai, Meg, Tyler, and Sandy.     
Most of them were set to come for the fair-like mixer event, and since they would already be in the area, Talia thought it would be wrong to exclude them.     
James and George shouldn't show their faces, so Cornelia performed a spell to conceal their true appearances from everyone other than their small circle of friends.     
Somehow, Talia's private Luna ceremony turned out to be a big deal, but Talia didn't hate it. She loved the idea of her friends witnessing this monumental event. She became Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack when she was at her loneliest, and Damon couldn't remember her, and this will be the complete opposite.      
…     
Zina, Trisha, Caleb, Pierce, and Daria were in the garden behind the packhouse, setting up chairs and tables for their guests that were due to arrive soon. It will be a short ceremony, and the afterparty will be at the mixer event, but they still needed some drinks and snacks in order not to look shabby.     
Mindy and Gideon were on the platform in the back of the garden, preparing the ceremonial altar. Now that Gideon and Mindy had relocated into their new home close to the packhouse, this platform became the official spot for ceremonies. The stone altar was moved from Gideon's old home to here, and it took several warriors to lift each stone block that was etched with ancient symbols.     
Gideon could create a new ceremonial altar, but the old one carried a lot of history, and he didn't want to discard it. Shamans believed everything in nature had a soul and was worthy of respect, stones included.     
Gideon was busying himself at the ceremonial altar, and Mindy smiled when she heard him hum a tune; he would do that often since he found out that she was expecting his pup. Gideon was truly happy, and it reflected on Mindy as well.     
"Do we need more osage fern?" Mindy asked while showing him the container with dried plants that was among the others on the side of the platform. It was her duty as his helper to pass him ingredients during ceremonies.     
Gideon took a glance at what she was showing and shook his head. "No, those are more than enough."         
Mindy picked up the next container. "How about climbing sorrel?"     
"We have enough of those also."     
Mindy puffed her cheeks. "Is there something I can help with? I feel useless."     
Gideon shot her a side-glance. "You can help me organize these."     
Mindy saw that he was pointing at the altar, and she happily went there.     
No matter how she looked at the altar, it looked neat.     
"What can I do here?" Mindy asked, and she sucked in a sharp breath when she felt Gideon hugging her from behind. It was not about the hug, but she could feel him pressing his erection on her bottom.     
They were both wearing ceremonial clothes that didn't provide much obstruction for their private parts to meet.     
"You can do plenty," Gideon's hot breath splashed on her neck, just above his mark, and she felt tingles all over.     
Mindy nervously looked toward the garden, where several others were busy with preparations.     
"There are people there," Mindy whispered with urgency when Gideon's palm moved up her thigh under her skirt.     
Gideon chuckled. "I see no people, princess. It's just me and you and…" He released a low hum when he felt her pumpkin-infused moisture at the tip of his fingers. Mindy's pregnancy was making her super-horny, and he loved it!     
###Chapter 870: Talia's Luna ceremony (2)
Chapter 870: Talia's Luna ceremony (2)
Gideon thought of teasing Mindy a bit, but he ended up being tormented.         
They were both wearing ceremonial clothes that provided easy access (and no underwear). He just needed to push her skirt higher, and his on the side, and… damn it!     
Now he had a raging hard-on and an aroused mate right there that wafted of the most delicious pumpkin he wanted to devour. Unfortunately, Mindy and Gideon were on the podium, and if they did anything their bodies desired, they would give a good show to the people below. The surrounding forest was full of patrols, and their home was far away.     
Gideon's eyes flashed when he got an idea.     
"We need sage," he said. He took Mindy's hand into his and tugged her to the side.     
Sage? Mindy wondered if he was about to cook or conduct a ceremony. OK, sage was needed for some rituals, but not for the Luna ceremony. In preparation for this event, Mindy read Gideon's notes, and she was confident no sage was mentioned.     
Gideon led the way into a small shed only a few trees deep into the forest. It was used as temporary storage for ceremonial items.     
The place was cramped with shelving all around and one counter filled with various containers to the brim.     
Gideon pushed containers with powders and crystals to the side, making them clatter and fall to the ground, and then he hoisted Mindy to sit on the counter.     
Mindy's arousal swelled when she realized what Gideon was up to.     
The shed was enclosed from all sides, but the thin walls made of wood and plastic mixture didn't provide soundproofing.     
"Someone will hear us," Mindy protested, but she lifted her butt when he pushed her skirt up.     
Gideon smirked. "Then, this is your task. Be quiet. Not a sound."     
"Ah!" She moaned loudly when he entered her in one mighty thrust.     
"You failed," Gideon said grimly. "How will I punish you now, princess?"     
Mindy's insides trembled. His punishments included a lot of sex and him telling her when she can (and when she can't) have an orgasm. Those sessions were torturous, but at the same time, they were the most pleasurable she had ever experienced. She loved when Gideon bossed her around.     
"Please," Mindy squirmed because Gideon stopped moving. "I will be a good girl, just… let me have this one."     
"How will I teach you obedience if I give in that easily?"     
"Double my punishment. I will do anything."     
Seeing his pumpkin-infused princess beg for his cock was the best turn-on ever.     
"Tonight, your punishment will begin," Gideon said, and he spread her legs as far as they went. "Not a sound or you will miss the event you planned for," Gideon warned, and Mindy nodded with urgency. She would do anything for an orgasm.     
Mindy bit her lower lip, and her eyes rolled at the back of her head when Gideon started rocking into her. The sparks and the friction were getting stronger by the day due to her pregnancy, and holding back sounds was more difficult than she thought it would be.     
The containers that were still on the counter clattered against each other, and a few fell on the floor and made a mess, but Mindy and Gideon didn't care about those.     
Mindy was on the verge of passing out, and she held her mouth closed tightly out of fear that Gideon would stop if she made a sound. And just when she thought she reached her limit, Gideon pulled her into a kiss, and he swallowed her cries as she fell apart right there, on the counter in a shed that was used as temporary storage for ceremonial items.     
"You did good, princess," Gideon rasped.     
Mindy leaned her forehead on his shoulder while catching her breath. She loved that he praised her, but part of her was hoping he would increase the punishment further.         
Now only if she could find a cloth to wipe his seed that trickled out of her, that would be perfect.     
…     
In one of the guest bedrooms on the second floor of the packhouse…     
Talia was sitting in front of a mirror with Meg and Sandy styling her hair in a French braid with little flowers in it.     
Talia was delighted to have her Beta and Gamma from the Midnight Guardians pack with her. Kai and Tyler were mingling with guests.     
Maya, Tatiana, Kalina, Dawn, Michelle, Cornelia, Amelia, and Darya were in the room as well.     
Caden, Max, Tony, and Cristian were with Damon in a different room. Others were either getting ready or were already in the garden.     
Three Wilkow sisters were asking Meg and Sandy about Varya and Grady, and they knew that Lidia and her mate will be at the fair. The event was organized as a mixer for unmated werewolves, but anyone could attend.     
"Why is Yasmin late?" Talia asked.     
"She should be here by now," Meg responded.     
Just as Meg finished saying that, there was a knock on the door, and Yasmin peeked in.     
"Oh, I thought I would never find you," Yasmin said before opening the door and waddling inside. "I took a left instead of right, and I got lost. This pregnancy is messing with my sense of direction."     
Talia wanted to ask, how can anyone get lost in this packhouse where staircases were in the middle of a building and straight hallways go left or right? But then her attention fell on Yasmin's belly, which looked like she was about to blow any minute.     
Yasmin paused. "Is there something wrong?"     
"Uhm… Your stomach," Talia said.     
Yasmin grinned and rubbed her big bulge. "Thanks to you teaching me how to channel energies, I was able to advance my pregnancy."     
Talia was still processing this information. She saw Yasmin only two weeks ago, and at that time, Yasmin had a flat stomach, and this… this was huge!     
Talia remembered that the time in the Midnight Guardians passed differently and that Yasmin was carrying twins, and she reminded herself not to stare. She gave Yasmin a big hug.     
"You are glowing," Talia said to Yasmin.     
"And you are beautiful," Yasmin returned the compliment.     
Talia suddenly became aware of her outfit.     
Meg, Maya, and Sandy also wore ceremonial outfits, but Talia's stood out with black embroidery that formed shapes of wolves and a moon above them.     
Talia turned to the mirror and ran her hands over the soft brown leather that covered her chest and made a skirt. She wore that same outfit for the Dark Howlers pack run, and there was a ceremony as well, but Talia missed it because Damon didn't remember her, and she needed to prepare for the magic spell that would snap Damon to his senses.     
This time, Talia was determined that this will be successful. She will have her Luna ceremony, and everything will be great. It had to be.     
Damon said that her Luna ceremony was low-key, and if anyone wanted to cause trouble, they would be targeting the fair. Talia was unsure about redirecting attention of bad people to the fair, where a lot of civilians were, but Damon assured her that they had plenty of warriors standing guard and mixed in with the crowd, and it will be OK. Besides, with so many Alphas in the area, no one would dare to act rashly.         
###Chapter 871: Talia's Luna ceremony (3)
Chapter 871: Talia's Luna ceremony (3)
"It is time!" Maya announced, and the females milled out of the room, leaving Talia with Maya, Meg, and Sandy.         
Yasmin and Mindy would also be there, but Yasmin had difficulty moving around with her huge belly, and Mindy will be at the ceremony with Gideon.     
Of course, Tatiana, Kalina, Cornelia, and Michelle wanted to be part of that event also, but Talia said that they will get to participate in the ceremony when the big party happened. This was the formal part of her becoming a Luna, so only her Betas and Gammas (aka her official aides) would stand by her side.     
Mindy was not officially a Beta or a Gamma, but it was just a matter of time.     
Every pack had its own customs, and that applied to the Luna ceremony as well.     
This was not a wedding where Talia gets to walk down the aisle to meet Damon, who was waiting in the finely pressed suit. This was a werewolf ceremony for a new Luna of the Dark Howlers pack to be crowned.     
Damon accepted Talia as his fated mate and as his Luna, but the pack needed to accept her as well.     
Talia was set to take a roundabout way toward the garden. She will move through the forest and face challenges set by pack members in order to prove she is worthy of being their Luna.     
She didn't know who or what was waiting for her. Her challenges were selected by the Shaman and Elders.     
Talia released a long breath and closed her eyes while sensing the surroundings of the packhouse. People, plants, s… there was nothing suspicious for miles. The only people she saw were from the Dark Howlers pack, and her senses were not disturbed, giving her confidence that rogues or Guardians won't meddle with this.     
This was it.     
What could go wrong? Even without enemies, plenty could go wrong.     
Talia was mostly worried about her body rejecting two pack links. What if her bond with the Midnight Guardians pack gets severed? Or what if this fails?     
'It will be alright,' Liseli comforted her. 'You and your pup will be alright. If the Moon Goddess didn't think you could handle it, she wouldn't make you the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack and give you Damon as your mate.'     
'Thanks, Lis.'     
"Ready?" Maya asked Talia.     
"As ready as I will ever be," Talia responded.     
"We've got your back!" Meg exclaimed.     
Talia's brows came together in concern when she saw Meg's belly. She was not super-pregnant like Yasmin, but anyone could see Meg was with a child.     
"Be careful, Meg. If anything happens to your baby…" Talia stopped talking when Meg raised her hand, palm toward Talia.     
"I am your Beta. Kai agrees that I can accompany you on this task. I am attending daily training without any issues. Besides, if I can't protect you, no one can." Meg declared proudly, and then she glanced at Maya guiltily. "No offense."     
"None taken," Maya responded and turned to Talia. "It will be fine. It's just a ceremony, for show. Besides, if anyone gets too excited, just push them down with your aura."     
"And don't forget that I'm here!" Sandy exclaimed excitedly.     
Talia smiled gratefully at her three friends while wondering what the challenges could be. They were all talking like fighting would be involved, but the truth was that it could be anything.     
Hand-to-hand combat, hunting, preparing a meal, a math problem… MATH!? Talia felt her insides tightening. She will definitely fail if they ask her something from academics!     
'Kitten?' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's mind.         
'Yes?'     
'Hurry up.'     
Talia couldn't believe this. 'Seriously? Is that how you are encouraging me?'     
'This is to prove you are worthy of being my Luna, and I know you are overqualified. What I don't know is how delectable you look in that outfit.'     
Talia sucked in a breath when Damon sent her mental images of two of them naked.     
'Stop that!'     
Damon chuckled. 'I wish I could. You and me is all I can think about. Well, mostly me inside of you.'     
'What am I going to do with you?'     
'I can suggest a few ideas if you have none. But my ideas are mostly about the two of us, naked.'     
Talia was about to respond snarkily, but then she realized that this little banter helped dispel the last traces of anxiousness she had.     
'Damon?'     
'Yes, kitten?'     
'Thank you.'     
'You are welcome.'     
Talia walked out of the packhouse to see that Keith and Arya were standing on the right, where the forest started.     
"This way, Luna," Keith said and gestured in the direction Talia should go. "Unfortunately, we can't accompany you. The path will be marked with black scarves. There are twenty of them, and you need to collect at least ten in order to gain the Elders' approval. We will wait for you on the other side."     
Keith and Arya bowed when Talia stood in front of them.     
This was the first time for Talia to see Keith and Arya since they left for their solitude, but she could see they were happy.     
Talia walked into the forest first, with Maya, Meg, and Sandy behind her.     
Four ladies could see well in the darkness, but the shadows played tricks on them. Talia didn't tell her three helpers that she could clearly see every strand of grass all around them.     
Talia led the way around traps; one big hole covered with thin branches and dried leaves, and some wires that would trigger simple mechanisms.     
They collected five scarves without any issues.     
"This is a piece of cake," Maya said.     
"Don't celebrate before it's done," Sandy said solemnly.     
A few steps later, Talia stopped advancing, and several figures emerged from the shadows.         
"Maybe you should go back," a male voice spoke, and Talia recognized the guy who stepped forward when he was a few steps away from her. It was Mark from the soccer team.     
"Who are you to tell me to go back?" Talia asked while her eyes moved over other figures. They were all members of the soccer team, elite warriors.     
"We are warriors of the Dark Howlers pack. Unless you can defeat us, we won't acknowledge you as our Luna," a voice said from the back.     
"You think you can stop me?" Talia asked. "Just you? What can you do?"     
"We can make it so that Alpha Damon doesn't recognize you," another shadow spoke.     
Sandy's temper flared. "Watch your mouth!"     
"Pft! You are not a part of our pack anymore, Sandy. Do you think we will listen to you?"     
Meg was about to say something, but Talia raised her hand, indicating to Meg to wait.     
"I just need to defeat you. Is that all?" Talia asked.     
There was no malicious intent from the people who blocked her way; it was all part of the show. No matter if Elders were plotting something against Talia as a last-minute resort, the warriors in front of her wouldn't stand against her. They all met her as Talia, the team spirit of their soccer team; a silly girl with wolf ears headband on her head whose furry hand they held (and kissed) while praying for their team to win... and they did. They also knew Talia as the female who brought the scent-concealing mixture, which made their missions easier and possibly saved lives. The female who secured them a tribute from the Steelbite pack.     
They all looked at Talia with admiration, and she was touched.     
At the same time, she needed to put up a show as well.     
With one thought from Talia, all figures in front of her fell to their knees. "Do you accept your defeat, or should I prove myself more?" She released a bit more of her aura to make her point, and a few groans were heard.     
"We are convinced," Mark said in a strenuous voice. "We acknowledge you as our Luna. Here is a token…"     
Maya moved forward and took a black scarf from his hand.     
"As I said, easy-peasy," Maya said with glee as they continued walking through the forest.     
"You said it was a piece of cake," Sandy reminded her.     
"Can you stop talking about food?" Meg complained. "I'm hungry now."     
Sandy stifled a laugh. "You are always hungry."     
Meg's eyes flashed in outrage. "You don't say such things to a pregnant woman!"     
Talia, Meg, Sandy, and Maya burst into laughter. Ah, the mood was good.     
###Chapter 872: Talia's Luna ceremony (4) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 872: Talia's Luna ceremony (4) [Bonus chapter]
Damon was in the garden with Caden, Maddox, Tony, and Cristian. They were chatting to pass the time while waiting for Talia to finish her challenges so that the ceremony could start.         
"It will be alright," Caden assured Damon. "Do you want to hear their progress?"     
"No need," Damon said. He could feel Talia's emotions, and there was not a shred of negativity. Actually, she was happy, so he knew that his kitten was doing fine.     
Damon could mind-link Talia himself, but he didn't want to interrupt. What if she ended up in trouble because he distracted her?      
He could imagine her walking through the forest and stepping on a slippery rock and falling, and… what if their pup gets hurt?     
Damon shook those thoughts away. It will be fine. Talia was careful and not clumsy. And then he remembered that unless he was holding onto her, she was prone to accidents!     
No, no… Talia changed. When they met, Talia's body was covered with injuries, and she bumped her head into a fridge and she fell off a bed, but she was a different girl now.     
Then, she was a weak she-wolf without her wolf, yet now she was powerful and confident, so falling off the bed was replaced with random explosions and teleportations!     
He was super anxious now.     
Damon puffed his cheeks and took deep breaths while repeating that it will be alright.      
'Mate is close,' Sapa's voice sounded in Damon's head.     
Damon swiftly downed his glass of scotch and kept it on the nearby table before dashing onto the platform where Gideon and Mindy were waiting.     
Caden was right behind Damon.     
"Are they coming?" Caden asked, and Damon's eyes were glued onto the darkness where the forest began.     
Four figures emerged from there leisurely, like they were not participating in a challenge, but they took a stroll in the park.     
Elders gathered in front of the podium, waiting for Talia, Maya, Meg, and Sandy to arrive and deliver the necessary number of scarves.     
"Our Luna candidate is here!" Elder Agatha exclaimed to get everyone's attention.     
"Let's see if she has the necessary number of scarves," Elder Thomas said in a low voice, but everyone was quiet now, and they could hear him clearly.     
Talia's expression was unreadable as she extended her hand with black scarves. Elder Charlie accepted them and started counting while separating them.     
"One. Two. Three... Six. Seven. Is that all?"     
"That's all from me," Talia responded.     
"That's not enough!" Elder Agatha said while looking around at other Elders. Now what?     
"These are from me," Maya said while handing another bunch of fabric.     
Elder Charlie took them and counted, "One. Two. That's a total of nine."     
Elder Agatha frowned. "Still not enough."     
"Maybe with these, it will be enough," Meg said while extending her hand.         
There were two more scarves there, and it was more than ten, but then Sandy also gave two more.     
"We have thirteen!" Elder Agatha announced.     
"These should be presented by the future Luna," Elder Patsy said with a frown. "How are we supposed to interpret these? Will Alpha Damon take four Lunas?"     
Talia couldn't believe this. Was he trying to stir trouble?     
"There will be no such thing," Talia said sternly. "I am here to be the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, but I have no intention of doing it alone. My aides will work with me just how they did in this challenge." Talia established eye contact with every Elder without flinching. "The Dark Howlers pack is the largest pack in North America, and it's my honor that the Moon Goddess decided I should be your Luna. However, I will rely on my friends to advise and keep me in check so I don't get consumed by the power that comes with this position." She lifted her chin arrogantly. "Any complaints?"     
"No, no," Elder Agatha was quick to say, and she shot a glare at Elder Patsy. "I am sure there are no complaints. You presented thirteen scarves out of twenty. That's three more than necessary. We, the Elders of the Dark Howlers pack, approve of you as our Luna."     
With that, Elders moved to open a path for Talia to the podium where Damon waited for her.     
Caden was also there, but Talia's whole world narrowed to her mate.     
Damon was wearing a ceremonial leather garment that hung at his waist like a miniskirt, and the rest of his body was covered in black symbols that were painted on him. Damon wore a necklace made of teeth that gave him an air of danger, and nothing concealed his impressive form.     
Damon noticed Talia was checking him out, and he straightened his back to give her a better view.     
'You like what you see?' Damon asked through their private mind-link.     
'You look delicious,' Talia responded.     
'Not only look. I am delicious,' he said cockily. 'Now, come here, so we finish the formalities, and I can see what you are hiding under that skirt.'     
Talia strode with confidence that made Damon hold his breath, and he couldn't stop staring at her face, which was adorned with blush.     
'You are beautiful,' he said.     
'I was going for fierce, but beautiful is fine.'     
Damon's smile reflected in his eyes as he extended his hand for Talia to take.     
'Did you have any issues with the challenges?' Damon asked.     
'No,' she responded.     
If it were anyone other than Talia, it would be difficult. Some traps were well hidden, and thanks to Talia's ability to sense surroundings, they avoided a few spots that would be dangerous. But even with that, Talia found that some scarves were missing. There were only fifteen scarves hidden in the forest, which meant that someone wanted to sabotage her.     
One scarf was tied to the top of a rotting tree, and Sandy climbed it under Talia's guidance on where to put her weight without falling.     
Talia knew that even if she returned with less than ten scarves, Damon wouldn't care, but it would give a reason to the Elders to create problems. She was unsure how much trouble they could cause, but she knew that when a seed of doubt was planted in people's hearts, it didn't take much for it to grow. Talia wanted to start this right.     
Damon gave Talia's hand a squeeze. 'It's happening, kitten.'     
'It is.'     
'You still have a chance to change your mind.' They talked about this more than once.         
Damon told her that she didn't need to go through the ceremony as she would always be his mate and Luna, and he will never accept any other. However, Talia didn't want to hear about it. Yes, there was a chance of things going haywire because she was the Alpha of another pack, but she wanted to be Damon's Luna for everyone to know, and she didn't want to choose between those two.     
Talia wanted the acknowledgment of the Dark Howlers pack. It was important.     
If they didn't go through the ceremony, she will never be a member of Damon's pack, and his people would wonder why Talia didn't become their Luna. Rumors would spread that she might be incompetent or maybe that Damon was ashamed of her, and their enemies would definitely use that to sow discord. That was something Talia didn't want to allow.     
###Chapter 873: Talia's Luna ceremony (5)
Chapter 873: Talia's Luna ceremony (5)
'I am not backing down from this,' Talia responded to Damon through their mind-link with confidence. 'I am Talia Blake, your Luna. I am also Natalia Moonrider, the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. I refuse to shrink in front of dangers no matter how big they are.'         
Talia looked Damon straight in the eyes and continued with her voice for everyone to hear. "I don't know what lies ahead of us, but I am confident that we will go through it together."     
Damon was emotional. His timid kitten, who he found hiding in the attic, was standing proudly in front of him and the audience, and she spoke to him as an equal. And she was his.     
Damon reached for the necklace made of teeth that was around his neck and lifted it over his head.     
"Talia Blake, the Moon Goddess made us fated mates. The Elders of the Dark Howlers pack accept you as their Luna. I stand before you, humbled by your beauty, kindness, and power. Do you accept to be my Luna and lead the Dark Howlers pack with me, as the pack Luna and my equal?"     
"I do," Talia responded with a smile that widened when Damon put his necklace around her neck.     
"This necklace represents my honor, my ability to provide for my pack and to protect them. It is yours now. Everything I have is yours as we are one."     
Talia's heart swelled with all the emotions that poured into her. Damon meant every word, and he was really happy and proud that she accepted him in front of their friends and pack Elders to see.     
Talia wished that she had a necklace to give him in return, and she wanted to hug and kiss him, but this was not the time, so the only thing she could do was to say, "I acknowledge your sincerity, Damon Blake, Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. I will be your Luna and stand by your side, as your equal."     
'I love you, kitten,' Damon said through their mind link.     
'I love you more,' she responded dreamily.     
Gideon saw that Damon and Talia were about to kiss, so he cleared his throat loudly before starting the ceremony.     
Caden and Maya stood by Damon's side, and Meg and Sandy were next to Talia. Kai wanted to be there also, but Talia was not ready to reveal her identity as Alpha Natalia, so he needed to watch as an audience. Meg and Sandy were known to be Talia's friends, so their presence at the podium was not suspicious.     
Fire danced in a bowl that was on the stone altar, and Gideon chanted while putting herbs in the fire that burned with purplish smoke. Mindy was passing things to Gideon without a word, and every next thing Gideon threw into the fire created a different scent that spread through the air to create a mystical and solemn atmosphere.     
Talia was glad that Damon was holding her hand as butterflies went crazy in her stomach, and she feared that she might start floating from the excitement that swelled within her. It was happening!     
Gideon handed the perfectly white knife to Damon, who accepted it with a bow.     
Damon turned to Talia while holding the blade.     
"This is it," he said in a low voice. "After this, there is no going back."     
"I am ready," Talia responded.     
Damon didn't flinch when he cut his palm. It was a deep wound, and Damon made a fist above the fire.     
Flames twirled and reached higher like they were hungry for Damon's blood that was dripping in there.     
It was Talia's turn next.     
Talia cut her palm and made a fist above the fire, and the flames intensified further, nearly licking her hand.     
Gideon was chanting unintelligibly as Damon put his bloodied hand over Talia's.     
Talia gasped when Damon's blood mixed with hers. She could feel the burning sensation traveling up her arm. It was almost as intense as when he marked her.     
Talia's fist loosened, and Damon's hand moved to interlace his fingers with hers. Their wounds pressed against each other, and Talia wondered if Damon could feel her coursing through his veins because she could feel him.         
But it was not just Damon; it was much more. Like thousands of minds were combined into one, her mind expanded to accept them all, like a boost that amplified her powers.     
The connection with the Midnight Guardians pack was full of respect and worship. This was different.     
The energy of the Dark Howlers pack coursing into Talia wrapped around Damon's emotions, creating something warm and friendly, like when one returns home after a long journey; a home that was safe and filled with positivity, welcoming, and eager to embrace her.     
Talia's eyes swelled with tears of happiness.     
She spent two decades alone, hiding while craving to be noticed and accepted, and here was not only Damon but his whole pack accepting her as their Luna. She knew that the acceptance of the pack came only because she was Damon's fated mate, but she was the only one who had that status which meant that only Talia could be received in this way.     
Talia smiled at Damon as her heart swelled with joy and all things good in this world.     
Everyone stared at the scene of Talia's hair turning white, and in less than a second, her whole figure was glowing in pulses that followed her heartbeat.     
Elder Agatha pressed on her chest to feel that the pulsating light matched her heartbeat, and it was not just her. It was like all people in attendance got synchronized. One heartbeat, one breath… it was unity on a higher level, with Talia in the middle.     
Talia's light expanded and enveloped Damon, and then it exploded silently in all directions.     
It was over, and only the fire crackling could be heard.     
Talia's body was buzzing with energy, and she had an urge to shift into her wolf and run. Unfortunately, that was not an option.     
'Did it work?' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head.     
She wanted to say it did, but then she remembered that she had a mind-link with him and that this energy boost might be because of whatever energies Gideon attracted.     
First, Talia focused on her connection with the Midnight Guardians pack. It was still there, but just to make sure.     
'Meg?'     
'You will need to explain to these ignoramuses the flashing spectacle,' Meg said sourly.     
Talia wanted to do something else first.     
She confirmed that she didn't lose anything, but was the ceremony successful?     
'Maya?' Talia called through the mind-link.     
'It's good to hear your voice, Luna. I must admit that I could feel the jolt when you joined the pack link. We will need to tell something to our people because just saying they were happy due to the fair won't be believable.'     
Talia's face exploded into a smile when she heard Maya's voice.     
"It worked," Talia said to Damon and added through the mind-link only for him to hear, 'And our pup is fine also.'     
Damon was quick to wrap her into his arms and give her a mind-spinning kiss like no one was watching.     
Damon didn't want to pressure Talia, but her joining him as his Luna officially meant the world to him. Now they were a mated couple in front of their friends and their packs, just how it was supposed to be from the beginning.     
Talia wondered how to explain the glowing. Most of their friends were aware of witches and magic, but she could feel many questioning gazes on her.          
###Chapter 874: Talia's Luna ceremony (6)
Chapter 874: Talia's Luna ceremony (6)
Talia didn't want to lie, not anymore. Can she tell them that she is Alpha Natalia without revealing the magic part? Was it wise to disclose her true identity and spoil the surprise she was planning for James' birthday?         
"The Moon Goddess gave us a blessing!" Gideon exclaimed, making everyone look at him in surprise, Talia included.     
Gideon moved to the front of the podium and continued talking.     
"What we experienced tonight is a rare phenomenon when the Moon Goddess endows us with her powers. Alpha Damon waited for his mate longer than any other Alpha. We know that Alpha's powers swell when he finds his Luna, and we had our theories on how to find him the best Luna and impede dangers tightening around us. Tonight, the Moon Goddess gave us the answer. Only Alpha Damon's union with Luna Talia could take the Dark Howlers pack into a bright future."     
Gideon made a dramatic pause and pointed his finger at the people in the audience. "If you are doubtful, feel the energy coursing through you. This is a miracle to benefit all of us for not losing faith in the will of the Moon Goddess."     
Gideon leaned forward and spoke in a hushed voice to the Elders of the Dark Howlers pack, "Ancient texts mention that we might discover special abilities. I will count on you to keep an eye on the youngsters and tell them not to spread this around as we might attract trouble before we confirm the effects of this blessing. Seek me for guidance. Let's not waste this opportunity to boost the power of our pack. Only together will we prosper!"     
"Only together will we prosper!" The Elders chanted in unison. They were all super-excited about the possibility of getting mysterious abilities. And since they were the closest ones to the ceremony, didn't that mean they will be the most affected by this boon?     
Talia and Damon looked at Gideon gratefully.     
Gideon came up with a perfect story. If anyone else told such nonsense, people wouldn't buy it, but this was the Shaman. He was a master of stories that sounded like they came out of fantasy novels, and people ate whatever he served.     
James snorted derisively while looking at the Elders who were celebrating. He knew their type. Power-hungry bastards. But James couldn't deny that he also got a power boost of some kind, as his body was brimming with energy.     
Whatever happened was not only reserved for the members of the Dark Howlers pack. He was itchy to see if he was faster or stronger, or maybe he got an ability also. James dismissed the last part because if abilities were this easy to gain, everyone would have them.     
"Jay?" Cornelia called. "What are you thinking about?"     
"The energies," he said. "I can feel them." He stared at his palm. "There is power coursing through me, but instead of wanting to be expelled, it's merging with me."     
Cornelia smiled. "I can feel it also. Don't resist it. It seems that Talia can boost our connection with nature. The more you absorb it, the more benefits it will bring you. I can already tell that you are more handsome."     
James chuckled. Was she flirting with him?     
"Did everyone get this?" James asked.     
Cornelia nodded. "To some degree. You might be more affected because I am your mate."     
James thought that it made sense. If he got a bigger boost because Cornelia was his mate, didn't that mean that Axel got a big boost also?     
James looked around to find Axel standing frozen and pale as a sheet of paper. Did he suffer from some side-effect?     
"Ahhh!" Yasmin cried, and everyone turned toward her. She was bent at an awkward angle and holding onto the bottom of her stomach. "The babies… I think… they are coming…" she said breathily.     
Doctor Travis was by her side in a minute.     
He had his share of dealing with Alphas, so he raised his hands in front of Axel, indicating that he meant no harm.     
"I am a doctor. I want to check Luna Yasmin's condition," Travis said, and only when Axel nodded stiffly did Travis get closer.     
He was about to lift Yasmin's skirt when he realized Axel would rip his head off.     
"Can you take her inside? I will need to check…" Travis glanced toward Yasmin's crotch area, and Axel swiftly scooped Yasmin into his arms and carried her inside.     
Talia was there right away, and so were Cornelia, Amelia, Maya, Meg, Sandy, Dawn, Tatiana, Kalina, Daria, and Michelle.          
The excitement was tangible. There were babies on the way!     
Axel took Yasmin into the first bedroom available, and Tatiana and Kalina pushed him out in the hallway because he was growling and releasing his Alpha aura, making everyone uncomfortable, and Travis was unable to work.     
Axel found himself in the hallway with Damon, Maddox, Cristian, Tony, George, James, Kai, Tyler, and several others. All guys. They were all standing there with stiff expressions, none liking to be excluded, but they didn't dare to go inside and face the wrath of females.     
In the room…     
Travis had his first aid kit ready, so he put surgical gloves on and checked Yasmin's state while Meg and Sandy were filling him up with details such as that she was expecting twins.     
"I'm sorry, Yasmin," Talia said. Somehow, she knew that the ceremony progressed her pregnancy.     
"Why do you sound like this is a bad thing?" Yasmin asked. "You know I've been waiting to meet my children for a long time. Nature made sure it happened here, with a doctor who knows modern medicine and is familiar with werewolves." How Yasmin saw this, it was the best-case scenario.     
Travis straightened up and pressed his lips into a line while removing his gloves.     
"How is it?" Meg asked.     
"She is in labor," Travis responded. "Pups could come in five minutes or in five hours. I am thinking if we should wait here or if we should take her to the pack hospital."     
"I want to go to the hospital," Yasmin said. "How far is it?"     
"It's about ten minutes for the stretcher to come here, and by the time we take you in, it will be about half an hour."     
"Axel can carry me," Yasmin said. "He is a fast runner. We can be there in five minutes."     
"Are you sure?" Cornelia asked.     
Yasmin nodded. "It might seem like a safer option to stay here. However, if anything goes wrong, the doctor can take care of me better in a hospital."     
"Alright," Travis said. "Then, we shouldn't delay. Let's call Alpha Axel here, and I will mind-link my staff to be ready to receive you."     
They were all about to go, but Yasmin pulled Talia's hand. "You should go to the fair."     
"I want to be there when my nephews are born!" Talia protested.     
"You heard the doctor. It might take five hours, maybe longer," Yasmin said. "We are in the middle of the Dark Howlers pack. I feel safe here, so security is not a concern. Our people are out there. Some found their mates, and some are still searching. They will find comfort in your presence, and you must assure them that things will be alright."     
Yasmin looked at Cornelia and Amelia. "The two of you are needed to help transport the lucky ones who found their mates. Everyone here should attend the fair. You can check on me later. Your company in the hospital will be appreciated, but it won't make it faster or easier. Axel will be with me."     
"I will take good care of Luna Yasmin," Travis declared. "I will keep you up to date with any progress."     
"I will send guards to make sure nothing goes wrong," Talia said, and her eyes lost focus as she spoke directly to Keith and Arya, 'Luna Yasmin is in labor. The two of you will escort her to the pack hospital and make sure no one unauthorized gets there. I know you were looking forward to the event, but this is important. In one hour, someone will come to replace you, and then you can go to the fair.'     
Keith was on duty to protect Talia during the Luna ceremony and for the rest of the evening, so he didn't think about having fun at the event anyway. Arya was not a guard, but she was a capable warrior, and she tagged along with Keith.     
They got organized quickly, and Axel carried Yasmin with Travis, Keith, and Arya following them.     
###Chapter 875: Talia's Luna ceremony (7)
Chapter 875: Talia's Luna ceremony (7)
With Yasmin gone to the hospital, things settled down, and Talia turned to see Damon in the hallway.         
He was leaning sideways on the wall and looking extra yummy with the ceremonial garment around his waist and his body covered in markings done with black paint. But the whole visual was spoiled by his troubled expression.     
"What's wrong?" Talia asked while approaching him.     
He shook his head. "After the ceremony, we were supposed to address our people, but with Yasmin…"     
"It's OK," Talia interrupted him.     
"No. It's not OK." He took her hand into his and placed her palm against his cheek. "I was supposed to tell everyone that now they have their Luna, but it didn't happen. I failed you again, kitten. I wanted to make this right."     
Talia was touched by his sincerity, but she didn't think anything was amiss. Sure, Elders tried to sabotage her, and she was set to find out who was behind it, but she would never blame Yasmin or Damon for something out of their control.     
"The ceremony was completed, and I am the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack. I can feel the energy of the pack and their trust in our leadership." Damon's leadership, and she hoped that in time they would accept her as more than just Damon's mate. "Yes, Yasmin went into labor, but if you look at our experiences so far,  this was the closest thing to perfect we ever got."     
"Next time, no pregnant women will be allowed," Damon grumbled.     
Talia smiled helplessly. She accepted his condition of no children allowed for this ceremony. He said that it was for safety, and considering the latest incidents, everyone went with it, but Talia guessed that Damon didn't want Ashton around. The unsuspecting boy was at the fair with his grandparents.     
Damon wanted to ban pregnant women? Doesn't that mean Talia will be banned as well as Meg, Tatiana, and Mindy? And there was one more point she wanted to address.     
"Next time? How many Luna ceremonies will I have?"     
"As many as you need until we get this right," Damon responded seriously. "I want everyone to know that you are mine and that you are my most important person. You are my mate, and I will do whatever I can to make you happy."     
Talia looked at Damon dreamily. How could she say no to that?     
Damon's arms wrapped around Talia's bare waist, sending a dose of addictive sparks as he pulled her closer.     
Talia thought Damon would kiss her, but she saw him lick his lips while looking at her seriously.     
"I'm not sure if I said this before. Welcome to the Dark Howlers pack, Talia. This was your home from the moment you stepped into this packhouse, and even before that, but now it's official. You are the mistress of this house and of this pack. It's all yours, just how I am." He regretted that he didn't do this on the day he brought her here.     
"Thank you, Damon," Talia responded, and she really meant it. "This position, this house, this pack, I accept it, just how I accept you. Thank you for taking care of me so far. From today onward, I will take care of not just you, but of the whole pack as well. We will do this together."     
Damon's insides shook when he felt her acceptance and adoration. She was so small and fragile, yet so powerful and determined, and he was confident that his heart was not capable of more love, but here he was… loving her more by the minute. She was perfect, for him. Only for him.     
Talia got on her toes, searching for his lips, and their soft kiss turned hungrier with every heartbeat.     
Little by little, Damon pushed Talia backward, and she didn't notice at what point they entered the room where Travis had been examining Yasmin before.     
Talia snapped to her senses when Damon closed the door behind them with a kick.     
"Damon…" She protested weakly when she realized that their destination was the bed. "Do we have time for this? Guests…"     
"They are grownups who know that the ceremony is over," Damon cut her off, and then he closed the distance between them to plunder her mouth with his tongue.     
Talia sank into the mattress with Damon on top of her.     
'Besides…' Damon continued through their mind-link. 'I said I want to see what you are hiding under that skirt. Your mate is not a patient man.'         
His lips latched on his mark on her neck at the same time his hand ventured at the cradle of her thighs, providing a sensory overload and making Talia forget about everything beyond the confinements of that bed.     
…     
Mindy was frustrated with Elders swarming around Gideon. She was looking forward to going to the fair, but this will take forever!     
Elders think of themselves as influential people who provide guidance to younger generations, but they had a lot of questions about the Moon Goddess, mysterious energies, and the signs of abilities being awakened.     
Mindy wanted to slap Elder Agatha when the old crow said how she knew that good were days coming because her left armpit was itchy. What nonsense.     
Consumed in her angst, Mindy didn't realize that her Alpha aura was leaking until everyone quieted down to look at her.     
The only one not bending was Gideon, as her aura didn't affect him. It was a perk of being her fated mate.     
"Uhm…" Mindy cleared her throat. "As your Shaman said, you should all go home, meditate, and pay attention to changes in your body. This time is crucial. You wouldn't want to miss an ability awakening because you were here chattering."     
Mindy could see people's eyes widening, and then they all nodded in agreement. Elders took turns thanking her and Gideon before dispersing.     
"I thought they would never leave," Tatiana said from the side.     
Mindy bobbed her head while walking to her sister-in-law. The Mindy-Tanya duo was getting along well from the day they met, and then Tatiana ended up being Maddox's mate, they were both strong-willed business-oriented she-wolves, and now they were pregnant at the same time. How could they not be close?     
"I am surprised you are still here," Mindy said. And it was not only Tatiana. Maddox, Tony, Kalina, Cristian, and Michelle were also there. "I thought you went to the fair with Damon and Talia."     
"We are waiting for you. Besides, Damon and Lia were seen entering a room while locked in a kiss. I assume they will take a while." Tatiana wiggled her eyebrows to what Mindy rolled her eyes.     
She wanted to say that Alphas are unsatiable beasts, but then she remembered what Gideon did to her in the shed before the ceremony, so she kept that snarky comment to herself. She didn't hate it.     
Tatiana gestured toward Mindy's ceremonial clothes. "Are you going like that?"     
"Yes, we will go like this," Mindy responded for herself and for Gideon who was tidying up the altar.     
Werewolves didn't mind going au naturel, and her ceremonial clothes covered all her important parts. However, knowing it was all right there, accessible, and that Gideon would be right by her side was turning her on.     
"Give me a minute to help Gideon, and we can go…"     
###Chapter 876: The fair mixer (1)
Chapter 876: The fair mixer (1)
Mindy helped Gideon tidy up the area where the ceremony was held.         
Gideon's addictive scent of lavender stirred Mindy's lust and her mind started running wild.     
Will they go at it behind a food booth? Or maybe they jump in a crate full of plush toys? There was a stage with live music, and Mindy knew one dark corner where she could go down on Gideon. Ah, so many possibilities!     
Mindy felt like a naughty teenager who was planning to sneak around with her crush, and the playful mood from Gideon told her that he approved.     
Mindy was confident that people would be shocked to find out how bad their Shaman is, bad in a good way… bad in the best way possible. She was happy that only she got to see that side of Gideon. Others could see him as a tranquil wiseman, but Mindy knew better. That man was fire and ice in one, and he was hers.     
…     
The fair was organized on a clearing at the virtual border of the Dark Howlers pack and the Spring Leaf pack.     
Not long ago, that land was unclaimed, used by the rogues to move between territories without being noticed. Since packs combined borders, they agreed to use this no man's land like it belongs to all of them. The only condition was that no one would create settlements on it, and for any resources found there, negotiations would be needed before they could be harvested.     
This event was for several packs, so Damon and Cristian agreed on the location. Of course, they did because Talia worked with Zina and Mindy to make this happen.     
Mindy called her sister-in-law (aka Tatiana), and they immediately thought of this event as something that could cheer up people currently finding refuge in the Blue River pack. People from the shelters were assigned to help with stalls and games, and they assured plenty of breaks for everyone to enjoy the event.     
Mindy and Tatiana hoped that those poor souls would find their mates, as that would be the best chance for them to heal mental scars that were etched deep into their existences.     
Michelle was coordinating members of the Spring Leaf pack who were responsible for kid-friendly games and snacks, which made the fair more family oriented.     
Other than members from three packs, they had people from the Midnight Guardians pack, and Tony and Kalina arrived with two full buses of the Lightclaw pack members.     
The event swelled into something no one could predict, and the most impressive part was that the fair was organized within a few short days.     
Talia and Damon emerged from between bushes, following the makeshift trail many feet before them created.     
The duo was fully dressed in comfy casual clothes, and Talia had a small backpack.     
Talia paused at the sight in front of them.     
Only two days ago, she came here to check if the clearing was suitable for the event, and she provided guidelines, yet she didn't imagine it would turn into this. There were stalls and booths as far as her eyes could reach, the smell of various delicacies filled the air, there were music and cheers and laughter, the whole area was lit up with string lights, and it was all buzzing with positivity. It was fantastic.     
Damon pulled Talia to lean on him, and he kissed her temple.     
"You did a fantastic job, kitten."     
"I had help."     
Damon clicked his tongue. "This is not the time for modesty. Of course, you had help, but without you, this wouldn't happen."     
Talia didn't want to argue. Besides, he was right. This all started because she wanted to organize a mixer for members of the Midnight Guardians pack.      
'Meg?' Talia called through the mind link. 'How are things going?'     
'Fantastic!' Meg exclaimed. 'Amelia is giving rides every thirty minutes. So far, we have had twenty-two people from our pack mated, and more are coming! Oh, and we are not the only ones scoring here. Everyone is finding mates. They are everywhere! This event is a huge hit! You probably don't want to go into unlit areas of the forest, if you know what I mean.' Meg ended with a giggle.     
Talia's heart expanded at the thought that many people found their mates, and it was all thanks to her organizing this event. It was a big deal.         
Talia's expression froze when Meg spoke through the pack link again, 'After tonight, everyone will talk about Malia!'     
'What Malia?' Talia asked.     
'Your mate-finding service. We are low-key advertising you. I received business cards from two other packs interested in your…'     
'Meg!' Talia interrupted Meg. 'How about you and Kai go to the pack hospital? Take the next shift so Keith and Arya can come to the event.'     
'Did I do something wrong?' Meg asked, this time with much less enthusiasm.     
Talia couldn't believe Meg had asked her that. How many times did she tell her not to spread the Malia nonsense? 'Yasmin is in labor. As a Beta of the Midnight Guardians pack, you should watch over her.'     
'Yes, Alpha Talia,' Meg responded respectfully, and Talia could feel that Meg felt guilty because Talia reminded her of their positions.     
'Is it OK if I ask Sandy and Tyler to join?' Meg asked reluctantly.     
Talia knew that those four were getting along well, and she could imagine them chattering the night away. 'As long as you make Yasmin's safety a priority, you can.'     
'With the four of us there, we can keep each other company and stay until morning…'     
After hearing this, Talia felt less guilty for punishing Meg in the spur of her anger.     
Talia turned to look at Damon, who didn't show an intention to move from the edge of the clearing.     
"Is something wrong?" Talia asked.     
Damon looked at Talia seriously. "I want to introduce you to our people. Can I?"     
Talia's lips lifted into a smile. "I would love that."     
Damon turned toward the fair, and his hold on Talia tightened.     
'This is your Alpha speaking!' Damon's voice boomed in the head of every member of the Dark Howlers pack. 'You are aware that I found my fated mate. Tonight, Talia officially became your Luna. I expect that you will support her in the same way you are supporting me.'     
'Welcome, Luna Talia!' Caden and Maya exclaimed in unison through the pack link.     
"AWOOOOO!"     
The ground shook as hundreds of attendees raised their heads and howled to welcome Talia.     
Talia was overwhelmed. The joyous event became better.     
'Thank you, everyone,' Talia spoke into the pack link. 'The Moon Goddess gave me Damon as my fated mate, which made me your Luna. I promise to do my best to be the Luna you deserve.'     
"AWOOOOOO!!!"     
This round of howls was louder than the previous one.     
Talia raised her head to meet Damon's eyes smiling at her. She thought that her heart would burst with happiness.         
"This whole evening was fantastic, and it's getting better by the minute," she said. "Thank you, Damon."     
"No, no, kitten. Thank you," he said and leaned to capture her lips with his.     
Before their kisses turned steamy, Damon inched away, and they had matching smiles on their faces.     
"I have my Luna and a pup on the way, and our pack is celebrating. Life doesn't get better than this."     
"It can get better," Talia said and glanced sideways in the direction of the fair. "How about we attack that food? It smells delicious, and I'm eating for two."     
Damon chuckled. "Your wish is my command, kitten."     
###Chapter 877: The fair mixer (2)
Chapter 877: The fair mixer (2)
Talia was on cloud nine.         
Walking among the lively crowd and stalls with Damon by her side brought back happy memories of the Summer Solstice festival, but this was better. This time, Damon was not holding her hand. His arm was on her shoulder, holding her close to him, and her arm was around his waist. Everyone could clearly see they were a couple.     
Talia was not an invisible girl anymore. Many people greeted her with big smiles and small bows, and vendors offered them free samples.     
Damon stopped at a food stall with grilled meat skewers. Talia looked dreamily at the Alpha, who was making sure they got two skewers for each sauce flavor available.     
Damon's hands were full when he turned to look at her questionably. "Do you want to eat here, or should we find a spot to sit?"     
"There are tables that way, Alpha!" A vendor shouted over the clamor of the fair while gesturing to his right.     
"Let's sit," Talia said. She would love a bench, or maybe something elevated so that she can watch the people and witness a scene of mates recognizing each other.     
Damon refused to let Talia carry anything other than her backpack on her back, and even with his hands full, he managed to hover around Talia and ensure no one got too close.     
The area with dozens of tables was in sight when Talia found a stall she was looking for.     
She tugged Damon's t-shirt to stop before calling, "Chef Page, how is business?"     
The people waiting in line moved to clear the space between Talia and the man who was selling ramen.     
Chef Page bowed respectfully. "It's doing well. Thank you for allowing me to set up a stall."     
"Nonsense!" Talia said while waving her hand. "Your food is delicious. I have craved your ramen since the Summer Solstice festival. When we finish these skewers, we will come here to place an order. Save us a bowl."     
"I will be honored, Luna." He glanced at Damon and bowed again. "Alpha."     
The moment Talia turned away, her smile fell. She could see the sadness behind Chef Page's polite expression.     
'What's bothering you, kitten?' Damon's voice sounded in her mind.     
She shook her head. 'I was hoping Chef Page would be happy to participate in this.'     
'He lost his daughter. It will take more than one event to cheer him up, but this is a good start.'     
Talia was not sure. What if this only reminded him of Lulu, who would be by his side and help him serve ramen? 'Do you think I did a good thing by asking him to come?' She knew that he wouldn't refuse.     
'If he was home now, he would be alone with his grief. Like this, he can see that there are people who need him and are happy to eat his food.'     
"Look who decided to join!" A cheerful voice reached them, and Talia recognized Mindy.     
Talia turned to see that James, Cornelia, Mindy, Gideon, Tatiana, and Maddox were sitting at one table. It was such a strange group of people. People from three packs and a witch.     
Mindy and Gideon were the glue that brought them all together. Mindy had a family relationship with Maddox and Tatiana, and Cornelia and Gideon were familiar because of her research that Gideon was interested in.     
The nearby table was occupied by Kalina, Tony, Cristian, Michelle, Pierce, Daria, Jordan, and Lidia.     
Damon and Talia joined them, and Talia found herself sitting between Maddox and Damon. Somehow, this was familiar also. At the Summer Solstice festival, Maddox was teasing Damon, who was pulling Talia closer to him, and… Talia shook her head helplessly. How come she was so oblivious to the signs that she was Damon's mate?     
"Open wide, or you will get messy, and then I will need to lick you clean," Damon said to Talia.         
Talia blinked to see a meat skewer hovering in front of her mouth and she opened her mouth obediently.     
'I wouldn't mind you licking me,' Talia said to Damon through their mind link as her lips closed around the meat, and Damon cursed under his breath. He was always half-hard around Talia, and the slightest sign that she was willing would send a pulse of pressure into his groin. Like now.     
Talia hummed in satisfaction as sweet and tangy flavors with the smokiness from grilled meat coated her tongue. She leaned on Damon while chewing happily.     
For Talia, this right here… food, friends, and Damon… that was the definition of happiness.     
Talia's eyebrows shot up when she saw one guy standing up with his eyes fixed on the noisy crowd that gathered around a stall where a vendor was taking bets for some guessing game he had set up there. A moment later, a female emerged from the crowd, and Talia squeezed Damon's hand excitedly when the two people met in the middle and kissed without a word. Mates!     
"The female is from our pack," Damon said to Talia.     
"The male is mine," Maddox chimed in. "My pack is growing."     
Tatiana and Talia looked at each other helplessly. Why was everything competition? Will those two Alphas grow up?     
Noise from the nearby table reached them, and Talia realized that Kalina and Cristian were arguing.     
"What's going on there?" Talia asked, fearing that this might escalate. If Alphas start fighting, everyone will suffer. They will ruin the fair!     
Mindy waved her hand, indicating to Talia not to worry. "Ivy and Lily found mates tonight. Their mates are twins from the Spring Leaf pack. Kalina is not willing to lose both of her helpers at once, and Cristian says it's normal for females to leave their packs, and… you can guess the rest. I don't understand why they don't agree that one couple stays in the Lightclaw pack and the other goes to the Spring Leaf. Like that, no one will be at a loss."     
Talia nodded in slow motion while listening. She thought how Kalina and Cristian arguing was useless. Shouldn't they ask the mated couples where they want to live?     
Talia had a good opinion of Ivy and Lily, and she was happy to hear sisters found mates who were brothers. But she couldn't see them separating. Two families will definitely want to stay close.     
Without Talia noticing, they finished the meat skewers.     
"Are you still in the mood for ramen?" Damon asked while collecting now empty plates and used napkins.     
Talia nodded, and Damon kissed her cheek with, "Let me get it."     
Talia understood that she should wait for him (and ramen) at the table. She had no ions.     
Mindy whistled loudly after Damon while speaking to Talia, "If someone told me a few months ago that mighty Alpha Damon would dote on a female so much, I would call that person a liar. You turned him into a sub."     
Tatiana threw a napkin at Mindy. "Stop talking nonsense. Did you forget that Talia is an Alpha? And even if she isn't, it's perfectly normal for a guy to dote on his mate." She turned to Maddox. "Isn't that right?"     
Maddox nodded earnestly. "Absolutely! What do you want to eat next, my queen? Your mate will get it for you."     
Mindy stifled a laugh. It was strange to see that her pompous brother was domesticated.     
It's not that Gideon didn't treat her right, but he was not an Alpha.     
Mindy knew that Alphas would never lower themselves for a female, yet here were Maddox and Damon, at the same table, willing to crawl if that would make their mates happy.      
###Chapter 878: The fair mixer (3)
Chapter 878: The fair mixer (3)
Talia looked in the direction where Damon went, and she could see the crowd parting to make way for him.         
"What are you looking at?" Mindy asked.     
Talia shook her head. She didn't want to admit that she was eyeing if any female would be foolish enough to get close to her man. Talia was done being intimidated or polite when it came to shameless women. Damon was mated and marked, and he was Talia's!     
Talia saw chef Page preparing two bowls of ramen with extra care, and she noticed one more figure by his side passing him things as he extended his hand. They worked without a word spoken. It was a female child, around ten years old.     
Talia could sense that the child was not from the Dark Howlers pack, and what stood out in this mass of smiles was that the girl was not smiling. Her expression held a sadness that was kept in. It was uncharacteristic for such a young child.     
Talia remembered that Mindy and Tatiana collaborated that people from the Blue River pack shelters to help with the fair, and Talia guessed that the girl was from that group.     
"Do you know who is the girl at the ramen stand?" Talia asked.     
Mindy was not sure, so she looked at Tatiana.     
"Oh…" Tatiana said when she recognized the face. "That's Jane. Why?"     
"It's just…" Talia was not sure how to explain it. "She seems to be shouldering grief that shouldn't belong to such a young child."     
Tatiana nodded in confirmation. "She came to our shelter not long ago. We found her wandering the streets of a human city and searching for food in trash cans. We have no idea if she has any living family, and we don't even know her name. She has no pack link. Jane refuses to talk, and people in the shelter gave her the name Jane Doe. She doesn't trust people, and when she finally opened up to one…" Tatiana glanced around, and she was glad that Cornelia and James had left the table some time ago.     
Tatiana continued in a hushed voice. "It was Kim Dorsey. Jane was by her side when Kim was killed."     
Talia's face fell when she connected that Kim was Marcy. She read reports that Marcy was killed during the rogue attack while defending a child, but Talia didn't know that was the girl in question.     
"It must have been horrible for the girl," Talia said. If she didn't belong to a pack, it meant that she grew up isolated from their kind and probably from humans as well. At such a young age, she wouldn't be able to shift into wolf form and hunt, and since her social skills were lacking, she couldn't seek help either.     
"Whatever progress she made, it was wiped off with that attack," Tatiana said. "After that, Jane barely ate. We brought her here because we didn't know what else to do. Our psychologists are helpless because she is not responding to their treatments. At this rate, she will lose her wolf." Tatiana looked toward the ramen stand. "To be honest, I am surprised to see that she is reacting to the instructions of that man. Is he some kind of an expert with trauma victims, or is he just good with children?"     
"That's Lulu's father," Talia said, and it took a second for everyone to understand what Talia meant.     
"Sometimes, one grief recognizes another," Gideon said.     
"Do you think they could help each other heal?" Mindy asked.     
Gideon shook his head. "No one heals after such a loss. But maybe they can help each other find purpose to keep living."     
"What are you thinking?" Tatiana asked Talia, who was obviously up to something.     
"Both Chef Page and Jane lost the only person they were attached to. Would it be possible for him to visit Jane, or maybe for Jane to stay with him?"     
Tatiana looked at Maddox, who was so far only listening.     
"As Tanya said, our treatments are not working. If you have an idea, feel free to give it a shot," Maddox said.     
Talia was quick to mind-link Damon. 'Can we get someone to replace chef Page at his stall temporarily? I would like to talk to him.'     
…     
"You want me to do what?" Chef Page asked Talia in disbelief.         
Chef Page and Talia were at the table with Damon, Mindy, Gideon, Maddox, and Tatiana.     
"The girl helping you at the stand," Talia said. "She lost a person who was dear to her recently and is currently staying in a shelter in the Blue River pack. She is not responsive to attempts to integrate into society. I was hoping you could take some time off the stand and check out the fair with her and see how it goes."     
Chef Page looked at the stand he left behind that was now staffed by two warriors from the Dark Howlers pack. Jane was standing behind them with her head lowered. He told her to wait, and she didn't move a muscle.     
"What should I do with a child I barely know? Play games?" Chef Page asked.     
Talia shrugged. "If that's what you want."     
"You could take her to a stand that sells sweets. Kids like those," Tatiana said. "We can give you money to cover the expenses."     
Chef Page lifted his hand. "With all due respect, Luna Tatiana, I have money for snacks. I just don't see why me. I have no idea how to deal with children who are grieving."     
"You are the first person to whom Jane responded in weeks," Maddox said. He omitted the part with Marcy. "At this rate, the girl is at risk of losing her wolf. She is barely eating, and we tried everything in our power. You are our last hope that Jane's life could turn for the better."     
"The worst thing is that she doesn't cooperate," Gideon said. "No one will blame you."     
Seeing that Chef Page hesitated, Talia didn't want to push it. "It's OK if you are not comfortable with it. We were only asking. You can return to your stall and pretend that this discussion didn't happen."     
"I didn't say I won't do it," Chef Page said. "But, how do you expect me to make her play games?" He told her, more than once, that she should go to the area for children and enjoy the fair, but the girl didn't leave.     
Talia got an idea. "Let me take care of it. I just want to know if you are willing."     
"Alright. Let's say you persuade her to go, and I accompany her. Then what?"     
"Let's take this one step at a time and see how tonight goes," Talia said. "It goes both ways. If you want to meet her again, you are welcome to visit her in the shelter, or maybe she can visit you."     
Chef Page went to return to his stall, and Talia reached into her backpack.     
Damon was curious to see what Talia had on her mind, and his eyebrows shot up when he saw her pulling a small plush toy from there. It was Cinna.     
Talia patted the plush puppy's head and looked at Damon. "I was thinking of giving it at one of the stalls where these are used as prizes, but this will be better. If it works." She gave Damon a kiss on the cheek. "Wish me luck! Watch over my backpack until I return."     
###Chapter 879: The fair mixer (4)
Chapter 879: The fair mixer (4)
Jane followed after Talia, away from the fair. They didn't go far, just enough for them to talk without shouting. Actually, Talia did all the talking as Jane was looking at her shoes and not saying anything.         
"Is this your first time at the fair?" Talia asked Jane.     
Seeing that Jane didn't respond, Talia continued, "I heard that you are not interested in going to the fair to play. Is it because you want to stay with Chef Page and help him?"     
Jane nodded faintly.     
"Ah, I understand," Talia said dramatically. "Sometimes, you want to have fun, but you must work."     
Jane raised her head to look at Talia quizzically.     
Talia puffed her cheeks. "To be honest, I'm feeling down lately, and I don't want to have fun. If it were up to me, I would stay in my bed all day and hope no one would disturb me. But I had to come here as it didn't seem right that I relax while everyone else was working. The one who wants to have fun is Cinna."     
Jane's eyes fell on a plush toy that Talia was cradling in her arms like it was a baby.     
"You see…" Talia lowered her voice, "It's Cinna's first time at the fair, and she would like to look around, but I can't take her because I'm busy. Do you know someone who can show her around and take good care of her? She is small, and I'm afraid she might get lost. It needs to be someone responsible."     
Talia raised the toy to her ear.     
"What did you say? You think that Jane is trustworthy, and you want to go with her? But she needs to work with Chef Page."     
Talia looked at Jane and then at Cinna. "I know you like Jane, but she wants to help Chef Page at the stall. How can she take you? We need to find someone else."     
Jane's eyes widened, and Talia could see the conflict on Jane's little face.     
"Would you like to take Cinna to visit the fair? I can ask my friends to help out Chef Page so the three of you can go together. He could use a break as well. The man is standing there for hours. Can you make sure he has some fun and treats?"     
Jane blinked, and a slight movement of her head told Talia that the girl was considering it.     
Talia stroked the toy gently. "I love Cinna. She is very precious to me. However, I don't have much time to play with her. Cinna needs a good playmate. Are you willing to take her around the fair? If you promise to take good care of Cinna, I can let you have her as long as you let me visit occasionally."     
Jane's eyes widened to the point of making full circles.     
"What do you say, Jane? Do we have a deal?"     
…     
Talia leaned on Damon, and they looked at the crowd in the direction where Chef Page, Jane, and Cinna disappeared.     
"Do you think I'm meddling?" Talia asked Damon.     
"I think you are amazing," Damon said honestly. "That girl needed it, and so did Chef Page." And he got rid of that wretched toy also.     
How Damon saw this, it was a win-win-win situation with him winning the most because Keith's spirit won't linger in their bedroom anymore in the form of a small plush puppy.     
"What if it doesn't work?" Talia asked.     
"Then, you keep trying. You care about people, and your intentions are pure, and that's what counts." He looked at her deeply. "You are an amazing Luna. You make it look so easy because your kindness and care for people come naturally."     
Talia liked the praise.         
"Do you want to eat ramen?" Damon reminded her. "It's probably cold by now. We should order another serving."     
"Maybe later," Talia said. "I want us to see the games. Do you think that Blackie could get another sibling?"     
Guilt swelled within Damon. "Kitten, about Cinna. I know it was your first toy and…"     
"Cinna found a better home," Talia said quickly. "Jane needs Cinna more than I do. I thought that we could play some games and you could win a toy for our pup. His first toy."     
"HER first toy," Damon corrected Talia.     
Talia rolled her eyes. That was not the point. "What do you say, daddy Damon? Will you win the first toy for your child?"     
Damon sucked in a sharp breath. There it was, that word… d-a-d-d-y.     
"Of course," Damon responded after some time. "Our pup will have only the best her father can offer."     
Talia laughed, mostly because she could feel Damon's happiness and anxiety that didn't fit his image of a scary Alpha, but it fit well with a man who was excited about becoming a father.     
…     
Talia asked Damon to walk around first. She wanted to see what games were there (and prizes) before they started playing.     
There was mini golf, skeeball, Plinko, several varieties of ring toss, a huge Jenga, blind tasting where one had to guess the food that was placed into his (or her) mouth; one vendor had an aquarium where parents could catch a real goldfish for their kids, and there were sack races for couples.     
Talia paused at the game where helium balloons were arranged, and if a player popped a balloon with a dart, he won whatever was in it. Not every balloon had a prize inside.     
There was one enclosed area with arcades, pinball machines, foosball, and air-hockey tables.     
Talia peered to see Jane and Chef Page at the vintage space invaders arcade game. They played a game with two players, and Cinna was tucked into Jane's t-shirt with her head peeking below Jane's chin.     
"I told you, kitten," Damon spoke close to her ear. "You are an amazing Luna. Don't ever doubt yourself."     
Talia's heart swelled. She didn't know how things between Chef Page and Jane would progress or if they would progress at all, but the two sad and lonely souls were not so lonely anymore, and that was a good thing.     
Damon tugged Talia to move, and they continued exploring the fair.     
Talia didn't know what Luna Michelle planned for the kids, and she was pleasantly surprised to see kids gathered at the booths with face painting and temporary tattoos. There was also a place where kids would get balloons twisted to form various s.     
Talia was in awe at the number of people gathered. Could it be more than one thousand? Probably. And the best part, everyone was in a good mood.     
On the East side of the fair, there was an open area with swings, see-saws, and bouncy houses.     
Around the kid-friendly area were benches and tables where grownups were sitting and keeping an eye on the little ones running around who were laughing and squealing in joy.     
Talia leaned on Damon and looked at the play area dreamily.     
'In no time, our kid will play here also,' Talia spoke to Damon through the mind-link.     
Damon saw two kids wrestling next to the swings, and his expression stiffened. The idea of anyone being physical with his precious baby girl was unacceptable!         
"Talia! I knew you would come to me!"     
A childish voice sounded above the clamor, and Damon groaned. How did he forget about this little pest?     
###Chapter 880: The fair mixer (5)
Chapter 880: The fair mixer (5)
At Damon's rising hostility, Talia had to remind him, 'He is just a child.'         
She turned to greet Ashton, who was running toward her.      
Talia smiled at Ashton. He looked super-cute with whiskers drawn on his cheeks.     
"Hi, Ashton. Are you having fun?"     
Ashton grinned. "I am now." He threw a side-glance at Damon. "Thank you for watching over my Luna, uncle Damon."     
Two elderly people approached them with urgency. Those were Luna Michelle's parents.     
The old man stopped a few steps away, but the woman stood next to Ashton.     
"We are sorry that Ashton is disturbing you," Ashton's grandmother said apologetically.     
"There is nothing to be sorry about," Talia said. "Ashton is a wonderful child, and I enjoy his company."     
Ashton looked at his grandparents. "Why are you apologizing? I did nothing wrong. I came to talk to my future Luna."     
Ashton's grandmother glanced nervously at Damon. "You can't claim Luna Talia as yours, Ash. She is Alpha Damon's Luna."     
Ashton's little brows came together as he looked at Talia seriously. "I am not old-fashioned. Once I am of age, I will accept you even if you have a history with other men."     
Talia thought how he was adorable. "That is very generous of you, Ashton."     
"I told you I will not mistreat you." He pointed his little finger at Damon. "If uncle Damon bullies you, let me know, and I will talk to him."     
Damon's whole face twitched with annoyance. How dares that stinky boy talk like he was not there! He wanted to give Ashton a piece of his mind, but he knew that it would be of no use.      
Damon's hand snaked around Talia's waist as he pulled her closer.     
"Talia, let's go to the area where grownups are having fun." Damon glared at Ashton while talking stiffly, "We should leave kids where they belong. In the kid's area."     
"But, you just came here!" Ashton protested.     
Damon sneered. "You should go back to your pretend games, like other children your age."     
Ashton puffed his chest. "It is obvious that I'm more mature than other children. They might be pretending, but I picked my Luna for real."     
Talia was about to interfere in the oncoming squabble between two children when she heard Meg's voice in her mind, "Babies are coming!"     
Talia ruffled Ashton's hair. "I need to be somewhere else. Have fun here, OK?"     
Ashton grabbed her hand. "When will I see you next time?"     
"I'm not sure. I will talk to your mother. Be a good boy and listen to your grandparents."     
Ashton nodded reluctantly, and he frowned when he saw Damon's mocking grin.     
"Don't let that old guy bully you!"         
"OLD GUY!?" Damon squeezed through his teeth as anger rippled through him. The little snot crossed the line!     
Talia gripped Damon's arm while speaking through the mind-link, 'Why are you arguing with a child? We should go to the pack hospital. Yasmin is about to deliver babies any minute.'     
"You are lucky that Talia thinks your life is not worth harvesting," Damon grumbled at Ashton, and then he turned to leave with Talia under his arm.     
Aston glared at Damon, and he was about to shout something when a hand covered his mouth.     
"Ash, please," his grandmother pleaded. "We are leaving in half an hour. Don't you want to use that time to play? Or should we get more food?"     
Ashton pushed his grandmother's hand away and straightened his shirt.     
"Ice cream. I want more ice cream. The big one with rainbow sprinkles."     
His grandparents agreed immediately. Ashton already had too many sweets, but anything was better than provoking Alpha Damon.     
…     
On their way back to the car, Damon and Talia passed booths where they saw James and Cornelia bobbing for apples. At another booth, Amelia, Liam, Caleb, and Trisha were buying leather bracelets.     
In front of the stage with live music was a clearing where people danced, some in groups and some as couples. Talia spotted Tony and Kalina, Maddox and Tatiana, Dawn and George, and Pierce and Daria swaying to the music.     
Damon picked up Talia's emotions, so he pulled her toward the dance floor.     
"We should go to the hospital," Talia reminded him.     
"Babies will be born with or without us, and I want to dance with my Luna," he said.     
Talia had no ions. The truth was that she wanted to dance with him as well.     
Three songs later, Talia brought back the topic of the pack hospital, and they disappeared into the lively crowd. Damon wanted to use his aura and make people move to make way, but Talia told him that it wouldn't be nice.     
Damon and Talia paused at the booth where Keith and Arya were shooting with air guns at moving targets.     
Werewolves normally don't use weapons, so this was novel for both Keith and Arya.     
The line behind them dispersed some time ago because Keith and Arya were super-competitive, and they were lost in besting the other, totally forgetting that this was a fair, and that others wanted a turn also.     
"Are you guys having fun?" Talia asked.     
Keith and Arya froze before turning to the voice to see Talia and Damon standing behind them.     
"Yes," Keith responded with a bow, and Arya quickly lowered her gaze. "Thank you for sending a second shift so we could have fun at the fair."     
"Meg mind-linked that it's close," Talia said. "We are heading to the pack hospital."     
"Do you want us to go with you?" Keith offered.     
Talia refused. "No need. Enjoy your evening, and don't forget to eat something." She was hinting that they should leave this booth for others to try shooting with an air gun.         
At the mention of food, Damon remembered one thing. "I will order ramen to-go. We can take it for guys in the hospital also."     
Talia approved. She remembered from the Summer Solstice event that ramen was delicious, yet she didn't get a chance to eat it, yet. "Do you think we should ask Chef Page to open a ramen restaurant in Darkbourne?" Then she can eat ramen anytime.     
Damon shrugged. "You can ask him if he is interested in cooking noodles full time."     
"Ramen is much more than cooking noodles."     
"Whatever you say, kitten…"     
Keith and Arya looked after Talia and Damon, who blended with the crowd.     
"They don't look like Alpha and Luna," Arya said.     
"That's what makes them special," Keith responded proudly. "They choose to belong with their people."     
Arya poked Keith's ribs with her finger. Yes, Keith explained that his adoration for Talia was different from what he felt for Arya, and she knew it was true, but his tender feelings for another female stirred her jealousy.     
Arya was still wrapping her head around the fact that Talia saved her life and how much Talia was responsible for bringing Keith and her together. Arya was not the one to owe favors, and it seemed that she owed Talia big time.     
"Are we playing?" Keith asked Arya.     
"I feel like ramen now. How about you?"     
Keith had no ions. "Alright. Let's eat."     
Keith's hand moved around Arya's waist, pulling her toward him. "How about we start with some appetizers? There is grilled corn and chestnuts."     
"We can keep those for dessert."     
Keith licked his lips slowly. "I have something else on my mind for dessert."     
Arya's eyes widened when she realized that he was talking about her. But then… he was her cotton candy, so she could have him for dessert as well.     
"Let's hurry up with food so we can have dessert."     
Keith laughed because her words were bold, but she was blushing profusely. And he was happy.     
###Chapter 881: Babies! (E&V) (1)
Chapter 881: Babies! (E&V) (1)
Damon and Talia reached the pack hospital to see that Meg, Kai, Sandy, and Tyler were standing in the hallway on the second floor.         
"What's the status?" Talia asked.     
Meg smiled and gestured toward a nearby door that was closed. "I was just about to mind-link you. Babies were born a few minutes ago. A boy and a girl. Nurses are cleaning them up, and they said we could visit them in a bit. Axel is there with Yasmin."     
Talia's heart was beating like a war drum. Babies! A boy and a girl! They were right there, behind that door.     
"What is that?" Tyler asked while peering behind Talia at Damon, who had his hands full of plastic bags. He wouldn't ask, but he picked up a delicious smell that stirred his appetite.      
Talia responded, "We got ramen for everyone."     
Kai and Tyler relieved Damon from his delicious load. Other than sealed bowls with ramen, there were plastic spoons, chopsticks, and napkins. The six people sat on the floor to eat while waiting for Doctor Travis and the nurses to finish their work.     
"Do you think we can see the babies tonight?" Talia asked before opening her mouth to accept the food that Damon was offering.     
"Why not?" Meg responded with a mouthful before Kai stuffed more food in there.     
"I don't know. What if the new family needs time to bond?"     
Meg waved like it was not a big deal.     
Sandy gestured for Tyler to pause feeding her so she could say, "They can bond at home. Now that we are here, how can we not see the babies? Besides, we will be the ones escorting them safely back home…"     
Talia wondered how long Yasmin and Axel would stay here. What if they decide to leave tomorrow? Talia read that even humans stay only twenty-four hours in the hospital (sometimes less) if the delivery didn't have complications.     
Talia realized that she didn't have proper presents. She turned to Damon. "Can we go shopping in the morning? I would like to get something for the babies." With Axel being the only child, Talia was the closest relative (other than grandparents).     
"Sure." Damon agreed immediately and resumed feeding Talia. He was glad to feel her excitement and happiness.     
Talia's previous guilt and anxiety were gone now. Damon knew that Talia blamed herself not only for Lulu's death but for Marcy's as well. If they didn't send Marcy to that shelter, she would probably be alive now. Talia also believed that if she were not Damon's mate, Marcy wouldn't be ousted like that, and Lulu wouldn't become her guard.     
In more ways than one, Talia saw herself as a catalyst for those two deaths. Damon wished for Talia to see all the good her presence brought to everyone. She needed to accept that there was no way to predict how events will unfold.     
Luckily, this news about babies was a good distraction. Damon hoped that nothing bad will happen because he wanted his kitten to be happy.     
The door of the hospital room opened, and a nurse came out while pushing a big cart with soiled towels and blankets on it.     
Doctor Travis was right behind her, and he bowed while informing them that the babies and mother were doing well, and they could go and see them, but not to make a fuss. The last comment was mostly for Meg who was bouncing on her heels from excitement.     
Talia was first to peek inside.     
Yasmin was on the hospital bed with two babies on her chest. Axel was standing next to the bed and caressing Yasmin's head while looking at Yasmin and the two babies with a gaze full of gentle love.     
Infants were tiny, with only diapers and small white hospital hats on; they were on their bellies, each covering one of Yasmin's bare breasts, reminding Talia of little pink frogs. Yasmin's bottom half was under a blanket.     
"Are you accepting visitors?" Talia asked.     
Yasmin gave her a tired smile. "Come in."     
Damon was right behind Talia, pushing a plastic bag into Axel's hands.         
"We got you some ramen," Talia explained, and Axel kept the bag on the side table.     
Meg, Kai, Sandy, and Tyler also entered the room, and they made a circle around the bed to stare at the babies who were lying on Yasmin without moving. The infants were sleeping.     
"How are you doing?" Sandy asked the first question.     
"Happy," Yasmin responded. "Glad that it's over and things went well."     
"Did you decide on names?" Meg asked.     
Yasmin glanced at Axel, silently telling him to take over.     
Axel cleared his throat. "The boy's name is Edgar. He is seven minutes younger than his sister, Valeria."     
"Oh, what wonderful names!" Meg squealed, and Sandy bobbed her head.     
Talia's eyes widened when she realized that Edgar was the name of Yasmin's father and Valeria… "Is that for my father?"     
Axel confirmed. "Valerian Moonrider was an impressive individual. His grandniece will wear his name with pride."     
Talia's chin trembled, and she was glad that Damon was holding her.     
"Thank you," Talia said under her breath. This was another gesture from Axel and Yasmin to confirm that they stand with Talia and don't approve of how she was treated before.      
Talia couldn't imagine how Sophia and Isaac would react when they hear about the girl's name. Would they be angry? Or feel guilty? Talia shook those thoughts away. It was not her problem.     
"They are quiet," Tyler said. "Aren't babies supposed to make noise and poop everywhere?"     
Sandy nudged him with her elbow. "They are sleeping. Besides, newborns only eat and sleep for the first week or two. After that, the fun times start."     
Meg nodded knowingly and spoke to Yasmin and Axel, "Sandy is right. You should pick a few healers from now to help you with little ones. They can watch over them for a few hours every day so you can rest properly."     
Yasmin cocked an eyebrow. "Why do I need healers when aunt Meg and aunt Sandy are right there?"     
Sandy was happy to hear that. It made her feel like they were part of a family. She glanced at Meg's belly, which was showing. "Meg's pup will join little ones. When will I get my heat?"     
"In five days," Talia blurted out, and Sandy and Tyler stared at her.     
"What?" Sandy squeaked, and Tyler swayed like his legs would give in.     
Meg waved her hand to get Sandy's attention. "Didn't you know that our Alpha has the ability to predict heat?"     
Talia laughed at Sandy's comical expression. She couldn't explain that it was Liseli who knew these things, so she focused on Yasmin. "What does the doctor say? How long do you need to stay in the hospital? Should we prepare a guest bedroom in the packhouse? That will be more comfortable than here." And more secure as here they had hospital staff and other patients nearby.     
"He said that because it's twins, we should stay an extra day…" Yasmin's voice trailed when the baby girl started moving. It was not a big movement, but she was on Yasmin's left breast, so Yasmin felt it.     
Valeria opened her mouth, and they all huddled closer to observe the cutest yawn in the world that came with a small twitch of the baby's right leg.      
"Aww…" Meg, Sandy, and Talia said in unison.         
###Chapter 882: Babies! (E&V) (2)
Chapter 882: Babies! (E&V) (2)
Yasmin looked at Talia. "Do you want to hold her?"         
Talia was alerted. "Me?"     
"You are Valeria's aunt," Yasmin reminded Talia.     
Talia glanced at Damon, who smiled at her.     
"Go ahead," Damon said.     
He was standing on the side and imagining how a few months into the future, Talia will be in a bed like that with their pup. It was the best mental image ever.     
Talia rubbed her hands before gently taking the infant into her hands. Valeria had only a diaper and a hat; a helpless and fragile little creature.     
"Make sure to support her neck," Axel said from the other side of the bed.     
Talia knew what to do. From the moment she found out that Yasmin was pregnant, Talia watched videos about pregnancy, delivery, and infants, so that she could be the best aunt ever. And here she was, holding her niece. Valeria.     
Talia was emotional. The little bun was so light, and Talia was sure her plush toy, Blackie weighed about the same.     
"Look how cute she is," Talia said to Damon, who was nodding in agreement.      
'Our daughter will be cuter,' Damon said through the mind link for Talia to hear, and she couldn't believe that he treated this as a competition.     
Valeria's tiny tongue was darting out, giving cues that she was hungry, but Talia wanted to hold her just a few more seconds.     
Valeria's eyes sprang open to show silver-colored irises glowing in pulses. Before anyone could react, a mass of silvery light exploded from the infant in all directions, passing silently through people and things like they were not there and disappearing into the forest that stretched around the pack hospital.     
'A great way to announce to the world you are here!' Liseli said in Talia's head sarcastically.     
Talia swallowed a mouthful of air. This was unexpected.     
Talia glanced at Damon to see that his eyes were out of focus. Her Alpha was ensuring that security was tight.     
Talia was unsure if the explosion of light happened because she was holding the baby, but she recognized the energies clearly.     
"Valeria has the power of a Guardian," Talia said, and then she looked at Edgar, who was sleeping peacefully on Yasmin. "Edgar has it also, but Valeria's is stronger."     
"What are you saying?" Yasmin asked under her breath.     
Everyone stared at Talia, and she realized that not many people knew about Talia's guess related to Yasmin's father. That was not a guess anymore, and this was not the time for secrets.     
"Yasmin, I believe your father was a Guardian, like my mother. That explains why your energy is different and is resonating with mine. Everyone here knows that the Guardians are dying because their females can't bear children, and they are looking for powerful females to…" Talia couldn't say the next words, but everyone understood where this was going.     
Yasmin didn't doubt Talia's words. From a young age, Yasmin was aware that her energies were different. Evanora would say how that was because Yasmin was a hybrid and because she was talented, and Yasmin believed her. But now that Talia disclosed how both of them have the Guardian bloodline, it all fell into place to complete the puzzle.     
Scary stories about Guardians and Vincent's interrogation resurfaced in Yasmin's mind, and she waved at Talia to give Valeria back. She needed to feel her children skin-to-skin, to assure herself that they were all there, together.     
Even if Yasmin's father was not a Guardian, if Guardians believed he was, Yasmin and her children will be in danger!     
Damon squeezed Talia's shoulder before talking to Axel and Yasmin. "We don't want Guardians to find out about Edgar and Valeria. Considering what happened, we should take you to the Midnight Guardians pack as soon as possible."         
Yasmin hugged her babies. "What's the point of going to the Midnight Guardians pack? Don't Guardians know where the portal is?" No place felt safe except next to Talia.     
"They know," Talia admitted. "But they don't know what you are, and considering I am here, even if they have spies, they will think that this energy blast came from me. Just in case, you might consider staying in the Coven for some time. Evanora won't allow anyone to get close to you or her grandchildren."     
"Are you saying that the Guardians know you are one of them?" Axel asked.     
Talia confirmed. "It happened at the Blue River pack. A Guardian approached me, and he did something that wouldn't affect me if I'm not one of them, but it did, so…" Talia's voice trailed. She didn't want to mention how that caused her heat. "The Guardians know about me. There is no need for them to find out about Yasmin or your children."     
Seeing that there were no other ions, Talia turned to Damon. "Call Liam and Amelia. They need to transport Yasmin and newborns as soon as possible."     
Yasmin didn't like this. Why do they need to hide?     
Why did Guardians act like they own everything?     
Yasmin was determined to go to the Coven and demand answers from her mother. Everyone assumed that Yasmin's father was a werewolf, and Yasmin believed it. But now that Yasmin thought about it, Evanora didn't talk about Edgar until Talia brought up the topic of portals and his disappearance. Did Evanora know that Edgar was a Guardian? Yasmin had so many questions!     
People moved quickly.     
Amelia drew the transportation diagram on the floor of the hospital room, and Axel was talking to Doctor Travis about postnatal care for Yasmin and the babies.     
Travis didn't approve of Yasmin leaving so soon, but he understood there was some emergency.     
Talia remembered one thing to advise Yasmin. "Talk to Cassandra about ancient relics. We found that at least a few of them are suppressing our powers. You should keep those close to children until they learn to master their abilities and you are confident they won't use them rashly."     
Yasmin frowned. "You want me to suppress their powers?"     
"Yes. It was a common practice among Guardians." Talia knew this because of the knowledge transferred from her mother's necklace. "What if one of them can teleport? Where will you find them? Or what if they can start a fire? They  might think it's a game, but it will be easy for them to get in trouble or to be tricked by someone."     
Yasmin realized that Talia was right. Members of the Midnight Guardians pack had abilities, but those awakened after they mate, after their eighteenth birthday. Even witches couldn't do much with energies until they were twelve years old.     
Edgar and Valeria were special, and Yasmin was clueless about the Guardians.     
"I want you to come and visit as soon as possible," Yasmin demanded from Talia. "I need to know about Guardians and how to raise my children."     
Talia smiled at the silly witch. "Just follow your instincts, Yasmin. You are a wonderful mother. But yes, I will come as soon as I can."     
"The diagram is ready," Amelia announced.     
"Should we send some security through first?" Axel asked.     
"No need," Liam responded. "We already sent more than a dozen batches of people. Even if someone is watching, they won't think of this group as different."     
Talia agreed with Liam. "Do it how you would normally send people. Anything other than that will attract attention." She pulled a baseball hat and tucked her hair into it. "Besides, I'm going with you."     
Damon frowned at the cap. "Where did you get that?" And did she say she was going?     
###Chapter 883: Trip to the portal
Chapter 883: Trip to the portal
"I asked nurses if they had something for me to cover up, and they gave me this cap," Talia said to Damon. "Look. If I pull it low, no one can tell it's me."         
Seeing Damon's frown deepening, Talia quickly added, "I got one for you also. Normally, a couple of warriors would go with newly mated couples to escort them to the portal, but now we can take their place."     
Damon was glad that Talia didn't think of leaving him behind. Yes, it wouldn't take long, but every second without Talia stretched into eternity.     
If it were up to Damon, Talia would be waiting in the packhouse, but he knew that was not an option, so he agreed that both of them would go.     
Damon mind-linked Pierce and Daria to come. They will serve as an escort all the way to the Midnight Guardians pack. As a bonus, Daria can see Varya and spend time with her sister. A few days there are only a few hours in the human realm, so Pierce and Daria can treat it like a vacation.     
The Midnight Guardians pack had several witches mated to their members, so bringing back Pierce and Daria whenever they want to return, won't be a problem.      
Damon also instructed Pierce to assess Grady's and Varya's attitudes. Damon was uneasy with Grady's background as a rogue and how Varya didn't think it was a big deal. Damon was unsure if they would take it as far as collaborating with whoever gives them more benefits (that's how rogues operate), but one can't be too careful. If Sophia and Isaac didn't notice Guardians getting in and out of their territory, Damon doubted Axel's ability to handle similar situations. If Axel failed, that would harm Talia, and Damon didn't want to allow it.     
"Liam," Damon called solemnly. "We will rely on you to report if anything is out of the ordinary when we reach there."     
"Yes, Alpha," Liam responded right away.     
"Don't use your aura," Talia reminded Damon. "We don't want to expose ourselves unless necessary."     
Talia looked at two babies that were being swaddled by a nurse for Yasmin and Axel to see.     
"What if Guardians are there and they can sense presences?" Talia asked Damon. "No matter how much we conceal things from sight, two tiny lifeforms will attract attention." And there was a chance of Valeria causing a light spectacle again.     
"I have an idea," Sandy said from the side. "The energy disturbances around the portal are preventing anyone from using long-range abilities, however, short-range abilities work to a certain degree. I can identify the presence of a wolf that manifests as a spirit. Lately, I have been practicing on expanding mine, like a blanket. Let me show what I mean on Tyler."     
"You can expand your spirit?" Talia asked, genuinely curious.     
Sandy confirmed. "It's not perfect, but I'm working on it. However, we don't need perfection now. The energies are messed up, and I can help scramble that further. It should be enough to cover up the presence of those two nuggets."     
Damon waved at Sandy to go ahead.     
Talia focused on Sandy, and she could sense that Sandy's presence expanded to cover up Tyler completely. The shape was odd because it was obvious that it was either two people or a monster, but with two babies cradled closely, Sandy might pull it off.     
"What do you think?" Talia asked Damon, knowing that he was paying attention as well.     
"Looks promising," Damon said. It depended on what kind of sensing Guardians had, but this was better than nothing.     
Their first priority was to get Axel and Yasmin with babies through the portal without anyone noticing that the babies were there.     
Damon asked Doctor Travis and the nurses to keep it a secret that Yasmin gave birth, and they immediately agreed, but Damon knew it was only a matter of time until the information leaked. Friends, coworkers, family, strangers… someone will talk.     
…     
The forest was silent when several figures appeared out of thin air.     
Amelia, Liam, Meg, and Kai led the way, with Sandy, Tyler, Pierce, and Daria behind them. Axel and Yasmin were right there with Talia and Damon at the back.     
Sandy was wearing a baggy trench coat that covered Valeria and Edgar, who were secured by baby carriers to Sandy's body.     
Talia held Damon's hand and looked around.         
'Do you sense something?' Damon asked Talia through the mind-link.     
'No,' she responded.     
They were in the natural maze that surrounded the portal, and even the keenest senses would be messed up, but Talia couldn't shake off the feeling that someone was watching them. Was she just paranoid, or were her instincts telling her to run?     
Talia put her hand over her belly, and she snuggled closer to Damon. Her shoulder fit under his armpit as his arm supported her upper back. She loved his grip on her shoulder. It was solid, and it gave her confidence that he was there to protect her.     
The ten minute-long walk seemed like forever, and they would stop and turn at the slightest sound. By the time they reached the portal, everyone was breathing rapidly.     
Talia was glad that for the last two-three minutes the feeling of being watched was gone. But again, maybe it was not gone, but only her senses were impacted by energy disturbances.     
After a short round of goodbyes, eight figures passed through the portal, leaving Amelia, Liam, Talia, and Damon behind.     
They waited at the portal until Talia got a text message from Axel that they had reached the main house in the Midnight Guardians pack.     
Talia looked at the portal that was projected right in front of a massive tree. The faint ripples in the air were barely noticeable with a naked eye, and unless someone was aiming to walk into a tree, they wouldn't step through it accidentally. But Talia knew that applied only to humans. Many creatures could sense something there, and some could see the energies twirling.      
Leaving this here unguarded was unsettling, but putting guards would also bring attention.     
Talia wished to scoop everyone dear to her and bring them through the portal. And then she would close the portal, and all the bad things would be on the other side.     
Talia was aware that was just wishful thinking. If she did that, many good people would be left behind. Did she have the capacity to worry about others? Talia was not sure, but she knew that leaving them with Guardians to fend for themselves would plague her for the rest of her life. Maybe that was not her problem, but she had the bloodline of a Guardian, and she felt it was her responsibility to stop them from harming others.     
Should she just ruin this portal? Maybe Axel and others will hate her for it, but at least they will be safe.     
Talia shook those thoughts away. If she did that, she wouldn't be better than Sophia and Isaac, who opted to isolate their people in the name of keeping them safe. It wouldn't be fair to do so without giving them a choice, and Talia knew that they would pick to fight compared to staying imprisoned. Too many people were still unmated, waiting for their turns to find their other half, confident that their Alpha Natalia would make it happen.     
###Chapter 884: Cassie's information (1)
Chapter 884: Cassie's information (1)
Later that evening…         
Talia plopped on the bed and stared at the ceiling while thinking about the events from the last few hours.     
She was Damon's Luna now, and she could feel the Dark Howlers pack.     
The fair mixer was a big success, with almost one hundred new mates reported across various packs. Talia was looking forward to finding out the final numbers tomorrow.     
Yasmin had her babies, and their family of four reached the Midnight Guardians pack safely.      
Overall, it was a successful evening, so why was she feeling uneasy?     
"What are you thinking?" Damon asked while sliding on the bed next to Talia.     
So many things. "I am thinking that we should speed up dealing with the Guardians. Yasmin doesn't deserve a future where she needs to hide with her children." And it was not just hiding; it was about a lifetime of living in fear of being kidnapped, used, brainwashed, enslaved, and many other horrible things.     
Talia put her hand over her belly. "Maybe Yasmin will be fine staying in the Coven or the Midnight Guardians pack, but what about me? Should I disappear and pretend that the world doesn't exist? What will Guardians do when they find out about our baby? What if they…"     
"Shh…" Damon shushed Talia while pulling her into his embrace. He loved how she nuzzled his chest with her nose before turning her head to rest her head there. He knew that she was listening to his heartbeat.     
"We will figure it out, kitten. Don't allow the anxiety of an uncertain future to spoil what we have now. Feel the pack. They are happy to have you as their Luna, and the fair was fantastic. Remember all the smiling faces you've seen tonight. Remember the feeling of Valeria in your hands. That was new life, thanks to you."     
"Thanks to me?"     
"Mhm," Damon confirmed with a hum. "If you didn't open the portal to the realm of witches, Axel and Yasmin wouldn't meet, and they wouldn't have the twins. Thanks to the event you organized, so many mates found each other tonight. You are like a blessing that spreads to everyone around you. Even Chef Page was into the arcade with Jane by his side. So many good things happened. Let that positivity seep into you and silence your worries." At least for tonight.     
Talia wished that it was that easy.     
"Help me, Damon," Talia pleaded. "Help me forget about all the bad things."     
Damon was about to ask how, but then her lips found her mark on his neck, and a barely audible 'Ah' escaped his lips as the pressure in his groin increased.     
That night, Damon and Talia made love slowly, unhurriedly.     
Damon's every touch, kiss, and heated gaze told Talia how much he worshiped her as he caressed her ears with his sweet whispers.     
Talia allowed herself to get lost in the love Damon was giving her, hoping he could feel that she loved him back with equal devotion.     
…     
Next evening…     
Damon and Talia entered the study to see that Cassie was there.     
Amelia, Liam, Keith, and Arya stood around Cassie who was sitting on a chair.     
"Can you tell your guards that I'm not an enemy?" Cassie said to Damon.     
"We will see if you are an enemy," Damon responded to Cassie and looked at Keith. "Thank you for bringing her here. Did you have any issues?"     
Damon got the report through the mind-link, but he wanted Cassie to hear that this was official business and that they were being cautious.         
"She is clean of trackers, and we were not followed. Her cell phone and tablet are powered off, and we brought them in a Faraday bag. The tech team is looking into those. Other than her attitude, things went smoothly," Keith responded.     
Keith was leading the team in extracting Cassie from the Steelbite pack. Normally, high-ranking soldiers would be involved in that type of mission, but because they were using teleportation to move, and Amelia's identity as a witch was not widely known, Damon and Talia decided to send a few people who already knew what Amelia could do.     
In order for Cassie to not find out about witches, they knocked her out at the point of pickup, and they woke her up only after reaching the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack. She had no idea how long she had been unconscious or how she got there.     
Cassie didn't know they would knock her out, and she threw a fit after waking up, hence Keith's comment.     
Cassie pressed her lips into a line while looking at Damon, who leisurely sat on his extra-wide executive chair, and he spread his arms, silently inviting Talia to sit on his lap. Only after Talia sat there and his arms closed around her did Damon look at Liam and Amelia.     
"Cornelia should be here with James soon. Make sure to tell them where we are. After that, you are dismissed for the day."     
Liam and Amelia acknowledged Damon's instructions and left the study.     
"The two of you can wait in the hallway," Damon instructed Keith and Arya.     
With four people gone, Cassie got more comfortable in her chair.     
Seeing that Damon didn't talk, she did. "Won't you ask me anything?"     
"In a minute," Damon responded.     
"Are we waiting for something?"     
"Someone," Damon corrected her.     
Cassie was not sure what to expect. Damon rested his chin on Talia's shoulder, and his eyes closed as Talia leaned on him. Damon and Talia looked like they were relaxing.     
After a brief knock, the door opened for Liam to peek in.     
"They are here," Liam said and pushed the door open for Cornelia and James to enter.     
"James Redmayne?" Cassie was unable to conceal her surprise. She turned to Damon. "Are you selling me out?"     
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "James is here because I called for his presence. As for me selling you out, it will depend on what you have to say."     
Cassie was not happy about it. "I agreed to talk to you. I have information, and in return, you will give me a ticket out."     
Cassie didn't like all these additional people. Cassie and Talia were not getting along well, and Cassie had no idea who Cornelia was. But James was the young Alpha of the Red Moon pack, and Damon knew that Alpha Richard and Alpha Edward were collaborating. Why did he bring James here?     
Damon was losing his patience. "Listen, Cassie. I brought you here, and I can easily send you back."     
Cassie's eyes widened. "You wouldn't do that."     
"Don't test my patience, Cassie. I can tell Alpha Richard that you came to me with information about him, but I didn't believe you, and I decided to let him handle the situation because I didn't want to dirty my hands. Do you want a way out? I need to hear what you will give me in return."     
"That's not what we agreed. You send me first..."     
Damon raised his hand, making Cassie stop talking. "We didn't agree on anything beyond me listening to what you have to say. Well, I am here, listening."         
Seeing Cassie's stubborn expression, Talia put her hand over Damon's, indicating that she will take over. Cassie obviously thought that she had some leverage over Damon, and Talia didn't like it.     
###Chapter 885: Cassie's information (2)
Chapter 885: Cassie's information (2)
'Let me get into her head,' Liseli said eagerly to Talia.         
Talia wanted to find out what Cassie knew, but the image of Vincent's confusion and diminished mental capacity was something Talia wouldn't wish on anyone. Not even Cassie.     
'Let's leave that in case of an emergency,' Talia responded.     
'This looks like an emergency to me.'     
'Lis, you are not helping.'     
'I want to help, but you are not letting me.'     
Talia couldn't believe how casual Liseli was about this. And it was more than casual. Liseli was thirsty for blood, willing to crush Cassie like a bug. Pregnancy hormones were messing up with Talia's mood, affecting Liseli as well.     
'Let's calm down first,' Talia said. 'We should use minimal force to get her to talk. We can always resort to violence later.'     
Liseli snorted, and Talia felt that the old wolf yielded. For now.     
Cassie groaned when Talia's aura pressed on her, making it difficult to breathe.     
Cassie looked at Damon, thinking it was him, but then she saw Talia smirking, and Cassie realized who the source was.     
Cassie panicked. How could Talia exert so much pressure without even trying? Was it because of Damon's mark?     
"What are you doing?" Cassie asked with a strain in her voice.     
"Getting your attention," Talia responded before retracting her aura. "Now listen and listen well because I will say this only once. Here is how this will work. You will give us the information you promised. If we don't believe you, we will send you back. If your words are believable and useful, you will stay in a safe house until we confirm if what you said was the truth. If it turns out to be rubbish, we will send you back to your father. So if you want your ticket out, you better start talking, and it better not be nonsense."     
Damon's hold on Talia tightened. She was bossy, and it turned him on.     
Cassie could see that Damon was looking at Talia with sparkles in his eyes and her insides tightened from the jealousy that swelled within her. She knew that Damon was taken. She couldn't believe how he had changed from a cool and aloof guy into a doting mate. If the Moon Goddess paired up Cassie and Damon, wouldn't Cassie enjoy this special treatment?     
Cassie remembered Talia as a weak and submissive Omega who was sneaking into the kitchen and not fighting back after getting slapped. Did Talia change so much because of Damon's support?     
How much would Cassie's life change if Damon picked her over Talia?     
Liseli growled in Talia's head. 'How dares she look at mate like that!?'     
Talia agreed. Cassie was gazing at Damon with the longing that was pushing Talia's buttons.     
'SNAP-SNAP!'     
Talia snapped her fingers to make Cassie look at her.     
"If you keep looking at my Damon like that, I won't care about what information you have. I will rather face ten calamities than allow any woman to get close to my mate. So you better start talking before my patience runs out."     
Damon swallowed hard. He really wanted to tell Cassie to scram so that he could have his way with Talia right there, on his desk (it wouldn't be the first time). The idea of such a powerful female claiming him as his and then giving herself to him was the biggest turn-on ever.     
"Do you plan to let her go free after this?" James asked from the side.     
Damon frowned at James. "I assume there is a reason you asked that."         
James looked at Cassie, and his smirk made Cassie's hairs stand on ends.     
"We have ways to make her talk," James said. "Instead of wondering if she was sent here by someone, or if she is lying, or if she is concealing something, we might just force her to tell the truth, to tell us everything, and then we can dump her body. No one will find her." James turned to Cornelia. "I know my Cora would love a werewolf specimen for her experiments."     
Cornelia looked at James dreamily. "You know me well."     
Cassie was sure that her heart would come out of her chest. Will she pass out now?     
She was almost confident that Damon wouldn't harm her. Not seriously, at least. And she believed that Talia wouldn't go to the extremes, but James was a different story. He was Alpha Edward's son, and everyone knew they were ruthless.     
"Wait! Wait!" Cassie spoke breathily. "I came here to cooperate. I have information that will be useful to you. It can save lives!"     
Talia rolled her eyes. "Should we believe you are here to save the world?"     
Cassie regretted her idea of coming here. "You can't kill me!"     
"I have no intention of killing you," Talia said. "But I will send you to give company to Miss Jade. If you don't want to experience hard work in the name of charity for the world to see, I suggest you start talking. Or are you thinking that delaying is working in your favor?"     
Cassie gritted her teeth. What were her options?     
Disagreeing would probably mean going to a dungeon, or maybe they put her to do dirty jobs like Jade. Everyone knew that Jade was forced to work in the Dark Howlers pack; no one bought the story of how a fashion supermodel would ruin her image for charity.     
"As I mentioned, my father is collaborating with a few other Alphas to attack the Dark Howlers pack. Someone is organizing them, and rogues are involved as well." Cassie lifted her chin. "I'm sure you confirmed that after what happened at the Spring Leaf pack."     
"Rogues were there, but we didn't see a single warrior associated with a pack," Damon said.     
Cassie shook her head. "You wouldn't notice them. Warriors were observing from a distance. Rogues were used to see how close they can get and to figure out the best strategy to divide your forces so they can capture their target." Cassie frowned when she saw Damon's skeptical expression. "You don't believe me? Didn't you notice that rogues are switching from infiltration and scouting to attacking?"     
'She is right,' Talia spoke to Damon through their mind link. 'Rogues are escalating. At the Blue River pack, they would retreat and avoid fighting unless cornered, yet at the Spring Leaf pack, they were attacking.'     
Damon agreed. Cassie's words were not wrong, but that didn't mean he could trust her. Actually, the more Cassie made sense, the less Damon trusted her. Cassie was not meddling in politics or warfare. It sounded like someone coached her on what to say.     
"Who is pulling the strings?" Damon asked.     
Cassie shook her head. "I don't know. I'm not sure that even my father knows."     
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Cassie. "Are you expecting me to believe that Alpha Richard will follow instructions of someone without knowing who that is or their goal?"     
Alpha Richard was shrewd and prideful, but those were exactly the reasons why he wouldn't allow anyone to push him too far. It was one thing to accept paying a tribute but working with rogues meant turning his back away from everything packs stand for. Even his own pack would reject him as their Alpha if this were spread. They would label him as a traitor or mentally unstable. Rogues have no loyalty, and their wolves are feral; no one would follow an Alpha that went rogue.     
###Chapter 886: Cassie's information (3)
Chapter 886: Cassie's information (3)
"It's not just my father," Cassie said. "There are other Alphas also."         
"Who else is involved?" Damon asked stiffly.     
Cassie glanced nervously at James. "Alpha Edward from the Red Moon pack."     
Damon already knew about Alpha Edward and Alpha Richard. Those two were allies for a long time, and they were openly against Damon since he took over as Alpha. Damon wanted to know about others.     
"Who else is involved?"     
Cassie shrugged. "In the last few weeks, my father also talked to Alpha William and Alpha Patrick, but I'm not sure how much they are involved."     
"Is Alpha Adam part of this plan? What about Alpha Peter?" Damon started listing names, and Cassie shook her head.     
"If they are involved, I'm not aware of it."     
"If you don't know about others, how can you be sure that my father is involved?" James asked from the side. It's not that he didn't believe her, but he wanted proof.     
James saw this as an opportunity for Damon to get more allies. If there was evidence of Alpha Richard and Alpha Edward working with rogues, Damon could use that to sway neutral packs to join him. Alphas would follow power and benefits either for personal gain or as an excuse for how it benefits their pack. However, working with rogues only brought misfortune. No one would associate with rogues unless they are ready to give up on their pack.     
James was confident that Damon could use this information to unite packs and maybe even get rid of Alpha Edward for good.     
"I took photos of documents my father kept in his drawer," Cassie said. "The photos are in my phone."     
"We need more than photos, Miss Cassie," James said condescendingly. "How do we know that those photos were not manipulated? How do we know that Alpha Richard didn't send you here as a spy?" That was another burning question.     
"I wouldn't do that." Cassie turned to Damon. "You know me. I say a lot of things, but I don't lie."     
"Is this the time for you to worry about Alpha Damon's opinion of you?" James asked. He leaned toward Cassie. "My presence here should tell you that Alpha Damon values what I have to say, and unfortunately for you, I don't believe you. You will either prove that your information is solid, or I will kill you right here."     
Cassie glanced nervously at Damon.     
"He won't save you, Miss Cassie," James said. "This is about my safety and the safety of my mate."     
Cassie paled. "Your mate?" Since when did young Alpha James have a mate? Isn't he underage? But there was a female right next to James, and they were sitting close and holding hands, and she was marked! No werewolf would act so familiar with a mated female that belonged to someone else.     
"Why did you tell me that?" Cassie squeaked.     
James sneered. "To show you how serious I am. If I suspect you are backstabbing us, I will kill you. I will do anything in my power to keep my mate safe."     
Cassie thought that the air was getting thinner in the room. What the heck? No matter how much she proved herself, she was a liability, and James will kill her. Even if that doesn't happen, they won't let her leave, not with so many secrets.     
Cassie's only hope to get out of this alive was Damon.     
"I'm telling the truth. You can see photos and… there is more."     
Damon gestured to Cassie to keep talking.     
"If you give me a map, I can point where rogues are."     
This got Damon's attention. "You can?" They were trying to locate rogues for a while. If Cassie's information was valid, it would be a breakthrough… or a trap.         
Cassie nodded fervently, happy that Damon finally showed some interest in what she had to say. "I also know they are planning to make their move at young Alpha James' birthday party."     
"What are they planning to do?" Damon asked.     
"I'm not sure," Cassie said in a small voice, and she panicked when James moved. "I only know that they will be there, and my father got instructions not to react when the attack happens and to ensure that Alpha Natalia is not harmed."     
"People behind rogue attacks are after Alpha Natalia?" Talia asked. Weren't they after Luna Talia? Sure, it was the same person, but not many knew that.     
Seeing that Cassie's confidence was returning, Talia's mood fluctuated.     
Liseli amplified Talia's hostility, and with the pregnancy hormones affecting her, Talia was on the verge of snapping.     
"My father got…"     
Cassie's voice trailed when Talia pushed herself to stand.     
Talia pressed her palms on the surface of Damon's desk as her eyes narrowed on Cassie.     
"No more games, Cassie," Talia's voice was low with a slight echo as she issued an Alpha command that can't be refused. "The truth. All of it. Why is your father part of this? Money? Territory? Women?"     
Cassie was sweating like she was in a sauna, but the air around her was cold, and she struggled to talk, "Power."     
"What kind of power?" Talia asked.     
"Life. Abilities."     
"Explain!"     
"My father believes that the people behind it all can grant him longer life, youth, and abilities."     
Talia would be confident that Cassie was lying if not for the Alpha command. But she was not sure if she heard it right. "What?"     
"My father is getting into an age where he is not a young man anymore. He wants another lease on life."     
"How?" It was Damon who asked.     
"Organ transplant."     
"What?" This was James.     
Cassie turned to look at James. "They speak of creatures with powers, like humans, but not exactly. They call them witches. Alpha Edward is an expert in that area. They say that if they transplant organs from witches, there is a chance that the recipient will be rejuvenated and get mysterious abilities. Humans died during experiments, but with werewolf healing, the surgeries have a high chance of success."     
Cornelia was looking at James anxiously. "What does that mean?"     
Cassie rolled her eyes. "Don't you know what an organ transplant is? They take heart or a liver or a…"     
"Enough!" Damon roared. His eyes lost focus for a moment, and Keith and Arya stepped into the study.     
"Take her into the dungeon," Damon instructed.         
"What!?" Cassie shrieked. "I cooperated!"     
"You wouldn't cooperate if I didn't make you," Talia said.     
"I would!" Cassie exclaimed while looking anxiously at Keith and Arya, who were approaching her now. "I was just keeping that information for last."     
Damon waved his hand, indicating to Keith and Arya to go ahead. "Make sure she is isolated, and no one is allowed to talk to her. Only warriors with the highest security clearance are allowed to bring her food."     
Cassie struggled and shouted, and then…     
'PAK!'     
Keith karate-chopped her neck, and Cassie passed out.     
With Cassie gone, the study descended into a tense silence.     
"You didn't ask her if she came here as a spy," James was the first one to speak.     
"It wouldn't matter," Damon responded. "We will soon get reports on the data in her phone and tablet. Cassie came here because she was hoping we would help her escape from Alpha Richard, or she came to set us up on his orders. In either case, Cassie only worries about her interests." But more importantly… "Does anyone believe the organ transplant story?"     
###Chapter 887: Preparations for whatever is coming [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 887: Preparations for whatever is coming [Bonus chapter]
"Kitten?"         
Damon's voice reached Talia, and she realized that she was back on Damon's lap and he was cradling her in his arms protectively.     
"Do you think…" Talia inhaled forcibly. "Do you think that missing people from my pack were used for experiments?"     
Damon puffed his cheeks. He didn't know how to answer this.     
Over the years, some people from the Midnight Guardians pack would get desperate to find their mate, and they escaped through the portal into the human realm. None of them returned.     
Talia got information from Vincent that the Guardians were aware of the portal's location, and they were watching it. If Guardians did that, there was a chance that someone else was watching the portal as well. Even if they didn't know the exact location, only by knowing the proximity, they could set up traps.     
People from the Midnight Guardians pack spent a lot of time isolated, unaware of what waited for them on the other side. They could easily be tricked, captured, and used for who-knows-what.     
"There is no way for us to know that," Damon said. "Let's stick to the facts."     
Talia didn't like this. "What facts? The ones that Guardians know about my pack members having abilities? Or the fact that they know where the portal is? Or how about the one where Marcy called me a witch, and now Cassie spoke about witches also?"     
Damon tightened his hold on Talia and started rocking in the chair like he was trying to pacify a child. Her anxiety was washing over him, and he was nervous as well.     
"I don't think the Guardians would be interested in harvesting organs," James said. "They consider themselves as above others. If they want to deal with their problem in a modern way, they will capture powerful females and perform artificial insemination or clone themselves."     
"If Guardians are not behind this, who could it be?" Damon asked.     
"I didn't say they are not involved in this," James said. "They wouldn't participate in organ transplants, but they might use it as bait for others. I know that my father has an inferiority complex. He can't accept the fact that he is not the strongest Alpha and that his pack is not the largest or the strongest. If there is an option for him to power up, he will take it."     
Damon nodded in agreement, but he had to ask, "Did this come from what Cassie said?"     
"No. After Marcy identified Talia as a witch, I found something. My grandfather was collecting data on people with abilities. The last record was about at the time when my grandfather died." James pressed his lips into a line. "If my father found those, he wouldn't overlook it."     
"Are you saying that Alpha Edward continued your grandfather's work?" Talia asked.     
James agreed. "That is possible. There is a safe in his bedroom. I don't know what's in there, and I can guess that he has more places to stash secret documents."     
"Or people," Cornelia added in a small voice.     
James squeezed her hand. "I won't let him harm you."     
Cornelia smiled a little. "I know."     
James was getting tenser by the day as his birthday was approaching, and now that Cassie said how Alphas and rogues were planning something for this birthday, Cornelia could feel that James was anxious under that calm fa?ade.      
Cornelia wanted to make everything better, but she was unsure what the right approach was. Just the two of them couldn't do much, but they had friends.      
Cornelia looked at Damon and Talia. "We will all keep each other safe."     
Talia and Damon nodded in agreement.     
"Will you come to my birthday?" James asked.     
"Of course," Talia said confidently, surprising both Damon and James.         
Talia was not willing, but she knew this couldn't be avoided. "If we don't come, your father will either look for another opportunity, or the attack will proceed, and our allies will be trapped. It's best if we stick together. Like this, at least we know that is coming. With any luck, we will find out who is behind this."     
Damon frowned at these words. "Do you plan to let them capture you?"     
"No," Talia said right away. "I won't leave your side. Don't tell me to stay home and hide because we reached the point where we shouldn't care about Alpha Edward's or Guardians' motives. They are after my people and after me, and that's enough for me to stop deluding myself about how we can live peacefully. Rogues will work for whoever pays, and Alpha Edward is not above hiring them. The only difference is that so far, they were not organized on this scale. It would be nice if we could find out what exactly is going on, but this is a conspiracy covered up with lies and half-truths, and we don't have the luxury of time to investigate it. The only thing we can do is get in there and face whatever is coming, together."     
Pride swelled in Damon's chest. This was his kitten. She was done with playing games, and if this didn't include putting Talia in danger, Damon would clap and cheer loudly for her.     
"If my father shows hostility, it will give you an excuse to retaliate openly. By removing him from his position, we will cut him off from whatever organization he belongs to," James said. "My father won't make a move during my birthday party."     
"What makes you think so?" Talia asked.     
"The event will be full of high profile people and journalists. My father won't take the risk of failure when so many eyes are watching. Once the party is over, you will need to be vigilant. He might attack you on your way home or the next morning."     
"I suggest you don't eat or drink anything there," Cornelia said. "It will be easy to spike food with small amounts of relaxant, not to knock you out, but to give you a buzz like you got drunk. I will talk to Dawn to prepare food for you separately in George's villa, and you make sure to eat only that."     
"This is what I was talking about. We know it's coming, so we will prepare," Talia said, and her lips lifted into a smile while looking at Cornelia. "Why are you talking like you are not going? How can my special advisor miss James' birthday party?"     
Cornelia glanced at James nervously. They didn't talk about it. She was used to hiding and spending nights with James at George's villa. The idea of them being in the open, talking, dancing… she liked it very much.     
Damon hugged Talia close to him, and he buried his face into her hair while inhaling deeply. Her sweet citrusy scent of freesia calmed him down, and the thought of her going into danger was driving him mad. But he knew that his kitten was strong and determined and that telling her to stay home and hide was not an option.     
On the other side, Damon would prefer if rogues attacked in the Red Moon pack. Like that, he didn't need to worry about his pack members getting hurt or damage to his property.     
"Should we clean up rogues before your party?" Damon asked James. "Assuming Cassie knows their location, we could eliminate them before they cause damage."     
James thought for a moment before responding, "First, we need to confirm if her information is solid. Next, we should plant our own spies and find out their plans. Ideally, we will find an opening to disable them from attacking without alerting people who are pulling the strings. Only if we allow this attack to escalate to the last stage we will get an opening to see who is behind this…"     
###Chapter 888: Luna Talia's new guard (1)
Chapter 888: Luna Talia's new guard (1)
Cornelia and James stayed late into the night.         
The data from Cassie's phone and tablet was retrieved, so Damon, Talia, Cornelia, and James looked at the pictures of documents and maps while discussing various strategies.     
Everyone could see that James was in his element. He came up with scenarios no one thought of, and he provided various solutions while clearly stating the pros and cons of each.     
James didn't sound like a sixteen year-old boy. He was more like a top-tier strategist with several decades of experience behind him, and Cornelia's inputs complemented him perfectly without overshadowing his brilliance.     
Damon was more and more confident that he needed to convince James to come to the Dark Howlers pack ASAP. What if someone else snatched him first? Having James as an enemy would be dangerous, but Damon knew that pushing too much could backfire.     
"Maybe you should stay here for the night," Talia said when they were done with serious talk.     
James glanced at Cornelia, who was dozing off on his shoulder, and he couldn't make himself wake her up. He scooped Cornelia into his arms carefully, ready to take her to the guest bedroom that Cornelia used when she was in the Dark Howlers pack.     
Before James left the study, Damon said, "Thank you for this. I'm sure that with your plans, we will save many lives."     
"Don't mention it," James responded with a smile. He loved that Damon acknowledged his inputs and even thanked him. Alpha Edward never did that.     
"When will you join the Dark Howlers pack as my Gamma?" Damon had to try.     
James didn't have an answer to this question.     
Seeing that James didn't respond, Talia spoke, "Do you want to stay in the packhouse or a separate house with your mate? As a Gamma, you will get a suite on the second floor and an office. Or if you want more privacy, we will arrange a home for you. It can be in Darkbourne or in the forest. Apartments are also an option. Talk about it with Cornelia when you get a chance."     
James stifled a laugh. They were talking about it like it was a done deal.     
The truth was that James would often daydream about his life with Cornelia. He would work as a Gamma, and she would do her research; they would wake up side-by-side, meet for lunch and dinner, and then spend the night together. During weekends they would travel, go shopping, or just laze in the house... without hiding. James would do it in a heartbeat, only if his father were not looming over his head as a threat to ruin the world.     
"I will think about it," James responded to Damon and Talia before walking out of the study with Cornelia in his arms.     
Talia was about to plop into a chair, but Damon wrapped his arms around Talia and pulled her to him.     
Talia buried her face into Damon's chest and enjoyed his solid embrace. When they stood like that in silence, it seemed like there were no problems in the world.     
'KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK!'     
Three small knocks on the door disturbed their peace.     
"Who could it be this late?" Talia asked in a low voice, and Damon responded with a shrug.     
He pushed Talia to stand behind him before calling, "Come in!"     
The door cracked open to reveal a figure.     
Damon frowned in displeasure. "Keith? I assume there is a reason why you are here in person and not contacting us through mind-link."     
"This should be discussed in person," Keith responded, and Arya peeked from behind him.     
Damon waved at them to get inside. "Must be urgent if you couldn't wait until morning."     
Keith glanced at Arya. "We wanted to wait with this, but considering the recent developments, we decided that this should be addressed as soon as possible."         
Talia was worried. "What is it?"     
"I want to appoint Arya as your guard," Keith said to Talia while glancing at Damon.     
Talia's eyebrows shot up in surprise, and Damon's went down into a scrutinizing frown.     
Talia was aware that Arya was tagging along with Keith, but she assumed that Arya wouldn't tie herself to Talia because of how shaky they started. Also, Arya was probably aware of the ambiguity between Keith and Talia. Actually, Talia was waiting for Keith to say how he wanted to abandon his position as Talia's guard because he would focus on his mate. This was unexpected.     
Damon was still remembering the scene of Talia above Arya, and he didn't like the idea of Arya being close to Talia. As her guard, there will be instances when male guards should look away, so female guards were preferable, but why Arya?     
Talia and Damon exchanged quick glances before asking in unison, "Why?"     
"Is there a problem?" Arya asked. "As a former General in the Spring Leaf pack, my skills are not lacking. I am willing to take the blood oath and pledge my loyalty to Luna Talia."     
"This is not about your skills or pledging loyalty," Damon said.     
"Alpha," Keith called before Damon could reject Arya as Talia's guard. If Damon voiced it, it would be impossible to take it back because Alphas don't change their decisions. It would be perceived as a weakness. "You said that as Luna Talia's head guard, I have the freedom to appoint and dismiss other guards. Arya has the skills and is willing. Please, consider this request."     
Damon poked his cheek with his tongue while scrutinizing Arya.     
"Let me ask you one thing," Damon said. "As Luna Talia's… no. As my mate's guard, will you put her safety above everything else?"     
"Yes," Arya responded without missing a beat.     
"I want you to imagine a scene where you are facing rogues. They captured Keith and Talia. You can save only one. Which one will it be?"     
"That's not fair," Talia said before Arya could respond.     
Damon agreed. "Life is not fair, kitten. You are my first priority. If your life is in danger, I will abandon everything in order to save you. I don't need a blood oath for you to know I'm serious about it because my life would be hell without you in it. Similarly, Arya and Keith are mates, and they will prioritize each other over you. Blood oath won't prevent them from doing so because I'm sure Keith will rather lose his life than watch Arya suffer."     
"So, what are you suggesting?" Talia asked.     
"Keith can remain your guard, but Arya will stay behind when he is on a mission to protect you. If they have problems with that, Keith can stay behind as well. I will rather have fewer people guarding you than rely on a person who is a liability."     
"Alpha!" Arya exclaimed. "Can I speak?"     
"Go ahead." And make it quick.     
"I understand your thinking," Arya said. "In a way, it makes sense. However, I am willing to work with my mate to ensure Luna Talia's safety. Please, give me a chance."     
Damon was not willing. "Do you think I will give you a chance to fail and endanger the life of my Luna?" And there was his pup as well.     
Talia put her hand on Damon's arm and gave him a squeeze. "Let her talk." Talia was curious to hear what Arya had to say.     
###Chapter 889: Luna Talia's new guard (2)
Chapter 889: Luna Talia's new guard (2)
Talia waved at Arya to keep talking.         
Arya glanced at Keith nervously. Ever since joining the Dark Howlers pack, this was the first time for Arya to speak to Damon and Talia, and her nerves were acting out.     
For nearly two decades, Arya saw Alpha Cristian as a guiding light; comforting and nurturing. She didn't have much opinion of Luna Michelle as they didn't interact often; Luna Michelle would not interfere with warriors where Arya belonged. Compared to them, Damon seemed like a tall and solid wall, cold and impenetrable while Talia was like a small bundle of explosives that might burst into colorful fireworks or deadly blasts. Arya didn't know what to expect, but she was not willing to give up without trying.     
"I would appreciate it if you evaluated me while disregarding who my mate is," Arya said. "I was a General in the Spring Leaf pack. Now I am here; the Dark Howlers pack is my home and I am trying to find my place in it. Please, give me a chance to prove myself as a valuable resource. Give me tests, challenge me, but don't dismiss me without giving me a chance."     
Arya turned to look at Keith. "When you think about who my mate is, think of him as Luna Talia's head guard. Keith has a lot of pride in his position, and I know that protecting Luna Talia is very important to him. If we are facing a dangerous situation where I can help Keith or Luna Talia, I know that my mate will never forgive me if I picked him, so I would do what he would, and protect our Luna because protecting her means protecting our pack."     
Talia was moved. If Arya said that she would protect Talia because it's the right thing to do, or because Arya would put Talia above everything else, Talia wouldn't believe her. However, Arya framed it as how she would do it for Keith and Talia believed her.     
"I vote that we give her a chance," Talia said.     
Damon pressed his lips in disapproval. "Since when was this a thing we can vote on?"     
Talia blinked at Damon. "Since you said that I can pick my guards and you authorized Keith that he can do the same. I won't dismiss your opinion as not important, but at least each of us has a third. Keith and I agree to give Arya a chance, so you are a minority. Or are you going back on your word?"     
Damon had to think hard about this. Did he really tell Talia AND Keith that they can pick Talia's guards? It seems he did. Damn it!     
Damon grumbled under his breath before turning to Arya.     
"I want you on the training ground tomorrow morning, six o'clock sharp."     
Arya needed a moment to process this. Talia diffused the situation, just like that. She didn't use sweet-talking, or force; it was just normal words and it worked! Or maybe there was some witchery that Arya missed noticing it. In any case, Arya bowed to Damon. "Thank you, Alpha."     
"Thank your Luna, not me."     
"Of course," Arya said breathily and bowed to Talia. "Thank you, Luna."     
"Don't think I did you a favor," Talia said. "I heard that your skills are impressive, and it would be a pity to leave them unused. Be prepared tomorrow morning. You might not become my guard, but this will be your chance to impress your Alpha. He won't go easy on you."     
Arya had no ions. She was used to breaking into a sweat on the training grounds.     
"Keith," Talia called. "Ask Shaman to set up the blood oath for Arya. Even if Arya is not my guard, considering how much time she is with you and close to me, I would be at ease knowing that she took the oath."     
Keith agreed right away. "Yes, Luna." He saw this as Talia speeding up the process for Arya to become Talia's guard.     
Arya's grin matched Keith's. "Thank you, Luna! We will see you in the morning."     
Damon was alerted. Why was Arya looking at Talia with sparkles in her eyes? Somehow, he had a flashback of a living room sofa and Talia on top of Arya, and he didn't like it.     
Keith and Arya left the study, and Damon turned to Talia.     
"Are you sure about this?" He asked.     
"About making Arya my guard? No. About giving her a chance to prove herself? Yes."     
Damon was unable to disagree with Talia on this.     
"Let's go to sleep, kitten. It seems I have an early morning tomorrow."         
"WE have an early morning," Talia corrected him.     
"You are also coming?"     
Talia cocked an eyebrow at him. "Do you think I will let you be alone with an attractive female so she can jump on you when you are not looking?"     
Damon gaped at Talia. "Who is an attractive female?"     
Talia smiled while wrapping her arms around Damon's neck.     
"Good answer," she spoke against his lips, and then he closed that small distance between them.     
…     
~ the Red Moon pack ~     
Days were passing as James' birthday was getting closer.     
Cornelia would come every evening to spend the night with James and to bring news about recent developments in the Dark Howlers pack to James, Dawn, and George.     
Alpha Edward could track any electronic communication and intercept messengers, so sending texts and emails was not secure, because it could get James and George into serious trouble. Luckily, Cornelia's teleportation was different and thanks to her, James, George, and Dawn knew what was going on with their allies while they shared information on recent movements within the Red Moon pack.      
With James' birthday only one day away, they confirmed that other than Damon and Talia, Tony, Kalina, Maddox, and Tatiana will also be in attendance.     
Cristian and Michelle declined the invitation with the excuse that Ashton was ill. The truth is that they stayed home with a task to keep an eye on not only their territory but on Maddox's and Damon's as well.     
More than once, James and George closed themselves in George's study for hours, and after that George would have a frown of worry on his handsome face that made Dawn anxious. She could sense the pressure in the air, like an invisible bubble was growing and was about to pop.     
Today, she was especially nervous, but in a good way because Zina was coming!     
Talia approved for Zina to come one day earlier so she can spend time with Dawn. This will be Zina's first time to visit Dawn, so Dawn was hoping to leave a good impression. Everything needed to be perfect!     
Dawn prepared for Zina the best guest bedroom, Zina's favorite snacks were ready, and Dawn told Estelle and other Omegas that an important guest was coming and that outsiders shouldn't know about it.     
That morning, George went to work with a chuckle because Dawn was bouncing from excitement and her joy was seeping into him through their mate bond.     
"I wish I can stay longer to welcome your friend," George said.     
"Me too," Dawn responded dreamily. "If you come for lunch, you can join us. We will stay in the villa."     
George hummed in approval. "I will do my best to make it."     
###Chapter 890: Best friends (D&Z) (1)
Chapter 890: Best friends (D&Z) (1)
Luckily, Dawn didn't wait long.         
The door of Cornelia's room opened, and Zina peeked out.     
"AHHH!" Dawn screamed while rushing to hug her friend. "Why are you this late?"     
Zina laughed and hugged her bestie, who was clinging to her like a koala. Zina was happy to see that Dawn was energetic as usual.     
Cornelia confirmed that Zina was delivered as promised, and then the witch returned to the Dark Howlers pack. At this time, James was on the training grounds, and Cornelia had research to do.     
Dawn helped Zina settle into a guest bedroom, and then she showed her around to see the rooms and common areas and to meet Omegas, who were working in the villa. They were all friendly and loyal to George, but Dawn wanted to avoid Omegas peeking at them secretly because they were curious about Zina. Like this, they all knew that the pretty redhead was Dawn's friend.     
No one asked how Zina got there because they all saw Cornelia making appearances sporadically while her room was off-limits.     
Keeping secrets in this villa allowed Omegas to live and work without fear of being beaten, and they knew that betraying George (or Dawn) would get them fired, which meant returning to the Red Moon pack and the bad treatment they were getting there.     
Lastly, Zina and Dawn went to the garden to have fresh lemonade, coffee, and pastries Dawn made. They called Estelle to join them, but the old lady refused; she didn't want to intrude.     
"Now that we concluded the tour of this place, and I served you with refreshments, I want you to tell me what's going on at home," Dawn spoke to Zina excitedly.     
"Isn't this your home?" Zina asked while taking a bite of a butter croissant that Zina could describe as heavenly. She really missed Dawn's pastries.     
Dawn pouted. "You know what I mean. The Dark Howlers pack will always be my home."     
George treated Dawn well, and she had everything she wanted in their villa, but stepping outside the property was a challenge, and Dawn couldn't think of the Red Moon pack as her home. Also, she didn't break the pack bond with the Dark Howlers pack, and part of her yearned to return there. In a way, Dawn was torn between belonging with her mate and belonging to her pack, but she knew there would be challenges when she agreed to come with George, so she didn't make a fuss about it.     
Zina bobbed her head at Dawn. "What do you want to know?"     
"Everything!" Dawn exclaimed, but then she added, "Talk to me about the good stuff."     
"Are you stressed?"     
"Aren't you?" Dawn questioned back. "To be honest, I am surprised you still came considering the latest developments."     
Zina didn't know the details, but she knew that James' birthday party will be tumulous.      
"I wanted to come here for a long time," Zina said. "Besides, if shit hits the fan, someone needs to be here and watch your reckless ass."     
Dawn was touched. That snarky comment sounded like Zina, but Dawn knew that Zina meant it.     
"I am glad you are here. Now you have Trisha, and you don't need me anymore." Dawn pouted.     
Zina waved her hand, indicating to Dawn to stop. "Don't be sappy. Trisha is a good person, and we are getting along well, but she won't replace you. You will always be my best friend, Dawn," Zina said honestly.     
Seeing that Dawn relaxed, Zina continued with a smile, "Let me tell you some good things. There are many new faces in the pack. The fair mixer was a huge success, and it added to the frenzy we like to call Malia." Zina sighed while thinking about how everyone had a mate other than her. But she didn't want to talk about it now. "Last weekend, we had a pack-joining ceremony for twenty-seven new pack members."     
Dawn's eyes widened. "I'm sorry I missed that."     
"I wish you were there. One girl joined. She is barely ten." Zina was talking about Jane.     
"Ten? How can a ten year-old find a mate? Or did one of her parents find a second chance mate?"         
Zina waved her finger, indicating how that was not the case. "She was in the shelter of the Blue River pack. An orphaned girl who was so traumatized that she didn't speak. She was at the fair and helping Chef Page around his booth. After that, he visited her in the shelter, and now he adopted her officially."     
"Oh," Dawn said under her breath. She knew that Chef Page was Lulu's father and that Lulu was his whole world. Dawn had no idea how the man was holding on after Lulu's death, but everyone needed someone, and Dawn was glad that he found that girl. In a way, this development made Zina feel better also.     
Zina continued with her updates. "Maya and Caden returned from their vacation. Maya had her heat there, and she doesn't want to confirm if she is pregnant." Zina glanced at Dawn's stomach. "What about you?"     
Dawn shrugged. "As you know, I had my heat, but there are no symptoms, so…"     
"Not everyone gets preggo on their first heat."     
"I know," Dawn said while rubbing her flat stomach. "Actually, I'm happy it didn't happen. This is a bad time for pregnancy and pups."     
Zina didn't believe her. It was obvious that Dawn was sad, but Zina didn't want to push for it.     
Zina almost spilled the news about how Talia was pregnant, but she swallowed those words back. She promised to keep it a secret. It was not Zina's secret to tell.     
At the thought of Talia, Zina remembered… "You should see Alpha Damon sulking."     
Dawn was curious. "About?"     
"About new Talia's guard. You heard that Keith found his mate, right?"     
Dawn confirmed, and Zina continued.     
"Keith's mate is Arya. A very pretty she-wolf. Arya was a general in the Spring Leaf pack. She is now Talia's guard, and Alpha Damon doesn't approve."     
"Does he not trust her?" Dawn guessed.     
"It's not what you think," Zina said and moved closer to continue in a whisper, "I heard that there was an incident of Alpha Damon walking into a room where Talia and Arya were in a compromising situation."     
Dawn didn't get it. "Compromising situation?"     
Zina wiggled her eyebrows, and Dawn got it.     
"Oh, oh. But, isn't the female Keith's mate?"     
Zina confirmed. "She is."     
Dawn was not sure what to think about it. Did Arya sway both ways? What about Talia?     
"What does Keith say about that?" Dawn asked.     
"You know Keith. He was always creepy when it came to Talia, and now it seems his mate joined him in worshiping our Luna. You will see when they arrive tomorrow. I believe that Alpha Damon was hoping Keith would find his mate and stop looking at Talia with hearts in his eyes, but instead, now both Keith and Arya are following after Talia and looking at her passionately."     
Dawn burst into laughter at the mental image of Talia standing, two figures trying to get close to her, and Damon swatting them away.     
Zina happily munched on vanilla and chocolate cookies that went great with cherry glaze. She was glad to experience this leisurely atmosphere with Dawn and talk about anything, and everything like Dawn never left.     
###Chapter 891: Friends and rivals
Chapter 891: Friends and rivals
"I'm happy you didn't forget about me," Zina said.         
Dawn was surprised to hear this. "Why would I forget about you?"     
Zina shrugged. "Well, now you have your mate and the endless orgasms you always wanted. It would be easy for you to forget your life before George appeared."     
Dawn giggled. "I won't deny it. It's great. But I will never forget who I was and my friends because of that."     
Zina sighed audibly. "I wouldn't know."     
Dawn reached to hold Zina's hand. "You will find your mate soon, Zi. He is out there, waiting for you, just how you are waiting for him. Believe in the Moon Goddess, and don't lose hope. The more hardship you go through before you meet your mate, the better it will be when you finally find each other. You will see that a mate is a wonderful addition to what you have already. You will want to make him happy, and he will want to do the same for you in return. Just how I couldn't ask George to leave his work and his life…" Revenge was a better word, "He wouldn't ask me to drop the things that are important to me."     
Zina thought how it sounded fantastic, but… "Not everyone is the same."     
"I assume you have someone on your mind," Dawn said cautiously.     
Zina nodded. "Steph."     
Dawn was alerted. "Is her mate abusive?"     
"It doesn't look like it. I mean, they seem to be smitten and happy, but…" Zina hesitated. "You know that Steph was always hovering around Lisa. Lisa was in the Lightclaw pack, but Steph knew where Lisa was and with whom. Is it possible that the mate bond impacted Steph so much that she doesn't care if Lisa is in trouble?"     
Dawn knew that Zina blamed herself for the rogues' attack on the Blue River pack. One of the theories was that Zina told Steph about Talia's whereabouts, and Steph was the one who gave that information to Lisa (and rogues). Those were just guesses, and they didn't have proof it actually happened, but Zina still felt guilty about it, and now it seemed that Zina blamed Stephanie.     
"Tell me from the beginning," Dawn demanded.     
"There is not much to tell, and that's the problem. Steph and Richard stop by every few days to catch up. Richard goes into the garden, and Steph helps out in the kitchen, or she makes coffee for Trisha and me. Steph talks about anything and everything except Lisa. Maya hinted that we don't know anything related to Lisa's mate and that he should come so we can all meet him, and Steph brushed it off, saying how he is busy."     
"Did Steph meet him?"     
"No. And that's another red flag. Steph said she doesn't know who Lisa's mate is or where Lisa is. Don't you think it's strange? She should at least tell us which pack Lisa joined."     
Dawn agreed with this. Stephanie was known to hover around Lisa, yet now she acted like Lisa was unimportant. "Don't overthink it, Zi. You know that Lisa caused a lot of trouble recently. She is not a child anymore, and now she also has a mate. Maybe Steph finally decided to be happy and let Lisa take responsibility for her actions."     
"Do you believe that? This is Steph we are talking about."     
Dawn puffed her cheeks. Did she believe that? No. She was just comforting Zina. But there was a point… "If anything is off with Steph, I'm sure Damon and Talia are on top of it."     
Zina leaned into her chair and stared at the sky that had a few clouds on it. "I don't know, Di. Our Alpha has a soft spot for a woman who raised him after his parents died."     
"You don't think that Steph is coming to the packhouse with the purpose of getting information for rogues, do you?" When Zina didn't respond, Dawn continued. "You know Steph, just as I do. She takes pride in the Dark Howlers pack and would never do anything against it. Everything Steph did was for the pack. She lost her mate and even sent her daughter away."     
Zina knew all this, but she couldn't help the doubt that swelled within her. Something was off with Stephanie, and it seemed that only Zina saw it.     
…     
George was at the training grounds. His Lieutenants were monitoring their units and taking notes of the performance of each soldier.     
Before meeting Dawn, George would spend here most of the day.     
Since Dawn came to the Red Moon pack, George would be at the training grounds in the morning, afternoons he would spend in his office, meetings were somewhat random and on a need basis, while he would look for opportunities to take his work with him and finish it from the study. During those times, Dawn would be in the study with him, reading a book or watching a video with a headset on. He loved those moments when Dawn was in his visual range.         
George checked the time. It was dragging. If James was present, George could use an excuse of training the future Alpha to leave earlier, but James was studying with another tutor now, so that was not an option.     
George knew that Dawn was with Zina because he could feel her happiness, and it made him happy also. He remembered the promise of joining them for lunch, and he didn't want to miss it. George knew that Estelle was preparing a feast.     
Most of the warriors would go for lunch to the canteen. It was close and convenient since they didn't need to prepare a meal, and the food was decent.     
It was not unusual for mated pack members who lived nearby to head home for lunch or for their mates to join them. Unfortunately, that didn't apply to George. He didn't announce that he had found his mate and if Dawn appeared there, it would raise many questions.     
George couldn't risk Alpha Edward finding out about a new female. Dawn was attractive, and George could see the old fart setting his sight on Dawn. George wouldn't allow that to happen, and then he would reveal his identity, and a decade of planning would go down the drain.     
Just a bit more, George told himself.     
It was close to eleven-thirty when George raised his arm, making hundred-something warriors stop moving and look at him.     
"Let's break for lunch. We will continue at one o'clock sharp!" George announced and turned to leave.     
"You are in a hurry," a condescending voice came from the side. "If I didn't know better, I would assume you have a sweet pussy waiting for you. Is it possible that a woman caught the eye of monk George?"     
George frowned while turning to look at the familiar face he didn't want to see. It was Owen. He was a Lieutenant of a battalion that was not under George.     
Owen and George had been rivals since they started climbing ranks.     
George and Owen were both orphans. They became warriors at the same time, and their promotions were always close to each other. Since George became a General (and then Commander), Owen's rivalry intensified, and George didn't hold back his punches either.     
"Is there a reason you are here, Lieutenant?" George asked, emphasizing Owen's rank. "I assume you are not here to discuss women."     
"Does Alpha know you are cutting short training for your warriors?"     
"Does Alpha know you were watching my people when you were supposed to watch yours?" George returned the question.     
...     
Note: you can find Owen's pic in comments     
###Chapter 892: Best friends (D&Z) (2)
Chapter 892: Best friends (D&Z) (2)
Normally, George and Owen would engage in verbal spats, but he didn't have time to waste today. Every minute with Dawn was precious.         
"Why are you here, Owen? Don't tell me you wanted to invite me for lunch?" George asked.     
"What if I did?"     
"Then, I will need to decline."     
"Is there a reason?"     
"Of course, there is," George responded. "Other than not wanting your ugly face to give me indigestion, I woke up craving dumplings, so I asked my Omegas to prepare them for lunch. You would know how that feels if you had Omegas serving you. Oh, how inconsiderate of me. Lieutenants don't get Omegas to serve them; that's only for Generals and above."     
Owen's jaw ticked, and George shook his head.     
"If there is anything official, schedule an appointment. If you have time to spare, I suggest you return to the training grounds. When you feel you have a fighting chance, issue me a warrior's challenge. I won't refuse."     
Owen watched bitterly George's retreating back, noticing that George's steps were getting faster until he broke into a run, and then he took a turn and disappeared out of sight.     
…     
George opened the door of his villa and stepped inside when…     
"WAAAH!"     
A Dawn-bullet jumped on George with an enthusiastic scream, and he was quick to catch her.     
Dawn rubbed her face on the side of his neck. "I thought you won't make it."     
"What made you think so?" George asked through chuckles. Dawn was adorable, and her happiness spilled on him. He had never felt so welcome before Dawn came into his life.     
"I sensed your displeasure not so long ago, so I assumed that you had something unexpected and… you know… that you will be too busy to come home for lunch. You didn't miss anything important for this?"     
George squeezed Dawn against him and took a deep breath to fill his system with her addictive scent of cinnamon.     
"It was nothing much. Just Owen."     
"When will the two of you stop acting like high school kids?" Dawn never met Owen, but George told her about him.     
"Hey, hey," George protested. "He is the one coming onto me. Are you expecting me to stay quiet and let him use me as a doormat?"     
Dawn released George and touched his cheek. "No, I don't. But I wish that you could talk it out. Didn't you say that the two of you used to train together and help each other? If he sees that you are still the same man, he might be a friend. A good one."     
George smiled helplessly. Talking was not the way of people at the Red Moon pack.     
Here, George was a Commander, cold, ruthless, and calculative.     
"This reasonable and soft Commander George is only for you, Dawn."     
Dawn grinned. She loved to know that she was special.     
"I wouldn't call you soft," Dawn said while wiggling her eyebrows, and George growled lowly in approval while leaning to capture her lips with his.         
"How easy is it for you to forget about me?"     
Zina's voice reached them from the side, and Dawn and George smiled.     
Dawn spoke about Zina a lot, and George visited the Dark Howlers pack more than once, so they were familiar with each other. The only thing new about this was the location.     
"Hi Zi," George greeted her. "I assume you had a pleasant morning with my mate."     
"I did. And now I'm starving. Can we eat?"     
They kept the chat during lunch on light topics, and Zina wished she could be this close to Dawn daily.     
"What are your plans for the afternoon?" George asked.     
"We will prepare dinner," Dawn responded. Other than chatting with Zina, she didn't have other plans.     
"I was hoping you could show me around," Zina said.     
George paused. "Around?"     
Zina looked at Dawn. "Around. Outside. Are you telling me you don't leave this villa?"     
Dawn released a long breath. "I do get out, but… this is not a good environment for an Omega, Zi."     
"I came to see how you are living here. Show me. I don't want to see only pretty things."     
George didn't like it. "Due to the preparations for James' birthday, I have meetings this afternoon and can't accompany you."     
"Dawn can't leave this house unless you are with her?" Zina asked incredulously.     
"No, no," Dawn said quickly. "I go out on my own, but…" Dawn puffed her cheeks. "Fine. We will go."     
"Dawn," George called, his low voice full of warning.     
"We won't stir trouble. I will take Dawn to the market and back. Maybe Estelle will join us also. What can happen?"     
...     
Eventually, George left, and Zina asked when it was just the two of them, "Tell me straight, what's the big deal with us going out? Will people beat us?"     
"No. It's just…" Dawn was not sure how to say this. "In general, Omegas are treated like dirt here. Then there is a distinction between Omegas who were born with a bloodline of the Red Moon pack, and Omegas from other packs. People will scrutinize you and assume the worst. Things don't get physical. Don't respond to provocations, and we will be fine."     
Zina cocked her eyebrow. "Oh? There are noble Omegas and peasant Omegas?"     
Dawn would laugh at the sarcasm, but this affected more than just Dawn and Zina, and it was not funny.     
"Something like that."     
Zina didn't like this, not even a little bit. "How can you stand that? Why are you here? What happened with mates doing what's best for the other? How can George make you stay in this pack and be bullied? Why don't you ask him to come to the Dark Howlers pack? You know that Alpha Damon will welcome both of you. How much I know, Alpha Damon and George are getting along well. Don't tell me you are happy being confined in this villa."         
Dawn couldn't tell Zina about George's plan for revenge. That was George's big secret, and she had no right to share it, not even with Zina. But Dawn couldn't leave Zina's questions unanswered.     
"It's not so bad, Zi," Dawn said. "I'm just telling you the worst, so you are not surprised if something like that happens."     
"And what if the worst happens? Are you expecting me to lower my head and let them insult me? What if they hit me? Is that what happens when you go out? How can you live like that?"     
Dawn puffed her cheeks and spoke through their pack mind link. 'Zi, didn't you notice that I didn't leave the Dark Howlers pack?'     
Zina realized that Dawn was right. Normally, the two wouldn't talk through the mind link because they didn't care who was listening.     
Zina continued through the mind link, 'Are you saying that George will come to the Dark Howlers pack? What's with the delay?' Wouldn't that be wonderful? Dawn would be with her mate, Zina would get her bestie back, and everyone would be happy.     
'He is not opposing the idea,' Dawn responded. This was the truth. 'George has some matters to deal with here. Once that is settled, we will decide what to do next.'     
George was unsure if he wanted to start his own pack, but he wanted to provide better conditions for people who didn't want to stay in the Red Moon pack. All this was under the assumption that he issues an Alpha challenge and wins.     
...     
Note: Owen's pic is in the comments of the previous chapter (#891)     
###Chapter 893: Visiting the market
Chapter 893: Visiting the market
Zina was pacified by Dawn's answer. "I hope George finishes his work quickly, so you don't need to suffer long. I know you won't move in back with me, but we could still work in the packhouse together and hang out while George is busy with warriors…"         
Dawn felt guilty for not telling Dawn the truth. But this was for the best. Zina didn't know that George was an Alpha, or that he wanted to kill Alpha Edward, or that Dawn had a complete Alpha aura that could rival Alpha Edward's.     
Dawn was dreading the day when those would come to light, and she hoped that Zina wouldn't be too angry because Dawn was keeping all those secrets from her.     
…     
Zina observed the change in Dawn's demeanor from the moment they left the villa, and Zina didn't like it. Her cheery friend became quiet, and Dawn lowered her gaze even before they met anyone.     
Zina and Dawn were accompanied by Estelle and Adele, older female Omegas who were quiet anyway, so Zina wouldn't notice if they quieted down, but with Dawn it was obvious. Dawn acted like she had done something wrong and was waiting for her punishment.      
The narrow path meandered through the forest, and they crossed several intersections before they reached a paved road where people walked, and some rode bicycles. Everyone looked busy.     
The buildings had an industrial feel. They were made of stone, wood, and metal, with minimalistic windows and doors, without curves or details that would make them pretty.     
Zina thought how this was different than Darkbourne, which had stores and buildings no different than any average town in North America. People in Darkbourne were more relaxed; they would make eye contact and stop to chat, and some would linger on benches or outside seating in front of shops to indulge in a beverage or a sweet treat.     
Compared to that, the atmosphere in the Red Moon pack was stifling, and Zina didn't like it.     
The most repressive was that Dawn was quiet, just like Estelle and Adele. When Zina asked something, they would respond with only a few words, and that dampened Zina's mood as well, and she eventually stopped asking questions.     
They reached a big building that looked like a hangar. Double doors were wide open, and people were coming in and going out non-stop. It was the busiest building Zina had spotted so far.     
"This is the market," Dawn explained to Zina. "It's indoors, so it's working regardless of the weather. Estelle will buy some things for the villa. Let me know if you want to get something."     
Zina cocked an eyebrow at Dawn. "I have money." She didn't need Dawn to pay for her expenses.     
"We don't work with money here."     
Zina was confused. "How do you pay for things?"     
Dawn reached into her purse and pulled several coupon-looking things. "We exchange goods and cover the difference with these. These are like money in the Red Moon pack."     
Zina took one coupon and felt that it was made of rough paper that had writing "worth 10 units" and there was a stamp of a red moon.     
"How do you pay for things outside Red Moon pack?" Zina asked.     
Dawn shrugged. "This is the economy we have here. Money from outside is valuable only for people who go out."     
Zina was about to ask more, but she heard Dawn's voice in her head, 'Can you keep other questions for later? We can also talk through the mind link.'     
Zina saw Dawn giving eye signals toward Estelle and Adele, and she understood that her questions made the other two Omegas uncomfortable.     
They were in the Red Moon pack for a long time, some were born here, and they didn't know how the world outside of the Red Moon pack functioned.     
'Alright,' Zina said to Dawn through the mind link. 'You know that this is how Alpha Edward is preventing his pack from integrating with the rest of society. Right?'     
'I do. But these people don't have a choice. Just saying openly how it's wrong won't solve anything. If we tell them how good life is outside the Red Moon pack, they will not believe us.'     
'Or they will believe us and will retaliate against this system.'         
Dawn shook her head. 'They are Omegas, not revolutionaries. Most are happy to have a roof over their heads and food on the table. They grew up here, and this is their normal. Even if they knew that life in another pack was better, they wouldn't have the courage or skills to fight for it. Those few who show potential are either silenced, or they get promotions and a good lifestyle that makes them not care about Omegas.'     
Zina hated that Dawn was right. Little people won't fight, and anyone with potential was dealt with before he became a threat. It was not fair, but it worked in favor of the minority at the top of the hierarchy.      
Inside, the hangar-like market was livelier than it hinted from the outside. Numerous stalls were lined up in rows with merchandise that consisted of clothing, shoes, hand-crafted accessories and jewelry, and food items. Some people stood behind their stalls, and people moved to see what they were offering. The noise of haggling for a better price made Zina squint, and the scents that filled the air were overwhelming.     
Zina decided to follow after Dawn and observe. She didn't need anything but was curious about how things worked in the Red Moon pack.     
Estelle and Adele carried baskets with pastries which they exchanged for eggs and cheese.     
Zina spotted freshly caught rabbits, and she said to Dawn through their mind link, 'We can make those for dinner.'     
'Let's not waste money on something my George can catch for free.'     
Zina rolled her eyes at Dawn's words. 'Do you need to boast how awesome your mate is?'     
Dawn stifled a giggle. Her George is awesome.     
Dawn's smile froze when she felt hostility from her left. Since George marked her, Dawn's senses were sharper.     
"Let's go this way," Dawn said while grabbing Zina's elbow.     
"Look who showed up here," A singing voice reached them, and Dawn cursed under her breath.     
'Don't talk, Zi,' Dawn told Zina before turning toward her left.     
Estelle and Adele stood in front of Dawn and Zina. "Miss Ana, we are here to get the ingredients for dinner that Commander George requested."     
Ana made a face at Estelle. Commander George's name guaranteed they won't be bullied, so Ana didn't dare to give her a hard time, but Ana had a different target.     
"I was not talking to you," Ana said to Estelle while extending her hand and nudging the latter to move to the side. Ana wanted an unobstructed view of Dawn and Zina.     
Ana tried mind linking Dawn several times, but she was unsuccessful. It was visible that Dawn was marked, and even though Ana couldn't confirm who Dawn's mate was, she was fairly confident that the male was from the Red Moon pack. Ana didn't have the ability to verify if Dawn joined the Red Moon pack, so she assumed that Dawn was shutting her out on purpose, which only enraged Ana further.     
###Chapter 894: Commotion at the market
Chapter 894: Commotion at the market
'Who is this?' Zina asked Dawn. It was obvious that the three females didn't approach them with good intentions, and Zina wondered if Dawn had some history with them. It seemed like it.         
'The one in the middle is the leader. Her name is Ana. All three are Omegas who work in the packhouse, so they consider themselves above others. The word is that Ana is sleeping with Alpha Edward, so no one will dare to offend her.'     
Zina couldn't believe this. 'An Omega is spreading her legs for a mated Alpha and thinks…'     
'Zina, please,' Dawn interrupted her. 'Let us handle this.'     
Zina released a long breath. 'Fine.'     
Dawn had difficulty controlling her wolf. After George's marking, Dawn's spunky attitude morphed into one of an Alpha. Dawn was now an Alpha female with an Alpha wolf, and her wolf couldn't stand anyone talking to them in a demeaning way, especially not an Omega.     
Dawn feared that if she lost focus, her wolf would jump on Ana, and her aura would leak, which would put George in danger. Dawn would never say she was an Alpha because of his mark, but she also knew that George wouldn't allow anyone to interrogate her, so it would be obvious they were mates.     
"Who is the new face?" Ana asked while eyeing Zina.     
"She is…" Estelle stopped talking when Ana raised her hand.     
Ana pointed at Dawn. "I want her to respond."     
Among so many people who walked with their heads lowered, for Anna, Zina stood out as a sore thumb. Zina was not submissive, and there was also a matter of Zina's clothes. Zina didn't have makeup or excessive jewelry, but those were definitely good-quality blouse and jeans. Ana also noticed Zina's red hair, sharp grey eyes, flawless skin, and curvaceous figure… and it was only a matter of time before Zina caught the eye of someone important. How could Ana allow some no-name nobody (aka Zina) to get such a chance? What if she ends up working in the packhouse and takes over Ana's position?     
"She is my friend," Dawn responded to Ana while pushing Zina behind her.     
Ana cocked an eyebrow at Zina. "A friend? Do you have the right to accept friends?"     
"The right channels approved," Dawn responded ambiguously.     
"Did they?" Ana asked with a sneer. "Somehow, I doubt it. Give me names I will check."     
Dawn's jaw ticked in annoyance as her wolf started emerging to the surface. "I thought your duties are to take care of the packhouse. Unless I see in writing that you are in charge of protocols for visitors, I won't give you anything."     
Ana's eyebrows shot up at Dawn's lack of cooperation, and she folded her arms over her chest.     
"Disobedience is punished in this pack. I thought we already established that last time when I hit you. Should I give you another lesson?"     
Zina's temper flared. "She hit you?"     
"Zi…" Dawn pleaded. Ana wanted to slap Dawn, but Estelle got in the way and received it instead.     
"No, no," Zina was shaking her head. "I don't care about rules and keeping a low profile. No one…" She turned to Ana. "NO ONE gets to hit my friend, especially not bitches with an overinflated ego."     
By now, most of the market was silent, and they watched the showdown.     
Dawn cursed under her breath. She feared something like this might happen. This was not good, and her wolf was scratching to come out.     
"Zi," Dawn held Zina's arm. "Let's just go about our business. Forget about this. Ana is not important."     
Ana's expression flared in outrage. "Not important!?"     
Ana reached to grab Zina, but Dawn got in the way, Estelle and Adele stood rooted in place, and then…         
"STAY AWAY FROM MY WOMAN!"     
A roar shook the market, and everyone froze at the scene of a guy clutching Ana's neck and lifting her off the ground.     
Ana's eyes bulged in shock, and it took her a moment to start clawing at his wrist, but it was like trying to pry open a metal lock with a feather.     
Dawn's brows came together in confusion. Who is this guy, exactly?     
Before Dawn could recover, the familiar scent of clover reached her, and she saw George rushing toward her like his life depended on him.     
George's furious gaze moved over the people, paused slightly at Dawn, and then locked on Ana.     
George wanted to get his hands on Ana, but the male holding her was in the way.     
The male growled when George came close. "She is mine to…"     
Before he could finish, George's fist landed on his face violently, and the guy blacked out.     
George grabbed Ana before she could fall to the ground.     
Ana was coughing, and she was glad that George had rescued her from the brute, but her fear was back when she realized that George's grip on her shoulders was increasing. Was he about to shatter her bones?     
Dawn panicked. Will George expose himself?     
Estelle was first to react, and she stood next to Ana to be in George's visual range.     
Estelle bowed her head. "Commander George, Ana was curious about our guest, and Owen reacted."     
George blinked at Estelle's words. Owen?     
He didn't pay attention to the male, but he saw him close to Dawn and shouting how that was his woman, and George lost it.     
George looked down to see that Owen was out cold, and his face was bloodied.     
"I'm sorry…" Ana squeaked. "I didn't know that Dawn was Owen's woman."     
Another wave of rage rippled through George.     
"Say that again!" George squeezed through his teeth angrily. How dares this Omega nobody claim that his mate belongs to someone else?     
'Didn't you want to conceal that Dawn is your mate?' Estelle's voice sounded in George's head. 'Like this, they will think she is Owen's mate.'     
George couldn't believe this. 'Who thinks that Dawn is Owen's mate? Why would they think that?'     
'Let's talk about this later. Ana was annoying, but she didn't step over the line,' Estelle responded.     
…     
Owen's vision was blurry, and his nose hurt like hell. What happened? And where was he?         
Before he could see, he heard voices…     
"Are you sure he is your mate?" A female voice asked.     
"I think so." Owen was confident that an angel responded.     
"You think so, or you know so? This is not something to guess."     
"I would be confident if you brute didn't knock him out."     
"George is not a brute!"     
"Really? Does he say hello with his fists every time? My mate was defending us, and your mate caused a mess."     
Owen remembered some things. After lunch in the cafeteria, he wanted something sweet, so he headed to the market, and then his wolf urged him to take a left, and there he saw the most beautiful woman in the world. She had a head full of red hair, and he knew that was his fiery Goddess. But she was bullied, and his wolf took over, and… then Owen blacked out. Wait! Did they say that George hit him!?     
Owen decided to stay still until he got a grasp on the situation.     
Was that his fiery Goddess talking? Why did she sound angry? Was it because he was hurt?     
###Chapter 895: Malia strikes again! (Z&O)
Chapter 895: Malia strikes again! (Z&O)
Zina was still upset about the incident with Ana. "I wanted to show that nasty Omega where she belongs. How dares she act all mighty just because she is cleaning the packhouse? And how can you live while lowering your head to such trash?"         
"Zi, you don't understand…"     
"I don't. I want you to come back home with me. Right now."     
"I can't."     
"Yes, you can!" Zina said sternly.     
"Even if I come, what about him? Will you leave your mate behind? Maybe that's for the better."     
"Hey, hey! How can you say that? Isn't finding a mate a good thing? Finally, Malia worked for me as well."     
"Maybe it would be better to pass on this one."     
Zina couldn't believe her ears. "What?"     
"Look at him, Zi. He is a warrior in the Red Moon pack, with emphasis on the pack to which he belongs. They treat Omegas like crap."     
"Really? What about George?"     
Dawn released a sharp breath. "George is different. I'm sure you have noticed that by now. Staying here is dangerous. Do you think I'm stuck at home because I like it?"     
"You said you are not afraid of Omegas like Ana."     
"I am not. But going against her will attract attention. I can defeat Ana. I can defeat ten Anas, but what will happen when guys like your mate appear? And before you say that George can protect me, that will also put him in danger."     
"If he is dangerous, why did George leave him here?" Zina asked.     
After the mess in the market, George called nearby warriors to escort Ana for questioning why she attacked a mate of a high-ranking officer. George knew that not much would come out of it, but he hoped it would be a warning for Ana to stay away from Dawn.     
George didn't like the idea of people thinking that Dawn was Owen's mate, but it served the purpose of protecting Dawn without exposing their relationship as mates.     
George hoped that Owen's status as a Lieutenant would be high enough to deter bullies yet low enough not to attract Alpha Edward's attention.     
George hoisted Owen over his shoulder and took him to his villa. Unfortunately, George had important meetings, and if he missed them, people would start asking questions, so he had to leave.     
He explained to Dawn that was Owen, and only after George left did Zina say how she thought the unconscious man in the guest bedroom was her mate.     
"George has important meetings," Dawn responded.     
"More important than you?"     
"Damn it, Zi! I didn't want things to come to this, but you need to put your safety first. Finding your fated mate is great, but that can't compare to your life."     
Owen panicked. Was his fiery Goddess thinking of leaving him? He needed to snap out of it and tell her to stay right now!     
A low groan got Zina's and Dawn's attention, and Zina quickly moved to sit on the edge of the bed where Owen was.     
Owen blinked to confirm that the blurry face in front of him was his fiery Goddess. There was a sweet scent coming off her, but he couldn't identify it clearly because his nose was broken, and everything smelled of blood.         
"Can you hear me? How do you feel?" Zina asked while her eyes nervously roamed Owen's bloodied face. They didn't dare to clean him up because they feared how he would react if a damp cloth woke him up.     
Owen reached to touch Zina's cheek, and his hand jolted when he felt sparks prickling the tips of his fingers.     
"Are you an angel?" He asked.     
Zina's lips stretched into a smile. "Oh, honey… If you think I'm an angel, you didn't look deep enough."     
"Honey?" It was Dawn who asked.     
"Mhm," Zina confirmed with a hum. "He smells like maple honey, the one I use as a glaze for roasted ham." And for pancakes and sweetening the tea and many other treats. Zina loves honey.     
"Pft!" Dawn burst into laughter. "You see him as a ham?"     
Zina glared at Dawn. "Not a ham. Honey. Ho-ney. Why are you laughing? Didn't you say that George smells to you like clover?" She turned to look at Owen. "This man smells of honey, and I want to lick him everywhere."     
Owen swallowed hard. His face was numb, and his heart was beating wildly, but he definitely felt the pressure in his groin area increasing. The fiery Goddess wanted to lick him everywhere, and he found himself unable to move. Will she lick him now? He hoped so. From where will she start? Ah, the possibilities!     
Zina waved at Dawn. "Instead of standing there and staring, how about you bring me a cloth and water so I can wash his face?"     
Dawn folded her arms over her chest. "I'm not going anywhere. George told me about him. Owen was a good guy before he became a jealous prick who is trying to sabotage him. What if he is hostile? What if he looks down on you because you are an Omega? What if he rejects you as his mate? You didn't think about that, did you?"     
Zina pressed her lips into a line. She didn't think about that.     
Zina turned to Dawn. "If you think he is a bad guy, why are you talking about George so freely? Isn't your relationship with him a secret?"     
Dawn shrugged. "People are already suspecting, and after today, I'm done hiding. If anyone dares to cause trouble, I will teach them a lesson."     
Dawn spoke bravely, but the truth was that she decided not to leave the villa until George made his move with Alpha Edward. No one will come to the house of Commander George to stir trouble. That was a fact, and if any disturbances are noticed, she can always flee to the Dark Howlers pack with Cornelia. This secret exit strategy boosted Dawn's confidence. The only thing Dawn was not confident about was if George would come with her. And what about Omegas staying here?     
Zina turned to Owen. "What do you say, handsome? Will you reject me as your mate?" She bit her lip nervously while waiting for him to answer. What if he rejects the bond? He is from the Red Moon pack, and they are known as brute and unreasonable and… did she even want a mate from the Red Moon pack?     
Owen blinked. "No."     
Zina smirked at Dawn, but her gaze now carried some doubt. "See? He won't reject me. Now get that water and cloth so I can see what he looks like."     
After a long second, Dawn gave a small nod and left the room with, "I will be back in a minute. Don't do something you will regret."     
Zina was not sure what Dawn was talking about. Was it related to rejecting the mate bond or getting frisky? Probably both.     
Owen reached to touch Zina's cheek again.     
"Are you not happy about me, Angel?" Owen asked. He could feel insecurities swelling within Zina. "I am not a violent man." Lies. He would end up in squabbles often, but mostly with warriors.     
Zina laughed nervously. "How can I be unhappy about you? I don't know you."     
###Chapter 896: Discussing conditions (1)
Chapter 896: Discussing conditions (1)
Owen pushed himself into a seated position and he cleared his throat before saying to Zina, "I am Owen of the Red Moon pack. I am a Lieutenant and… I guess that's it."         
Zina cocked an eyebrow at him. "That's not much to go with." There must be more. What was he hiding?     
"I am an orphan. I don't remember if I ever had a family. Most of my time is spent on the training grounds, so… there isn't much to say about me."     
"Oh…" Zina was not sure how to respond to that.     
Zina thought of sharing something about herself. "I am Zina of the Dark Howlers pack. I am an Omega who works in the packhouse, and I came here to visit my friend." Zina realized that her status might be a problem. "Do you dislike that I'm an Omega? Will you reject me for it? Or…"     
"No, no," Owen was quick to say. "I have nothing against Omegas. I would be one if I didn't become a warrior."     
"That is true for any warrior, yet it doesn't stop them from bullying Omegas," Zina said. Even Omegas are bullying Omegas in this pack.     
"I won't mistreat you because of your status, Zina of the Dark Howlers pack."     
Zina was not sure if she should believe him. She heard a lot of scary stories about members of the Red Moon pack. "You won't?"     
Owen shook his head, and asked, "Will you look down on me because I have no background?"     
Somehow, his question dispelled Zina's worries. Mostly because she could feel his insecurities. He really wanted her to accept him.     
"You are not a nobody. You are Lieutenant Owen. My mate."     
Owen's face lit up and his eyes moved to Zina's lips. He really wanted to kiss her.     
Dawn entered the room to see that Owen and Zina were staring at each other and inching closer.     
"Am I interrupting something?"     
Zina rolled her eyes. Well, that broke the lovey-dovey bubble.     
She waved at Dawn to come with the bowl of water she brought in.     
"Give me that. I want to wash away the blood from Owen's face, so I can see him properly."     
Dawn clicked her tongue. "He is your mate. He might have a body covered in scales, yet you will still think that he is the sexiest man alive."     
Zina wiggled her eyebrows at Dawn. "Well, I can't help it if my mate is sexy."     
Dawn made a face. "Pleeeease, spare me before I gag."     
"I was listening to your stories about George, Mr. Perfect. Now it's my turn to fill your ears with stories of my mate…"     
Owen listened to the spiky exchange between Zina and Dawn, and he liked that Zina was standing up for him.     
Zina turned to Owen while holding a damp cloth and he got worried. What if she doesn't like how he looks? What will she think after she finds out who he is? He was a Lieutenant, and other than that, he didn't have much to offer to his mate.     
Zina pushed Owen to lay on the bed.     
"Let me know if it hurts," she said, and then she started cleaning up the dried blood from his cheeks.         
Owen closed his eyes, and he enjoyed the treatment. He didn't want to say how he had much worse injuries than a broken nose, and he mostly tended to his own wounds. This was different. It was the first time for a female to handle him with such care. And this was not just any female, this was his mate, an alluring Goddess with fiery red hair.     
Owen was dazed by the occasional sparks that stirred whenever her skin touched his.     
Zina was super-gentle, and she grimaced while pressing a damp cloth on his face.     
"So much blood…" Zina said with her brows coming together in concern.     
Owen's mood dropped when he realized how he got hurt.     
"Are you the reason why George is skipping work?" Owen asked Dawn grumpily.     
"OWW!" He exclaimed when Zina pressed the cloth close to his nose.     
"Dawn is my best friend," Zina said with a warning in her voice. "Mate or not, no one gets to talk to Dawn like that."     
Dawn was glad to see that Zina stood up for her, but at the same time, Dawn didn't envy Zina's situation. Owen was a big variable, and he already knew too much. What if Owen works against George? Will Zina and Dawn need to pick between their friendship and their mates?     
Dawn was anxious and she decided to probe the situation.     
She exposed the left side of her neck, where George's mark was.     
"I am George's fated mate."     
Owen's eyebrows shot up. He suspected that George had a woman, but a fated mate? "Why is he hiding you?"     
"I'm sure you know that with George's status, people would try to use me against him."     
Owen knew that, but… "Do you plan to hide forever?"     
Dawn was not sure how to respond to this. Telling Zina that this was temporary was one thing, but she didn't trust Owen. What if he spreads it around and it reaches Alpha Edward? Commander George leaving the pack would be a big deal. Huge!     
"Instead of meddling in other people's relationships, why don't you worry about ours?" Zina asked, getting Owen's attention. "What are we going to do? You said that you won't reject the bond, and I won't do it either as long as you show an intention to treat me well. So, what's next? Are you planning for us to stay in the Red Moon pack? As a Lieutenant, you don't have a private residence. Are you expecting me to go into barracks where you are sharing living areas with others? How many roommates do you have?"     
Zina didn't know about the Lieutenant's living conditions, but she knew that only Generals and Commanders get private residences.     
Owen needed a moment to process this. "As a mated couple, we will get a bedroom." Most of the mated warriors with a rank got apartments, but that was based on availability, and he didn't dare to promise her an apartment and then not deliver on it.     
Zina cocked an eyebrow. "A bedroom? What about the kitchen? Living area? I heard that newcomers here are treated horribly. Are you expecting me to stay locked up in our bedroom while you are working, or should I go out so Omegas like Ana can take a swipe at me?"     
Owen's mind was spinning. They just met, and she was asking about living conditions. Of course, none of those would matter if he was a General and if he had his own home. Damn it!     
But then… even if he had his own home, incidents like the one with Ana would happen when she was not with him.     
"Do you have a suggestion?" Owen asked.     
"Yes!" Zina exclaimed. "Come with me to the Dark Howlers pack."     
Owen froze. "What?"         
"At least, consider it. OK? Me leaving my pack to be with you shouldn't be easier than you leaving your pack. I have an apartment and a steady job. Alpha Damon will give you a chance to prove yourself and he won't thwart your progress just because you are a newcomer."     
Owen licked his lips. "Angel, listen. I'm not a man who can live off a woman."     
It was sexist, but Zina found something good in his answer. He didn't dismiss the Dark Howlers pack.     
###Chapter 897: Discussing conditions (2)
Chapter 897: Discussing conditions (2)
"If you come to the Dark Howlers pack, you won't live off me. You will live WITH me," Zina said to Owen. "I have a job and you will get one also. I can't promise you will keep your status as a Lieutenant, but Alpha Damon accepts newcomers as warriors. The Dark Howlers pack accommodates people from other packs, and no one will bully you."         
Dawn nodded in agreement. "Actually, people in our pack welcome newcomers. We see that as proof that our pack is better and that's why outsiders choose to join."     
Owen didn't miss that Dawn spoke about the Dark Howlers pack like it's hers, but he didn't want to probe into it. He had more important things to figure out.     
He never considered leaving the Red Moon pack. Yes, things were not ideal, but he was just one step away from being a General, and that would be a big jump in his status.     
No one told him that this was George's villa, but Owen figured it out right away. Just this room was so much better than his current accommodations or anything he saw before, other than the packhouse, of course. Wasn't something like this only one promotion away? How long will it take? A year? Five? Will Zina wait so long for him?     
Zina could feel that Owen was considering his options but was not convinced, so she decided to try a different approach. "Don't think too much about it now."     
Owen was confused. "I thought you want me to think about joining the Dark Howlers pack."     
Zina didn't want him to think about it. She wanted him to do it!     
"It is a big decision, and it shouldn't be done on the spot. For now, I want two things from you. First, I want you to keep an open mind. Second, I want you to talk to my Alpha. Alpha Damon will be here with his Luna tomorrow." Zina turned to Dawn. "We can invite Talia and Damon here, right?"     
Dawn confirmed. "I can make it happen under one condition."     
"Which one?" Zina and Owen asked in unison.     
"Until you figure out where and how you will live, don't let him mark you."     
Zina reached for the left side of her neck. That was the place where Owen's mark should come. Her eyes moved to meet Owen's and she swallowed hard. Will he sink his fangs in there to release his venom and mark her? Will that happen during steamy sex? Will she see stars in broad daylight while he rams himself inside her?     
Zina pressed her legs together and she could feel her wolf urging her to pounce on a honey-scented man in front of her. Did he taste as good as he smelled? There was only one way to find out, but Dawn was watching.     
However, Dawn's request was reasonable. Hold off with marking until they figure out the important stuff. One day, at most. How hard can that be?     
Zina often imagined what her mate will look like and now that she found him, Zina was happy and nervous and she regretted that she couldn't just jump into it without care, but Dawn was right. They shouldn't rush this.     
Zina didn't want to seal the mate bond that was getting stronger by the second, and end up miserable just because he was handsome, and he smelled edible, and she was horny.     
Normally, fated mates would do anything to make each other happy, but there were exceptions. Sometimes, people would go with their beliefs and habits, and neglect the pull. Zina didn't want to risk it. She already had a wonderful life and many friends. Leaving that behind for a man who won't treat her well was not worth it.     
"I think that's fine," Zina said to Dawn and turned to Owen. "What do you think?"     
"I agree to hold off with marking." He wouldn't mark Zina against her will anyway. It would seal the bond, but it wouldn't turn her stupid. Marking was once in a lifetime and it should be wonderful, for both of them.     
Owen's wolf was howling in his head to claim the female that belonged to them, but he also wanted to make her happy.      
"Also, I will talk to your Alpha if he wants to talk to me," Owen said. "I hope you will guide me through this. I don't want to risk offending him." Alpha Edward was unapproachable to anyone below the rank of a General, and Owen didn't know what to expect of Damon whose reputation was vicious. Damon was the most powerful Alpha and that wouldn't be the case if he was easygoing.     
Zina smiled at Owen. "Thank you."     
Sensing that Dawn relaxed, Zina focused on cleaning Owen's face.     
Little by little, Owen's features were revealed. Light brown hair in a military-style buzz cut, thick and unruly eyebrows, a few days old stubble… she frowned at the sight of purple lines and swelling on his nose, but he assured her that it will heal completely in a few days.     
Owen was handsome, but not fierce like warriors. Every curve of his face was pleasing to the eyes and inviting, and Zina wondered if that was how she saw him because he was her mate.         
Zina had difficulty looking away from his light gray eyes that stirred with endless desire. She really wanted to kiss him and much more, but Dawn was watching them. Can she ask Dawn to leave without being too obvious about it?     
"When is George coming back?" Zina asked.     
"Later," Dawn responded.     
"Don't you need to prepare something before he comes?"     
"We agreed to cook dinner together," Dawn reminded Zina.     
Zina whimpered. Dawn was doing this on purpose!     
Zina turned to Owen. "What about you? Do you have somewhere you need to be?"     
Owen froze. Was she sending him away? He didn't want to leave! His eyes lost focus for a moment. "Someone took over my unit. Can I stay with you? I can help with cooking."     
Zina would prefer that they could roll in the sheets compared to working in the kitchen, but something was better than nothing. "You know how to cook?"     
Owen shrugged. "I don't know how to cook but I can wash stuff and I am pretty good at tasting dishes."     
Zina giggled. "Alright."     
…     
George rushed home as soon as his meetings ended.     
Estelle mind-linked him that Owen didn't leave, and George was worried.     
Estelle and other Omegas working in George's villa stayed away from outsiders to avoid incessant bullying and bad treatment overall. He created a small oasis of safety in his home, and why was Owen lingering?     
What George didn't expect was to find Owen in the kitchen with Zina and Dawn.     
Owen was wearing an apron and smiling while mixing the salad like he owned the place.     
"You are back!" Dawn exclaimed when she spotted George. Normally, she would pick up his scent from the moment he entered the villa, but now the kitchen was full of aromatic dishes, so she didn't pick George's scent until he reached the kitchen.     
Dawn was about to jump on George, but she paused halfway when she realized that his mood was off. "Did something bad happen?"     
"Why is he here?"     
"I am helping my woman prepare dinner," Owen responded matter-of-factly.     
George saw red. His woman!?     
###Chapter 898: In this together (1)
Chapter 898: In this together (1)
A ferocious growl ripped from George. "What did you say!?"         
Owen frowned at George. "Did you think that enjoying with a woman is reserved only for you?"     
George's whole body twitched as his muscles rippled and his aura burst in anger.     
George's vision narrowed at Owen who was recoiling from George's aura, but Owen managed to pull Zina to stand behind him.     
George tensed in preparation to jump at the bastard in an apron when he felt a splash of cinnamon scent and a small body clinging to him.     
"Not me!" Dawn exclaimed. "He is talking about Zi!"     
George looked at Dawn with a deep frown. "What!?"     
Dawn smiled helplessly. "Can you calm down and see what's going on? Owen and Zi are mates."     
George closed his eyes and released a sharp breath while retracting his aura. "What the hell!? Is this a joke? It's not funny."     
"Why are you acting like this impacts you in any way?" Owen asked angrily and then he turned to check on Zina who assured him that she was fine.     
"This is between me and my mate," Owen said.     
George's nostrils flared. "You talk big for someone who is cooking in MY kitchen!" And Owen was wearing George's apron, damn it!     
Owen sneered. "Me in your kitchen is the least of your problems right now. Was that Alpha aura you hit me with? How come you have it?"     
Zina felt George's Alpha aura also, but she was levelheaded enough to know not to bring it up in this situation.     
"Owen, can you focus on what's important?" Zina asked.     
"Do you expect me to focus on anything other than my attacker?"     
"Attacker!" George seethed. "You are making yourself at home in MY house with MY mate, and I am the bad guy?"     
Zina stood in front of Owen and faced George. "George, I understand that your relationship with Owen is not the best, but can you try to tone down the hostility? I'm sure this can be resolved with a talk."     
George had difficulty controlling his temper. "You want me to play house with a guy who is sabotaging me for years!? Should we kiss and make up? Or do a pinky promise to be friends?"     
Dawn put her palm on George's cheek. "No one is asking you to be friends. How about just talking? There must be a way to settle this without a fight."     
George looked at Dawn and he realized she was right. It's not that he wanted to be civil with Owen, but he knew that if he hurts Owen, he will enrage Zina, and that will make Dawn not happy, and Dawn always came first.     
"Maybe we can talk about this during dinner," Dawn suggested.     
"Talk about what?" Owen asked. As he saw this, everything was fine until George came and started a ruckus. George should apologize. Why was Dawn looking at Owen?     
"For starters, you can explain why you turned on George," Dawn said. "I heard that the two of you were friends and then things changed. What made you hate him?"     
Owen paused. Should he just admit that he was jealous? He worked hard, but he couldn't catch up and everyone talked highly of George while Owen became invisible and he channeled his helplessness into anger. Owen knew that it was not fair, but he couldn't help it.     
"I don't hate him," Owen said.         
"Why are you on his case then?" Dawn asked.     
Dawn's head snapped to George as she sensed that something was off. And sure, it was, his eyes were out of focus. Someone was mind-linking him, and only a selected few had that access.     
Three long seconds later, George pressed his lips into a line. "I need to go."     
"Where?"     
"It's Alpha Edward. He wants an explanation why Ana was detained for the afternoon."     
Dawn's brows came together in worry. "Will he punish you?"     
"I don't think so." Normally, Alpha Edward wouldn't bother with these pack-squabble things, and even if he wanted some information, he would do it through the mind-link, or request a report in the morning, unless… George's attention went to Dawn and his mark on her neck. Ana definitely went to tattle on what happened, which meant that Alpha Edward found out about Dawn and Zina. Damn it!     
George looked at Owen. "You are coming with me."     
Owen was alerted. "Why me?"     
"Do you want to save your mate?"     
"Save her? From what?"     
"Come with me and you will find out," George responded.     
Dawn hugged George and turned to speak to Owen. "George has a plan. If you want this to work, you better collaborate with George, or all of us will be in trouble."     
George was touched by Dawn's trust in his abilities. He didn't have a plan. Not yet, at least. He will come up with something on the way. He had to.     
…     
Owen's anxiousness skyrocketed when he realized that they were going toward the packhouse.     
"Are we going to meet Alpha in person?" Owen asked George.     
"Yes."     
"Are we in trouble?"     
"Probably."     
Owen swallowed a mouthful of air. "You can't use me as a sacrificial lamb. I can tell Alpha about your mate and your aura and…"     
Owen groaned when George's Alpha aura pressed on him.     
What the hell? Owen was issuing empty threats to remind George that he was not without weapons. Why did George resort to violence?     
"If you rat on me, what do you think will happen to your mate?" George squeezed through his teeth and then he retracted his aura. "I will end her before Alpha Edward gets a chance to put a finger on her."     
"You won't harm Zina. She is Dawn's best friend."         
Of course, George wouldn't harm Zina, but Owen didn't know that.      
"Expose my secrets and see what I will destroy to stay alive."     
Owen didn't want to argue. With George's aura, he had no chance of winning anyway. But why was George making him go to meet Alpha Edward? "If this is about the incident at the market, Ana was after Dawn. You should thank me and not drag me into this. I'm sure you can talk it out with Alpha Edward and I can go back to my mate."     
George snorted. "Dawn and Zina are best friends since childhood. I'm sure you understood that I didn't rip your head off only because that would upset Dawn. By now, you should be certain I can defeat you without lifting a finger."     
Owen's displeasure skyrocketed. He already had an inferiority complex. George and he were about the same age, they started at the same time, yet George was a Commander while Owen was just a Lieutenant.     
Only a few years back, both of them were Lieutenants. Now, George was a Commander, while Owen's career stagnated     
George had a villa and Omegas serving him, and a mate, and even Alpha aura, while Owen… he only had a mate he still didn't claim as his. Was he even a man?     
Owen was tempted to peer into his pants to confirm that his meat whip and twins were still there or did he lose those also.     
Owen pushed his grievances down. "I won't tell Alpha about your secrets."     
"What caused this change of heart?"     
Owen didn't feel like explaining.     
###Chapter 899: In this together (2)
Chapter 899: In this together (2)
"I assume you have a plan," Owen said to George. "Will you tell me about it, or are you expecting me to just nod at whatever you say?"         
George glanced at the packhouse in the distance. "Ana believes that you stepped in to protect your mate. We will go with that. Dawn is your mate who is working in my villa."     
Owen saw so many holes in that story. "I am sleeping in the barracks. I spend days at the training grounds and with the guys, and we are not exactly close. When did I find time for a mate?"     
"Alpha Edward won't bother with details," George said with confidence. "However, if the topic arises, Dawn has a room in my villa, just like any other Omega working for me. You are spending time with her at my place. Since you don't have private quarters, it will be believable. Pick one of your missions outside the pack as the one when you met Dawn, no less than two months ago. Dawn didn't join the pack yet because she is acclimating, but you will do that formality soon and at that time you will announce her as your mate and request private quarters." George thought how that was a good story. It was more-less what he was planning to do with Dawn before he considered the risks of exposing that he had a mate. "Because Dawn didn't join our pack, I'm keeping an eye on her in my villa, to ensure she is not a spy."     
Owen was impressed with George's plan. No wonder people spoke highly about him as a Commander. But Owen had other concerns. "What about Zina?"     
"Zina is Dawn's friend and is considering joining our pack, so she is staying at my villa. She arrived today."     
"Will Alpha Edward buy it?"     
"As long as our stories match," George said, and he hoped he was right about this.     
Owen had many questions, but they were approaching the packhouse and he knew that he needed to keep those for later.     
Meeting with the Alpha was nerve-wracking.     
…     
Owen followed George into Alpha Edward's study. It was the first time for Owen to come here.     
George and Owen saluted and stood straight in front of Alpha Edward and Beta Raymond, waiting for the duo to acknowledge them.     
James was also sitting on the sofa chair. After exchanging nods with George, James returned his attention to the reports in his hands.     
George stood in front of Alpha Edward in silence. He hated this silent show of power. It was Alpha Edward's way to reinforce his position as the important one and how others need to wait for him.     
George was uneasy about Owen's presence. Owen was necessary to make George's story believable, but it could also backfire big time.     
Sure, there was a time when Owen and George were close. Actually, Owen was one of the few people George could call friends. However, those days were long gone as George became a General and Owen didn't, and since then, the rift between them was only increasing and now George didn't know where they stood.     
What if Owen says that Dawn was George's mate? What if he exposes George as an Alpha?     
In the worst case, George will fight his way out. Taking down Alpha Edward won't be a big deal. However, what about Beta Raymond and Owen? If they manage to land a single punch, it can get George out of balance. What if Alpha Edward calls for reinforcements?     
James was also there. Considering that George kept Cornelia's secret, the teen will definitely come to his aid, or at least not act against him. Probably.     
"Commander George," Alpha Edward called. "Thank you for coming here on short notice. Did I disturb your dinner?"     
George was confused by this question. "No. I didn't get a chance to eat."     
"That makes us even," Alpha Edward said and when he saw that George didn't understand, he explained, "You detained an Omega who is organizing our meals, so our dinner is late. I hear your Omegas are capable. Should I ask them to work in the packhouse and serve high-ranking members?"     
George was not sure if Alpha Edward was serious or if this was some kind of test, but George's answer was the same.     
"Are you telling me that this whole packhouse relies on one Omega? I will be glad to lend you my Omegas, but I will say in advance that you can't keep them, no matter how good their cooking is."     
Alpha Edward narrowed his eyes at George. "Will you fight me over a few Omegas?"         
"Not a few. Only one. Estelle is with me for a long time, and she knows my preferences when it comes to food. I'm not sure if her cooking will suit your taste. An Omega of her age is not easy to learn new recipes."     
Alpha Edward stared at George for a long second, and then he chuckled. "Let's stop with this nonsense and tell me why you disturbed the rhythm of the packhouse over a spat between Omegas at the market."     
"I'm sure you heard what happened."     
"I want to hear it from you."     
George told what he prepared in advance. How his Omegas were shopping for ingredients, and Ana got in their way.     
"They are my Omegas, and it would look bad on me if I let others prevent them from completing their tasks."     
"Your Omegas?" Alpha Edward asked. "And are you saying that your Omegas are above mine?"     
"I didn't realize she was yours, Alpha," George responded right away. "I thought she worked in the packhouse, which meant that she works for the pack."     
George could see that this won't work, so he switched to plan B.     
"The thing is that one of those Omegas is Lieutenant Owen's mate. He saw his mate in trouble and his wolf took over."     
Alpha Edward was eyeing Owen who was quick to lower his head.     
"Alpha," George called. "If this was an argument between two warriors, I would tell them to take it outside the market. Lieutenant Owen warned Ana that she should step away from his mate, yet she refused. After that, I asked warriors to detain her. I did it to teach her obedience. Omega can't go against a warrior. It was a policy we always enforced. Is this something worth your time? I am aware of rules and I did what's best for the given situation."     
Alpha Edward nodded after a long second and George felt like a big burden fell off his chest. In the next moment, Alpha Edward spoke again, and George's insides tightened.     
"I hear that there was a new face present as well."     
"Yes, we have a guest…" George told the story of how the newcomer (aka Zina) is an Omega from a small pack and is considering joining the Red Moon pack because Dawn is her friend.     
"It is nice of you to keep two Omegas in your house for observation," Alpha Edward said.     
"I do what I can, just like anyone else in this pack."     
Alpha Edward approved. "Did you hear that, Raymond? This should be spread so that no one dares to question if George became a Commander too soon. This type of dedication and loyalty is difficult to find."     
George lowered his head. "Your words honor me, Alpha."     
Alpha Edward turned to look at Owen. "I guess I should congratulate you on finding your mate, Lieutenant Owen. When will I get to meet her?" Before Owen could respond, Alpha Edward was talking again, "How about you join us at the event tomorrow? Make sure to bring your mate's friend as well…"     
###Chapter 900: In this together (3)
Chapter 900: In this together (3)
Owen and George walked back to George's villa, and Owen's mind was spinning.         
"How are we going to pull through tomorrow's event?" Owen asked. "Are you really expecting me to go there with your mate? What about mine?"     
George was lost in his thoughts, and he tuned out Owen. Owen was a good warrior, but his go-to solutions to almost any problem were physical altercations. A typical werewolf.     
While they were in the study, George knew that James was paying attention. And he hoped that James had some ideas on how to deal with this because George had none. Unfortunately, they played right into Alpha Edward's hands and now Dawn and Zina were stuck with going to the party to be exposed… in front of Alpha Edward and many other lecherous bastards.     
The moment George realized that Alpha Edward got his way, George wanted to ask James for advice, but he couldn't risk Alpha Edward noticing they were communicating through the pack link. It would only bring James into this whole mess.     
To make things worse, Beta Reymond suggested that Nora comes tomorrow to George's villa to help Dawn and Zina prepare for the event.     
How will Dawn react when she finds out that she should come to James' birthday party as Owen's mate? George knew that the upcoming event will be stress-inducing, but he had no idea it will be this much!     
Owen was nervous. Why was George silent? How was he supposed to go to a party with another man's mate and act lovey-dovey when his fiery Goddess will be right there!? If George said that the blonde was his mate, they wouldn't find themselves in this sticky web of lies.     
"Why didn't you tell Alpha about Dawn?" Owen asked.     
Dawn's name got George's attention. "Are you forgetting who Alpha Edward is?"     
"What do you mean?"     
"Do you think I want to expose Dawn's existence and give him a chance to take her to bed?"     
Owen's face fell. "He wouldn't…"     
"He would! He already did it many times! Alpha Edward doesn't care if someone is mated or willing. He will use his position and take what he wants, and your options are to submit or to suffer the consequences of going against your Alpha!" George shoved a hand into his hair angrily. "Fuck! I will be damned if I let him put a finger on my mate!"     
Owen pressed his lips into a line. His mood was dropping with every next step he took. George was visibly upset about this, but what hit Owen hard was that if someone like Commander George can't protect his mate, how will lowly Lieutenant Owen achieve that? Maybe he really didn't deserve a mate.     
Owen remembered one thing. "Alpha Damon will be here tomorrow. We can talk to him and…"     
"And what?" George interrupted him. "Are you expecting him to back you up and risk provoking Alpha Edward?"     
"Are you saying that we are alone in this?"     
"WE?" George snapped. "How bold of you to assume that we are in this together. For the last few years, every time I see you, you are either talking shit or trying to make me look bad. Do you think I will stick my neck out in order to help you?"     
Owen extended his next two steps so that he can get in George's way and force him to stop walking.     
"Listen, George… I fucked up. OK? I know I am at fault here. Tell me, how can we fix this? I mean, no matter how much you dislike me, the reality is that we need to collaborate because Alpha is expecting me to show up at that party tomorrow with YOUR mate by my side. Unless you are planning to challenge Alpha Edward's authority, you need to hide her. Are you going to send her to the Dark Howlers pack? Send me with her." And Zina as well. The females already told him that Alpha Damon is accepting newcomers.     
George knew that Owen's point was valid, but he was not in the right state of mind to make reasonable decisions.     
George stepped to the side and moved around Owen. "Let's talk about it later."     
"Later? We don't have time," Owen protested while rushing to catch up with George.     
"And I have no ideas," George admitted. "Unless you have something good, we will wait."     
"Wait, for what?"         
George didn't respond. What were they waiting for? A divine intervention?      
Owen's face was arranged into a deep frown as he followed after George.     
Owen was trying to come up with options, but he knew there were only two. Submit to Alpha Edward or run. Anything else would result in his death or going into the dungeon and Owen was not keen on any of those.     
Was Owen ready to leave the Red Moon pack? If he wanted to stay with his mate, he needed to make that decision sooner than he thought. Can he uproot his life for a person he met only a few hours ago? They didn't even kiss! But she was his other half, and she was beautiful and kind and funny, and… Owen was unsure of what to do.     
…     
"George!"     
A scream was heard the moment George opened the door of his villa and Dawn-bullet ran to him.     
George's grumpiness melted away when the petite cinnamon-scented blonde hung on him like a koala.     
George never imagined that a silly and loud female could make him feel at home, yet here was Dawn, clinging onto him and rubbing her face on the side of his neck, and he tightened his hold on her in a desire to merge with her completely and never separate.     
Owen stared at the scene in front of him. Did he ever see George smile before? Owen didn't remember.     
Dawn giggled as George planted kisses all over the place and Owen had difficulty looking away.      
"Did Alpha Edward bully you?"     
Owen whipped his head to see Zina approaching him. He wished that Zina jumped on him, just as Dawn did on George, but he knew that their relationship was not at that stage. He didn't mark her, claim her, kiss her, or… he didn't do anything. Will he ever be able to walk with Zina by his side and his chin raised proudly?     
Zina put her hand on Owen's cheek, and he leaned into her spark-infused touch that had the power to dispel all his worries.     
Owen stared into Zina's blue eyes that smiled at him and the world faded as he realized that her scent of chamomile was more distinct than before. When they met the first time, it was in the market that was filled with scents, and then his nose was filled with blood, and the kitchen had various spices, but now he was confident that he didn't imagine it. Zina smelled of chamomile.     
Owen loved eating and drinking chamomile and he would always pluck a few flowers when available or have a few dried ones in his pocket. Can he put Zina in his pocket?     
"Owen? … Owen?"     
Zina's voice reached him, and he blinked into reality.     
"Sorry, did you say something?"     
"I asked, did Alpha Edward give you a hard time?"     
Owen didn't want to lie, but he couldn't say anything that would make Zina worry.     
What if Zina hears about trouble and says that he was not worth it, and she leaves? Or what if she likes the idea of going into Alpha Edward's grasp? His stomach cramped painfully at this last thought.     
###Chapter 901: Dinner full of surprises (1)
Chapter 901: Dinner full of surprises (1)
"Dinner must be cold by now," George said to Dawn. He knew that she loved cooking for him, and because of Alpha Edward, it was ruined.         
"Food is fine," Dawn assured George. "We kept it in the oven on warm, and the salad is in the fridge. I told Estelle and others to take the rest of the evening off. Zi and I will set up everything. You can head to the dining room. Do you want a drink while you wait? Or would you rather shower first?"     
George shook his head. "I don't want you to serve me. Owen and I will help."     
Dawn was surprised to hear George volunteer to work in the kitchen. It was one thing when it was just the two of them, and Zina was fine, but she considered Owen as an outsider.     
The Red Moon pack was patriarchal with jobs strictly divided into male and female even for Omegas. Household chores like cleaning and cooking were assigned to females, while males would work outside on more "manly" tasks.     
"What would warriors think if they see their Commander working in the kitchen?" Dawn asked George in a hushed tone.     
George side-glanced at Owen. "I found one warrior in my kitchen working on a salad. I'm sure he won't mind setting up the table. If he dares to talk about this, I will tell people how an apron suits him." And that was George's apron! He will need to wash it, so it doesn't smell of Owen. George would throw it away, but it was a gift from Dawn. Why did Dawn allow another guy to wear it?     
No matter how George looked at Owen, he disliked him more by the minute.     
Owen never participated in the activity of setting up the dinner table, but he followed Zina and did what she told him to do.     
To Owen, everything was novel and he moved about in a daze, hoping that he won't break something or make a mess and embarrass himself in front of Zina.     
Owen's hands were full of spoons, forks, and knives, and he was arranging them on the dining table when he noticed an unexpected person at the door.     
"Young Alpha James!" Owen exclaimed with panic.     
Why was the young Alpha here? That can't be good! What if he sees Zina? Did James follow them to George's villa, or did he come on some other business? Did Alpha Edward send him?     
James tilted his head while observing Owen who was standing frozen and staring at him.     
James was not aware that Owen and George were this close. Actually, James was surprised when George appeared with Owen in Alpha Edward's study.     
James recoiled when George nudged him from the back.     
"You are blocking the way," George grumbled. "Why are you here?"     
"Thanks to you, my dinner is late, so I came to eat here."     
George shouted into the hallway, "Dawn! We have a freeloader for dinner!"     
A second later, Dawn shouted back, "There are no such things as freeloaders in our house! If someone wants food they need to come and get it!"     
George turned to James. "You heard her. Go into the kitchen and grab a plate and utensils for yourself. Don't expect to eat for free."     
Owen observed this exchange with his eyes wide open. What did he just see? Did George boss James around? And James did as he was told without complaining!     
Owen knew that George was James' tutor, but they were always politely distanced and why did this give such a homey feel?     
George put a pot with the soup on the table and looked at Owen who didn't move.     
"Why are you frozen?"     
"Is young Alpha James going to eat with us?"         
"Yes," George responded, and he cocked an eyebrow at Owen. "Really? You just found out that I'm hiding my mate and that I have an Alpha aura, and James coming to dinner is surprising?"     
Owen had to admit that George's words made sense. What can be more shocking compared to George being a hidden Alpha? They practically grew up together, and Owen had no idea!     
Owen was itchy to find out about George's background and how come he and James were so close, but he didn't dare ask about any of it.     
'Why is that bozo here?' James' voice sounded in George's mind.     
George chuckled. Somehow, James' irritation made George feel better. 'That bozo is Zina's mate.'     
James appeared at the door of the dining room with two plates and utensils in his hands and his scrutinizing gaze settled on Owen.     
"Zina is your mate?"     
"Yes, young Alpha James," Owen responded stiffly. Talking to George came naturally because they knew each other from a young age, but James was up in the hierarchy, second only to the Alpha, and Owen was unsure how to talk to the youngster without offending him.     
"Is he a liability?" James asked George and Owen's insides tightened.     
"Unless he wants to be mateless, he is with us," George responded.     
James cocked an eyebrow. "How far?"     
"I'm not sure yet," George responded honestly.     
James hummed ambiguously and resumed arranging plates and utensils with utmost care.     
Owen's emotions stabilized when Zina showed up at the door with a big bowl of salad. He made that! Owen loved the way Zina smiled at him. He could look at that smile the whole day and not get bored of it.     
Another figure appeared at the door and Owen gaped at the sight of James walking there, hugging the female, and kissing her like no one was watching.     
"Can you keep your greetings short?" Dawn asked James and Cornelia while shimmying into the room past them. "We are all starving."     
"You can start without us," James said with a smile in his voice and then he kissed Cornelia again.     
Dawn waved at others to sit. "This can take a while."     
Owen was not sure if he could handle more surprises in one day. What did he get himself into? Who was the female? Was that a mark on her neck?     
Zina tugged Owen's shirt and he realized that he was staring. He quickly sat on a chair and then he sprung up to stand and hold a chair for Zina to sit on.     
Zina giggled. Owen was so awkward and adorable, and she wanted to hug and kiss him until tomorrow. And longer, much longer.     
Owen observed another strange thing, George didn't wait to be served. It was custom that Omegas will serve others, yet George was reaching for the bowls and trays, and… George was putting food on Dawn's plate!     
Owen realized that he was overwhelmed by a desire to feed Zina. Will she allow it? Well, there was only one way to find out.     
Owen put one chicken drumstick on Zina's plate and they both stared at it for a moment before looking at each other.      
"Is this OK?" Owen asked apprehensively.          
"Sure," Zina responded.     
"Macaroni or Ceasar salad?"     
"Both," Zina said and Owen took that as an OK to put more food on her plate.     
Owen focused mightily on getting food for Zina while trying to ignore the couple that was engaged in kissing only a few steps away.      
It was not the first time Owen to see people kissing, but his mate was right next to him! Zina smelled amazing and she looked even better and he wanted to kiss her, yet he couldn't! Damn it!     
###Chapter 902: Dinner full of surprises (2) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 902: Dinner full of surprises (2) [Bonus chapter]
James broke the kiss, and he enjoyed the sight of Cornelia slowly opening her eyes to meet his. No matter how hard his day was, the thought of Cornelia in his arms made it all better.         
Cornelia was absolutely dazed by James' attack on her senses. She hated that he kissed her deeply in front of others, but she couldn't complain because she was aware of how, unless they were in danger, James would focus only on her, and she loved that part of him. She loved every part of him.     
While thinking about dangers, Cornelia had to ask, "Jay, who is the new face?"     
"Zina's mate," James responded.     
Normally, Cornelia would congratulate Zina, but this was not a normal situation, so she had to ask, "Is it OK for me to be here? Can we trust him?"     
When Cornelia saw Owen, she froze at the door, and before she could ask who the newcomer was, James was already kissing her.     
James smiled, happy that his chocolate-colored Goddess was in front of him, and he could feel her body pressing on his while her flavors of wild berries filled his system. The only thing that could make this better was if they were naked, but that will also happen, later. Would James allow anyone to jeopardize this? Not a chance.     
"If that guy dares to say anything that shouldn't be said, I will kill him."     
Owen stiffened at James' words. Were they talking about him? It sounded like it.     
Owen was not surprised that Alpha Edward's son would talk about killing like it's a totally normal thing, but he couldn't believe that Cornelia was looking at James with hearts in her eyes like he said the most romantic thing in the world.      
James and Cornelia joined them at the table and Owen didn't miss that James got busy feeding Cornelia which only confirmed Owen's suspicion: they were not just dating. They were mates! But, how was that possible? Wasn't James underage?     
Nothing made sense anymore and Owen decided to give up on thinking.     
He poked a bite-sized piece of roasted potato and offered it to Zina who obediently opened her mouth.     
Every next moment brought another surprise, and Owen was now surprised by the sense of pride and accomplishment that swelled within him because Zina accepted the food he was giving her.  It was his first time feeding someone, and it was such a simple thing. Why did it feel like it was important?      
"How come you are here for dinner?" Zina asked Cornelia.     
The witch would usually eat at the Dark Howlers pack and leave later in the evening when James was done with his duties.     
Cornelia smiled at James while responding to Zina, "Jay texted me that he will be having dinner here, so…" She couldn't say more because James stuffed a spoonful of soup into her mouth which was quickly followed by a piece of dinner roll.     
Owen remembered that James was setting up two additional plates. At that time Owen didn't think much of it, but now it made sense. Owen concluded that even young Alphas were not immune from the desire to serve their mates.     
"Congrats on finding your mate," Cornelia said to Zina.     
Zina glanced sheepishly at Owen. Was it too early to accept congratulations? But Owen was looking at her and she could feel his heart cracking with every second she remained silent, and her heart cracked as well when she realized that those were his insecurities.     
"Thank you, Cora," Zina said. "It all happened so quickly that I'm still processing it."     
"Take your time," Cornelia said. "You are mates and that won't change no matter how long you take to settle into it. Your heart knows best, but sometimes your mind needs to accept the adjustment. Only when they are in sync will you truly be at ease. Not everyone allows their impulses to take over thoughtlessly and gets marked the moment they see their mate."     
Dawn felt that this was a jab directed at her. "And not everyone waits for a month!"     
Cornelia's eyes flashed. "Why are you assuming that everyone is horny like you?"     
James and George stiffened. Why were Dawn and Cornelia bickering about mating? If this resulted in no sex, they will be the ones suffering!     
Zina burst into giggles when she noticed James' and George's panicked expressions. "Maybe you should take that back, Cora, as most of the people here are horny."         
Dawn cocked an eyebrow at Zina. "Are you talking about yourself?"     
Zina couldn't believe that Dawn called her out like that in front of Owen. "Mind your own business!"     
"But you are my business, Zi. Until you figure out living arrangements, keep your hands to yourself."     
"You shouldn't worry about their hands," George said.     
"Living arrangements shouldn't be a problem," Cornelia said and turned to Zina. "Until you figure out things, you can always do how Jay and I are doing."     
Zina's eyes lit up. Cornelia's suggestion made sense. Like that, she could work in the Dark Howlers pack, and Owen would do whatever he does during the day, and they could meet for the night. It was not perfect, but it would work until they find a permanent solution.     
Dawn raised her hand to get everyone's attention. "You are assuming that we will dedicate a guest bedroom for Owen and Zi. And you are forgetting that after a few trips you will be tired of shuttling Zi around. How often will your schedules match?"     
"Will a room for Owen and I be a problem?" Zina asked.     
Dawn rolled her eyes. "It's not that simple. James was close to George before, so no one suspected a few additional trips. However, Owen and George are not exactly friendly. If their interaction changes suddenly, people will start asking questions and snooping around. You already know that if they look into this, they will find more than they bargained for. This is not the Dark Howlers pack, Zi. The slightest mistake will put all of us in danger."     
Dawn saw that Zina's expression fell, so she added pleadingly, "Zi, you know that I'm thinking about what's best for you."     
"Thank you," Zina said curtly. "I wonder how you would react if I was in the room when you saw George and realized he was your mate. What if I stood in front of you and told you to stay back because he is from the Red Moon pack?"     
Dawn knew that Zina had a point, but there were many things Zina didn't know.     
"Let's not talk about it now," James said, making both Dawn and Zina look his way. He gestured toward Owen and George. "Since you are discussing this small stuff, I assume that your mates didn't tell you what happened in my father's office."     
Dawn was alarmed. "What happened?"     
"We will talk about it after dinner," George said. He didn't want grim topics to spoil his appetite, even though it was already spoiled because Dawn was restless.     
George knew that Dawn was worried about him, and it was killing him from the inside. He was an Alpha, why was his mate living in fear?     
In moments like these, George was wondering if his revenge was worth it. Wouldn't it be better to disappear with Dawn to a place where Alpha Edward won't find them? It would be just the two of them, and it would be wonderful.     
###Chapter 903: Plans without trust (1)
Chapter 903: Plans without trust (1)
After dinner, George, Dawn, Zina, Owen, Cornelia, and James worked together to clean up the table and kitchen, and then they went to George's study.         
No matter how much George trusted Omegas working in his villa, he didn't want anyone to know more than necessary.     
George sat in his leather chair behind the executive desk and Dawn settled on his lap. His arms snaked around Dawn's waist, and he rested his chin on her shoulder.     
James sat on the sofa chair and Cornelia squeezed next to him sideways so that her legs rested over James' thighs. James put his hands on Cornelia's knees, his thumbs moved to caress her gently and she leaned on him completely.     
Owen and Zina were on the sofa and Owen realized that there was a distance between them. Should he get close to Zina, or pull her toward him? What if she hates it? He really didn't know what to do.     
Zina felt the same awkwardness as Owen, and those two couples cuddling didn't make her situation more comfortable.     
Owen jolted when he felt something warm on his hand. It was Zina's fingers, silently asking to be held. Owen slowly moved his hand, and Zina's palm slid over his until their fingers interlaced naturally.     
Owen stared at their connected hands, the invisible sparks of their bond danced there, making him tingly all over. He slowly raised his gaze to meet Zina's blue eyes smiling at him. He really wanted to kiss her and somehow... he knew that she wanted the same.     
George cleared his throat to get everyone's attention, bursting Owen's and Zina's lovey-dovey bubble and reminding them that they had important matters to discuss.      
George narrated what happened in Alpha Edward's study.     
As expected, Dawn and Zina were concerned about the potential consequences. Both females attended many parties, but now they had mates and they will be mismatched and potentially preyed upon. The worst thing was that the culture of the Red Moon pack dictated how Omegas don't retaliate. It was not something Zina and Dawn wanted to go through.     
"What should we do?" Dawn asked while her eyes moved from George to James.     
Zina and Owen were confused to see that George was looking at James also.     
Zina was aware that the youngster was mated to Cornelia, and that he had a positive relationship with Alpha Damon, but nothing beyond that. As for Owen, he knew that James was the young Alpha of the Red Moon pack, and that was mostly it; the rest were Owen's assumptions based on Alpha Edward's reputation which was not good.     
"You should go to the event," James said to Dawn and Zina.     
"Can't we avoid it?" Dawn asked.     
James shook his head. "Women are one of the top three things my father takes notice of. If you don't show up, he will seek Lieutenant Owen at what point he needs to have a very good explanation as to why you didn't come." James looked at Owen. "No matter what explanation you give him, the fact is that two Omegas didn't show up when explicitly asked for them. You will be punished."     
Owen had to ask. "Punished? How?"     
James shrugged. "It will depend on my father's mood. Demotion. Dungeon. He might make an example of you."     
Zina sucked in a sharp breath. "That bad?"     
"My father will see that as Lieutenant Owen rebelling against Alpha orders. What does Alpha Damon do with traitors?"     
Zina's hold on Owen's hand tightened. Sure, traitors don't have a good ending, but Alpha Damon doesn't classify as treason when a woman misses a party.     
"What if we leave the pack?" Owen asked.     
James was surprised by this question. "You want to flee? Disown the pack? What do you think my father will do when he realizes you ghosted him? He might think that you were attacked, kidnapped, or that you ran away. In any of those cases, he will look for an explanation."     
Owen couldn't believe this. "Are you saying that the only way out of this is if I attend the party with someone else's mate and pretend that she is mine? What about my mate? Should I stand on the side and watch other males breathe down her neck?"      
James raised his hand, indicating to Owen to calm down. "It will be a big party with a lot of people. My father won't do anything despicable in front of guests." He turned to Cornelia. "Especially not guests from the Midnight Guardians pack."         
Cornelia understood where James was going with this. "You want me to keep an eye on them?" She turned to Dawn and Zina. "We can take turns. Talia, Mindy, and Sandy will also be there. If we notify Kalina and Tatiana, I'm sure they will cooperate as well."     
Since Maya and Caden were staying in the Dark Howlers pack to protect it in case rogues attack, Mindy was the next in line to go as Luna Talia's aide, and she would come with Gideon who was not happy to go, but he couldn't leave Mindy to go on her own either. As for Sandy, she will come with Tyler, as Alpha Natalia's Gammas. Normally, Meg and Kai would accompany Talia from the Midnight Guardians pack, but Meg was pregnant, and Talia didn't want to expose her to potential risks.     
George liked James' plan. "With females staying in groups, no one will dare to act out of line."     
Owen was still not pacified but he saw that Zina relaxed a bit, so he decided to keep his mouth shut. He didn't want to be a worrywart.      
"Don't forget that Nora will come in the afternoon to help your mates get ready for the party," James said before asking, "Are we done here?" He was eager to go with Cornelia to their room.     
George had a question, "Is there something we should know about tomorrow's event?"     
James shrugged. "You are one of the guys in charge of security. You probably know more than I do."     
James didn't care about his birthday celebration. Cornelia will attend as a special advisor to Alpha Natalia, and James will look for every opportunity to stick to his mate. Other than that, nothing else mattered.     
Before leaving, James gestured toward Owen and spoke to George. "I suggest you don't leave him out of your sight." James reached into his pant pocket and threw a small bottle at George. "You should feed him this. One pill will prevent him from using the pack-link for twenty-four hours."     
George nodded in understanding. If Owen can't use pack-link, he can't betray them sneakily. James really thought of everything.     
Once James and Cornelia left the study, Zina shifted in her seat. "It seems it's time for sleep."     
Zina was worried about the upcoming party, but that was far in the future because she had a full day until then and her mate was right next to her, holding her hand, handsome, edible, and smelling of honey. How could she focus on anything other than Owen?     
"Where will you sleep?" Dawn asked.     
Before Zina could respond, George spoke, "How about you girls talk outside? I want a word with Owen in private."     
Dawn was happy to hear George suggest this. Dawn wanted to tell many things to Zina, but she didn't want to embarrass Zina in front of her mate who was visibly confused with everything that happened in the last few hours.     
Owen didn't like that Zina left his visual range and George frowning at him didn't make things better.     
###Chapter 904: Plans without trust (2)
Chapter 904: Plans without trust (2)
George threw the bottle of pills at Owen which the latter caught with the flick of his wrist.         
"Take one," George said with finality.     
Owen didn't like the obvious show of distrust, but if the roles were reversed, Owen would do the same. He didn't want to fuss about it. If George or James wanted to harm him, they would do it already.     
Owen took one white pill and placed it on his tongue for George to see, and then he swallowed it.     
"Are you going to ask me to leave?" Owen asked George after returning the bottle with the remaining pills.     
"That would be for the best," George said. "However, considering what you know, I can't afford leaving you out of my sight."     
"You don't trust me."     
"Do you trust me?" George responded with a question.     
Owen puffed his cheeks. George was right. They had no reason to trust each other. Owen was acting like an ass for years and a simple sorry won't fix it. "Now what?"     
George didn't have a long-term solution. If this was anyone else, he would just snap his neck and eliminate the threat. It wouldn't be the first time for people to have a deadly accident after finding out things they shouldn't know about. However, Owen was Zina's mate and George needed to be less murderous. "You will spend the night in this villa, in the room where you woke up."     
"What about Zina?" Owen asked.     
Owen was looking forward to some alone time with his fiery Goddess. At the same time, he was dreading that alone time. What if he messes it up?     
George saw many guys ruining what could be a harmonious mate relationship. He didn't care about those before meeting Dawn, but she showed him that females have a voice and are capable and that he shouldn't force his will without considering what she wants.      
Zina was Dawn's best friend and George remembered Damon's warnings when his bond with Dawn was fresh. At that time, George thought that Damon was unreasonable, but later George confirmed that Damon was right.      
With that in mind, George thought of giving advice to Owen.     
"Zina comes from the Dark Howlers pack. There, females are equal to males. When your mate stands in front of you, it doesn't matter if she is an Omega or Alpha's daughter. As your mate, she is your other half. Mistreating her is mistreating yourself. Do you understand?"     
Nope. Owen didn't understand. "What are you getting at?"     
"I want you to respect Zina's wishes. Respect her boundaries. I know that the pull of the bond is urging you to get closer, but don't force it. If she is not comfortable, give her time."     
"Is that what you did with Dawn?"     
George didn't want to talk about Marcy, but there were things he could say. "Dawn is my second chance mate, and she knew it. I needed to convince her and myself that I will be a good mate. Don't assume that Zina can read your mind. She can feel your emotions, but without context, it's just confusing. If you want something, tell her."     
OK. This part made sense. Owen had to ask, "And you are telling me this because…?"     
"Because Zina is Dawn's best friend. If you make Zina sad, Dawn won't get off my case. I push through each day because Dawn is at the end of it waiting for me. If she is not happy, my happy will be spoiled also. Don't mess up, or I will mess you up."     
This time, Owen was confident that George was serious.     
"I will do my best. But…"     
"But?"     
"How do I know I'm doing the right thing?"         
George thought for a moment before responding, "Listen to Zina and listen to your wolf. In that order."     
Dawn peeked to check if George and Owen were done talking.     
George and Dawn lingered on the landing of the second floor, waiting for Zina and Owen to say their goodnight because Zina's and Owen's rooms were in opposite directions.     
Zina glanced at George and Dawn and then she turned to Owen.     
"I feel like a teen on my first date and my parents are watching."     
Owen's eyebrows came together in a frown. "You had your first date as a teen?"     
"Not really. But I saw that in movies," Zina said quickly. Was he disapproving because she mentioned early dating, or because werewolves don't date?      
Owen's expression relaxed. "So… what happens next in movies?"     
Zina's eyes darted to Owen's lips, and she realized that her mouth went dry. Will she chicken out now? She was a grown woman, for crying out loud! But why was Owen not making a move? Surely, he kissed girls before… or did he?     
"Owen," Zina called. "Do you want me to initiate our first kiss?"     
Yes! No, no! Owen was glad that Zina couldn't read his mind because she would see them naked right there in that hallway with her pinned against the wall and him ramming himself inside her.     
Owen swallowed hard. Did Zina ask something? Yes, about a kiss... "How about we do it together?"     
Zina puckered her lips and closed her eyes, and she got on her toes while Owen leaned lower… and Zina frowned when she felt some weird texture.     
Zina's eyes snapped open, and she couldn't believe that she was kissing Dawn's hand.     
"Dawn!" Zina shouted in protest.     
"Sorry, Zi. If you start kissing, you won't be able to stop," Dawn said. "Say goodnight and let's go."     
"I don't want to say goodnight!" Zina whined.     
When Dawn and Zina talked outside the study, Dawn told Zina that it would be for the best for Zina and Owen to spend the night apart and use that time to think about their situation and potential solutions. It would also remove the possibility of Owen marking Zina before they were ready. A mark on Zina's neck would be a bad thing at tomorrow's party.     
At that time, Zina thought how Dawn made sense and she agreed, and also, Zina didn't want to prolong the conversation and her time apart from Owen. Yes, Zina agreed to spend her night alone, but now that it came to executing it, Zina realized how she didn't want to do it.      
Zina didn't want to part with Owen. Period!     
Dawn grabbed Zina's arm. "See you in the morning, Owen. You know where your room is. Don't try anything funny, we have cameras around the villa and in the hallways!"     
Owen watched helplessly as Dawn dragged Zina away and he could see Zina looking at him with longing.     
Owen released a long breath and looked up. There it was. A camera. Dawn was not lying.     
The most frustrating thing was that George was standing there with his hands behind his back, and he didn't to Dawn dragging Zina away! Now what?     
Owen turned around and dragged his legs to his room. It was the room where Zina tended to his wounds.         
He sat on the bed and buried his face into the comforter where Zina was sitting previously. Her scent of chamomile still lingered there.     
Why did he allow Dawn to drag Zina away!? If he stood up for himself and his mate, now he would be hugging his chamomile-infused fiery Goddess instead of fisting the comforter. Damn it!     
###Chapter 905: Sneaking at night (1)
Chapter 905: Sneaking at night (1)
"Why are you treating me like a child?" Zina hissed at Dawn when Dawn closed the door behind them.         
"Didn't we agree to this?"     
"I changed my mind," Zina snapped. "You know how long I was waiting for my mate." Longer than Dawn because Zina was older!     
Zina didn't think much about being unmated before, but in the last few months, Zina got to see all of her friends finding their mates, Dawn included. Zina was lonely and she wondered if the Moon Goddess was punishing her for something, and now that she finally found her other half, Dawn wanted her to stay away?      
"I know what you are going through," Dawn said. "But I also know that the situation is messy. Can you trust me on this, Zi?"     
"You are keeping me away from my mate and I should go with it because you asked me to? What kind of logic is that?"     
"Don't do it for me. Do it for yourself," Dawn said. "Owen won't think about what's best for you because he doesn't know better than this. He probably considers keeping you here and hiding you under a blanket. Will you be OK stuck here waiting for Owen until he can give you a few hours of his day? How long will that last? Even if you go with Cornelia to the Dark Howlers pack, that's only a temporary solution. Let him work for it, Zi. Don't you want to see if Owen is committed to being with you?"     
"How will I find out anything if we are separated?"     
"If he can't figure out a way around a few obstacles, he won't stand up for you when it counts. The relationship doesn't work because of the bond. It works because mates are fighting for each other no matter who the enemy is. Let him fight for you."     
Zina paused. "You are testing him?"     
Dawn smiled a little. "You should be the one testing him, but I know that due to the mate bond, the only thing on your mind is sex with the guy who came out of nowhere in a crowded market to defend you while shouting how you are his woman."     
Zina was not sure if she should bicker or agree with Dawn because Dawn was right, but it didn't sound right either. Why did she need to stay away from Owen? Why can't they figure out things together?     
Dawn gave Zina a hug, wished her a good night, and left with, "Don't you dare go to his room, Zi. We have cameras everywhere. If you step out of this room, I will know about it."     
Zina glared at the closed door for a long time before plopping on the bed and staring at the ceiling.     
After hearing Dawn's full explanation, Zina feel a bit better, but she really wanted that goodnight kiss, damn it!     
And what if Owen doesn't fight for her? What if he stays in his room and submits to George, and later to Alpha Edward? Would she want to be with a guy who would bow in front of obstacles? Did she have the right to expect Owen to put himself in danger for her?     
Zina hoped that Owen would appear at the door and then Zina would jump on him, just how Dawn jumped on George when he came home that evening.     
…     
Minutes trickled away and Owen realized that he won't be able to sleep. His wolf was restless, urging him to seek mate. But George told him to stay put and… Owen sat up abruptly.     
George didn't tell him to stay away from Zina. He told him to listen to Zina and to his wolf, and how Owen saw this, Zina wanted to be with him, and his wolf wanted the same.     
The only problems were the cameras and not alerting George and Dawn. How can he get to Zina without being noticed?     
Owen's sight moved to the window, and he got an idea.     
No matter how many security cameras George had, he wouldn't have them pointing at the building. Owen gave himself a mental pat on the back. It was brilliant!     
One minute later…     
Owen gripped the windowsill while inching stealthily along the fa?ade of George's villa, moving from one window to another and listening to the smallest sounds. He sniffed the air to confirm if his chamomile-infused mate was there. With any luck, the light will be on, and he could see her clearly.     
He didn't know on what side of the building Zina's room was, but he was determined to keep circling and peeking in until he finds her. As long as he didn't bump into George and Dawn, it will be fine.         
Owen was a few windows in when he heard shuffling in the room. He put his ear close to the window, careful that his head is not creating a shadow when…     
"Oh, James…"     
Owen recoiled when he realized that was Cornelia and the low growl was definitely from James! How did he forget about those two? It was obvious James and Cornelia were going at it and that made Owen a super-peeper!     
Forget about George! If James catches him dangling off that window, Owen was dead meat!     
Owen's only concern was to get as far as possible from that window. How many windows per room? Two? Three? Owen jumped to the next one, and the next one, and his stomach tightened when someone grabbed his wrist and yanked him inside.     
What the hell!?     
As an experienced warrior, Owen immediately rolled into a crouch and was about to jump on his attacker when he realized that the room he found himself in was infused with chamomile.     
Zina quickly closed the window and turned to face Owen. She was sitting in the dimly lit room, hoping that Owen will come to the door. She didn't expect him to come through the window, but the moment she heard some noise there, she knew it was him. She opened the window and hoisted him inside and here they were. Alone. Finally.     
"You came," she said.     
"I did," Owen responded while getting up.     
"Why?"     
"Don't you want me to be here?"     
Of course, she did! "What will we do if George or Dawn catch you here?"     
Owen's insides shook. She said WE, and that 'we' meant the world to him.     
"I don't care," Owen responded while stalking toward Zina.     
"You don't?" Zina asked in a high-pitched voice as her nerves were acting up. In this dimly lit room, shadows danced over Owen's features, making him mysterious and super handsome, and Zina was not sure what to expect.      
Owen stopped when there was only a fraction between them. "The only thing I care about is right here and right now. With you." He was incapable of thinking about anything else.     
Zina was confident that she never heard anything so romantic.     
"What about tomorrow?"     
"I don't know what tomorrow brings, but I know it will be with you."     
Zina also wanted to be with him, but the Red Moon pack became prickly uncomfortable, and the incoming event made it worse. "What if we can't be here?"     
"Did I mention a location?"     
"You didn't." Did that mean he was considering leaving the Red Moon pack?     
"I didn't," Owen confirmed. "Where is not important. Now that I've met you, a future without you is not possible, and I am willing to put my life on the line to ensure no one gets between us. I want to be with you, and I want to make you happy. I don't have much, but whatever I have, it's yours." He would do anything in order to ensure she continues smiling at him.     
Owen licked his lips nervously before asking, "Zina of the Dark Howlers pack, do you accept me as your mate?"         
###Chapter 906: Sneaking at night (2)
Chapter 906: Sneaking at night (2)
Owen licked his lips nervously before asking, "Zina of the Dark Howlers pack, do you accept me as your mate?"         
Zina's heart was thundering in her ears, and she became lightheaded due to Owen's scent of maple honey. She found herself in a drunken daze that allowed her to focus only on the male in front of her.      
Zina grabbed his t-shirt to stabilize herself, her nails scratching his pecks in the process, and he released a low growl.     
She got on her toes, and he lowered his head and they both groaned when their lips connected in a slow kiss that shook their cores. Their mate bond urged them to get closer, much closer than they were.     
'RIIIIP!'     
Owen's eyebrows shot up when Zina ripped his t-shirt. He didn't expect it, but he didn't hate it either.     
"So-Sorry…" Zina stuttered. "I didn't mean to." She really didn't, but it happened. Did he think of her as a violent woman?     
Owen pulled the torn fabric over his head and smirked, obviously pleased by her action and the way she gawked at his exposed torso. Owen could feel that Zina wanted him, just as much as he wanted her. Who cared about one t-shirt?     
"It's OK." He tried to sound cool.     
Zina's palms landed on his pecs, and she didn't miss the way his muscles rippled under her touch.     
The sparks that prickled his skin were out of this world and he was confident that his jeans will burst as his cock wanted to get out. Was he ever this hard?     
Zina's hands moved higher until she reached his shoulders, and then her fingers connected behind his neck at the same moment his arms wrapped around her to pull her on him.     
Owen dove to claim her lips with his, and he didn't delay in deepening the kiss.     
Chamomile and honey was an addictive combination.     
His hands glided down her back, and Owen gave her ass a squeeze before lifting her. He was unsure if he was rushing things, but then her legs wrapped around his waist and he moved toward the bed in small steps, giving her a chance to stop him… but she didn't.     
Their kisses turned hungry and impatient, and Owen tripped when he was half a step away from the bed.     
"Ugh…" Zina released a suppressed groan when she sunk into the mattress with Owen on top of her.     
Owen was alarmed. What a way to kill the mood!     
He quickly put his hands on Zina's sides to push himself up. "Are you hurt?"     
Zina moved her arms around his back and clung to him tightly. "No, no!" Was he thinking of stopping now? Couldn't he pick up how aroused she was? "It was just unexpected," Zina explained.     
Owen got down on his elbows and he pushed Zina's hair from her face.     
"You are beautiful," Owen murmured.     
He took a lock of her hair and put it under his nose, taking a deep breath.     
"How do I smell to you?" Zina asked.     
"Chamomile."     
"Do you like it?"         
"As far as my memories go, it was always my favorite."     
Zina liked his answer. She liked it a lot.     
"Angel," He called, and she loved the sound of his voice. It was low and sensual and filled with emotions she couldn't put into words.     
"Are you sure about this?" He asked.     
"Are you having doubts?"     
He shook his head. "I just don't want you to have regrets. I never wanted anything in my life how much I want you. But it seems that a lot of things are stacked against us." He released a long breath. "I will be honest, I never faced anything this big."     
Zina had to acknowledge that he was right. "Me neither. But the Moon Goddess set us to be mates, and she allowed us to meet. Maybe these are challenges we need to overcome together."     
Owen's heart tightened and then it expanded. "I don't know how to do together. I was always alone."     
Zina ran her hand over his head, enjoying the prickles of his short hair on her palm. "That was because you didn't meet me. Going forward, you won't be alone, Owen. Now you have your mate." She licked her lips. "I don't want to sound impatient, but is this the right time to talk?"     
Owen cocked an eyebrow at her. He wanted to make it romantic and special because this was not just a senseless hookup to fulfill carnal needs. Did he embarrass himself?     
"I want to make sure you are willing," Owen said, and his finger moved over her cheek and down her neck, gliding slowly and leaving a fiery trail of addictive sparks that set her body ablaze. He made small circles at the base of her neck, right where his mark should come, and Owen could feel his wolf going crazy in need to sink his fangs there.     
"Angel, when I start, I'm not sure if I will be able to stop."     
Zina felt butterflies going crazy in her stomach.     
"There is no need to stop. I am yours."     
"Mine," he said with a hum of approval, and lowered his head to kiss her neck, right where his finger teased her previously.     
They undressed each other through fervent kisses and caresses, and Zina was surprised that he didn't tear her clothes. She could feel how hungry he was for her. It was maddening.     
Zina's body felt like jelly, yet she was hyper-aware of every inch where they touched.     
Owen's scent of maple honey enveloped her as his existence became part of her new normal, and Zina knew that there was no turning back from this. No man, ever, will be able to make her feel this. Desired. Needed. Worshiped. Accepted.     
How could she think that he wouldn't want her or that he will mistreat her?     
Owen breathed in greedily Zina's scent of chamomile. Touching, pinching, caressing, kissing, licking… no matter what he did, it felt heavenly, and she responded to him beautifully.     
He stared into her eyes as he made his way inside of her, nearly blacking out from sheer pleasure when he got sheathed all the way inside of her.     
"Fuck, angel!" Owen groaned. "This… this…"     
"I know," Zina breathed, feeling dazed herself and she threw her head back when he started rocking into her.     
Owen was not Zina's first, and she thought that sex was great before, but Owen rewired her brain and made her every nerve ending respond to his ministrations.     
Owen started slowly and Zina's moans spurred him to move faster, and he loved the way her hips moved to meet his.         
They entangled their bodies as their bond solidified with his every thrust and they were both marveling at this feeling of belonging, not caring about anything and anyone beyond the confinement of that bed.     
It was just the two of them, merging into one; it was more than a physical connection.     
Owen growled while trying to suppress his fangs from coming out. The woman below him was welcoming, and she smelled fantastic and felt even better, and she was his, but somehow… there was a small voice at the back of his head, reminding him that he shouldn't mark her.     
Zina dug her fingers into Owen's back, lost in her madness and the desire to seal the bond completely. Her wolf agreed. He was already inside her and all around her, and there was only that small bit missing… Owen's mark on Zina's neck.     
###Chapter 907: The best way to wake up
Chapter 907: The best way to wake up
Owen and Zina were lost in the throes of passion. Harder, faster, more… but what was more than what they were doing?         
The headboard was clattering against the wall, and the hinges of the bedframe threatened to give in.     
Zina was fighting to catch the smallest of breaths while her wolf amplified her frenzy. Owen's growls and grunts vibrated against her left ear, and she heard him say how she was fantastic and that he loved every inch of her. The stretch and the friction were boosted by the sparks of their bond that made her claw at his back in a fervent need to increase their touching surface.     
Owen prayed silently for the strength to not pass out from sheer pleasure that shook every muscle in his body. How could a woman be so enthralling? Her every moan spoke to his wolf, her lustful song urged the demon in him to come out and corrupt her pure soul… to claim her as his, forever.     
"Owen," Zina panted as he lapped at the left side of her neck.     
Her orgasm was building up and she was ready to blow. Will her heart burst from overstimulation? That was a possibility.     
She tilted her head to give him better access and breathed into his ear, "I am yours."     
Her words were barely a whisper, but he heard her clearly.     
The last string of restraint snapped, and Owen dipped his head.     
Zina muffled her cry in Owen's shoulder when the orgasm hit her full force at the same time as his fangs pierced her flesh.     
Owen growled while pumping himself into her. Her insides tightened around his cock in rhythmical pulses, pushing him over the edge to fill her up with his hot seed.     
Zina saw stars in front of her closed eyes. If previous orgasms were touching the sky, this one sent her outside of the Solar system. She was confident that her soul left her body to merge with Owen's because just their bodies becoming one was not enough to explain what was happening.     
Zina's body twitched as Owen licked the spot where his mark was forming already.     
"Damn, angel," he said while catching his breath and then he chuckled lowly. "I could spend the rest of my life doing this."     
Zina stared at him with unfocused eyes. "Me too."     
He wanted to pull out, but Zina's legs clamped him in place.     
"Let me feel you," she pleaded, and he had no ions.     
Owen loved the sight of his mark on her neck. The fiery Goddess was his and his only, but there was also a problem… "George and Dawn will jump to our throats in the morning." And what about the party in the evening?     
"Are you regretting it?"     
"No," Owen said right away. "If I could do it again, I would. And again. And again."     
He wiggled his eyebrows and Zina giggled, her insides squeezed his cock, and he groaned in response.     
"I am worried that they will give you a hard time," he said.     
"Do you really care about Dawn and George?" Zina asked.     
"No." Owen nuzzled her nose with his. "You still didn't answer my question."     
"Which one?"     
"Do you accept me as your mate?"         
Zina blinked. Wasn't it too late for that question? But it seemed that Owen wanted a verbal confirmation.     
"Yes. I accept you as my mate, Owen of the Red Moon pack." She didn't like the pack Owen was associated with, but she didn't want to be picky about it. He already said that location was not important, and she would be a hypocrite to say otherwise.     
Owen's smile reflected in his eyes as he leaned to kiss her gently, tenderly, every move of his tongue stirred another wave of desire, and within a minute they were back at it again.     
…     
"Mmm," Zina moaned softly while drifting in and out of her sleep.     
She had a fantastic dream. She came to visit Dawn, and they went to the market, and then a super-handsome guy appeared, and it turned out he was her mate, and he smelled of maple honey, and they ended up having hot sex and he marked her, and she nearly passed out how good it was, and then they did it again and… it was fantastic.     
Zina didn't want to wake up. She wanted to keep dreaming because Owen's hold was solid, and no one ever managed to excite her wolf.     
"Ahh…" A loud sigh escaped her lips because the dream was so good that she could still feel her handsome mate all over her. Well, not all over, but definitely at the cradle of her thighs.     
Zina tried to squirm, and her eyes sprang open when she realized that she was unable to move her hips. What the hell?     
Still half-asleep, Zina looked down to see a head between her legs.     
"What…? Ahh… Oh!… Mmm…"     
She was unable to form any words because Owen's lips latched around her clit, and he started sucking on it.     
Eventually, Owen looked up at Zina and grinned. The lower half of his face was glistening from her juices, and it was all infused with chamomile and he loved it!     
Owen didn't feel guilty for waking her up. He didn't get a wink of sleep and he let her sleep for a few hours (every minute felt like an eternity), and then his restraints snapped, and he decided to help himself. He was never a patient one.     
"Good morning, angel," Owen said in a deep voice that shook her insides.     
Zina's chest heaved. Good morning? Wait! With Owen between her legs, didn't that mean her dream was not a dream? This was a million times better than a dream!     
"Is this how you will wake me up every morning?"     
Owen licked his lips in slow motion. "If you like it."     
IF she likes it!? "I like it very much," Zina said honestly. Who would say no to an orgasm first thing in the morning?     
With a low chuckle, Owen dove back to tend to Zina's most intimate parts with his mouth and she plopped back into the pillows. Even if she wanted to resist his relentless attacks on her pleasure centers, she was unable to do so.     
Zina's body twitched in the aftershocks of her orgasm when Owen crawled on top of her.     
He observed Zina's blissful expression, and he was confident that she was the most beautiful woman in the world.     
"Mine," he murmured.     
Zina's smile widened. "Yours."     
Owen kissed her deeply and she tasted herself on his lips. How come she didn't realize before that she tasted of chamomile? It was like Owen unraveled parts of her she didn't know before.         
He swallowed Zina's cry when he jabbed himself inside her and he loved the sensation of her nails piercing his flesh. Owen hoped that she will leave scars so that her presence shows on his outside as well.     
Zina couldn't believe the emotional tornado Owen stirred within her. Her senses were sharper, she was more aware of her surroundings, and everything was clearer. She could feel that they breathed at the same time and their hearts beat in the same rhythm. It was surreal.     
The most fantastic above it all was that she knew, beyond any doubt, that Owen worshiped her.     
###Chapter 908: You didn't!
Chapter 908: You didn't! 
Zina enjoyed being cradled in Owen's arms. 
His hot breath seeped into her hair to caress her scalp gently, and the feeling of their naked bodies pressing on each other was out of this world. 
She started the morning by coming on his tongue, and then they made love twice and Zina realized why newly mated couples don't leave the bedroom for days, but their situation was not normal. 
"We should go down for breakfast." Owen groaned in displeasure and tightened his hold on her. "Do we need to?" "Unfortunately, we do. We can't spend the day here." "Why not?" He whined. Zina loved how clingy and childish he was. Was this the fierce warrior from the Red Moon pack? "Don't you need to work?" She asked. "I will tell them I'm sick." Zina looked at him in disbelief. Unless it involves wolfsbane or silver, "We don't get sick" "I saw it in movies. A guy calls in sick to work and..." "That's for humans." Owen pouted. "How about you come up with something believable?" "You can always say that you are exhausted after a night of lovemaking." 
Owen's face fell. One night of lovemaking is nothing for a werewolf in his prime. "I still have plenty of energy." 
"You should use that energy for work" "You are my work now, angel. You are my everything." Zina smiled foolishly. "You are a sweet talker." Owen's eyes fell on his mark on Zina's neck. "Do you really want to leave this room and let your friend see that?" Zina puffed her cheeks. She wanted to go everywhere and proudly show Owen's mark, but she knew that was not wise. "I can cover it up with makeup, or with a scarf." "You thought of everything other than how to stay with me here." Staying with Zina, just the two of them, came with peace and excitement Owen never experienced before and he really didn't want to part with her. 
Zina's heart cracked when Owen's emotions washed over her. The fear of abandonment was real. Zina loved that she meant so much to hint The mate bond was new for her also, but she had friends and family while Owen was an orphan who grew up in a dog-eat-dog environment. 
"What you said is wrong," Zina said. "I am thinking of how we can stay together. What will happen if you avoid work? Someone will look for you and they will find you here, with me. How long can we stay in this room? I want to be with you, but the reality is that we don't have a plan and until we figure out things, we need to act like everything is normal." 
"This IS normal," Owen protested. "You know what I mean." Owen pressed his lips into a line, but she could feel that he accepted her words. He was clingy and lusty, but he was not stupid. "Will you come here for lunch?" Zina asked. "Nothing will stop me from coming here." "Don't do anything reckless." "I will try." 
Zina could feel his impatience mixing with anxiety and she felt the same. Was there an easy way out for them? What if they just go to the Dark Howlers pack? Would Owen be willing to go? He said that location was not important, but saying it and doing it were two different things. What if Alpha Edward uses that against Damon and the Dark Howlers pack? 
Was there a point in worrying about it now after Owen marked her? Probably not. 
She hugged him tightly, savoring their last moments before they needed to leave the peace that their bed provided. 
Owen got out of the bathroom and Zina stared at his exposed torso. 
He smirked. "If you like it this much, you could have joined me in the shower." 
Zina forced her eyes to move up to meet his gaze. "If I did that, you wouldn't have this." She threw a t-shirt at him. 
Zina tidied up at record speed and then she mind-linked Dawn to send a t-shirt. Dawn was not surprised that Owen spent the night in Zina's room, and Zina was happy that Dawn was not aware of Owen's mark on Zina's neck. Yet. 
Owen put the t-shirt under his nose and frowned. "I will smell like George." The t-shirt was freshly washed, but Owen could pick up lingering scents. 
"Either that or you walk topless, and I don't want females to ogle at my handsome mate." Owen loved how possessive she was. He stalked to her and pulled her into his embrace to give her a long sensual kiss that made her toes curl. Zina melted into him, hoping that this bliss will last forever. And longer. 
Owen and Zina came to the dining room to find George and Dawn at the table. Estelle was also there, and they were discussing arrangements for the afternoon. With Nora coming, they needed a strategy. 
Unfortunately (or not), Nora knew that George and Dawn were mates. George thought that they could use that to their advantage, but Nora didn't fear George how much she feared Talia and Damon, so they needed to talk to those two with the hope that Damon and Talia will force Nora to cooperate. 
The whole situation was such a mess that Dawn was nearly bouncing from anxiety. 
Owen and Zina sat at the table and Owen started piling food on Zina's plate. After a whole night and morning of lovemaking, they were famished. 
Zina waited for Dawn to notice Owen's mark on her neck She thought of concealing it to avoid drama, but Zina needed Dawn to make it through the upcoming event, and secrets like being marked would introduce unnecessary complications. To ensure that Dawn will see it, Zina lifted her hair into a ponytail. It looked like a hickey, but Zina was confident that Dawn would know better. 
Owen stared at Zina who happily chewed the food he gave her. She was beautiful. If she went out, people would take notice. What if some warriors end up hitting on her? Was she supposed to submit because Omegas don't retaliate? His blood boiled at that thought. Eventually, Estelle left, and Dawn turned to newcomers. Dawn's eyes flashed in surprise mixed with outrage. "You didn't!" Zina reached to the left side of her neck. "We did." "Zi!" Dawn exclaimed. "I told you to wait." "What's the big deal? If it's about tonight, I will cover it up with clothes or makeup." 
Dawn exhaled in frustration. "This is more than just visual. With the mark being fresh, Owen will be overprotective and if any guy dares to look at you the wrong way, Owen will..." 
"Snap his neck," Owen finished for Dawn. Dawn waved at Owen. "Exactly!" She turned to George. "Tonight will be a disaster." "Not necessarily," George said coolly. "You approve?" Dawn asked George. 
George cut a piece of sausage and stuffed it in Dawn's mouth before responding with, "Owen and Zina are grownups, and they are mates. I would have issues if Owen was wishy-washy about claiming your best friend. Considering that he sneaked into her room and marked her, tells me that he is taking their bond seriously. Anything less would be unacceptable.."
###Chapter 909: Commander George's adjutant
Chapter 909: Commander George's adjutant
Dawn was about to argue how Owen marking Zina came at a super-wrong time and it could cause so many issues, but she was unable to disagree with George. Owen showing his intention of being with Zina was a good thing, but… "What if things go wrong during the event tonight?" And there were so many other things to think about.          
Dawn was always carefree and playful, yet now she felt like an adult in the room.     
George didn't think it was a big deal. "For better or for worse, mates stay together." George turned to Dawn and caressed her cheek with the tips of his fingers while saying, "Even if I knew that staying with you meant I will die tomorrow, I would pick one day with you compared to an eternity without. Aren't you the same?"     
Dawn exhaled as her fighting spirit dwindled. She came to the Red Moon pack with George, knowing the risks and that it will be hard. And she didn't regret a single minute of it.     
"I'm sorry Zi," Dawn said. "I hope you know that I am only worried about you. I love that you found your mate and that things are going well."     
"Thanks," Zina responded while leaning on Owen. It meant the world to her to know that Dawn gave up and was officially onboard.     
"Does their marking change our plans for tonight?" Dawn asked George.     
"No. Just as Zina said, she will cover up her mark, and you will expose yours." George turned to Owen. "You will need to take care of your mate and mine. Control your wolf and don't get into a fight. I will keep an eye on you and step in if a need arises. Officially, I am single so I can't show up with a date, but I will find a way to join you as the event progresses. If the four of us leave together, we can keep our charade going without disturbing the hornet's nest. Until then, keep your eyes on them, and hands to yourself. I hope that your status is low enough, so you don't attract attention."     
Owen made a face. What did that mean by, his status being low enough?     
Owen opened his mouth with the intention to bicker, and his eyes bulged in surprise when Zina stuffed a piece of bread in his mouth.     
"We will do our best," Zina responded to George.     
Owen eyed Zina suspiciously and she spoke to him in a soft voice, "We need to follow their plan. Let's focus on surviving today and tomorrow we can discuss our options for the future."     
Owen nodded in slow motion. The thought of a future with Zina calmed his wolf and Owen leaned closer to Zina, feeling needy for her proximity.     
As the food on the plate was reducing, Owen's feeding of Zina was slowing down. He didn't want to go.     
Zina could sense his emotions and she put her hand on his cheek.     
"I will look forward to seeing you for lunch."     
Owen pouted. "In the morning I run and do the obstacle course. I will be dirty and sweaty and…"      
"It seems you didn't get the news," George interrupted Owen. "You are to report to your new position in fifteen minutes."     
Owen was alerted. "New position?"     
"Someone pulled strings and you are adjutant."     
That would normally be a promotion, but Owen didn't like the timing. Also, it depended on whose adjutant he became. Did he apply for such a position?     
"Who is the General I will be working for?" Owen asked reluctantly.     
George shook his head. "You won't be working for a General. You are now adjutant to a Commander."     
Owen's brows came together in confusion. What nonsense was that? Every Commander had a full staff, except for… "I will be working for you?"     
Owen was a Lieutenant under a General who reported to a different Commander. How did George manage to make Owen into his adjutant overnight?     
George smirked. "I am your direct superior now, Owen. I expect to see good results."         
George had two secretaries, but no adjutants. Those were positions usually given to people of trust and Owen knew that George didn't trust him. "Am I trustworthy enough to be your right hand?"     
George shrugged. "I am giving you a chance to prove yourself."     
"How?"     
"You will find out. Soon." Probably sooner than anyone thought.     
Zina didn't think this was a bad thing. "Thank you, George!" She jumped to hug Owen.     
Owen returned Zina's hug, but he was not sure if this sudden transfer was a good thing.     
…     
Owen and George left George's villa together and Owen was glancing at the building that was getting smaller with every step he took.     
"Zina will be fine," George said.     
Owen rubbed his chin nervously. "I know. I fear that I won't be fine without her. How do you go through the day, knowing that your mate is there, waiting for you?"     
"With difficulty. And no, it doesn't get better in time."     
Owen stuffed his hands into his pant pockets and walked with George absentmindedly. So many things happened. How was he supposed to go to those training grounds like everything was normal?     
They passed by several figures and Owen realized that those were Omegas. Four females in their early thirties moved to stand on the side of the path and lowered their heads in front of George and Owen. They would do the same for any warrior or a ranked pack member.     
Owen didn't pay attention to Omega's behavior before, but now he couldn't ignore it. The idea that his fiery Goddess would submit for no apparent reason was eating him alive.     
If Zina left George's villa, she would need to act like that or be punished for disobedience. Will Zina be able to sit inside that villa and wait for him?  They were dependent on George and Dawn and even they were in a tricky situation.     
Owen looked around to assure no one was nearby to overhear them, and then he asked, "Why are you here, George?"     
George was confused. "What do you mean?"     
"Considering Dawn's background and your position, I'm sure that Alpha Damon would accept you into his pack. Why are you still here? Don't tell me that you enjoy keeping your mate locked up while you go about your day pretending she doesn't exist."     
George's expression stiffened. He didn't like Owen insinuating that he was repressing Dawn, but he understood it would look like that to outsiders.     
"I have my reasons," George responded.     
Owen looked at him for a long second. "I hope those reasons are worth it."     
George was hoping the same.     
"What will you do next about your mate?" George asked.     
Owen was not sure. "Zina wants me to talk to Alpha Damon. I will do that."     
"Don't expect him to solve your problems. You need to stand up for yourself and for your mate."         
With that, they reached the training grounds and Owen was following after George and doing small tasks that George assigned to him while counting seconds until lunchtime.     
Owen remembered how on the previous day George left early and Owen gave him a hard time. Now that he knew about Dawn, and he had a mate himself, Owen felt like an ass. Will it matter if he apologizes? Probably not.     
###Chapter 910: Honoring the deal
Chapter 910: Honoring the deal
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~         
Cassie was in a room that had a bed, a sofa with a low coffee table, and a television attached to the wall. The side door led to a bathroom.     
This room was better than the dungeon where she spent the first three days after talking to Damon and Talia, but it didn't change the fact that she was a prisoner. How long was she in here? Cassie lost count of days, but it was definitely more than a week.     
The door was locked from the outside, and they had metal bars on the windows. No matter how much she looked outside, the only thing she could see was the forest. She was stuck in the middle of nowhere and even though they didn't torture her, she was not fine with being confined. Cassie couldn't see any cameras, but she had a feeling of being watched.     
So, what if she came with an agenda? That didn't change the fact that she gave them genuine information.     
Cassie found that on her father's desk and while going through his drawers. She risked getting caught and punished seriously, yet they thanked her by locking her up.     
The only good thing about this situation was that no one bullied her or rubbed in her face that her father was expecting another child and she will be replaced. Cassie scoffed at the thought of being replaced.     
Not so long ago, she was the princess of the Steelbite pack. Her father pampered her, and she had exclusive access to Alpha Damon, the handsome Alpha of the largest pack in North America. Cassie thought she was at the top of the world, unaware of how fragile that world was. It all collapsed in an instant and she was left with nothing. Even her gorgeous hair was gone.     
Cassie jolted when she heard the lock clicking.     
"Talia?" Cassie called in surprise, and she looked behind Talia to see if someone else was with her.      
Cassie thought it would be the guards bringing something, or maybe Damon came to see her, and she didn't expect Talia.      
Cassie's mood deflated visibly when she confirmed that Talia was on her own.     
How Cassie saw this, most of her troubles were due to Talia's existence. If Talia didn't show up, Cassie would still be able to stick to Damon, and she would have her hair! If Talia didn't give that stupid punishment that included a tribute from the Steelbite pack, Elders wouldn't be so quick to band against Cassie.     
"What do you want?" Cassie asked Talia grumpily.     
Talia put her hand behind her back, but not before Cassie saw that Talia was holding a folded magazine. Did she bring her reading material?     
"I came to ask you where you want to go," Talia said.     
"You are letting me go?" Cassie asked suspiciously.     
Talia confirmed. "A deal is a deal. You gave us information and we will send you to the destination of your choice without your father knowing."     
Cassie narrowed her eyes at Talia. "Why now? Where is Damon? I want to talk to him."     
Cassie groaned when Talia's aura pressed on her.     
"It's ALPHA DAMON for you, Cassie," Talia squeezed through her teeth. "You will talk to me, or there won't be a deal."     
Talia retracted her aura and Cassie needed a moment to compose herself before asking, "What about the secrets I know? Aren't you afraid I will tell others?"     
"After all the trouble you've caused, no one will believe you," Talia said. "If you need a reminder, I will be happy to entertain you. You are the reason why the Steelbite pack is paying tribute to the Dark Howlers pack. You have a reputation as someone who is shamelessly chasing after Damon. People also know you as a pampered princess, and since the latest edition of the WW Magazine…" Talia put the magazine on the coffee table for Cassie to see. "They also believe that you ran away from home since you can't stand the idea of a sibling."     
Cassie's eyes widened. The front page had a bubble with her picture and a caption, 'A troubled princess on the run.' Cassie opened the magazine on the said page to see that they were guessing if she found herself a man, or if she stole valuables from the Stellbite pack. Another bubble said how Alpha Richard declines to comment on the situation, but he confirmed that he is expecting a child.     
Cassie's stomach dropped. Now people think of her as a runaway and a thief. Can this get any worse?     
Talia waited for Cassie to raise her gaze before saying, "We will honor our part of the deal. So… where do you want to go, Cassie?"         
Cassie was not sure if she should trust Talia. If their roles were reversed, Cassie would definitely use this opportunity to get revenge.     
"Can I talk to Alpha Damon?" Cassie asked. "It would put me at ease to know that he is aware of what's going on."     
"It is not my responsibility to put you at ease," Talia responded with finality. "You either deal with me, or we will leave you outside the Dark Howlers pack territory and you can fend for yourself. Or do you think I'm stupid to give you another chance to seduce my mate? Do you think he will be softhearted because you used to warm his bed?"     
Talia's temper flared. She said those last words without thinking how they will impact her mood.     
Talia was overcome with bloodlust and the desire to rip Cassie into pieces. The pregnancy hormones boosted her emotions to the extreme.     
"Excuse my choice of words. You were never qualified to go to his room so you couldn't warm his bed." Talia felt better after saying this.     
Cassie's expression tightened. "I don't trust you."     
"The feeling is mutual," Talia said. "I knew you were stubborn, but I didn't know you were stupid. Look around, Cassie. You have one minute to tell me where you want to go, or I will leave, and then the warriors will come to drag your sorry ass out of here."     
Cassie gritted her teeth. "I know things that are useful, that can harm you."     
"Harm me?" Talia asked with amusement in her voice as her mood fluctuated again. "Do you have any idea with whom you are talking to? You played all your cards, Cassie. There is nothing useful you can give us."     
Thanks to the leads Cassie gave them, they conducted a successful attack on a secret settlement of rogues. Damon and Maddox were confident that those were not all of them, but casualties caused a big dent in the forces that rogues had at their disposal. How will that change the rogues' plans to make a move during James' birthday? No one could predict that.     
Talia wanted to address one more point. "After tonight, everyone will know my real identity. Do you think that people will dare to come after me when they confirm that Alpha Damon's fated mate is the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack?"     
Cassie's eyes widened in shock, and her concern about her well-being swelled.     
What did Talia say? She saw some notes on her father's desk about how Talia and Alpha Natalia were the same person, but no one knew for sure. What did this mean? Couldn't they just dispose of her? Talia could kill her with a thought, and no one would know. Would anyone search for her?     
###Chapter 911: Ready to go
Chapter 911: Ready to go
Talia observed changes in Cassie's expression. Shock, realization, defeat. Somehow, it reminded Talia of the emotions she went through when Cassie accused her of stealing food in the kitchen of the Dark Howlers pack.         
Cassie was far from the image of the pompous female who strutted into the packhouse while shouting, 'Damon, baby!' at the top of her lungs right after scolding Omegas for not handling her precious luggage with proper care.     
Cassie stared at the WW Magazine. Sure, they published how she ran away from home, and in a way, she did. But Cassie was confident that her father would contain that information. Were Damon and Talia behind that article? It didn't matter.     
"I… I…" Cassie started in a small voice. "I want a pack to settle in." She thought about it. Traveling the world sounded great, but Cassie was never on her own. Living outside of the protection a pack would provide was scary, and Cassie didn't think she could do it. Cassie didn't know much about humans other than their bodies were fragile.     
As a bonus, as long as she was attached to a pack, she would be close to their kind, and there would be a chance to see Damon again. Damon was currently infatuated with Talia, but in a few years… maybe he would change his mind.     
Talia had no idea what was on Cassie's mind, but it didn't make sense. "You want to stay in a pack? You have no Alpha aura, you are not a warrior, and you have no skills other than matching clothes and bossing others around, and those don't count for much. The only way for you to join a pack would be as an Omega. Will you be OK with it?"     
No matter how progressive a pack is, an Omega does low-level jobs. Cassie was used to being served and not to be the one who served. Just her attitude alone would earn her punishments.     
"Your whole life, you were in the limelight. You made sure to attend every party and appear in many articles." Talia pointed at the magazine. "Your face is famous. How long can you stay hidden? Your father doesn't care about you, but he cares about his reputation. He won't let you live in another pack. The best case will be if your father demands your return, and the worst will be if he forces it. Who will risk provoking the Steelbite pack because of you?"     
Cassie pressed her lips into a line. Talia was right. Now that Alpha Richard was expecting a child, Cassie was disposable, but the old guy cared about his image. He would not only drag her back but also punish her publicly for everyone to see.     
In general, packs wouldn't dare to go against the Steelbite pack or stir unnecessary trouble, but there were few that stood above others.     
"What about this pack?"     
"Keep dreaming, Cassie."     
"You are keeping Jade here!"     
"Not anymore," Talia said. "We let her go yesterday." And Jade and Cassie were not the same.     
Damon and Talia waited for Alpha Adam to sign the tribute from the Silverfur pack before releasing Jade. Officially, the tribute was a thank you for allowing Jade to learn about the Dark Howlers pack, but everyone knew it was extortion. Alpha Adam was not willing, but he couldn't let the only daughter of his Beta be publicly humiliated further; it was reflecting negatively on the Silverfur pack.     
The tribute was not much in terms of finances, but its message was immense. The Dark Howlers pack was showing supremacy over the Silverfur pack, and no one dared to interfere.     
As part of the deal to release Jade, Talia requested that Jade attends James' birthday party. As Beta's daughter, Jade won't have an issue securing an invitation, and Talia wanted Jade to see with her own eyes when Damon and Talia appear, hand in hand, to reveal who Talia truly is.     
Talia wanted everyone to be there, so she didn't need to repeat herself. If, after that, shameless women still come onto Damon, Talia will kill them without mercy. Liseli agreed.     
With the revelation that Luna Talia and Alpha Natalia are the same person, the wolf world will explode, and Damon and Talia were ready. Once it becomes official that the two most powerful Alphas are fated mates, only idiots would dare to go against them.     
Cassie's chin trembled. "Are you abandoning me after everything I've done?"     
Talia's eyes flashed in outrage. "Why are you acting like I owe you a favor? Do I need to remind you how you treated me only a few months back? The first time we met, you accused me of stealing food, and the second time you claimed I stole a phone. On both occasions, you were eager to teach me manners with a delusion that you are Damon's Luna! One would think that you learned I was not an Omega after Damon kicked you out, but the next time you saw me, you acted like I'm the impostor that needs to be slapped!"     
Talia took a deep breath to calm her raging emotions. "We are done here. A warrior is stationed at the door, waiting to hear where you want to go. Knock when you are ready but don't take too long. The Dark Howlers pack won't accept you, nor will the Midnight Guardians pack. If you have another pack on your mind, we will be happy to take you there, but don't expect us to call in favors for your sake. If you need to make a phone call, we can arrange for it, but you will do it with someone listening…"     
…     
Talia walked into the hallway, and the moment the door closed behind her, she found herself in a solid embrace that was infused with the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate.     
"Are you OK?" Damon asked.     
"Yes."         
He could sense her unstable emotions. "You didn't need to do this. I could have…"     
"What?" Talia snapped. "You wanted some time alone with Cassie?"     
Damon exhaled helplessly. "No. If you let me finish, you would hear how I could have sent Caden and Maya to deal with her."     
Talia felt guilty for snapping. She disliked Cassie because of how Cassie treated people. Cassie was also a walking reminder of Damon's promiscuous past, and Talia's hormones only made everything worse. Her stomach was not showing, but her temper was flaring uncontrollably. She didn't want to vent on Damon. He was her biggest support. He was her everything.     
"Sorry, I just…"     
"It's OK," Damon said while tightening his hold on Talia.     
He knew that her pregnancy hormones affected her and Liseli. Talia was edgy and would go from raging to laughter in a matter of seconds as the stress from uncertain dangers was getting to her.     
Damon tried telling Talia to relax and let him handle things, but that only made her angry, so he let her have it. Damon would let Talia have whatever she wanted, and even if she blew the world into pieces, he would be right there to help her clean up… unless she said that cleanup was not needed.     
Damon decided to change the topic. "Are we ready for our trip?"     
Talia nodded. "Dawn is expecting us. She said they have news."     
Damon didn't like surprises, especially not this close to the event that Alpha Edward was hosting. "Do you know what news?"     
"She said it's a secret, but we will love it."     
Damon looked at Talia tenderly. "There was only one thing worth loving from the Red Moon pack, and I got her."     
Talia's insides melted into an emotional mush because she knew he was talking about her. Can he be any sweeter?     
###Chapter 912: Preparations for James' birthday party (1)
Chapter 912: Preparations for James' birthday party (1)
~ the Red Moon pack ~         
Cornelia came with Damon and Talia to George's villa via teleportation spell.     
Keith, Arya, Mindy, and Gideon were on their way via an armored Mercedes van with tinted glass and a luxurious interior. Keith was driving, and no one would dare to stop them and look inside, knowing that it was for the delegation from the Dark Howlers pack.     
Keith and Arya were going as Talia's guards, Mindy was Luna Talia's aide, and Gideon had no intention of leaving Mindy to go there without him. Talia requested her other guards (and their mates) to stay in the pack and be vigilant.     
James told Damon and Talia that they got a spot reserved for their van in the underground parking. Once the van from the Dark Howlers pack reaches its destination, Cornelia will teleport Talia and Damon close to it. Like that, Talia and Damon got extra time to meet Dawn and George and discuss last-minute strategies.     
James wanted to be present as well, but he had a final fitting for his suit, and his mother was fussing about him, so he couldn't leave the packhouse without making it a big deal and attracting attention.     
Dawn and Zina welcomed Talia, Damon, and Cornelia, and the females moved to the study. They didn't want to risk anyone seeing the newcomers, and Damon decided to stay in the bedroom and do some work from his laptop so that Talia could have some girl time until George returned from his duties.      
Zina's neck was covered with a scarf because she wanted to make it a surprise after Dawn shared updates.     
Talia was concerned to hear that Dawn and Zina had ended up being invited to the party. And it was not just any invitation; it was from Alpha Edward directly. Dawn skipped the part about Owen because she left it for Zina to tell, but she mentioned going to the market and confronting Omegas, which reached Alpha Edward's ears.     
Talia didn't like that Zina caused a ruckus. Her explosive friend would always speak her mind, but Talia didn't see the point in scolding Zina over something that had happened already.     
"I thought you said you have good news," Talia reminded Dawn.     
"I do," Dawn said.     
"How is that good? What if Alpha Edward makes a move on you? Will George sit and watch? What if Alpha Edward figures out you are an Alpha?"     
Zina pressed her lips into a line at this. Talia knew that George and Dawn were Alphas, yet Zina didn't. The fact that Dawn kept secrets from Zina while sharing the same with Talia, stung Zina unexpectedly.     
Talia asked her last questions. "Do you have anything to wear for the event? Or should we figure it out?"     
This reminded Dawn of one small thing. "Nora will be here shortly to help us get ready."     
Talia couldn't believe this. "Nora? As the Nora who spent time in the dungeon of the Dark Howlers pack?"     
"That one," Dawn confirmed.     
"She will recognize you."     
"She will," Dawn agreed.     
Talia spread her arms helplessly. "I am still waiting to hear the good news."     
Dawn looked at Zina, who pulled the scarf down in slow motion.     
Talia's eyes widened when she realized that thing on Zina's neck was not a hickey.     
"You are marked. By whom? Don't tell me it's someone from the Red Moon pack."     
Zina quickly raised her hands, indicating to Talia to calm down. "I know what you are worried about. Owen is a good guy."     
Talia didn't believe it. She lived in the Red Moon pack long enough to know that there were no good guys there. Bad guys called shots, and others submitted. Even if her mate was the best in the world, if he submits to the corrupted ones, Zina will become collateral damage.         
Talia turned to Cornelia, who had been sitting quietly from the beginning. "Did you know about this?"     
"I knew that Zina found her mate," Cornelia admitted.     
"Talia," Zina called pleadingly. "Can you give him a chance and not jump to conclusions?"     
"Fine. Tell me about him."     
"Owen is a Lieutenant. He has no family here, and he hopes to talk to you and Alpha Damon."     
"Why?" Talia asked.     
"I suggested to him that we live in the Dark Howlers pack," Zina responded.     
"And he agreed to it?"     
Zina was not in a position to confirm, but… "He agreed to talk to Alpha Damon. I hope you will welcome us if he decides to leave the Red Moon pack."     
How could Talia say no to that? But there was the possibility of Owen wanting to switch sides and be a spy for Alpha Edward. As a Lieutenant, Owen would be stupid not to know about the friction between packs. Would he accept to come to a hostile pack just because Zina asked him to? No matter how accepting people in the Dark Howlers pack were, once they discover that Owen was from the Red Moon pack, they won't be welcoming.     
Talia needed a way to assure herself and everyone else that Owen didn't mean harm to the Dark Howlers pack.     
"Will he take the blood oath?"     
"Is that a requirement to join our pack?" Zina responded with a question.     
"For someone from the Red Moon pack, yes."     
Zina was about to protest, but Dawn put her hand on Zina's shoulder with, "How about you have this discussion after Owen comes here?"     
Zina agreed to this. Surely, when Talia sees Owen and how lovey-dovey they are, Talia will not doubt Owen's sincerity.     
With the important updates out of the way, Zina turned to Cornelia. "Can you take me home? I need a dress for tonight, and I would rather take something mine than let Nora pick for me. Knowing Nora, she will probably give me a dress with faulty stitches, so I end up naked halfway through the party."     
Cornelia narrowed her eyes at Zina. "I am not a transportation service."     
"I will make it worthwhile."     
"How?"     
Zina was ready for this. "I can let you go through my closet. Pick a dress of your choice."     
Cornelia thought about it. They were about the same height. Zina was bigger than Cornelia in the chest area and smaller in the hips, but with some alternations, it might work.     
"Two dresses," Cornelia demanded.     
Zina rolled her eyes. "Fine."     
…         
It was mid-afternoon when George and Owen arrived. They didn't come for lunch because they wanted to finish the work in order to be free for the rest of the day.     
Talia and Damon greeted George and Zina was right there to introduce Owen.     
They didn't have much time to socialize because the group from the Dark Howlers pack was less than an hour away, and  Talia also confirmed that Sandy and Tyler from the Midnight Guardians were coming.      
People from the Midnight Guardians pack usually don't attend these events, so Alpha Edward made sure that information leaked about Alpha Natalia coming to his party. Talia wondered how the old guy will react when he realizes why she was making an appearance.     
Since Owen was not familiar with many details, he was waiting in the living room with Zina. He was nervous.      
"It will be alright," Zina assured him. "They are good people."     
How Owen saw this, the only good thing about the situation was that Zina was by his side.      
###Chapter 913: Preparations for James' birthday party (2)
Chapter 913: Preparations for James' birthday party (2)
In the study…         
George, Dawn, Talia, and Damon discussed the latest developments. They couldn't communicate openly during the event, so it was important to figure out as much as possible in advance.     
Cassie brought information about Alphas and rogues plotting an attack during James' birthday party with an intention to snatch Talia. This was not a surprise for anyone, and it matched what they knew before. The surprising part was that Cassie's information was legitimate.     
Damon, Talia, Maddox, Cristian, and Tony collaborated in the last two weeks. They decimated rogues, cut underground supply chains that moved between several packs, and captured spies that resided in their territories. Did that make a difference? To what extent? No one had answers to these questions.     
James said he would snoop around areas where his father might keep sensitive data, but Damon advised against it. If James got caught, a lot of things would be exposed. James was their hidden trump card in this mess that could erupt into a full-blown war if they were not careful.     
"The most efficient thing will be to eliminate Alpha Edward," George said, allowing some of his Alpha aura to leak in a show of determination.     
Damon agreed, but… "Didn't you say that he set up fail-safes? In case something happened to Alpha Edward, sleeper cells will act."     
"I worked with James to take care of more than a dozen protocols Alpha Edward arranged."     
"We have no proof that those are all of them," Damon said.     
"We will never know if we got them all," George protested. "How long should I wait?"     
"I don't know," Damon said honestly. "It's easy to prioritize your personal agenda when you don't have a pack relying on you."     
George and Dawn didn't like this comment.     
"It's not fair to use lack of pack to diminish the importance of what George wants to do," Dawn said.     
"I'm not diminishing anything," Damon responded. "I only stated facts." He turned to George. "Think about Dawn and Omegas you've got here. If there is a chance, even the smallest chance, that Alpha Edward planted an explosive in your villa that will go off when he takes his last breath, would you go for a kill? Will it be worth getting your way if innocents need to pay the price?"     
George gritted his teeth. At this rate, he will never get his revenge. Other than his revenge, there was Dawn. She was stuck in the villa, away from her friends, and deprived of simple things like going out for a walk without fearing for her safety.     
"Let's not talk like we are not making progress," Talia said. "Our recent actions reduced the power that Alpha Edward and his allies have. Every day he is losing informers and resources. It's in our favor to drag this as long as possible and watch Alpha Edward turn impatient and make mistakes. We don't want to start an open conflict, but we are watching, and we won't stay still as he makes his moves. With any luck, he will lead us to the person who is pulling the strings from the dark."     
Damon looked at Talia with sparkles in his eyes. She was kind and reasonable and his.     
After their talk about handling Alpha Edward, it was time for Zina and Owen to appear in front of Talia and Damon.     
Dawn wanted to stick around and be there to support her friend, but George advised against it.     
"Zina and Owen need to do this on their own," George said. "I know you mean well, but with you around, Talia will feel pressured to put your friendship first." And Damon will do anything to make Talia happy. "No matter how much you care for Zina, it will be on Talia and Damon to hear them out and decide accordingly. Or do you think Talia and Damon will harm Zina and her mate?"     
Hearing this, Dawn gave up.     
Owen was nervous, and that made Zina nervous as well.     
Damon didn't care to make them comfortable. He checked the time and waved impatiently. "We don't have all day. If you want to say something, out with it."     
Zina gave Owen's hand a squeeze, silently telling him that she was there with him.     
Owen straightened his back and lowered his head. "Alpha Damon, Luna Talia. I want to discuss the possibility of me joining her pack… your pack."     
"You want to join the Dark Howlers pack?" Damon asked.         
"I want to find out if that's an option and what conditions need to be met for that to happen."     
"Why?" Damon asked.     
Owen paused. "The Red Moon pack is not the most hospitable one, and we are considering options."     
"Is that all?"     
'Damon,' Talia called through their mind-link.     
'Let me handle this, kitten,' Damon said. 'I know what you are worried about. Zina and Owen are in front of us, expecting we will provide them with solutions. That's not how life works. If he is a man who will take care of Zina, he needs to be in charge. There is strength in knowing how to deal with challenges, and there is wisdom in knowing when to ask for help.'     
Talia didn't disagree with this, but… 'Aren't Alphas supposed to provide guidance to their people?'     
'Owen is not part of my pack. If he wants my help, he needs to work for it and prove himself. Being mated to Zina is not enough.'     
Talia remembered that Damon was a determined Alpha whose personality was molded by surviving in a hostile environment. Damon indulged her, and he let her have it, but that was only for her.     
Zina realized that this was not going as easy as she thought it will. "Alpha, is there a problem with Owen joining our pack? We accept people from all packs and backgrounds."     
Damon cocked an eyebrow at Zina. "When was the last time we accepted a warrior from a hostile pack?"     
"Owen is not hostile."     
"I was talking about his pack," Damon pointed out. "Let's say he has no ulterior motive other than to be with you. I can assume he doesn't have an exit strategy because if he did, we wouldn't be having this conversation. Did you think I will smuggle your mate out of here in a trunk without anyone noticing?"     
Zina blinked at Damon. That was oddly specific. And why was Talia smiling at Damon like he said something important?      
"What will happen when people from his circle notice he is missing? How long will it take until someone figures out where he went? Will they think I kidnapped him, coerced him, or bribed him? No matter how you spin it, Alpha Edward will use it against me." Damon leaned forward to rest his elbows on his knees. "Alpha Edward will use it against the Dark Howlers pack. He is your mate, but to me, he is a warrior from another pack. Ranked warriors don't leave their pack without reason. What is his reason? To be with you? If that's his drive, he doesn't need to leave the Red Moon pack. So, tell me, Zina, how do I welcome a warrior who is defecting to my pack?"     
Zina's stomach dropped. "Are you saying that Owen can't join?"     
###Chapter 914: Preparations for James' birthday party (3)
Chapter 914: Preparations for James' birthday party (3)
Talia could feel Damon's impatience rising. He was sweet and caring with Talia, but that was only for her.         
'Can I?' Talia asked Damon through their mind link.     
'As long as you don't give him a free ticket into the Dark Howlers pack,' Damon responded.     
'I know,' Talia assured him.     
"Damon didn't say that your mate can't join the Dark Howlers pack," Talia said.     
Zina looked at Talia apprehensively. That's how it sounded to her. "What did the Alpha say?"      
"Owen needs to find a way to cut his ties to this pack amicably."     
"How?" Zina asked.     
"Have faith in your mate," Talia said. "He is a Lieutenant for a reason. As someone who lives in this pack, I'm confident that Owen can do his research and pick the least painful option."     
Owen looked at Talia with eyes open wide. She had no idea about him, yet she spoke like he could solve their predicament. Somehow, it made him feel important.     
"You won't help us?" Zina persisted.     
Talia raised her hand and spoke sternly, "Stop right there, Zina."     
Zina was one of Talia's best friends, and if this were girl-only chatter, Talia would let her talk and steam out her grievances. However, Damon was different. Damon would never allow anyone to show disrespect toward Talia, not even her friends. Owen (aka an outsider) being present only made things more serious.     
Talia didn't want Zina to end up in trouble because she was emotional.     
"You just got marked, and your bond is fresh, which means you are sensitive and protective of each other. But this is not something that can be decided on an impulse. Give it a few days. With the event going on, Owen shouldn't have a lot of duties. Spend that time together, get to know each other, and discuss options."     
Seeing Zina's defeated expression, Talia added through the pack link, only for Zina to hear, 'Zi, you and your mate need to come up with solutions. It is one thing when you are single and you follow your Alpha's orders. However, since Owen marked you, he is the one who needs to take care of you. Give him a chance to show you what he is capable of and make sure both of you agree on how to proceed forward.'     
Talia spoke for everyone to hear, "The bond comes with new emotions, and it's normal to be edgy. Is there a way for you to avoid going to tonight's event?"     
Owen shook his head helplessly. Part of him hoped that Alpha Damon will accept him into the Dark Howlers pack. In that case, Owen and Zina would leave immediately. But Owen knew that Damon and Talia had valid points. If they avoided the event, it would cause issues for George and later for the Dark Howlers pack.     
Owen was many things, but he was not a coward. How could he be a coward now that he had a mate?     
Owen bowed. "Thank you, Alpha Damon and Luna Talia. We will accept your advice."     
When Zina and Owen left the office, Talia slumped on Damon.     
"Tired?" Damon asked.     
"Mentally. Tonight will be a mess."     
"What makes you think so?"     
Talia looked up at Damon. "Zina and Dawn will be there, and Owen and George can't be with them. You saw Zi; she is not herself. Cornelia and James are another couple that can't reveal they are mates."     
Damon chuckled. "Aren't you glad that we will reveal our relationship?"         
She was, but… "My hormones are all over the place. If George or James don't cause a scene, I will."     
"I am more concerned about their mates," Damon said.     
"What?"     
"These events are for socializing and establishing connections. You will be with me, but George and James won't be lucky enough to enjoy the company of their mates. I got information that Alpha William's daughter will be pursuing George, and can you imagine what Cornelia will do when she sees females throwing themselves at the birthday boy?"     
Talia's face fell. Damon was right. She didn't care much about George and a random woman, but she felt responsible for Cornelia. "Is it too late to send Cornelia away?"     
"If that's us, would you want to stay away?"     
"No," Talia responded without missing a beat.     
Damon hummed in confirmation. "At this point, we will go with the flow and hope for the best. With any luck, people will be so focused on the two of us that no one will notice when Cornelia turns half of the guests into frogs."     
Talia burst into giggles. It was a funny mental image.     
…     
In the packhouse…     
"Why do I need to deal with dressing up Omegas?" Nora asked her father.     
She was about to take a bath and start her pre-party routine, and Beta Raymond came to Nora's room to tell her that she needed to go out. She was NOT happy about this. "I need to get ready for the party and not cater to a pair of Omegas no one ever heard of!"     
Beta Raymond shook his head and moved to stand in front of Nora. He put his hands on her shoulders and gave her a small squeeze.     
"Nora, dear, this is not about dressing up Omegas. It's about getting access to Commander George's villa."     
Nora's face turned ugly. She didn't want to go anywhere near George.     
For years, Nora didn't think much about the youngest Commander, but after their trip to the Dark Howlers pack, she realized that he was volatile, unpleasant, and in cahoots with Alpha Damon. Unfortunately, due to the blood oath they forced on her, Nora couldn't talk about it. Even just thinking about it made it difficult to breathe.     
Nora knew that her father was curious about Commander George. It was not a secret that Commander George's villa was a no-go zone. George had his dedicated group of Omegas, and others couldn't enter.     
The truth was that no one cared about Omegas in the Red Moon pack. They were disposable. George could abuse them or use their limbs for sacrifices to ancient Gods, and no one would bat an eye. However, that didn't mean people were not curious.     
Beta Raymond wanted to know what was going on there and the only thing preventing him from storming the place was that he didn't want to offend George.     
Beta Raymond didn't like George. How did that youngster rise through the ranks so quickly? And another problem was that Alpha Edward praised George like he was the star of the pack. What did George do to make Alpha Edward accept him?     
Something was fishy there, and Beta Raymond needed information.     
That was a job for spies, and Nora was not one of those. Why did her father volunteer her for going to that place?     
"Why should I go…?" Nora grimaced as Beta Raymond's squeeze on her shoulders became painful.     
"I have my suspicions about him. You will go there and be extra friendly to those two Omegas. Make them like you. Ask questions without being obvious. Keep your eyes and your ears open. I want to know everything that's happening there. Be my eyes and ears, Nora. Can you do that much for your father?"         
Nora nodded weakly, and Beta Raymond loosened his grip on her shoulders.     
"Good girl, Nora. If you agreed immediately, we wouldn't need to go through this."     
###Chapter 915: Preparations for James' birthday party (4)
Chapter 915: Preparations for James' birthday party (4)
Accepting her fate of going to George's villa, Nora asked her father, "Am I going to get dresses to take there, or am I supposed to give them mine?"         
"Ana will bring some. You can also get a few of your old ones. The more you have for them to try, the longer you can stay there."     
Nora was not happy about this. Did she need to share her designer dresses with Omegas? But maybe they pick the ones that Ana brought and leave Nora's alone.     
At the thought of Ana, Nora had to ask, "Does an Omega have any formal dresses to give?"     
Beta Raymond turned to look at Nora. "She doesn't, but Marcy left some of her wardrobe behind."     
Nora doubted that any of those were still left. When Nora returned from the Dark Howlers pack, she went to Marcy's room to find only a few items still there. She was unsure if it was Ana or someone else, but they had already taken everything worth taking.     
"Is there something I should pay attention to while in Commander George's villa?" Nora asked.     
"Everything."     
"No one can see everything," Nora retorted. "What if I miss something important? There is a limit to how much one person can see." Not to mention that she can't report on anything because of the stupid blood oath!     
"That's why you are not going alone."     
Nora had a bad feeling about this. "Who else is going?"     
Right on cue, there was a knock on the door, and Ana appeared with four dresses on hangers. Nora's face fell when she realized that her father pointing at Ana indicated that Ana would join her.     
Nora didn't like it. Ana was an opportunist who was sticking close to Marcy, and now she was entertaining Alpha Edward's libido.     
It's not that Nora was enamored with Alpha Edward, but with Ana in the picture, Alpha Edward paid less attention to Nora, which meant she had fewer perks.     
"Isn't there anyone else who could accompany me on this trip?" Nora protested. She didn't want to go in the first place, and going with Ana only made everything less pleasant.     
Beta Raymond looked at Nora suspiciously. "Ana volunteered, and considering that everyone is busy with preparations for the event, we don't have many choices. Is there something wrong with her going?"     
Everything! "Not really. It's just as you said. With the party preparations ongoing, I assumed that Ana would be busy like other Omegas."     
"Preparations are done," Ana responded sourly. Did Nora need to point out how she is an Omega? "Things in the kitchen are moving along as planned, and so is setting up everything. Considering how much I've been working for the last ten days, I will count this as a little break."     
Nora stifled a laugh. "You need a break? Didn't you have one yesterday afternoon?"     
Ana's face darkened, and Beta Raymond raised his hand to get their attention.     
"This is not open for discussion. Both of you will go. Keep your eyes and ears open, and don't disappoint me." He waved at Nora to get going. "Pick a few dresses and head out. The sooner you leave, the more time you will have to investigate the situation there. Don't disappoint me."     
Nora pursed her lips and watched as her father walked out of her room.     
When the door closed, Nora crossed her arms over her chest and turned to Ana. "You volunteered? Don't tell me that you developed a soft spot for fellow Omegas?" Nora glanced at the dresses Ana was holding. "Did your heart break at the thought of needing to separate from those?"     
Ana looked at Nora smugly. "Keep barking. You can't harm me. If you try anything funny, I will tell Alpha Edward."     
Nora rolled her eyes. "Do you think he will side with an Omega compared to Beta's daughter?"     
"We won't know unless we try."         
"Should I mind-link him? I did that many times. Did you?"     
Ana glared at Nora, and Nora smiled victoriously with, "I thought so. Tell me why you are going or I will find a way to exclude you."     
"Those two are responsible for me being detained. Do you think I will miss this opportunity to get even?"     
"Aren't you afraid that Commander George will punish you again?"     
Ana shrugged. "He is working now, handling the security. I am going there on Alpha's orders. Will he dare to give me a hard time? My intention is not to trash the place, but accidents happen."     
Nora's expression was blank, but her eyes sparkled with mischief. Ana had no idea who George was. Didn't she realize how much Alpha Edward favored George? Even young Alpha James came second, after George. Ana wanted revenge against Omegas who were working in George's villa? Wouldn't it be wonderful if Ana causes a ruckus and George snaps her neck?     
On the other hand, if Ana was right and George was not at home, Nora could also snoop around. She couldn't disclose things to Alpha Edward or her father, but she could still find out useful things. Besides, if anything goes wrong, it will be Ana's fault.     
"Give me a minute to pick a few outfits, and then we can go," Nora said and walked to her closet with a spring in her step.     
Ana was confused by this sudden change in Nora's behavior. Was it because she remembered that Alpha Edward was upset when he heard that Ana was detained? No matter how much Nora hated Ana, Nora couldn't go against their Alpha, and Ana was getting his favors now.     
…     
Estelle opened the door to see Nora and Ana. One more Omega was there, a male in his late teens. He wore shabby clothes which spoke about his status as an Omega and was holding hangers with dresses that were in plastic garment bags.     
"Beta Raymond sent me here to help someone get ready for the party," Nora said. "I believe you are expecting me."     
Estelle confirmed. "They are expecting you in the living room. This way…"     
Nora and Ana looked in all directions as they entered the main hallway. It was clean, without glitz and glam. It was nothing special.     
Estelle took the dresses from the teen, and she called Adele to give instructions, "Take the boy to the kitchen and give him something to eat while he waits."     
The boy's eyes lit up, and he quickly followed after Adele without waiting to hear from Nora that he was dismissed. Luckily, Nora was too distracted by looking around to pay attention to the teen.     
Ana was an Omega also, but Estelle didn't want to be nice to her. Ana was wearing good clothes, and she held herself like Nora's peer and not as an Omega.     
Nora paused at the door of the living room when she saw Dawn, Zina, and another female… Talia. Why was Talia there? Nora had a bad feeling about this.     
Talia heard that Nora was coming, and she had a hunch that Nora would give them a hard time. She told Damon, Owen, and George to stay away because this was a matter between females.     
Damon didn't mind using this chance to sync up with Tony, Maddox, and Cristian, but he was worried that Talia's temper would flare when faced with Nora's stupidity.     
###Chapter 916: Preparations for James' birthday party (5)
Chapter 916: Preparations for James' birthday party (5)
Dawn and Zina didn't like Nora polluting the space with her presence, and they had a bad feeling when they saw Ana. Why did she come? Considering their encounter at the market, Ana was definitely up to no good.         
Nora didn't know much about Zina, but she was aware that Dawn was George's mate and the mistress of this villa, and everyone knew that George was not to be trifled with. And then there was Talia, who could decide on Nora's life and death with a thought. Nora didn't dare to show attitude while wondering why those three were sitting there.     
Dawn and Zina felt Talia's chilling aura that leaked from the moment the newcomers appeared. Dawn and Zina assumed that Talia's reaction was due to Nora. It was normal for Talia to show hostility because Nora was throwing herself at Damon to the point of ending in the dungeon of the Dark Howlers pack.     
Talia's vision zeroed on a female that was standing behind Nora.     
How could Talia forget her bully? More than Marcy and any other member of the Red Moon pack, Ana was the leader of bullies, the main character in nightmares that plagued Talia's dreams and reality, and here she was… standing behind Nora and looking around the living room without acknowledging the presence of her hosts. How rude. As always. Ana was so full of herself that she overlooked the danger she was in.     
Ana was happy to see Zina and Dawn present. She didn't care much about Talia, but she was delighted that Commander George and Owen were not in attendance. It was perfect for Ana to cause a mess. The only question was how to make those two pay for all the trouble they caused on the previous day.     
"This is what Miss Nora brought," Estelle broke the intense silence while placing the dresses on the backrest of the sofa chair that was free.     
"Thank you, Estelle. We will call you if we need something," Dawn said, and Estelle was glad she could leave the living room.     
Estelle was the only Omega in the Red Moon pack who knew about George's true identity, which meant Estelle was aware that Dawn was her Luna, and Luna could take care of herself. In the worst case, Dawn will kill them, and Estelle will get the task of digging a hole deep enough to hide their bodies so no one can find them.     
"Where are two females we should help get ready?" Nora asked Dawn politely. She wanted to be done with this business as soon as possible. She will come up with an excuse to her father later.     
"You are looking at them," Dawn responded while gesturing at herself and Zina.     
Nora's face fell. "The two of you?"     
Dawn smirked and instructed,  "Show us what you've brought."     
Nora had so many questions. Her father told her it was two random Omegas. How can Commander George's mate be random? Ana provoked them on the market! Well, Ana should deal with her mess.     
Nora waved at Ana with urgency. "Open them."     
Ana was not willing. "Why should I serve Omegas?"     
"Because I say so!" Nora hissed and turned to Ana. "You volunteered to come as my helper. Help, or I will send you back, and my father will hear about this."     
Nora made sure to hint how Ana came here of her own volition. Nora didn't want to be caught in whatever was about to happen between Ana and Dawn... and Talia.     
Ana was confused to see that Nora was… scared. What the heck was going on?     
Ana tugged on a zipper angrily, tearing the delicate plastic in the process.     
"I hope you won't accuse us of breaking those," Dawn said to Nora.     
"Of course, not. It's just a bag. You will get to keep what you choose."     
Dawn cocked an eyebrow. "Does that mean Ana tore my garment bag?"     
Ana couldn't hold it in anymore. "Who do you think you are? Just because we got orders to bring these and help you get ready, you can't boss us around. You should be grateful that… ugh…" Ana groaned when she felt an aura pressing on her.     
Talia stood up and stalked to Ana.     
"Miss Nora, your Omegas have no manners," Talia said. "I remember when you visited, you said that our Omegas lack discipline. How do you explain this?"         
Nora's lips trembled as she was suppressing her smile. Nora hoped that Ana would step on a landmine and invoke George's wrath, but upsetting Talia was an unexpected treat.     
"I apologize," Nora said with an exaggerated sigh. "We didn't teach them properly."     
"Who are you?" Ana asked Talia angrily the moment Talia retracted her aura.     
Talia was now standing only a step away from Ana. "You don't know who I am? I must say that I'm disappointed."     
Ana's brows came together in confusion. Why did Talia sound like they should know each other? And why was Talia's scent familiar?     
Talia watched as Ana's expression changed while pieces fell into place.     
"You are the rat who lived in the attic," Ana said in disbelief. "How is this possible?"     
"Is it so difficult to believe that a girl you bullied for years is right in front of you?"     
Dawn and Zina knew that Talia came from the Red Moon pack, but they didn't know the details.     
Dawn's heart ached when she remembered Talia's sorry appearance when she came to the Dark Howlers pack. A small, skinny girl, covered in bruises, quiet… and in the light of this information, it all made sense.     
Nora was totally confused. Why did Ana mention the attic? Nora recollected Marcy talking about a girl who stayed in the attic of their packhouse. Nora never paid attention to Omegas, and she never cared about dusty places like a basement or an attic, so she didn't take note of random talk about an Omega who disappeared from there, but… was that Talia?     
Talia enjoyed seeing Ana's face losing color as she realized the reality where a nobody from the attic now stood in front of her and was preventing her from moving.     
Ana couldn't move a finger, and she knew it was because of Talia.      
"You… you…" Ana stuttered while struggling to talk. "You can't do this. Alpha Edward will investigate. He will punish you for harming me."     
Talia shook her head. "It seems that a lowly Omega like yourself didn't hear the latest news. I wonder if Alpha Edward will care about an Omega to the point of offending an Alpha he wants an alliance with."     
Ana's eyes flashed in disbelief. "An Alpha?"     
Zina was happy she got to see that pompous Omega reduced to her size of nothingness, and she bit her lip so she doesn't spill the beans about Talia being not only Damon's Luna but also Alpha Natalia. Those were Talia's news to share, and she will do it in just a few hours, and Zina will be right there to witness it.     
"Open the garment bags," Talia ordered Ana, who moved robotically, unable to resist the command.     
They all stood in silence and watched as Ana took one by one dress out of garment bags and arranged them on the sofa carefully.     
###Chapter 917: Preparations for James' birthday party (6) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 917: Preparations for James' birthday party (6) [Bonus chapter]
Dawn was worried about this situation, and she asked Talia through the pack link, 'What will we do now? What if Ana tells Alpha Edward about your previous identity? The rumor is that he is shagging her.'         
'Let her talk,' Talia responded. 'People will call her crazy.'     
'Are you sure?'     
'Will you believe that Alpha Natalia is an Omega from the Red Moon pack?' Talia asked. 'Or will they believe I magically appeared and left this place without anyone noticing?'     
Dawn thought how that made sense. Before Dawn could ask her next question, Talia spoke again.     
'I still didn't decide if I will let her leave this place alive.'     
Dawn swallowed hard. This was not the kind Talia Dawn knew, but Dawn was aware that there was a lot of history between Talia and Ana. No matter what happened, Dawn had no intention of speaking for Ana.     
Dawn remembered one thing. 'Can you make sure there is no blood? The carpet is new.'     
'I will do my best,' Talia responded.     
Talia didn't think that Ana could cause much damage. Ana will probably run to Alpha Edward and say how Talia used to be an Omega in his pack, but there would be no proof since Talia was never an official member, and there were no records of her existence. Chances of Alpha Edward believing Ana would be slim, but even if it happened, what would he do with that information? Force her to come back? Would he dare to approach Alpha Natalia and ask her if she was one of his Omegas? If he did that, it would give Talia an excuse to squish him for the insult.     
'Are you planning of letting her go?' Liseli grumbled in Talia's mind.     
'I don't know,' Talia responded honestly. Talia didn't want to bully Ana. That would make her fall on Ana's level.     
'After all the nasty things Ana did to you…'     
Talia released a low growl that covered whatever Liseli said next.     
There was no need for Liseli to remind Talia about history related to Ana. Liseli was barely aware of what was going on, but Talia clearly remembered every time Ana came to the attic to assault her verbally and physically. At first, Talia didn't understand why Ana was angry, and later, it didn't matter. Ana was abusive, and Talia focused on curling up to minimize her injuries while hoping that Ana would stop and leave. It became a sick routine that made Talia's stomach churn with anger.     
'I don't know if I will let her live, but I assure you that her life will be hell,' Talia said.     
Zina was eyeing the dresses, and she clicked her tongue. "I am glad I got my clothes. These would make me look like a middle-aged woman… assuming they can accommodate my assets without bursting." Zina gestured toward her ample chest area.     
"Do you need to point out that you have a big rack?" Dawn asked irritably.     
"You would do the same if you had some," Zina said teasingly, and Dawn's eyes flashed in outrage.     
"There is such a thing as too much," Dawn squeezed through her teeth.     
"Right, right. Says every flat-chested girl. The next thing you will tell me is that the beauty is on the inside, like every ugly girl."     
"Did you call me ugly?"     
Zina raised her hands defensively. "Did I mention your name? It's not my fault if you found yourself in there..."     
Nora stood on the side, wondering if she could stealthily leave this villa and pretend she was never here. Dawn and Zina were bickering, Talia was totally focused on Ana, so… maybe?     
Nora was tied by a blood oath, so she couldn't betray Talia and Damon. There was also a clause about George, Dawn, James, Cornelia, and anything she witnessed while in the Dark Howlers pack.     
Nora could reveal that Zina was in George's villa, but that didn't sound very important. If she gave that bit, her father would press her for more, and she couldn't say more, so it was safest not to say anything.         
Nora made a small step backward, and another, and another… and she was almost at the door when…     
"Ugh…" Nora suppressed her cry of surprise when she bumped into something solid.     
Her head whipped back to see Damon standing there.     
"Where are you going?" Damon asked while glaring at Nora, who quickly took three steps away from him, careful to move to the right so she didn't get too close to Talia.     
"Why are you here?" Talia asked Damon.     
Dawn and Zina stopped talking like someone flipped the off switch. They wondered how much Damon heard. Did they embarrass themselves in front of their Alpha? Probably.     
Damon's face was arranged into a frown as he walked toward Talia like no one else was in the room.     
Damon could feel Talia's emotions, and he knew she was not happy. She promised only to threaten Nora a bit. Now that he got to see the situation, Damon realized that Talia didn't pay attention to Nora at all. Instead, Talia was focused on a no-name Omega who was bent awkwardly, obviously under the pressure of Talia's aura.     
The mood in the room changed with Damon's appearance. Damon looked angry, but Talia knew he was worried.     
"Didn't we agree you would stay out of sight and let me handle this?" Talia asked.     
"Didn't we agree you won't exert yourself?" Damon responded with a question, and the way he embraced her gently didn't match his stern expression. "You broke the agreement first, kitten."     
Talia wanted to protest, but Damon was right. She was upset, and he was more protective as her pregnancy progressed. Talia retracted her aura and leaned on Damon.     
"I'm sorry, Damon."     
"It's OK," he murmured into her hair. As long as she was OK, it was OK, but he wished that Talia would stop taking risks.     
Talia relaxed against him, and Damon could feel that her emotions were still unstable. He turned toward the Omega in question (aka Ana).     
"Who is this?" Damon asked.     
Ana's mouth ran dry. She didn't recognize Talia because the latter was well dressed, her hair was neatly combed, and her skin was clean, but Ana definitely recognized Damon, the most powerful Alpha in their generation.     
Ana was confused. Why was Alpha Damon so gentle toward Talia? There was a rumor that Alpha Damon found his Luna, and… Ana swayed as the whole room spun when she realized that the female she tortured for years was Damon's mate.     
"I… I'm sorry," Ana stuttered. "If I knew, I wouldn't…" She couldn't make herself speak further.     
"You wouldn't what?" Damon asked while narrowing his eyes at Ana.     
Talia released a long breath. "Do you remember the story of how some Omegas bullied me in the Red Moon pack?"     
Damon nodded stiffly.     
How could Damon forget? Talia didn't tell him much, but what she shared was more than enough. Doctor Travis said that some of Talia's injuries were old, and Talia explained that Marcy was there only for a few days, and before that, it was a group of Omegas who would come to nitpick and beat Talia for the smallest reasons and sometimes they didn't bother with reasons at all.     
Talia tilted her head toward Ana, and she said to Damon, "Meet Ana."     
"Ahh!" Ana shrieked as she fell to the floor.          
###Chapter 918: Preparations for James' birthday party (7)
Chapter 918: Preparations for James' birthday party (7)
Ana was curled up in a fetal position on the floor, and the cracking sounds were her bones shattering under Damon's Alpha aura.         
Since meeting Talia, Damon was suppressing murderous urges every time he saw Marcy, Alpha Edward, Elders who were trying to get him married to random women, and anyone who dared to cause grievances to Talia.     
He was justifying his lack of action as protecting Talia, but there were times when he wondered if that was the right thing to do.     
Damon could not change the past, but now they decided to stop hiding Talia's identity, and Damon wanted to make up for all the times he didn't act how an Alpha should when his mate was bullied.     
Damon increased his pressure, and Ana's mouth opened in a silent scream as her vision darkened.     
"Don't spill blood on the carpet," Talia said to Damon with urgency. "It's new."     
"Who cares about the carpet?" Damon grumbled. "We will roll this trash in it, and I will buy George a new one." He looked at Ana. "So, you are the one who touched my mate? Tell me, how should I punish you?" Damon knew Ana couldn't respond, but he wanted her to know why she was suffering retribution.     
Nora looked at this from the side while trying to diminish her presence. Damon was angry, and she didn't want to join Ana on the floor.     
Nora thought it was lucky that she never touched Talia, so Damon won't kill her. Hopefully.     
Talia put her hand over Damon's forearm. "Let me do it."     
Damon looked at Talia dejectedly. Did she forget she was growing his child in her belly? He wanted Talia to save her energy for necessities, and getting rid of one Omega was not a necessity.     
"Why don't you rest?" Damon asked Talia.     
"If I wanted to rest, I would stay home. I knew that coming here would be unpleasant. Meeting Ana is just a bonus. She bullied me for many years. If you punish her in my place, it will feel empty."     
Damon puffed his cheeks and retracted his aura.     
Talia looked at Ana who was barely breathing, and Talia got an idea.     
"I want her blindfolded."     
Dawn stuck her hand between the cushions of the sofa and produced a black leather facemask. It would look like a sleeping mask, but this one was not soft or cushioned, and Talia wondered what Dawn and George did in this living room so that Dawn had such things handy.     
Dawn used the facemask to secure Ana's eyes closed, and Ana had no strength to resist.     
Next, Talia leaned over Ana and extended her hands which started lighting up with a silvery glow.     
Everything was perfectly silent as Talia used her ability to heal Ana's wounds.     
Nora craned her neck to see better what was going on. She gave up on the idea of escaping the place.     
Ana didn't dare to move as Talia removed the blindfold.      
Ana wondered what had happened. She couldn't see a thing, but she felt something soothing, and she was not in pain anymore. Did she imagine it?     
"Leave," Talia said.     
"You are letting her go?" Dawn asked, visibly confused.     
Talia didn't respond to Dawn as she was focused on Ana. "Do you want me to change my mind?"         
Ana blinked, and then she scurried out of the door, and she ran through the hallway, out of the villa, into the woods, and she continued running until she was out of sight.     
"Why did you let her go?" Zina asked. "She will tell Alpha Edward what happened here."     
"I'm counting on it," Talia said. "Dawn, talk to George, so your stories match. Nora came here with Ana. While Nora was helping you with clothes, Ana sneaked out and tried to seduce George, who kicked her out. Fill in any missing details."     
They all stared at Talia, and it was Nora who understood Talia's intention. "Ana will tell Alpha Edward that you are here, and she was bullied, but you will twist it into lies Ana created because George rejected her. Since Ana is Alpha Edward's squeeze, he will be furious that she sought another man, and he won't believe her. Hahaha!" Nora ended with an evil laugh.     
Talia had to admit that Nora was right. She wanted Ana to suffer, just as Talia did while Ana bullied her. It was not about the beatings; it was about isolation and no one helping or offering a kind word.     
Ana will tell Alpha Edward how Talia and Damon were in George's villa, that Damon's Luna came from the attic of the Red Moon pack, and that Ana's bones were broken, but there will be no proof for any of it.     
If Ana was convincing enough, Alpha Edward might send someone to check on George's villa and risk offending George, but he will not dare to act against Alpha Natalia or Alpha Damon solely based on a word from an Omega.     
Ana's story will be unbelievable, to begin with, and without proof, Alpha Edward will call her a liar. Like that, Ana will lose the big thigh she was hugging, which will cause others to stop tolerating her because of Alpha Edward's protection. Ana will feel the pain of being shunned by everyone, and then… then Talia will teach her a lesson while others are watching, and no one will come to Ana's aid.     
'Good plan, kid,' Liseli praised Talia.     
Nora was giggling while talking, "Alpha Edward will discard her. Ana will be punished, and I can't wait to see that skunk reduced to where she belongs."     
"It takes a skunk to recognize one," Zina said from the side. No one liked Ana, but they also didn't like Nora.     
Nora glared at Zina, and Talia waved her hand to get their attention. "Let's not bicker." She turned to Nora. "Like it or not, you are with us on this."     
"I would join hands with rogues if that means getting rid of Ana," Nora admitted her thoughts. "Enemy of my enemy is my friend, so we are friends now."     
Talia wondered, how Nora could talk shamelessly about Ana when they were the same? Talia also had a belly full of grievances against Nora, but Nora was a lesser evil when compared to Ana.     
"I assume that Alpha Edward sent you here with an agenda," Talia said to Nora. "Work with Dawn, Zina, Owen, and George to come up with a matching story. If you return to Alpha Edward empty-handed, you will be punished, so it's in your interest to cooperate."     
Nora had to admit that Talia's point was valid.     
Dawn was already on her phone, texting George to come to the living room with Owen. She wondered how the guys would react to this development.     
Damon was staring at Talia with an unreadable expression. He didn't know that his kitten could be this devious and calculative, and he didn't hate it, not even a little bit.     
Damon was angry at Alpha Edward, Alpha Howard, Alpha Sophia, Alpha Isaac, Cassandra's prophecy, and this whole pack for making Talia believe she was not important. They neglected her to the point of endangering Liseli, yet Talia was a daughter of an Alpha and a Guardian, and she was brilliant in every way possible. Actually, if Talia's background was not so impressive, she would probably die under such circumstances.     
Talia turned to Damon, and she wondered why he was frowning. His emotional turmoil didn't make sense. "We should leave in case Alpha Edward sends his people. I assume we have ten minutes, maybe fifteen."     
Damon couldn't wait to leave this place. The villa was big, but it felt crowded. Keith and the guys should be close also, so they can all enter the packhouse together and face another set of challenges.     
###Chapter 919: Preparations for James' birthday party (8)
Chapter 919: Preparations for James' birthday party (8)
In the packhouse of the Red Moon pack…         
The time for the party was approaching, and Damon was in the bathroom, getting ready after shower.     
He had black pants and a black shirt with silver embroidery on the chest pocket and collar. His outfit was opposite of Talia's knee-length white cocktail dress with silver embroidery along the neckline that matched the design on Damon's shirt. Couple's outfits!     
Talia looked fantastic, and Damon regretted that her stomach was not showing.     
Damon picked those clothes, and they represented them perfectly. Damon was the dark, while Talia was his light, and their wolves approved.     
Damon ran his hand through his damp hair while nodding in approval at his reflection in the mirror, and then he exited the bathroom.     
Damon halted at the door and frowned at the crowded room.     
He left Talia on the bed to rest. They both tidied up in the Dark Howlers pack before coming via a teleportation spell, so there was no need to shower, but Nora bumped into Damon earlier, and Damon didn't want to risk Nora's scent lingering on him and upsetting Talia.     
Why were Cornelia, Mindy, Gideon, Keith, Arya, Tyler, and Sandy also there? How long did he take in the shower? He was worried that this packhouse was full of bad memories for Talia, so he hurried to get ready, but it seemed he was not fast enough because people invaded their space in his absence.     
Talia was sitting on the sofa with Keith and Arya standing behind her in attention. Cornelia was sitting on Talia's left, while Sandy and Tyler were on Talia's right. Gideon was on the sofa chair with Mindy on his lap.      
Every pack got two rooms in the packhouse and additional lodging in the side buildings. Since Damon and Talia represented two packs, they got four rooms in total. Damon and Talia shared one room, so they gave one room to Keith and Arya, who were originally assigned a room in the side building. Tyler and Sandy were in the third room and Mindy and Gideon were in the fourth one. That left Cornelia without a bedroom, but she was planning to spend her night with James, so she didn't need a room anyway.     
Talia's eyes flashed when she saw Damon standing at the bathroom door with half of his chest exposed, and she moved swiftly to button up his shirt.     
"Why are you exposing yourself?" Talai grumbled.     
Damon smirked. "Is my mate jealous?"     
"Jealous of what? Everyone here is mated," Talia responded. And they were her friends who wouldn't dare to jeopardize their friendship or their lives (if Talia loses it).     
Talia realized that her words and actions didn't match. She exhaled helplessly. "Seriously, these pregnancy hormones are messing with my reasoning."     
"I love to see you possessively claiming me as yours, kitten," Damon said while leaning for a kiss. "Please, continue. Lock me up and wrap me in a blanket. I won't resist as long as you are wrapped in it with me. If you are this domineering because of pregnancy, I will ensure you are always pregnant."     
Talia wanted to respond snarkily or slap his shoulder, but he was kissing her, and it was more than nice, so she ended up hugging him and responding to his kisses eagerly.     
Gideon cleared his throat to get everyone's attention, "As we were saying, before Alpha Damon came, we are worried about the security. This is a party, but we are in enemy territory and can't relax. We should stay vigilant and leave pleasure for later."     
Gideon was talking in general, but everyone knew he was talking about Talia and Damon, who were still kissing.     
"There is no reason for us to skip on fun," Sandy responded. "Even fighting can be fun if it's done right."     
"Agreed," Arya said enthusiastically, and then she looked at Talia apprehensively. "I mean… if Luna says so."     
Talia couldn't speak with Damon's tongue down her throat, and no one dared to interrupt them.     
"Youngsters…" Gideon grumbled.     
Mindy poked Gideon's shoulder with her finger. "Why are you talking like you are old? You will be a father in a few short months."     
Gideon puffed his chest at Mindy's words. He was the oldest one in the room, by far, but he had a youthful mate and a baby on the way, and that made him feel like a twenty-something years-old guy.         
"Did you hear if there will be a ceremony tonight?" Tyler asked.     
It was normal for ceremonies to happen on auspicious days like the equinox, the solstice, and the full moon. Birthdays of members of the Alpha family could be classified as important. However, the invitation didn't mention a ceremony.     
Cornelia responded, "The Shaman of the Red Moon pack said that the position of celestial bodies was not favorable."     
Gideon snorted. "What nonsense. Celestial bodies might change position, but they are never fully favorable. The trick is to tap into nurturing energies while avoiding negativity."     
Mindy looked at Gideon with stars in her eyes. "And that's why the Dark Howlers pack is so much better than any other."     
Gideon didn't deny it. His wolf was not of Alpha bloodline, but he outlived many Alphas. Gideon attributed that to the ceremonies he performed over the years, each of them boosting his body and his wolf spirit.  But Gideon couldn't boast shamelessly. "Every Shaman should know that even though the celestial alignment is not fully supportive, the ceremony will still be beneficial."     
"Do you think the Shaman of the Red Moon pack is involved with rogues?" Damon asked. At some point, he and Talia stopped kissing and paid attention to the conversation in the room.     
"It's possible," Gideon responded. "However, I wouldn't say that he is involved. More like... aware of it and not approving."     
"Explain," Damon demanded of Gideon.     
"During the ceremony, everyone focuses on the Shaman, and then there is a post-ceremony buzz that makes you feel high and muddles with perception. If the Shaman suspects that rogues are coming, he might use the unfavorable alignment in the sky as an excuse to avoid the ceremony."     
"Do you think we should reach out to the Shaman?" Talia asked Damon, who nodded faintly in response.     
The reports of the Red Moon pack barely mention their Shaman, and James and George didn't call him out as either Alpha Edward's supporter or opponent, so Damon didn't think the guy was important.     
What if the Shaman is keeping a low profile because he knows things and disapproves of Alpha Edward's doings but doesn't dare to retaliate openly? If Shaman cares about the pack and pack members, he might be willing to work against a destructive Alpha in favor of saving his pack members.     
"We should investigate this," Damon said. "Shaman has access to the pack members that's second to Alpha's. Considering the number of guests tonight, I assume their Shaman will attend this party. We should approach him and see how things go. If he disapproves of Alpha Edward's methods, he could be a powerful ally." The guy probably won't work against Alpha Edward, but preventing weak-minded members from retaliating when the fight erupts would be helpful.     
Mindy's hand shot up in the air. "My mate and I will be on it."     
Gideon frowned. "We will?"     
"Mhm," Mindy confirmed with a hum. "As a Shaman, you can approach your fellow Shaman for chit-chat. With your keen senses and wisdom, I'm sure you can dig out something useful."     
Gideon's frown eased up, and he ended up smiling at Mindy. How could he decline when Mindy praised him in front of everyone?     
###Chapter 920: Liar, liar (1)
Chapter 920: Liar, liar (1)
In Alpha Edward's study…         
Beta Raymond, Alpha Edward, and James were listening to Ana's story about what happened in George's villa.     
It was Ana's fifth time recollecting the events. She was frustrated that they were asking her to repeat the same things. Why can't they understand that Alpha Damon's Luna was a skanky Omega from the attic of their packhouse? That same Omega was now in Commander George's villa along with Alpha Damon. And Ana was bullied!     
Beta Raymond and Alpha Edward exchanged thoughts through the mind link, and James used this opportunity to ask George without others noticing.     
'What happened at your place?'     
'I'm sure Ana told you,' George responded.     
'How will you handle it?'     
'We have a plan.'     
'Do you need me to help?'     
George thought for a second before responding, 'You were not here, so you don't know what happened. Depending on how it goes, remind Alpha Edward to check with me before doing something that can't be taken back.'     
Ana stood in front of Alpha Edward's desk while shifting on her legs impatiently. She was confident that Alpha Edward would send warriors to storm George's villa and start a war with the Dark Howlers pack or something… anything other than this lack of action.     
"Excuse me, Alpha Edward," Ana called. "What are you going to do about this?"     
Beta Raymond frowned at this. "You said that Alpha Damon and Luna Talia are in Commander George's villa and that they seemed friendly." Ana nodded, and Beta Raymond asked his next question, "Where was Nora?" He didn't care about the part where Talia was an Omega from the Red Moon pack.     
"Nora was right there, watching as they tortured me, and she didn't move a finger!"     
Beta Raymond's eyes lost focus for a moment, and then he frowned at Ana. "Nora says that she just finished dressing up Lieutenant Owen's mate and her friend who is visiting. She said that other than you bailing out on her shortly after arriving, there were no other incidents. Do you care to explain?"     
Ana's eyes moved randomly while she processed this information. "Nora is in cahoots with them!"     
"What!?" Beta Raymond shouted.     
Alpha Edward raised his hand, indicating to Beta Raymond to calm down.     
Alpha Edward knew that Ana's story sounded unbelievable, but he also knew that she wouldn't dare to lie about it. It was not a secret that Alpha Edward was merciless, and Omega deceiving him would be equal to courting death. Ana was greedy and unscrupulous, but she was not stupid.     
"Nora spent time in the Dark Howlers pack, and so did Commander George," Alpha Edward shared his thoughts for everyone to hear. "It wouldn't be unexpected that they developed some… friendships."     
James watched as his father's eyes moved to scrutinize him, and he knew that he just became a suspect.     
"Friendships?" James asked. "I wouldn't go that far. George and Alpha Damon sparred, but I didn't see them socializing outside of that. Regardless of their relationship, I must notice a few issues with Ana's story."  James made a dramatic pause before asking questions, "How could Alpha Damon and Luna Talia be in George's villa without anyone knowing? Didn't they arrive half an hour ago with their party? Our warriors saw them exit the garage together. Unless they can magically teleport, I don't see how that's possible."     
"Are you saying that Ana is lying?" Alpha Edward asked.     
James raised his hands. "I wouldn't dare. I was in my room with the tailor for the final fitting before I came here, so I have no idea what transpired. But I must ask Ana…" He turned to look at the Omega in question. "Let's assume your story is true, Luna Talia was there, and she bullied you while Nora stood on the side. Considering that Nora is returning to the packhouse without raising alarms, we can assume that her visit there went without incidents."     
James turned to his father. "We are monitoring all electronic communication. If Nora formed friendships with people from the Dark Howlers pack, they would stay in touch. We know for a fact that there were no emails, messages, or phone calls between Nora and anyone from the Dark Howlers pack. We know that Nora caused an incident there and spent time in their dungeon. It doesn't make sense that a prideful she-wolf like Nora would be friends with people who made her suffer."     
James waited for Alpha Edward to nod in agreement before turning to Ana. "Do you think we are stupid? Why would Luna Talia pick to torture you instead of Beta's daughter? Did you reveal information on the packhouse? Did you tell them about my father's schedule?"         
Ana shook her head vigorously. "No, no. I didn't say a thing!"     
"How is that possible?" James asked while rubbing his chin. "If Luna Talia has Alpha Aura, she could force you to talk."     
"She didn't," Ana was quick to say. "She didn't ask me any questions."     
"Are you saying that Alpha Damon and his Luna sneaked into Commander George's house to torture you without getting anything in return?"     
"They didn't sneak in. They were comfortable, and people there didn't react to their presence."     
"You say they didn't sneak in, yet our border patrols didn't report their entrance."     
Ana glared at James. "I don't know how border patrols work, but if we have rogues sneaking in, why can't an Alpha?"     
"Makes sense," James said. "But it still doesn't explain why they didn't ask you any questions. Did you tell them something sensitive, and now you are trying to cover it up by accusing our border patrols of being faulty?"     
"Stop twisting my words!" Ana hissed.     
"I am not twisting anything," James said. "I am just repeating what you said and trying to make sense of it. You said that you went with Nora to help two Omegas get ready for the party, but instead, you found three females, one of them was Luna Talia of the Dark Howlers pack. Luna Talia bullied you and exposed herself as an Omega from the Red Moon pack, and then Alpha Damon also appeared, and they tortured you without reason and without asking questions."     
"The reason is that I recognized her!" Ana shouted.     
James raised his hand, indicating that he was not done. "And then… they let you go. Which part of that makes sense? The one that Luna Talia was working in this packhouse? Or the one where you were tortured by an Alpha just an hour ago, and you are standing here without a single scratch on your body?"     
Alpha Edward frowned at this. He had a feeling that Ana was not lying, but James' words made sense.      
Alpha Edward never thought of James as a smart kid. Was Ana's story so full of holes that even someone like James could find flaws? Alpha Damon and Luna Talia would know that letting Ana leave after seeing them would be disastrous. And then there was the point of Ana being perfectly fine.     
Alpha Edward finally spoke, "Didn't you say that they broke your bones?" And there was something related to people worrying about messing up the carpet.     
"They did, they did!" Ana said, and she extended her arms to show injuries, but she realized that her flesh was perfectly fine.      
Ana paused. Did Alpha Edward think of her as a liar? That was a possibility. But she was still there, talking, and he was listening, so she was confident that it was not in vain. He will go and check and see that her story was not made up, and then she will become more useful, which comes with more perks!     
###Chapter 921: Liar, liar (2)
Chapter 921: Liar, liar (2)
Beta Raymond cleared his throat to get everyone's attention. "Nora will be here in a few minutes. I suggest we wait to hear what she has to say."         
"While we wait, why don't you contact George?" James asked Alpha Edward and Beta Raymond.     
"He was not there," Ana said right away.     
James narrowed his eyes at Ana. "George is a Commander in the Red Moon pack. That's the highest position among our warriors. He is also my mentor, and I know he is loyal to the pack. If Alpha Damon and Luna Talia were in his home, he would know about it. Or are you suggesting he was concealing them so they could bully you? Are you that important?"     
Ana lowered her head, and James snorted with, "I agree with Beta Raymond. Let's wait for Nora and hear what happened there because Ana's story doesn't make sense. Ana was either brainwashed, went mad, or deceiving us on purpose. In any case, she is compromised and should not be allowed anywhere near the packhouse."     
Ana's chin trembled as an ominous feeling gripped her heart. Did her fate depend on Nora? Ana never got along with Nora, and she knew that Nora would use this opportunity to get rid of her.     
"What can Ana gain by accusing Commander George of treason?" Beta Raymond asked, and no one had an answer to this question.     
Ana looked at Alpha Edward desperately. "I implore you to believe me. This pack is in danger. You are in danger."     
"We are always in danger," Beta Raymond said.     
"But this is real. It is happening right now and right here. Commander George is a traitor, and his whole villa is colluding against us!"     
"I suggest you stop talking," James said curtly. "Do you know what you are saying? You just accused the best Commander of this pack of treason! You sound like a crazy person. Did you overwork yourself for this party?"     
'KNOCK-KNOCK!'     
Two crisp knocks were heard on the door, and Beta Raymond went to open it.     
"Who is that?" Alpha Edward asked while pointing at the teen who came with Nora.     
"That's Oscar," Nora responded. "He accompanied me and Ana to Commander George's villa. Since you have questions about what happened there, I thought you would want to hear from everyone."     
Alpha Edward waved at the boy to start talking.     
"Uhm…" He didn't know what to say.     
"Go on," Nora encouraged him. "Just tell them what happened at Commander George's villa."     
"He was not there," Ana protested.     
"He was," Nora said. "We arrived together, and I left with him. How can you say he was not there? Who carried the garment bags?"     
"Let him talk," Alpha Edward said while checking the time. The party was close to starting, and instead of welcoming guests, he was dealing with this drama. But if Ana's words were true, it would be a big mistake to dismiss them.     
Oscar fidgeted, and he spoke without lifting his head. "We arrived, and Estelle took the garment bags."     
"Estelle is an Omega from Commander George's villa," Nora said quickly.     
"Adele showed me to the kitchen, and they gave me food. I said that I shouldn't be there lazing, but they said there was no work left and that I shouldn't be in the room where females were changing clothes, so I stayed in the kitchen. It didn't pass long when there was a commotion, and when I reached the hallway, I saw Ana running out of the villa. I wanted to go after her, but since Miss Nora was still there, I stayed."     
"And then?" Beta Raymond asked.     
"Then… they gave me more food, and I left with Miss Nora."         
"Did you hear anything suspicious or see someone that shouldn't be there?" Beta Raymond asked.     
Oscar shook his head. "Just Omegas working there. Estelle, Adele, and Cherry. They have been with Commander George since he got his position as a General and are taking care of his villa. They said there were four more Omegas, but they were not around. Estelle is the oldest one, and she manages it…"     
"Enough," Alpha Edward interrupted Oscar. It was obvious that the boy didn't know anything. "You can leave."     
Oscar left the study, and Alpha Edward turned to Nora. "What do you have to say?"     
Nora said the story they prepared. How she came with Ana and Oscar, and Nora and Ana went to the living room to see Zina and Dawn.     
"There was no one else?" Alpha Edward asked.     
"Estelle brought the garments, and she would occasionally come to bring refreshments, but there was no one else."     
"Liar!" Ana hissed.     
Nora rolled her eyes. "How would you know when you left?"     
"I assigned both of you to go there. Why did Ana leave?" Beta Raymond asked Nora.     
Nora fidgeted before responding, "We were there less than 5 minutes when Ana excused herself to the bathroom. I assumed that she went to snoop around, just as you told us, so I focused on two Omegas to keep attention on me. The next thing I know, there was some shouting, and Ana ran away."     
"Shouting?" Alpha Edward asked.     
Nora pressed her lips into a line and lowered her head.     
"What are you not telling us?" Beta Raymond demanded.     
Nora whimpered. "Please, dad… Don't be angry at me. I had no idea Ana would do such a thing."     
Beta Raymond hated Nora's dramatic personality change, but they had an audience, so he spoke calmly, "Don't worry. If you did nothing wrong, you won't be punished, but we need to know, what did Ana do?"     
Nora released a long breath. "I'm not sure what exactly happened, but Ana ran out, and then Commander George came, furious that she went into his study. He was shouting about her looking at important documents and then coming onto him, and he said she was lucky that Alpha Edward was protecting her; otherwise, he would kill her on the spot."     
Beta Raymond turned to Ana robotically. "You went into Commander George's study?" And got caught? He told her to snoop around, not to be stupid!     
"I didn't!"     
"How dare you make up stuff in front of your Alpha!?" Nora asked Ana in outrage. "Why would Commander George lie about you coming onto him? Do you think a man of his stature is lacking women?"     
"I didn't come onto him!" Ana cried. What kind of a nonsense story was that? She didn't even see the man!     
Nora rolled her eyes. "Tell that to someone who is blind. Commander George is young, handsome, and powerful. Only a blind woman would pass on a chance to get close to him but sneaking into Commander George's study is too much. Are you upset because he rejected your advances? Are you hoping that Alpha Edward will punish him for you? Did your recent promotion get into your head?"     
James stood up and looked at Ana sternly. "For your good, I suggest you come clean, or you will be punished for lying to your Alpha and smearing the reputation of Commander George. Did you accuse him of treason because he refused to shag you? Or because he caught you in his office? Who do you think you are? Who gave you the right to snoop around? Are you going to tell us how you were unaware that a Commander has classified information in his possession? For whom are you working? Is it the Dark Howlers pack? Or is it the Steelbite pack? Rogues?"     
Ana felt the ground under her feet shaking. What the hell was going on!? Why did accusations become graver the longer James spoke? Was he doing it on purpose, or did the dim-witted teen believe she was a spy from another pack?     
###Chapter 922: Liar, liar (3)
Chapter 922: Liar, liar (3)
Ana gritted her teeth in anger. Why was James twisting everything? Unless… Ana's eyes widened. "You are also with them!"         
Before anyone could react, James crossed the distance between Ana and him and held Ana by her neck, lifting her off the ground.     
Nora quickly took a step back from Ana. This was the second time today for Ana to be attacked, and Nora didn't want to be a side casualty of a brawl that had nothing to do with her. Well, almost nothing to do with her.     
"What did you say?" James squeezed through his teeth while glaring at Ana.     
Ana clawed at his hand, trying to pry it free, but it was in vain. How can a sixteen years-old be so strong? Why was no one helping her?     
Alpha Edward and Beta Raymond stared at James in disbelief. He moved so quickly that they didn't see it happening. And what was this volatile energy radiating from James? That was not normal.     
Ana looked at Alpha Edward tearfully, silently asking to be spared.     
"Don't kill her," Alpha Edward said, and James loosened his grip, but he didn't let her go.     
"I am the next Alpha of the Red Moon pack, and this lowly Omega accused me of being a traitor," James said icily without removing his glare from Ana. "Traitor of what will be mine? Why are you protecting her? How far can her boldness go? After what I've seen here, I am confident that this Omega is dangerous to our pack. You taught me that it's best to remove dangers as soon as possible."     
James turned to look at his father. "What will we do if her nonsense reaches Alpha Damon and his Luna? Don't tell me you believe the story of how Alpha Damon's Luna used to live in the attic of our packhouse and that she was cleaning restrooms during the night while concealing her presence to the point of none of us sensing her. How can someone with the qualities of a Luna go unnoticed? How could she be Alpha Damon's Luna without leaving our pack? If Ana's story is correct, Luna Talia was in this packhouse at the same time when Marcy was here. Did you feel the bond breaking in the last few months?"     
Alpha Edward's jaw ticked. He didn't. Sure, a few Omegas found their mates in different packs, and they left, but every bond breaking was accounted for, and none of the Omegas who left resembled Alpha Damon's Luna.     
James continued talking.     
"And let's assume Ana's story is true and Alpha Damon's Luna was an Omega in our pack. How can that information benefit us now that she is his Luna? Our spies confirmed that her Luna ceremony was complete. She belongs to the Dark Howlers pack, and us bringing up her past will either enrage her because it's a bunch of lies or won't make a difference because we can't touch her." James was tightening his grip on Ana's neck. "I should snap her neck just for daring to lie in your face. She wanted to manipulate you in order to conceal her failure to seduce Commander George."     
"Don't!" Alpha Edward exclaimed. "As an Alpha, I will deal with this. Leave us. I want to have a word with Ana."     
Beta Raymond hesitated. If Alpha Edward just wanted to talk or kill, there was no need for privacy.     
Beta Raymond knew that his Alpha was lecherous and that Ana was attractive and willing, and he feared that she would be able to convince Alpha Edward to change his mind.     
"Are you sure that's a good idea?" Beta Raymond asked. "Maybe I should stay and…"     
"Leave!" Alpha Edward said angrily. Why were Raymond, James, and Nora still in the study? "The guests are here. Welcome them and represent the pack until I join you. All three of you."     
With Beta Raymond, Nora, and James leaving the office, it was just Ana and Alpha Edward.     
"You believe me, don't you?" Ana asked fearfully while rubbing her aching neck.     
"I want to," Alpha Edward said while standing up from his seat and making his way toward Ana. "But… how can I when so many things don't make sense?"     
He put his hands at the collar of her shirt, and in one swift move, the fabric was torn. Before Ana could react, all her other clothes were gone, leaving her completely naked.     
She inhaled a shaky breath. Alpha Edward would eagerly pounce on her, but he was never this enthusiastic to the point of tearing everything.     
Alpha Edward could pick up the scent of her arousal, but he was not in the mood to fool around.     
"Turn around," Alpha Edward said, and she obeyed.     
Ana made a full circle to see him frown while visually examining her body.         
"You said they tortured you," Alpha Edward said. "How come there is not a single bruise?" Other than the one in the shape of James' palm on her neck.     
Ana was not sure how to respond to this. "They blindfolded me, and I felt a cooling sensation, and after that, I was fine."     
"Did they give you some medicine?"     
"I'm not sure. My healing was always better than an average Omega."     
'SLAP!'     
A harsh slap landed on Ana's face, filled with the strength of an Alpha. Ana lost her balance and fell to the floor.     
Ana held her throbbing cheek. "Why did you hit me?"     
"To see how good your healing is." Alpha Edward squatted next to Anna and pulled her hand away.     
The pink was turning into an angry red, and he knew it would become purple soon. There was also that bruise on Ana's neck, but Alpha Edward didn't know how much force James used, so he couldn't gauge the seriousness of that injury.     
"If they tortured you and you ran back here, it can't be more than fifteen minutes before I saw you."     
That would put her healing rate to be faster than an Alpha could have. After all, she mentioned broken bones.     
While waiting for time to run out, Alpha Edward mind-linked George, who confirmed Nora's story. George said he was doing a final check of security procedures for the event, and when he got into his study, Ana was there. She tried to wiggle out of charges of spying by coming onto him.     
'Why didn't you tell me about it?' Alpha Edward asked George. 'You should know that Ana works in the packhouse. If she is a spy working here, it would be dangerous.'     
'I would tell you after the party,' George said.     
'Why the delay?'     
'This is a big event, and it wouldn't be good if you are distracted by this matter. As an Alpha, it's best if you focus on our guests, otherwise, they might suspect we have problems with our pack,' George explained. 'I assigned warriors to keep an eye on Ana, so we make sure she doesn't cause further damage, and we might find out for whom she is working.'     
'You think she is working for someone?'     
'That's the only conclusion I have. As an Omega, she wouldn't have the courage to pry into secretive information. And what would she do with it? If you, Beta Raymond, or other Commanders wanted to know about security procedures I am working on, you have clearance, and all you need to do is ask. Why send an Omega to spy? But things didn't work out as planned. I caught her, and she told me how she had admired me for a long time. She started undressing, and then I kicked her out…'     
###Chapter 923: Liar, liar (4)
Chapter 923: Liar, liar (4)
Alpha Edward had to acknowledge that George's story matched what Nora and that Omega boy (aka Oscar) have said.         
It all pointed to Ana being a spy. Ana was born in the Red Moon pack. Since when was she working as a spy? For whom? Was that why she spread her legs for him? Alpha Edward had so many questions and he was unsure what to do. Was he compromised?     
'Ana is in my office. What should I do with her?' Alpha Edward asked George.     
'I suggest you don't bring up the spying, and we try to use Ana to see who hired her. But if you think she is onto us knowing, then it's better to cut our losses and imprison her before she tips off her employer. She knows that traitors have only one ending so we can't assume that she will tell us the truth. We might as well start with torture right away…'     
'Dear? Am I interrupting?' Luna Layla's impatient voice sounded in Alpha Edward's head, covering George's words.     
'Let's talk later,' Alpha Edward said to George, and then he responded to his Luna's summons. 'Yes?'     
'Our guests are here. Do you expect me to welcome them with a smile while you are shagging an Omega?'     
Alpha Edward cursed inwardly. How did she know that he was alone with Ana? But… 'I'm not shagging…'     
'Save it!' Luna Layla cut him off. 'We have an agreement. You can do whatever you want as long as you are doing your duty as an Alpha and as my partner. It is our son's sixteenth birthday. Stop thinking with your dick! I'm tired of smiling while you get your fill of random bitches. Tuck it into your pants and come here before I make a scene in front of your guests!'     
Alpha Edward puffed his cheeks. They were her guests also!     
Normally, he wouldn't let his Luna talk to him like that, but this time she had a point of him being absent, even though the reason was off. Would she be more understanding if she knew he was dealing with potential treason? Actually, it was not potential. It was real. The only question was who the traitor was.     
Alpha Edward looked at Ana, whose cheek was now turning purple, and it was swollen to the point of her eye closing. James' palmprint on her neck was still there. What above-average healing nonsense?     
If that were any other Omega, she wouldn't get access to talk to him, and he wouldn't listen, and he would end her life for accusing a Commander of treason without evidence. If there was any evidence, it pointed to Ana being a liar, yet she was still breathing. Was he thinking with his dick?     
He was Alpha Edward of the Red Moon pack. Alpha of the second largest pack in North America. He was powerful with a lot of resources and influence, and his image crumbled to him wasting time listening to an Omega who was accusing his top people of treason.     
Ana could see Alpha Edward's expression turning icy, and she panicked.      
"I'm not lying! I would never lie to you."     
Alpha Edward didn't respond, and Ana felt her mouth going dry. Will he kill her here?     
"Just think about what I said. It all makes sense!"     
Alpha Edward frowned. "Do you think I'm stupid?"     
"No, no! Of course, not! I understand you have a lot of information to consider, which can sometimes get mixed. But think about this..." Ana licked her lips nervously. "Didn't you say how Luna Talia's background is mysterious? It's not mysterious. No one knows where she came from because she came from here. She was a nobody, an Omega hiding in the attic. I saw her there... I can call other Omegas who also know. They can confirm her identity."     
"You heard James," Alpha Edward said. "Even if that part is true, it doesn't change anything."     
"It does!" Ana exclaimed. "It's proof that I'm not lying."     
"One truth doesn't explain lies."     
Ana's chin trembled. "What lies?"     
Alpha Edward's eyes moved to Ana's cheek and then to her neck. "The bruises. How did you heal after they bullied you if you can't heal from this?" And there was the point of her coming onto George. Why would George lie about that?     
Ana whimpered.          
…     
"Ready?" Luna Layla asked while peeking into James' room. The birthday boy was set to appear in the event hall with his parents accompanying him.     
"Yes," James responded while straightening the lapels of his suit jacket. He wondered if his chocolate-colored Goddess would approve of the black suit with dark blue details. It made his blue eyes stand out, and Cornelia said more than once that he had sexy eyes. Did this suit make him sexier? Will she like it?     
Luna Layla approached James and started fixing his necktie.     
James observed his mother, who was a few inches shorter than him. Luna Layla's blonde hair was lifted into an elegant bun that was secured with diamond pins, and her impeccable makeup emphasized her almond-shaped blue eyes and thin lips colored in red. She was a woman in her late thirties, but she didn't look older than twenty-five. The mascara and eyeliner contributed to making her look like a doll.      
"Where is the father?" James asked.     
Luna Layla gave him a stiff smile. "He is busy. We will start without him."     
James didn't respond. He was confident that Alpha Edward was busy with Ana, and he was pretty sure that his mother knew.     
There was a time when he wanted to confront his father and console his mother, but then he realized how that was normal for them, and after a while, James thought it was normal for everyone.     
No one talks about relationships without drama, and the only stories he heard were about Alphas sleeping around.     
James wondered, how could his mother live like that? He wanted to ask her that question many times, but he held back. It was none of his business.     
Alpha Edward's debauchery was a public secret. Everyone knew about it, but no one talked about it.     
There were some rumors about Luna Layla, but everything was vague, and James had a hint that those rumors were spread by his mother herself, so it didn't look like she was only being cheated on. James knew that the only time when his mother was out of sight, it was with her girlfriends when they went shopping or to a spa. If she used those outings to see men, those so-called girlfriends would talk about it, and someone would hear, but again… it was none of this business.     
James was in his early teens when he decided not to think about the relationship his parents had. Before his eighteenth birthday, he would leave all this behind and go no contact. That was the only way for him to survive.     
However, since James met Cornelia, he wondered how his parents could pull it off.     
The idea of Cornelia being with another man was driving him mad. How was it possible that his mother was indifferent when her mate was sleeping with other women? What was holding her to stay with Alpha Edward, who sought pleasure and comfort in others? Was it possible that she didn't know what people were saying behind her back? Whatever benefits Alpha Edward offered her twenty years ago were gone. Or was this beyond benefits?     
###Chapter 924: Ready for the party
Chapter 924: Ready for the party
"James?" Luna Layla called when she saw him spacing out. "I know this event puts a lot of pressure on you, but… It's your sixteenth birthday. You will be an adult soon. Try to have a good time while you can."         
"I will keep that on my mind, mother," James responded in his official tone. He was not used to his mother… mothering him.     
As far as James could remember, Luna Layla would let Alpha Edward do whatever he wanted in the name of training the future Alpha, and she never stepped in; not even when Alpha Edward punished James harshly or forced him to do horrid things.     
She didn't intervene when Alpha Edward took young James to observe people being tortured. By his tenth birthday, James knew exactly where to cut for maximum pain without killing his victim.     
James was unsure what broke him first, the gruesome visuals, the screams, the beatings he got whenever he would look away or showed discomfort, or the fact that no one thought of making it stop. Not even his mother.     
James found it ironic that he got the most care from strangers, yet his so-called parents get to boast how their son is a young Alpha with a promising future.     
George was the only one in the Red Moon pack that treated James like a regular person without fear and agenda. Alpha Damon treated James like a young adult whose opinion matters. Petra, Zack, and Erik treated him as friends. And Cornelia showed him that there is such a thing as unconditional acceptance.      
Luna Layla was the one who sent Marcy away, and for a whole decade, James didn't hear people talk about Marcy. And now that Marcy was really gone, it was like she never existed. Is that how a mother acts?     
Seeing that Luna Layla was just staring at him, James said, "I'm sure that many ladies will be happy to keep me company tonight. Do you have a female on your mind I should allow to entertain me?" It was a normal question as everyone had preferences about who should get access to James first.     
Luna Layla's perfectly groomed eyebrows came together to form a frown. "Is that what you want or what your father wants?"     
"Is there a difference?", James responded with a question.     
James' insides churned at the thought of any woman other than Cornelia, but this was an event where he will be the center of attention. James will avoid getting physical, but he can't avoid talking to people. He needed to be cool about it or his parents would notice that something was off and that would put Cornelia in danger.     
Luna Layla released a long breath. "I… James..." Her mouth opened, but no words came out for a few long seconds. Eventually, she said, "Never mind. Happy birthday, James."     
"Thank you. Shall we?" James offered her his hand, and she put her hand on his forearm as they walked out together.     
…     
As they moved down the stairs, James could feel the tug of his wolf urging him to not go lower than the second floor.     
James pressed his lips into a line. Silly wolf. They couldn't go to Cornelia at this time. But she will join them at the party. Soon. James wondered what dress will Cornelia wear.      
Luna Layla gave his arm a squeeze, reminding him that they were about the enter the event hall.     
Two warriors dressed in black slacks and red shirts were standing at the door, and one turned to shout into the event hall, "Luna Layla Redmayne and young Alpha James Redmayne!"     
James groaned internally. His mother always loved theatrics, and this looked like an entrance to a medieval party. The only things missing to make the experience more realistic would be if the warriors at the door wore metallic full-body armor with spears in their hands.     
'Is everyone getting this grandiose announcement?' James asked his mother through their mind-link.     
'Only important people,' she responded while holding her chin high.     
James and Luna Layla paused at the door to observe many heads turned their way.     
At one glance, James counted eleven Alphas, seven Lunas, and more than one dozen Elders. He didn't bother counting other high-ranking members, but there were about two hundred people present. It was an impressive lineup.     
The massive event hall was decorated with deep purple and golden fabric draped along the walls, and majestic crystal chandeliers illuminated the space. People were elegantly dressed and it had a royal feel.     
If anyone knew how to throw a fancy party, that would be Luna Layla.          
'You've outdone yourself, mother,' James said to his mother through the mind link.     
She smiled. 'Thank you. I hope you like it.'      
"There you are," Alpha Edward spoke enthusiastically while walking toward James and Luna Layla from the crowd. He put his hands on Luna Layla's shoulders and kissed her cheek. "If you took another two minutes, I would come to check on you."     
James tried to pry his arm out of his mother's hold, but she tightened her grip, silently telling him to stay put.     
"If we knew you were waiting, we would hurry up," Luna Layla responded to Alpha Edward.     
James didn't feel like participating in this happy-family charade. No one was fooled, anyway.     
Normally, James would endure, but since he marked Cornelia, his wolf was acting up and James had difficulty staying composed when things didn't go his way. He needed Cornelia for his wolf to calm down, but that was not an option now.     
"Can we go and greet guests now?" James asked impatiently. "People didn't come here to watch three of us talking."     
"Right," Alpha Edward said curtly. "Let's start from here…"     
Alpha Edward led the way, followed by Luna Layla and James.     
James was happy that his position as the future Alpha allowed him to be arrogant and not smile or engage in small talk.     
Behind that unreadable fa?ade, James was focusing on his bond with Cornelia. He wanted to feel how close she was. Why was she still on the second floor? Was something wrong?     
On the second floor, Cornelia was in Talia's room with Talia, Damon, Keith, Arya, Gideon, Mindy, Sandy, and Tyler.     
Damon demanded that they go through everything one more time. Their stories needed to match, or people will be suspicious.     
"It will be alright, Damon," Talia assured him. She could feel his anxiousness rising. "Even if our stories don't match completely, no one will dare to question us. Besides, for anything that's not obvious, people will say that they are not familiar with details. Are you having second thoughts? We don't need to announce my…"     
"No, no!" Damon quickly said. He wanted to announce her identity. No more secrets. He wanted everyone to know that his Luna is Alpha Natalia, but he was also nervous. It all sounded great while they were planning, but now that they were about to do it, Damon realized that so many things could go wrong. What if people figure out she is pregnant and use that against her?     
Damon shook those negative thoughts away. Talia was fantastic, and even with her pregnancy, she could use her aura and abilities, and she had Liseli also, and Damon had no intention of taking a step away from Talia.     
"I am ready," Damon assured Talia. "Let's do this. If anyone dares to say anything against you, I will kill him and that's it."     
Talia smiled helplessly.      
"Kitten," Damon called solemnly. "Don't do anything foolish. Don't leave my side." He looked at the people in the room. "I want you to keep your eyes on Talia all the time."     
###Chapter 925: The grand entrance of two Alphas
Chapter 925: The grand entrance of two Alphas
Talia held onto Damon as they walked down the hallways of the packhouse, and she was grateful that his arm was firmly around her.         
This place was much more than a hallway for her. It was a place where she grew up hiding and she didn't know how to feel about it.     
Two Omegas bowed deeply as they passed, and then they rushed about their business.     
So far, other than Ana, no one recognized her.     
There was a time when Talia was also moving along these hallways with her head held down. Attracting attention was never a good thing.     
Talia shook off the unpleasant emotions that were creeping up on her.     
Being in this space with Damon by her side felt surreal like it was happening to someone else.     
Talia glanced at Damon to see him looking forward with confidence that spilled on her.     
Right. She had no reason to be afraid.     
She was Alpha Natalia Moonrider, and she had Damon and many friends, and she was not alone anymore. This was her time to shine as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and as Damon's Luna.     
Their group of nine reached the double door that was guarded by two warriors who bowed their heads. Even without knowing who other people were, everyone knew Alpha Damon.     
Sandy stepped forward to pass a piece of paper.     
The warrior read what was written there, and his eyes flashed before he turned to step into the event hall with urgency.     
"Alpha Damon Blake and Alpha Natalia Moonrider!" A voice boomed from the door and everyone turned to see two people coming in with more behind them.     
Damon's black outfit made him dark and mysterious, and Talia's white cocktail dress gave her an air of light and youth.     
Damon's arm was behind Talia, and people quickly zeroed in on his hand that was on her waist. Damon had a reputation as a womanizer, so they wondered if he used his charms to come with Alpha Natalia as his date. What about his Luna?     
Alpha Damon and Alpha Natalia were close at a few previous events, but their interaction was ambiguous at best. There was nothing ambiguous about how close they were now.     
Talia looked up at Damon and smiled, sensing that his previous anxiousness disappeared.     
Damon would never show weakness in front of others, and the truth was that he was waiting for this moment. He wanted to walk into any room with Talia as his mate, and it was finally happening. It was a big deal.     
Damon and Talia walked into the crowd that parted to make space for them.     
Cornelia, Mindy, Gideon, Sandy, Tyler, Keith, and Arya were behind the couple.     
James was talking with a group of people when his eyes landed on Cornelia. She was beautiful with pearls in her hair and a baby-blue dress that provided a fantastic contrast to her dark skin. He balled his hands into fists firmly, as a reminder that he shouldn't go there. Not yet, at least.     
'Did you know about this?' Alpha Edward's voice sounded in James' head.      
'Know about what, father?'     
'That Alpha Damon and Alpha Natalia are this close?'     
'I never met Alpha Natalia, so I wouldn't know. But our reports said they are close without details on their relationship. Do you want me to ditch this group and investigate?'         
'No. Keep what you were doing. I will take care of this,' Alpha Edward responded.      
James couldn't believe that his father still didn't connect that Talia is Alpha Natalia from the Midnight Guardians pack. Sure, Talia would put some makeup on when she came out as Alpha Natalia, and she would lift her hair into a stylish bun, but it was still the same person.     
There was also the possibility of Alpha Edward denying the possibility of Damon being mated to Alpha Natalia, to the point of not seeing what was right in front of his eyes.     
...     
"Alpha Damon," a gravely male voice reached them, and Damon's expression tightened.     
"Elder Parker." Damon didn't bother with a fake smile. He didn't like the old guy.     
Elder Parker bowed before calling, "Alpha Natalia." His eyes lingered at the point where Damon was holding her. "I don't think we've met. I am Elder Parker of the Red Moon pack. I heard many things about you. It's such an honor for you to grace us with your presence."     
Without waiting for Talia's response, Elder Parker turned to Damon. "I thought you will attend this event with your Luna."     
"I am," Damon responded, completely aware that almost everyone was listening.     
Elder Parker's smile fell in slow motion to be replaced with utter shock. "Are you saying that you… and Alpha Natalia…"     
Damon cocked an eyebrow at him. "I am surprised you didn't know about it. It's not like we were hiding it, and we already attended so many events together."     
Elder Parker had difficulty accepting it. "But your Luna's name is… Talia."     
"My fated mate's name is Natalia Moonrider. Most people call her Talia, and her friends call her Lia. It is the same person. Did your eyes stop working considering your advanced age?"     
"But… but…" Elder Parker stuttered while looking at Talia in disbelief. "You are…"     
"I am Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and I am Luna of the Dark Howlers pack," Talia said like it was a totally normal thing, and then she narrowed her eyes at Elder Parker. "Do you have a problem with it?"     
If anyone pretended to talk, now they dropped it as only music was heard in the event hall. No one moved a muscle.     
Elder Parker gaped at Talia. A sudden chill enveloped his body, preventing him from moving a muscle.     
'What's his problem?' Talia asked Damon through their mind-link.     
'Uhm… Elder Parker was one of the biggest advocates for Marcy to be my Luna.'     
Talia's expression darkened. She thought that the old geezer came to talk, to get more information. Did he come to try to push Marcy or some other woman on Damon because he assumed that Damon left his Luna behind?     
'We should get rid of these pompous bastards who think they can control others!' Liseli raged.     
'If we do that, not many will be left,' Talia responded. 'Besides, we have bigger fish to fry tonight. This guy is just bitter that he didn't get his way.'     
"Excuse us," Mindy said to Elder Parker impatiently. "You either have something to talk about, or get out of our way." She didn't like the old guy blocking their path, and her pregnancy hormones made her temper flare.     
Seeing that Elder Parker didn't move, Tyler stepped forward and extended his arm to push the male to the side before gesturing to Damon and Talia that they can go ahead.     
Damon had a destination on his mind. On the right was a bar, and he spotted Maddox and Tony there.         
Kalina and Tatiana were at one table with Lidia who came with her mate, General Jordan, as part of the delegation from the Spring Leaf pack.     
They all had their tasks. Cornelia went to greet the Wilkow sisters. Through casual chatter, masked as talking to Lunas of two packs, Cornelia will hear if they detected anything suspicious. Mindy and Gideon went to search for the Shaman of the Red Moon pack. Sandy and Tyler took a seat at the table that had a good view of the bar.     
Keith and Arya were sticking close to Talia, just how Damon ordered them to.     
###Chapter 926: James' birthday party (1)
Chapter 926: James' birthday party (1)
"What a way to break the news," Tony said while greeting Damon and Talia. "I think Alpha Richard's jaw is on the floor."         
"I am surprised that only one foolish soul blocked your way," Maddox chimed in. "Who do you think sent him?"     
"It doesn't matter. It's not every day that two Alphas come out as a mated couple," Damon said proudly while looking at Talia with sparkles in his eyes. He was truly happy. "What will you drink, kitten?"     
"I feel like something sour," Talia said, and Damon waved at the waiter to receive instructions for drinks.     
Talia was aware of many eyes on them, but she didn't care. Coming out with Damon and saying openly they were a mated couple felt like a huge burden fell off her chest.     
Talia's hair was up to expose Damon's mark on her neck, and her mark on his neck was also visible for everyone to see that Damon and Talia accepted each other as equals.      
Their entrance went smoothly, and Talia knew that people were still in shock. Soon, they will snap out of it, and the real show will begin.     
Luckily, they had a number of close friends in attendance; otherwise, Talia would be worried about other Alphas banding against them. The possibility of the Dark Howlers pack and Midnight Guardians pack merging as one would be perceived as dangerous to many others. Damon had numbers and strength, and Talia had mysterious powers. They could easily suppress any other pack.     
'I want to greet Talia,' Dawn whined into the pack link for Zina to hear.     
'Me too,' Zina responded.     
Two friends were at the party with Owen who was standing next to them with his hands deep in his trouser pockets as a reminder that he shouldn't hug the chamomile-infused goddess by his side. Owen was under the impression that the hardest thing would be to keep lecherous people away from Zina, but now he understood that the biggest challenge for him was to control his urge to whisk Zina away. Since they arrived, they caught a few people looking at them curiously, but none approached them. Yet.     
'At least you are with your mate,' Dawn said to Zina wistfully while looking in the direction where George was. He wore black trousers and a white shirt, and Dawn wanted to go there and cling to him so everyone would know he was taken.     
'You think I'm having an easier time because Owen is here pretending to be YOUR mate?'     
Dawn pressed her lips into a line. She wanted to make a point that there was no physical contact between Owen and her, but she knew that it wouldn't make it any better for Zina, who was enduring this situation while resisting the urges of her newly formed bond.     
Dawn remembered that for the first few days after marking, the only thing on her mind was sticking to George so she could feel those addictive sparks… actually, even now, she wanted that, but she learned to control her impulses to a certain degree.     
'We are in this together, Zi,' Dawn said. 'Just a bit more. We don't know if Alpha Edward will approach us, but we need to stay here until George says it's safe to leave without making it suspicious.'     
'Let's go to the bar,' Zina suggested. 'Like that, we can be closer to Talia.'     
'But we can't talk to her. If people suspect we are from the Dark Howlers pack…'     
'I know,' Zina said. 'Just being nearby will make me feel better.'     
They could mind-link Talia, but they guessed that Talia had too much on her plate already. Besides, Damon and Talia made it clear that Owen and Zina needed to show that they could stand on their own and not be a burden.     
"Can we go to a bar?" Dawn asked Owen. Before coming here, they agreed that Dawn and Owen would do the talking because whenever Owen and Zina interacted, it was impossible to miss the lovey-dovey mood.     
Owen had no ions to getting a drink or two.     
Owen didn't like that Zina covered up his mark with makeup, but he knew it was necessary. He wondered at what point will all this blow into their faces. Only an idiot wouldn't notice that any type of communication between Dawn and him was forced, and that was NOT how mates behaved.     
To make this charade convincing, Owen should put his arm around Dawn, but his wolf strongly ed to that idea. Also, putting a hand on Dawn meant saying goodbye to that part of his body because… George. And Owen wouldn't blame him because he would do anything to protect Zina.     
They found two unoccupied barstools for Zina and Dawn, and Owen stood between them protectively.     
"What will you have, ladies?" The bartender asked with a smile that froze when he saw Owen glowering at him. "Lieutenant Owen, what can I get for you?"         
Owen had an urge to punch the bartender, and then he wanted to give the first order to Zina, but he couldn't do that because, in the Red Moon pack, warriors come first. "I will have a beer. As for the ladies…" Zina and Dawn ordered for themselves.     
"You are doing great," Dawn gave Owen a few words of encouragement.     
"You too," Owen responded, and Dawn flicked her head to look in the direction where George was, even though Owen didn't look that way.     
Dawn's insides flipped when she saw that George was talking to a curvaceous blonde. The female in question had a black dress that was too tight and too short, and she had too much makeup on, and her smile directed at George stirred something murderous in Dawn. The only things keeping Dawn in her place were the fact that George didn't smile at the female, and there were a few other people in that group.     
"Who is that?" Dawn asked in a low voice.     
Owen didn't need more information to know about whom Dawn was inquiring. "I don't know."     
"That's Penelope from the Night Sentinel pack," Zina said.     
Dawn's brows came together when she recognized the name. "Alpha William's daughter?"     
"Mhm," Zina confirmed. "If you look to the left, you will see that he is right there, eavesdropping on his daughter's conversation with Commander George."     
Dawn didn't care about Alpha William. She couldn't stop staring at the woman who was shamelessly flirting with her mate! "Why is she sticking to my…"     
'KHM-KHM!'     
Owen loudly cleared his throat to cover up Dawn's next words.     
Dawn jolted when Zina pinched her arm while tilting her head toward the bartender who was placing their drinks on the bar counter.     
"This is young Alpha's birthday," Owen spoke to Dawn in his official tone. "High-ranking members from many packs are in attendance, and this is more than just a birthday event."     
Zina thought that Owen was fantastic. She wanted to hug and kiss him all over, but she forced herself to focus on her friend, who was clearly in distress.     
'Dawn?' Zina called through the pack link. 'Are you OK? You know that George wouldn't betray your bond, right? He is just talking because he is a Commander. If he shuts down, it would be bad, and if he came here, it would be worse. It's just a few hours, and then things will be back to normal.'     
Dawn released a long breath.     
'I'm sorry,' Zina said. 'If I didn't mess up at the market, we wouldn't be here, and you wouldn't need to endure.'     
Dawn knew that Zina was right, but George would be here anyway, and if Zina didn't mess up, Dawn would be at home, wondering what George was doing. Would it be better just not to know?     
###Chapter 927: James' birthday party (2)
Chapter 927: James' birthday party (2)
The evening was passing slowly, but eventually, they reached dinner time. The Omegas guided everyone to the adjacent dining room to show them their pre-assigned seats.         
Purple and golden decorated circular dining tables that had snow-white tablecloths, each set up for ten people. Since every delegation consisted of four-to-six people, every pack had a table, and the remaining seats were filled by notable members of the Red Moon pack.     
Talia was amused to see that table for the Midnight Guardians pack was close to the main table where Alpha Edward was. Luckily, she already had her spot next to Damon as Luna Talia.      
The main table had Alpha Edward, Luna Layla, James, and Elders of the Red Moon pack. George was at the adjacent table with Commanders and Generals.     
Sandy, Tyler, Mindy, and Gideon decided to sit at the table reserved for the Midnight Guardians pack. It was a silent show that members of two packs were close.     
Cornelia stuck close to Talia. Sitting at the table with Talia and Damon meant that no one would try to hit on her. She didn't want to make this more difficult for James.     
Cornelia was watching James from a distance, and her heart ached every time their eyes met. Cornelia knew that this was hard on him, and she hoped that her presence would give him the strength to push through this evening.     
When Keith and Arya took seats with Damon, Talia, and Cornelia at the table, Talia mind-linked her friends. She confirmed that Dawn and Zina were at the table with Owen and a few other high-ranking warriors. They were doing fine, for now.     
Next, she mind-linked Mindy. 'How did the talk with the Shaman go?' Talia saw Mindy and Gideon talk with an elderly male, and Damon told her that was the Shaman of the Red Moon pack.     
'It was not a total bust, as the guy didn't tell us to scram, but we couldn't talk to him openly either,' Mindy responded. 'He is not at the main table, which means there is some friction between him and Alpha Edward, but we need more information. We will talk to him more after dinner. Leave it to us. I'm sure you have other things to worry about.'     
Talia also saw Cristian, Michelle, Tony, Kalina, Maddox, and Tatiana. They were seated at the tables set up for their respective packs.     
'Is it safe to eat this food?' Talia asked Damon through their mind-link. So far, appetizers were served on trays carried by Omegas that moved randomly, but this food was arranged and served specifically for their table.     
'They won't dare poison us in public,' Damon responded seriously. 'But if you have concerns, I can ask to swap plates.'     
Talia thought how it was silly. If anything were off with the food, Liseli would tell her. 'No need. I am paranoid because nothing has happened so far.'     
Damon also found it odd. Sure, it was less than one hour since they joined the event, but their hosts didn't come to greet them in person, which was unusual considering their high status. Was it possible that Alpha Edward freaked out after finding out about Talia's double identity as a leader of two packs?     
With everyone seated, Alpha Edward stood up to give a little speech before the meal started.     
"I want to thank everyone for coming to celebrate James' milestone birthday. James is working hard on preparing for his upcoming role as the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack, and your support means a lot to him…"     
James tuned out his father. It was all stupid and superficial, designed to make Alpha Edward look good. Reporters were snapping photos and recording to collect material for the special edition of WW Magazine that will cover James' birthday. If one looked just a bit under that shiny surface, they would see how dirty everything was.     
James observed smiles directed at his table, but the unpleasant tension was nearly tangible. There were too many secrets, plots, and agendas for anyone to be at ease.     
"...We hope you enjoy the food and the event after." Alpha Edward ended his speech, and people clapped.     
James' sight fell on the table where Damon and Talia were, and a sad smile sneaked on his face when his eyes locked with Cornelia's. Only if she could be by his side, in touching distance, would things be more bearable.     
James forced his eyes to move away from Cornelia, and he saw George.     
'Do you want me to kill the female that was stuck to you?' James asked George through their pack link. James saw that Penelope was trying to seduce George and somehow… James felt a bit better. Maybe because he knew that others were enduring this event, just as he was.     
'No need,' George responded curtly. 'I'm sure a young Alpha like you has other things to worry about.'     
'Why are we doing this, George?' James asked, the teasing tone from his voice gone.     
'To survive.'         
James puffed his cheeks and stared at the creamy beef soup in front of him. George was right. They were playing these games to survive, knowing that a single wrong move could be deadly, but James was tired of games.     
…     
Penelope was fixing her lipstick in the female bathroom when she noticed a female standing behind her.     
"You can take another sink. I will take a while," Penelope said while waving in the direction where the other three sinks were.     
The bathroom for females had four sinks and four privacy stalls with a toilet each.     
"I can wait," Dawn responded.     
Penelope's finely groomed eyebrows came together, and she turned to face Dawn.     
"Do I know you?"     
Dawn shrugged. "I don't think so."     
Penelope's eyes scanned the bathroom to confirm that it was just the two of them there. Good. She didn't need to pretend to be nice.     
"Is there a reason why you are looking at me like I murdered your family?" Penelope asked.     
Dawn knew that she should stay away and let George handle things. But she was sick of watching Penelope trying to cling to George and putting him in a spot where he needed to endure Penelope's hand on his arm or be rude by pushing her away. Dawn's wolf was going crazy in need to bite Penelope's head off, and Dawn knew that she shouldn't cause a scene, but she had to do something.     
"I want you to stay away from Commander George."     
Penelope's eyes flashed in understanding. "Are you his side-chick?"     
Dawn's expression darkened. "Side-chick?"     
Penelope shook her head. "You poor thing. You should know that a no-name she-wolf like you can't be more than a sidepiece to an outstanding Commander like George." Penelope narrowed her eyes at the left side of Dawn's neck. "Isn't that a mark? What would your mate say if he saw you pinning for a guy who is out of your league?"     
Dawn sneered. "You think you are worthy of being with George?"     
"Of course! I am Alpha's daughter."     
"Do you have any other redeeming qualities other than your father?"     
Penelope was outraged. "Listen, you… whoever you are. You can't insult me."     
"What will you do about it?"     
Penelope's nostrils flared in anger, and she released her Alpha aura. A second later, she realized that something was wrong. Really wrong. Why was it not working? And it was not that it was not working, but she was being suppressed back by… who exactly?     
###Chapter 928: James' birthday party (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 928: James' birthday party (3) [Bonus chapter]
Talia was chatting with Cornelia while opening her mouth whenever Damon brought food in front of her mouth. It looked casual, but both Damon and Talia were vigilant. They were aware of all eyes on them, observing, measuring, and waiting to approach them.         
'Talia, we might have a problem,' Zina's voice sounded in Talia's head through the pack link.     
'What is it?'     
'It's Dawn. She saw Penelope from the Night Sentinel pack go toward the restrooms, and she went after her. That Penelope was sticking to George and…'     
'I know,' Talia interrupted Zina's explanation. 'I saw her.' Everyone saw Penelope sticking to George. 'Thanks for letting me know. I will take care of it.'     
"Where are you going?" Damon asked when he saw Talia wiping the corners of her lips with a napkin.     
"Restroom."     
"Take Arya with you."     
Arya was already getting up, but Talia raised her hand, indicating to Arya to wait.     
Talia spoke to Damon through their mind-link, 'It's not that kind of a break. Dawn is there, and I need to check she doesn't do anything foolish.'     
Damon didn't like this. 'Why would she do anything foolish?'     
'Do you remember the female that was sticking to George?' Talia asked, and her face stiffened when she felt a pang of guilt from Damon. 'I see you remember her. She is Alpha's daughter, and you sampled all of them. I don't know why I thought you would miss one.'     
'Kitten, I…'     
'Save it!' Talia snapped. 'My friend might make a mistake, and I need to check on her. I don't have time for your nonsense.'     
Liseli wanted to tell Talia to calm down because whatever sampling of women Damon did was before he met Talia, but the truth was that Liseli was also bitter that they were getting random reminders of women who were too close to Damon at some point.     
Damon watched helplessly at Talia's retreating form. She looked small and fragile and beautiful in that white dress. He waved at Keith and Arya with, 'Go after Talia and keep your distance.'     
…     
In the bathroom…     
Dawn lost control of her wolf, who wanted nothing less than to squish the she-wolf in front of her. George's mark gave Dawn's wolf a boost that came with temper, and Dawn didn't have a chance to practice controlling it.      
The mirrors on the wall were shaking, and the air felt heavy.     
Penelope was holding onto a sink, and her legs were trembling while Dawn stood straight like nothing was out of place.     
Penelope nearly plopped on the floor when the bathroom door flew open.     
Dawn whipped her head that way to see Talia standing there.     
"What are you doing?" Talia asked Dawn while closing the door behind her.     
Dawn was surprised to feel her wolf reeling back in submission in front of Talia. Dawn's wolf was an Alpha, but Talia was her Luna.     
Dawn quickly bowed her head. "I apologize, I… I have no excuses."         
Penelope's eyes darted from Talia to Dawn. She didn't miss how Dawn submitted.     
"You are from the Midnight Guardians pack?" Penelope asked Dawn. Somehow, that explained why Dawn could suppress her. Penelope heard rumors that members of the Midnight Guardians pack have mysterious powers.     
Talia had no intention of correcting the misunderstanding.     
Talia thought of scolding Dawn for acting recklessly and causing a commotion at this high-risk party, but she couldn't say any harsh words. If that female was sticking to Damon and Talia had to watch, Talia would do the same thing. Probably worse. At least Dawn waited for privacy instead of causing a scene in front of witnesses.     
Talia touched Dawn's chin, making her lift her head.     
"There is no need to apologize. I know how it feels when you are protective of someone," Talia said.     
Dawn looked at Talia gratefully. "I don't think I can stay here. I should leave."     
"Stay a bit longer," Talia said and continued through the mind-link, 'You can leave with Owen and Zina. We will let you know when it's safe, OK?'     
'What about this one?' Dawn asked.     
'I will handle her. Go before George comes after you and blows his cover.'     
Dawn nodded in agreement. "Thank you." And she left the bathroom without looking back.     
"Alpha Natalia," Penelope called in her official tone. "Your pack member attacked me without reason. How can you leave her like that?"     
Talia cocked an eyebrow at Penelope, and she chanted internally that she shouldn't imagine Damon and Penelope entangled.     
Liseli whimpered in Talia's mind as they shared emotions. She would tell Talia to kill Penelope and be done with it, but the old spirit knew that Talia wouldn't approve.     
"Your complaint is received. It is up to me to punish my pack members as I see fit. Did she harm anything other than your pride?"     
Penelope's eyes flashed in outrage. The female in front of her was Alpha Natalia, the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, but Penelope also had an Alpha bloodline. How could she just stand still and be bullied?     
Penelope lifted her chin. "It seems that your pack member is interested in Commander George. I suggest you advise her to stay away from him. She has no chance."     
"And you do?"     
"I am Penelope Faith, the princess of the Night Sentinel pack, Alpha William's daughter."     
"Tell me something, Penelope Faith, the princess of the Night Sentinel pack. Is Commander George your mate, or did you fall in love with him? What will you do if he finds his mate, or you find yours?"     
Penelope frowned. "How is that relevant to this?"     
"Oh, it is because mate bond comes first. But let's pretend that you end up with Commander George. You will need to sever the bond with your pack and take the identity of Commander George's partner. You won't be a princess of anything. People will know you as Penelope of the Red Moon pack. Are you ready to accept that?"     
Penelope frowned, and Talia's anger flared. She was tired of Marcys, Cassies, Noras, and Penelopes, who came with an attitude just because their fathers had a title.     
Talia released a bit of her aura that made Penelope freeze in place. Dawn's aura was overwhelming, but Talia was on a totally different level.     
"Do you think your Alpha bloodline will give you a high-ranking status? You will need more than that to stand out, and I assume you don't have it, considering that a random she-wolf just now managed to suppress you. Aren't you ashamed of yourself?"         
Penelope couldn't believe this. "You… you…"     
"I have a name, Miss Penelope," Talia squeezed through her teeth, increasing the pressure, and Penelope groaned.     
"I am Alpha Natalia Moonrider. My name comes with a title I earned. I didn't get it because of my father or because of a man I shared a bed with. If you can't stand on your own, I suggest you back off because there are plenty of capable she-wolves who don't depend on a man to achieve something in their life."     
With that, Talia left the bathroom.     
Talia wondered if she had gone too far. Would she bully Penelope so much if not for her past with Damon?     
'You stood up for your friend,' Liseli said. 'Dawn would do the same for you.'     
'It doesn't make it right.'     
Liseli snickered. 'What is right is determined by power, and right now, you are the most powerful Alpha. The world is your playground, and others need to follow your rules. Enjoy it, girl.'     
###Chapter 929: James' birthday party (4)
Chapter 929: James' birthday party (4)
George felt Dawn's emotional turmoil, and he was about to go after her, but he saw Keith and Arya standing there, and he knew that Talia had got it covered.         
George mind-linked Owen to see what was going on, but Owen dodged to answer, saying how he was not sure, and there was nothing George could do unless he wanted to cause a scene.     
Only when Dawn appeared unharmed did George relax, and he took a mental note to thank Talia. It was his duty to protect his mate, yet he needed to rely on others. George felt like a failure.     
Talia returned next to her table with Keith and Arya trailing after her. Damon was quick to resume feeding Talia, and it appeared that the situation there was tense for a bit, but then things resumed as usual.     
The space was filled with murmurs about Alpha Damon and Alpha Natalia, and George felt good about the fact that he knew about them before others.     
When George saw Penelope coming from that direction, his questions related to Dawn's unstable emotions were answered.     
George cursed internally. He wanted to find privacy and tell Penelope to scram, but so far, they were always in the company with Alpha William nearby. George was not responding positively to whatever Penelope was doing. He avoided looking at her, and he would take a step back and twist his arm out of her grasp, but it seemed that she didn't get his subtle hints, and he needed a blunt approach.     
George observed that Penelope made a beeline to the door that led to the garden, and George went after her. He needed to tell her to back off before Dawn lost her composure, and George hoped that he was not too late already.     
George found Penelope on the terrace, and he made sure no one was nearby as he approached her.     
Penelope got a cigarette out of her purse and put it in her mouth. A second later, she took it out of her mouth, broke it into two, and flung it into the nearby bushes while cursing under her breath.     
"Smoking is bad for your wolf."     
Penelope jumped in fright. She didn't hear George approaching her.     
George touched his nose. "It messes with your scent as everything smells of tobacco."     
George stuffed his hands into his pant pockets and observed the pack of cigarettes in her hand. "I am surprised that Alpha William is allowing you to smoke." Werewolves, in general, don't smoke as others of their kind will find them stinky, and a posh she-wolf like Penelope shouldn't allow herself to be stinky.     
Penelope stuffed the cigarettes back into her purse. She never smoked when her father was around. That's why she threw the previous cigarette away.     
Penelope was not in the mood for chit-chat. She was still processing what had happened in the restroom. She was suppressed and humiliated. Twice.     
"I guess you are here with a reason," Penelope said.     
George nodded. "I didn't want to be disrespectful in front of an audience, but I want to clarify things to avoid potentially embarrassing you tonight."     
Penelope frowned. One more humiliation? Just what was wrong with this party?     
"Let me guess. You have a woman. This tall…" Penelope gestured with her hand. "Short blonde hair."     
George didn't want to implicate Dawn in this further. "That's not my point. If you looked up my history, you would see I'm not a ladies-man."     
Penelope tilted her head. "Do you prefer guys?" She stifled a giggle at George's obvious discomfort. "It doesn't matter. That's why I picked you."     
George was confused. "What?"     
Penelope rolled her eyes. "Do you think I want to be here and do this? Alpha's daughter should be mated to nothing less of an Alpha, but young Alpha James is too young, and Alpha Damon found his Luna, so…"     
George nodded faintly. He was backup to a backup, and he was not bothered by it. Was she hitting on him because she knew he wouldn't accept her? Did her father make her do that? It was none of his business.     
"I'm glad we cleared that up. I wish you pleasant rest of the evening, Miss Penelope."         
George turned to leave, and he froze when he felt Penelope clinging to his arm.     
"I didn't say I will give up," she said. "You see, my father gave me a task, and he expects results. I can't end this evening without delivering."     
George pried his arm out of Penelope's grasp. "I suggest you find a way to satisfy your father's expectations without implicating me because I'm not a man who plays games. I didn't come here to negotiate. I came to tell you to back off, or I will make you."     
In Penelope's eyes, George was a handsome warrior, but that was it. He didn't have a title or bloodline, and those were people at the top. Technically, George was below her in the hierarchy. She was beautiful and desirable. Why was he not crawling at her feet? Was that warrior's pride? She was eager to break that.     
Penelope smiled smugly. "Really? And how will you make me back off?"     
George leaned over Penelope, and his Alpha aura pressed on her. "Don't underestimate me, Miss Penelope. As a Commander, I learned to classify people into allies and foes. Pick one."     
Penelope struggled to breathe. What the hell was going on here?     
…     
Cornelia got out of the bathroom and hurried to the dining room. It was almost time for the cake.     
Cornelia didn't know about birthday customs followed by werewolves, but she watched a movie with humans. They had a special cake with candles and the birthday person got to make a wish and blow them in one go. She wondered if James would do the same.     
Cornelia was halfway down the hallway when…     
"Ahh!"     
Her surprised cry was muffled by a hand over her mouth while someone dragged her into a room and closed the door behind them. The distinct click sound told her that the door was locked.     
Cornelia's fingers prickled with magic to incapacitate her attacker when she recognized the voice.     
"Did I tell you how beautiful you are?"     
Cornelia relaxed against a firm body that pressed on her back. "The color reminded me of your eyes."     
"Hmm…" James hummed. "The dress on you is like my eyes on you. I like it."     
"Should you be here, Jay?"     
"Where else should I be if not with my mate?"     
Cornelia turned to face him. His open talk confirmed they had privacy.     
The room was dark, and only moonlight sneaking through the windows cast shadows, but she could see his eyes looking at her eagerly.     
"How are you holding on, Jay?"     
James pulled Cornelia on him, buried his face in her neck, and took a deep breath. "Better now."     
Cornelia hugged him tightly because she knew that he needed it, and she needed it as well.     
"You are doing great," she said.         
"Am I?"     
"Yes, you are. I am watching you. Your image of the future Alpha who is powerful and distant is impeccable."     
"You are watching me?"     
"Always."     
James' heart expanded. It meant the world to him to know that Cornelia was there with him, for him.     
Cornelia giggled when she felt James' hands roaming her body. It was innocent, at first… along her back and sides, but then he started bunching her skirt up.     
"Do we have time for this?" She asked.     
"I always have time for you, Cora," James responded and pressed himself against her, making her feel his erection.     
"What about the cake? People will notice."     
"Who cares about the cake and people? I only care about you."     
Cornelia moaned into the kiss when he pushed inside her with urgency.     
###Chapter 930: James' birthday party (5)
Chapter 930: James' birthday party (5)
Cornelia returned to the table, unable to suppress the smile on her face.         
James was passionate and caring and intense, and she cried his name breathlessly as she came apart in that dark room. She never did anything like that, sneaking around, but it seemed to give her a kink because she had never had such a strong orgasm. She needed a few minutes to catch her breath because she was on the verge of passing out. Literally.     
"Did I miss the cake?" Cornelia asked.     
Talia leaned closer and responded in a gleeful whisper, "I'm sure you didn't miss the birthday boy."     
Cornelia's eyes flashed in surprise. She didn't expect that Talia would tease her like that. But more importantly… "Can you smell me, or…?"     
Talia waved, indicating that was not the case. "Don't worry about the scents. With so many people packed in this small space, everyone smells like everyone. But that smile tells me why you took so long in the restroom." And there was also the fact that James was missing from the dining hall.     
'She is not a she-wolf, and her healing is average at best,' Liseli spoke in Talia's mind. 'Should she allow that vigorous boy to pound her when she is expecting?'     
Talia paused. 'What?'     
'Are you surprised that Cornelia doesn't have good healing? She is just a witch, and…'     
'No, no!' Talia exclaimed. 'The other part. Did you say she is pregnant?'     
'Yes.'     
Cornelia noticed that Talia was staring at her, and she shifted uncomfortably. "What?"     
"Did you know that you are…" Talia leaned closer and whispered the last word into Cornelia's ear.     
Cornelia's eyes were open wide to the point of hurting, and her hand moved instinctively to her belly.     
"Are you sure?" Cornelia asked breathily.     
Talia smiled. "I guess you didn't know. Congratulations."     
Talia spoke softly, but this last part was heard by Damon, Keith, and Arya.     
'Let's not make a big deal of it here,' Talia spoke to the curious trio at the table. 'We don't want to attract attention.'     
…     
James returned to his table a minute after Cornelia.      
"Where have you been?" Luna Layla asked with disapproval in her voice. "We are waiting for you to cut the cake." She waved at the Omegas, who were on the side to start wheeling in the massive cake.     
James didn't bother to answer his mother. He had his moment of bliss with Cornelia, and he wanted to savor it, hopefully until the end of this party when he could reunite with Cornelia again.     
Alpha Edward took a sniff, and he didn't miss the scent of a female wafting off James.     
"Leave the boy alone," Alpha Edward said. "He had some business to take care of."     
James didn't want to comment. His eyes fell on Cornelia just in time to see Talia leaning in to say something, and then Cornelia's expression changed, and her hand landed on her stomach.     
James could clearly pick up Cornelia's emotions. Excitement, anxiousness, happiness, and he knew. He just knew.         
Holy shit! He is going to be a father!     
His wolf howled, and James struggled not to shift right there. His urge was to snatch the chocolate-colored Goddess and to run until no one could find them.     
Luna Layla nudged James, and he realized where he was. Dining room. Birthday. Guests. His father. He couldn't expose this, or he would endanger his mate and his child.     
But she didn't have her heat! Oh, boy! Cornelia is a witch, and they don't have heat and… HOLY SHIT!     
James had plans to last for the next two years. He had several exit strategies before that deadline, but this… He never thought of this.     
A pup of his own! Will it be a boy or a girl? What if there were two or three? He could see himself holding Cornelia in the middle of a meadow with a bunch of kids running around them. Their pups. And he will love them all. No one will be forced into training or hardships, but he will encourage them to explore possibilities and follow their interests. Maybe they will follow their mother and be witches who talk to nature and cast spells?     
James was vaguely aware that there was a cake and that he blew the candles. It took him three tries to get all sixteen of them. His mother held his hand as he cut into the cake, and he was unsure how he managed to stay in his seat until Omegas took the cake to cut the rest and distribute it among guests.     
James bolted to his feet. "I need some air."     
He told himself to stay away from Cornelia, but his legs took him there.     
James stood next to Cornelia and extended his hand, palm up, and she put her hand into his without a word.     
James led the way outside, and Cornelia followed.     
"Jay, is this OK?" Cornelia asked when they emerged on the terrace.     
James wrapped his arms around Cornelia and kissed her until she got dizzy. "I am happy, and right now, I don't care about anything else. Hop on." He wanted to talk to her about so many things, but not where they could be overheard.     
Cornelia sucked in a sharp breath when James transformed into a majestic light brown wolf, and his expensive-looking clothes exploded into taters. He nudged her side with his head, and she mounted him. Cornelia gripped his fur as he dashed into the forest.     
In the event hall, Alpha Edward was busy talking with Alpha Richard and Alpha William, like James didn't just leave the party with Cornelia.     
'Is this OK?' Talia asked Damon through their mind-link.     
'It seems James reached the point where he decided on his priorities.' Damon grinned. 'Our pack got a fantastic Gamma.'     
'You think he will come over?'     
'Alpha Edward seems cool about this, but he will demand an explanation. What will James tell him? That he is mated to a witch?'     
Talia realized that Damon's words made sense. When Alpha Edward finds out how close James is to Damon, the hostility will reach the boiling point. Was the war going to start in minutes?     
'Kitten…' Damon called, and Talia turned to see him look at her seriously. 'About Penelope…'     
'Don't,' Talia cut him off. 'I know it all. Whatever happened, you can't take it back, and it's not fair, but here we are. If you want me not to think about it, I suggest you don't bring it up.' With Cornelia's pregnancy, Talia forgot about the wretched hookup Damon had in the past, but now that he mentioned Penelope, it was back in Talia's mind, and she was angry again.     
'I don't want to talk about her.'     
'Why did you bring it up then?' Talia snapped.     
'Ignoring the problem won't make it go away. No matter which woman stands in front of you, and regardless of if I had something with her or not, I want you to keep in your mind that you are my only one now and in the future.'         
Talia hugged him and fisted his shirt. 'I know, Damon. I know. But I am insecure and pregnant, and I need you to assure me that you won't betray our bond.'     
Damon shook his head at the silly woman. They were in the middle of a party, but his kitten needed comforting, and he didn't give a damn about who was watching.     
Damon pulled her onto him. 'I will never betray our bond, kitten.'     
###Chapter 931: James' birthday party (6)
Chapter 931: James' birthday party (6)
As the cake was served to the guests, people started mingling.         
Damon and Talia met with Maddox, Tatiana, Tony, Kalina, Cristian, and Michelle. None of them noticed anything out of the ordinary. It looked just like any other birthday party.     
People moved in their usual groups. Luna Layla played a good host by weaving among guests and asking if they were having a good time, music was playing, and people were engaged in chatter over food and drinks.     
George found an opportunity to join Dawn, Zina, and Owen.     
"I don't see a fly pestering you anymore," Dawn said to George.     
George smiled, knowing that the fly in question was Penelope. "I think she found another victim." Penelope was not in sight anymore, and neither was Alpha William.     
"You think so?" Zina asked. "She looked quite persistent. Women like those don't give up."     
"Shush!" Dawn exclaimed. "Bite your tongue, so you don't jinx it."     
Zina giggled and looked at Owen dreamily. She wanted to jump on him and kiss him all over.     
"When can we leave?" Zina asked.     
Dawn turned to look questionably at George.     
George observed the crowd with a small frown on his handsome face. Was it wise to leave now?     
"A bit more," George said. James still didn't return, and George could not mind-link the birthday boy. He wanted to ensure that things with James were fine. If Alpha Edward gets a whiff of the relationship type between James and Cornelia, hell will break loose. Another worrying thing was that Alpha Edward was not in sight.     
George mind-linked warriors that were standing guard nearby, and there were no suspicious movements. However, his instincts told him that the situation was unstable.     
George wanted to send Dawn and Zina with Owen home, but if there were an ambush, it would be safer for them to stick together. Just in case, George reminded Owen through the mind-link, 'If any trouble starts, I will count on you to take care of Dawn and Zina. I'm going to check the perimeter. If you notice anything suspicious, let me know.'     
It was around midnight when it became obvious that guests started dispersing. Not everyone was staying for the night, and some retreated into their rooms.     
Luna Layla spent a good half an hour with Talia and Damon, congratulating them on being mates, thanking them for coming, and engaging in casual chit-chat that mostly revolved on the topic of James' training while he stayed at the Dark Howlers pack. The photographer followed Luna Layla, and they took group photos.     
Eventually, Luna Layla left to chat with other guests, and Damon and Talia moved to sit at the bar. It gave them a good view of the venue.     
Maddox, Tatiana, Tony, Kalina, Cristian, and Michelle were in attendance as well, with people from their packs. They agreed to stay together in the event hall in case something happened.     
'Is it possible that tonight will pass without incidents?' Talia asked Damon through their mind-link.     
'Let's not relax too soon,' Damon said, gesturing with his eyes toward the left.      
Talia turned that way to see Alpha Edward, Alpha Richard, and Alpha William approaching them.     
"Alpha Natalia, Alpha Damon," Alpha Edward called. "I apologize for not greeting you in person so far. I was busy with other matters."     
"We understand," Talia said. "Alphas are busy, especially when they are hosting an event like this one."     
"I hope you don't mind that we hijacked this event to show up officially as a mated couple," Damon said while tightening his hold on Talia's shoulder.     
"No harm was done," Alpha Edward said. "If anything, people will talk about this event more. My Luna will appreciate it. I must ask, why were you hiding it so far?"         
"I wouldn't call it hiding it," Damon responded. "You saw us together on several occasions. When we met, it was a surprise for both of us. We agreed to prioritize figuring out what it means to our packs."     
"I see," Alpha Edward said while nodding faintly. "And what does it mean?"     
"We opened the borders between our packs," Talia responded.     
"Does the open border policy mean you will accept visitors to the Midnight Guardians pack?"     
Talia was unsure where Alpha Edward was going with it. "In due time."     
"But you are letting your pack members come out to see how other packs live and to find their mates," Alpha Edward pressed.     
Talia didn't want to deny it. "Yes."     
"The Midnight Guardians pack is flourishing under your guidance," Alpha Edward said, and his eyes turned toward the group where Owen was with Dawn and Zina. "If you didn't encourage your pack members to come out of your territory, my Lieutenant wouldn't find his mate. I can assume you changed your policies if you are allowing your pack members to settle with their mates outside of your pack."     
Talia's brows came together when she realized that Alpha Edward was talking about Owen. Why did he think that Zina came from the Midnight Guardians pack? No, wait! Alpha Edward thought that Dawn was Owen's mate… and there was a misunderstanding of Penelope assuming that Dawn was from Talia's pack. No wonder she didn't see Penelope. That female reported to Alpha Edward what happened in the restroom!     
'Zi,' Talia called through the pack link. 'How much does Alpha Edward know about you and Dawn?'     
'Uhm… the story is that Dawn is Owen's mate, and I'm Dawn's friend who came for a visit.'     
Talia quickly put the pieces together. 'Damon, Alpha Edward believes Dawn and Zina are from the Midnight Guardians pack.'     
Damon's jaw ticked. If the story of Alpha Edward being involved in a witch hunt in order to harvest organs was true, Dawn and Zina would be in danger. Maybe not tonight, but they couldn't leave them in the Red Moon pack. Will Alpha Edward believe that George had Dawn and Zina in his villa without knowing from where they came? This was getting more complicated by the second.     
Talia glanced at Damon, and they didn't need the mind-link to understand each other's thoughts.     
"I wouldn't say that we changed policies about where my pack members will settle with their mates," Talia said.     
"Oh, no need for secrecy," Alpha Edward said. "We are all family here." Alpha Edward's eyes lost focus for a moment, and Owen stiffened on the other side of the event hall.     
'George!' Owen called through the pack link. 'Alpha just summoned me to go to him with Zina and Dawn!'     
'Don't panic,' George responded. 'He won't do anything drastic in front of witnesses. Alpha Damon and Luna Talia are there. Trust in them.'     
Talia watched as the trio approached them, and she could see so many ways this would end wrongly.     
"Lieutenant Owen, why don't you introduce us to your mate and her friend?" Alpha Edward asked.     
Dawn and Zina kept their heads low while giving their names. It was normal for Omegas to bow their heads in front of an Alpha, and they were standing in front of five. Dawn's wolf protested, but Dawn focused on Talia and Damon.     
"Dawn and Zina," Alpha Edward said. "Beautiful names for beautiful ladies. I hear you are staying with Commander George. Is he treating you well?"     
"Yes," Dawn and Zina responded in unison.     
"It's a pity I was unaware of your special background," Alpha Edward said. "If I knew, I wouldn't let you suffer in his house. Starting tomorrow, the two of you will work in the packhouse."     
###Chapter 932: James' birthday party (7)
Chapter 932: James' birthday party (7)
Alpha Edward reached below Zina's chin. "Let me see you."         
Zina closed her eyes and forced herself not to move.     
Before Alpha Edward could touch Zina, Owen grabbed Zina's arm and yanked her outside of Alpha Edward's reach.     
"Lieutenant Owen?" Alpha Edward growled lowly in a warning. "What's the meaning of this?" He saw that Dawn was marked, and that's why he went for Zina first.     
Owen knew that five Alphas were watching, but this was his mate, and he would rather die than let another man touch her. Everyone knew what was going on in that packhouse. There was a reason why only young and pretty Omegas worked there, for Alpha Edward to help himself whenever he had an itch.     
"I apologize, Alpha," Owen said. "But my mate and her friend are not members of the Red Moon pack, and it's not appropriate for them to receive orders from you or work in our packhouse."     
"Isn't that only a matter of time?" Alpha Edward asked. "Why delay? Our shaman is here. We can do the ceremony and be done with it."     
Owen balled his hands into fists. "We didn't decide where we are going to live."     
"Are you saying you are thinking of leaving the Red Moon pack?"     
"It's not final, but we want to keep our options open," Owen responded.     
Alpha Edward frowned. "Nonsense. Who heard of an able male joining the pack of his female? Besides, you are already here." Alpha Edward moved closer to Zina again. "What do you say? Will you give me a chance to show you the hospitality of the Red Moon pack?"     
Zina raised her head to meet Alpha Edward's eyes on her. "I am just visiting here."     
"Alpha Edward," Talia called. "Are you trying to poach my people right in front of me? Do I look like someone who is easy to bully?"     
"Not at all, Alpha Natalia," Alpha Edward said. "But if you have open borders with the Dark Howlers pack, maybe you could consider the same with the Red Moon pack. I suggest that these two females stay here. Next time you visit, you will see that they are treated well, and then you will allow more people from your pack to come."     
"Interesting proposal," Talia said. "However, I won't force my members to pick sides. If they wish to stay, they can."     
"Excellent!" Alpha Edward exclaimed, and he glanced at Dawn and then turned his focus back on Zina. "What do you say, doll?" He reached to touch her cheek. "Will you stay here?"     
A ferocious growl ripped from Owen, and he pushed Zina to stand behind him.     
"Lieutenant Owen?" Alpha Edward growled, and he released his Alpha aura. He had enough of Owen's interference.     
Owen's whole body shook, and he fell to his knees.     
Zina wanted to help Owen, but she was weaker than Owen, and she could only watch helplessly as her mate was being forced to submit.     
"Owen…" Zina called tearfully.     
At this point, Maddox, Tatiana, Tony, Kalina, Cristian, and Michelle were on their feet, all six tense while observing the scene. Mindy, Gideon, Sandy, and Tyler were there as well.     
Owen extended his arm toward Zina, indicating to her to stay away.     
Alpha Edward was Owen's Alpha, but Owen ended up humiliated in front of Zina, his mate. How could he keep his head down?     
Owen raised his head to meet Alpha Edward's glare, and he inhaled forcibly. "I, Owen of the Red Moon pack, denounce the Red Moon pack as my pack, and I reject Alpha Edward as my Alpha."     
Alpha Edward clutched his chest. "What did you do?"         
"Bwahahahaha!" Damon burst into hearty laughter like he just saw the most entertaining show.     
Talia waved at Keith and Arya to come closer. "Please, escort those three away. Lieutenant Owen probably needs a drink."     
Alpha Edward was still using his aura on Owen, but Keith stood between them like nothing out of the ordinary was happening. What the hell?     
With Owen denouncing Alpha Edward as his Alpha, the effect of Alpha Edward's aura on him diminished, but he was not immune. However, when Keith stood in front of him, Owen felt like he found himself in a protective bubble, and he could breathe again.     
"What is the meaning of this?" Alpha Edward asked furiously while his eyes moved from Damon to Talia.     
Damon wiped the corners of his eyes. He was laughing until he teared up. Talia wanted to pinch him, so he stopped laughing because this was not a laughing matter, but the thing was that she enjoyed seeing Alpha Edward's red face that contorted in anger.     
"It's amusing to see a Lieutenant standing up to his Alpha. And in front of an audience," Damon said.     
"Amusing?" Alpha William chimed in from behind Alpha Edward. "That's mutiny!"     
Alpha Richard was nodding in agreement.     
"I will punish him," Alpha Edward seethed. Owen's action was a slap in his face. He was never so humiliated!     
"You will do no such thing," Damon said, amusement from his voice gone. "That man showed bravery. If he needs a home, I will give him one."     
Alpha Edward narrowed his eyes at Damon. "You are poaching my people?"     
"People? It's just one warrior who left your pack of his own volition. Now, if his mate and her friend want to come also, that can be arranged," Damon said and turned to the table where Owen was sitting with Dawn, Zina, Arya, and Keith. "What do you say, ex-Lieutenant Owen? Will you join the Dark Howlers pack?"     
Owen stared at Damon. "It will be my honor."     
"What about your mate and her friend?"     
"They will come as well!" Owen quickly responded.     
Damon smirked. "There. It's settled."     
"Wait a minute!" Alpha Edward exclaimed. "You can't do that!"     
"I can, and I did," Damon said. "Normally, a pack member would fear retaliation, and he would sneak out. This warrior showed that he has the guts to leave the pack right in the face of his Alpha. I would be foolish not to poach such talent."     
"You staged this!" Alpha Edward fumed.     
"Staged, what?"     
"This! Coming to this event to embarrass me."     
"Not everything is about you, Alpha Edward," Talia said, and everyone turned to look at her. "I agree with Damon. That warrior was brave to stand up for what he believes in. If Dark Howlers doesn't suit them, they can come to my pack. In the Midnight Guardians pack, people get their duties based on interests and abilities, not based on their background and how they look."     
Alpha Edward's jaw ticked. He knew Talia was talking about him trying to get Dawn and Zina to work in his packhouse. But those two were from the Midnight Guardians pack! Other than being two attractive females, they were Omegas, and they had abilities, and how could he let them go?!     
But Alpha Edward didn't want to antagonize Talia. She was an Alpha female, a prized possession.         
Alpha Edward turned his attention to Damon. "You are pushing beyond my limits, Alpha Damon."     
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "What will you do about it? Issue me an Alpha challenge?"     
Several people in the event hall sucked in at the same time. Alpha challenge! It was a big deal!     
Alpha Edward gritted his teeth. Pulling back would be another stain on his reputation. And this time, too many people were watching. He needed a way out of this, and Damon just gave him an idea. "What if I am?"     
Damon stood up and straightened his back. "Challenge accepted, Alpha Edward."     
###Chapter 933: An Alpha's challenge (1) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 933: An Alpha's challenge (1) [Bonus chapter]
Talia's insides tightened. Alpha's challenge? Damon versus Alpha Edward? Damon could win with his eyes closed, but Alpha Edward was known for scheming, and Talia couldn't stop worrying. However, if she showed concern, it would be interpreted as her doubt in Damon's abilities, and she had to keep her chin high and her gaze unwavering.         
The whole event hall was deadly silent. No one was talking. Even the music stopped.     
"Wait a minute," Alpha Edward said. "Let's agree on conditions first."     
"Conditions? We will follow the ancient rules. Winner takes it all," Damon spoke with confidence. He didn't want to let Alpha Edward do all the talking.     
"Ancient rules it is," Alpha Edward agreed, and Damon's eyebrows shot up in surprise.     
"Edward!" Luna Layla hissed while tugging on his sleeve. "What are you doing?"     
"Let me handle this," he said to Luna Layla and then turned to speak to the people present. "I ask you to witness this challenge between two packs. As per ancient rules, one won't have an unfair advantage. If one doesn't have a weapon, the other can't use it either." Alpha Edward turned to Damon. "Is that fair?"     
Damon confirmed, wondering if it would be this easy. Did Alpha Edward get a boost in strength or in stupidity? Surely, the old guy knew that he had no chance in a duel against Damon.     
Alpha Edward continued, "Ancient rules also say that an Alpha can name a champion, per blood relation or ability."     
Damon's brows came together. "You want to name someone to fight in your place?"     
"Per ancient rules, that's an option."     
"It is," Damon had to agree with this. Sure, it was an option, but no respectable Alpha ever went for it.     
Damon realized what Alpha Edward's game was. The old guy didn't want to do it himself. But who could fight in his place?      
'Can you ask Sandy to check if there are Guardians nearby?' Damon asked Talia.      
'She is doing that the whole evening,' Talia confirmed. 'There are no Guardians in attendance.' But that didn't mean that some won't appear suddenly.     
James and Cornelia entered the event hall. Cornelia's baby-blue dress was wrinkled, and James was wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt he picked up from one of the clothes stashes next to the packhouse. It was not a secret that those two were rolling in the grass (there was grass in Cornelia's hair).     
George was frantically mind-linking James to get his ass back from the moment Alpha Edward called for Owen, Dawn, and Zina to go there. George told James what was happening, and James couldn't believe his father openly challenged Damon. Something was off.     
"James, my boy," Alpha Edward called. "You are back in time to see the monumental fight between two packs. Ancient rules apply; the winner takes it all."     
Damon had to clarify. "All is… when I win, I get your pack?"     
"The one who survives takes it all," Alpha Edward doubled down, and his eyes moved to Talia.     
Damon released a low growl. "My mate is not for taking." How dares that lecherous bastard look at Talia like that?     
Alpha Edward raised his hands. "Did the day come when Alpha Damon is not confident in his victory? I only wanted to confirm that your mate won't interfere with the fight. After all, she is an Alpha."     
"My mate will stay on the side," Damon said stiffly.     
Alpha Edward nodded. "Good to know. If one submits, he can keep his life, but he will live in shame forever. It will be up to the losing pack members to decide if they want to follow the winner or become rogues. How does that sound?"     
Damon narrowed his eyes while scrutinizing Alpha William and Alpha Richard. The two stood behind Alpha Edward, and Damon didn't miss them exchanging nervous glances. This was not part of the plan. What was Alpha Edward thinking?     
A few years ago, there was a scheme for several packs to attack the Dark Howlers pack and to share spoils. Was that what Alpha Edward was after?         
'Keith!' Damon called through the pack link. 'Contact Caden and Maya and confirm that things are fine there.'     
Keith stepped to the side while reaching for his phone.     
'He will try to sabotage you,' Talia spoke to Damon through their mind-link.     
Damon had to agree on how that was a possibility. 'Maybe. But… this is a fantastic opportunity to get rid of Alpha Edward. I can't pass on this. Help me keep an eye on him, kitten. Together, we can do this.'     
Talia smiled. How could she say no to that?     
"I assume you have the fighting area ready," Damon said. "Let us go there without delay."     
Maddox, and Tony were by Damon's side already.     
Other than Alpha Richard and Alpha William, present were also Alpha Adam from the Silverfur pack, Alpha Peter from the Evenfang pack, Alpha Robert, Alpha Patrick, as well as Alphas from a few smaller packs. Most of them stood neutral, not daring to pick a side. After all, Damon was a powerhouse, and Alpha Edward was the host. If Damon wins, wouldn't they all be stuck in the middle of a headless pack that's thirsty for revenge? They regretted not leaving sooner.     
Damon and Talia followed Alpha Edward to the training area that was only a few minutes away. There was a large square etched into the ground. Numerous footprints in that square were proof that was the sparring grounds.     
"This will do," Alpha Edward said. "Let's try to keep the fight contained to this area."     
Damon looked around to see people taking spots around the border. Other than Alphas, their pack members were also there, and quite a number of warriors from the Red Moon pack. The non-Alpha people stood a bit further away to avoid getting caught in the surge of aura from people fighting.     
The air was getting heavier by the minute as everyone was tense.     
Talia closed her eyes and sensed the surroundings. 'I don't find anything out of place, Damon.'     
'Stay on your toes,' Damon responded.     
"Do you plan to use a Champion?" Alpha Edward asked Damon.     
Damon was about to refuse. Since he became the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, Damon took part in many Alpha challenges, never via proxy. However, if one Alpha decided someone else to fight in his stead, it was expected for the other one to do the same.     
If Caden were here, he would be a good candidate to fight as Damon's representative. With the rule of no advantageous weapons used, if one of the opponents was not an Alpha, using the Alpha aura was not allowed. But Caden was not present, and the only warrior whose abilities Damon knew was Keith.     
Damon decided to ask first, "How about you?"     
"I choose as my Champion…" Alpha Edward made a dramatic pause. "Commander George."     
Damon needed a moment to process this. What the hell?     
Alpha Edward smirked at Damon. "Don't tell me you don't have a suitable warrior to match my Commander. If not, you can always fight yourself or forfeit."     
Damon's mind was working a million thoughts a second. Keith was capable, but was he on George's level? Even without an Alpha aura, George was an Alpha with strength and speed above others. On the other hand, if Damon fought against Commander George, even if he won, it wouldn't be considered honorable. After all, ancient rules were about power and honor. Was that what Alpha Edward was after? Damn it!     
###Chapter 934: An Alpha's challenge (2)
Chapter 934: An Alpha's challenge (2)
"Wait!" James exclaimed, making everyone look at him.         
"What are you doing?" Alpha Edward growled.     
"Before Alpha Damon decides on his proxy, we should confirm that everyone understands the rules," James said. "The rules say a champion can be chosen, and he needs to be willing to represent the party in an Alpha challenge."     
Damon realized that James had just helped him out. "I see. What else do the rules say?"     
"The Champion can be an achieved warrior or a blood relative. If willing, he will represent the Alpha, and it's an honorable thing that the other party picks a champion as well."     
Alpha Edward smirked at James' words. "That's what I was thinking. George!" Alpha Edward waved at George, who still didn't move from his spot. "You get the honor of representing your pack in this challenge."     
Damon raised his hand. "Just a moment. Before Commander George accepts, I want to name my Champion as well."     
Alpha Edward gestured to Damon to go ahead.     
Talia rolled her shoulders. She was ready for this.     
Can she fight against George? She can knock him down with Liseli's help, and people will not notice that Talia used glowing abilities.     
Damon noticed that Talia was warming up to something, and he asked her through the mind-link, 'What are you doing?'     
'Getting ready to fight,' Talia responded matter-of-factly.     
Damon looked at her helplessly. 'Do you think I will send my pregnant mate to fight in my place?'     
Talia was a bit disappointed. Other than being unable to shift, she could do everything else, much more than other Alphas! 'I know George is a friend, but if he is fighting for Alpha Edward, we can't take this lightly. Besides, I can knock him out without harming him. Who will you send? Max? Tony?'     
"George!" Damon called. "I want you to be my Champion."     
Alpha Edward stared at Damon in disbelief. "Are you so afraid that you are giving up?"     
Damon raised his hand, indicating to Alpha Edward to stop talking.     
"Rules are that the Champion needs to be an achieved warrior and that he is willing. There is nothing to say he needs to be from my pack. What do you say, Commander George? Will you represent me as my Champion?"     
George smirked and walked into the fighting area. He turned to Damon and put his hand over his chest. "It will be my honor, Alpha Damon."     
Alpha Edward couldn't believe this. "George! What are you doing!?"     
"Alpha Damon and I trained together. I know his moves, and he knows mine. Like this… it will be more interesting."     
"The rules are clear!" Maddox exclaimed from the side. "Commander George accepted to represent Alpha Damon. Are you going to break the rules, Alpha Edward?"     
Damon chuckled. "Don't be a sourpuss, Edward! Pick another one!"     
Alpha Edward gritted his teeth. What other one? George was the best! Picking any other warrior from the Red Moon pack would be giving up! And he didn't have anyone from another pack to pick. Could he pick Alpha William or Alpha Richard or their Betas? But all those people avoided his gaze, and he didn't want to embarrass himself with another rejection. What about Beta Raymond? Where the hell did that guy go?     
Alpha Edward looked around frantically, and his eyes landed on one person that couldn't say no. "James, my boy. You get to…"     
"No," James refused before Alpha Edward could finish.         
'James,' Alpha Edward called thorough their mind-link. 'George is your mentor. He won't harm you. You only need to put on a show so I can cause a commotion and shoot Alpha Damon. I have a gun with…'     
'No!' James said. 'A gun? Look how many Alphas are watching. What honor will we have left?'     
'Screw honor!' Alpha Edward was livid. 'Who cares about honor if we lose the pack!?'     
'You should have thought about it before you challenged Alpha Damon.'     
'This will be your pack one day!'     
'I don't need it,' James responded.     
"James," Alpha Edward called with his voice for everyone to hear. "As my son and the future Alpha of the Red Moon pack, you must represent the pack. Don't tell me that the female by your side made you lose your reasoning. Did she cast a spell on you? You are still young, and you will meet many…"     
James tuned out his father. He turned to look at Cornelia, whose hand he held, and she smiled at him with a smile that chased away everything bad in the world. That was his chocolate-colored Goddess, she was pregnant with his pup, and the future was bright as long as Alpha Edward was not nearby.     
Did Cornelia cast a spell on him? Maybe she did, but if that was the case, he wanted to stay in that enchantment forever.     
"JAMES REDMAYNE!" Alpha Edward roared, not caring about their audience.     
James cringed. "Stop yelling." This was not about representing the pack; it was about satisfying his father's greed. "I won't fight in your place because I refuse to fight my Alpha."     
Alpha Edward was sure that his ears malfunctioned. "Your WHAT!?"     
"I, James Redmayne, denounce the Red Moon…"     
"JAMES!" Alpha Edward shouted.     
"…and I reject Alpha Edward…"     
"STOP!"     
"…as my Alpha."     
Alpha Edward clutched his chest. What the hell did his son do?     
James turned to Damon. "Alpha Damon, is the offer still valid?"     
Damon grinned. "Welcome to the family, Gamma James. We will get to the formality of the ceremony as soon as we finish here."     
Alpha Edward nearly vomited from anger. "Gamma!? You are abandoning the position of the future Alpha so that you can be a lowly Gamma!?"     
James didn't want to respond. He squeezed Cornelia's hand, and they walked to Damon and Talia.     
Damon and James shook hands, and Talia gave a hug to Cornelia, and then she hugged James as well.     
"You should probably stay in the back," Talia told Cornelia, to which the latter nodded.     
"George!" James shouted. "Make sure to do a body search before fighting. You never know if someone might have a weapon on him."         
James gave Damon a meaningful look, and Damon understood that James said that for a reason. Did Alpha Edward have a concealed weapon? Of course, he did. Alpha Edward was a sneaky fox, and James never spoke without reason.     
Alpha Edward was on the verge of passing out from anger. Did James snitch on him? He turned to Luna Layla. "Do you see this!? This is the son you gave me! Why didn't you stop him?"     
"Ha. Ha. Hahahaha…" Luna Layla was laughing hysterically. "To think that I got to live to see this day."     
Alpha Edward couldn't believe this. "Are you crazy!?"     
"Me? Crazy? I was crazy for being your mate and wasting more than two decades of my life. I am done."     
"WHAT!? You are leaving me!? I am the Alpha of this pack! See if you can leave this territory in one piece!"     
Luna Layla shrugged. "Without an heir, your pack is doomed for failure. When warriors find out that their Alpha doesn't have a future, they will riot and grab as much as they can before everything collapses. No one will heed your order."     
"What about everything we built together? What about our children? James is still my son. He will see reason and come back!"     
"You don't have children, dear," Luna Layla said with venom in her voice.     
Alpha Edward's eyes flashed when he understood the meaning behind Luna Layla's words. "Impossible!"     
###Chapter 935: An Alpha's challenge (3)
Chapter 935: An Alpha's challenge (3)
Luna Layla sneered at Alpha Edward. "Oh, it's possible. On the first day I arrived here, I spiked your drink with drugs that made you infertile."         
Alpha Edward was raging now. "LIES! TELL ME YOU ARE LYING!" His Alpha aura was flaring uncontrollably, but his mark on Luna Layla's neck made her feel like just a breeze was caressing her skin.     
She looked at him sadly. "You knew I had a mate, and you still went with the deal and forced your mark on me the moment I reached eighteen years old. Did you really think I submitted to you? I vowed that your bloodline would end with you. The only pleasure I had while staying here was draining your treasury while buying useless luxuries."     
Alpha Edward moved toward Luna Layla in slow motion as possessed. "Marcy and James… who is their father?" His eyes moved randomly, and they flashed dangerously when it dawned on him. "Chester. Your fated mate."     
Luna Layla smirked. "I made sure to go to him the moment I felt the first signs of heat. Every. Time. You thought I'm a whore like you? For me, there was only him. You, I endured. Chester, I loved, and I still do."     
Luna Layla turned to James. "I have no hope that you and your sister will forgive me. I failed you, and I can't take it back. I sent her away as a child, hoping to protect her from this monster you call father, but he still brought her back and… In my defense, I did what I had to do to survive. I was a horrible mother, but it gives me comfort to know you found your path and that Edward Redmayne can't harm you."     
James stared at his mother. He suspected that Alpha Edward was not his father and that their relationship was complex, but this… he was not sure what to think. Who the hell was Chester?     
Luna Layla looked at Alpha Edward. "Edward Redmayne, I reject you as my mate and as my Alpha, and I denounce the Red Moon pack."     
Alpha Edward fell to his knees, and he gasped for air. He heard that breaking the bond was torturous and could kill the wolf, but this was not so bad. Was it because they were not fated mates? Or because his wolf was stronger than others? It didn't matter.     
He had no intention of accepting the rejection. He will keep her with this half-ass bond forever and use it to track her and punish her, just like all others that dared to turn against him!     
Alpha Edward didn't look up as Luna Layla walked away. No one stopped her.     
After Luna Layla's footsteps faded, the only sound was the rustling of the leaves under the night's breeze.     
'PAK!'     
Damon clapped loudly, and several figures jolted.     
"Now that we got that out of the way, how about we go back to the challenge?"     
Alpha Edward looked at Damon. "You want to hit me while I'm down?"     
Damon stuffed his hands into his pant pockets. "You are the one who issued the challenge, Alpha Edward. I don't remember you asking me if I had any family issues that might impact my state of mind. I came for a birthday party and ended up with a challenge on my hands. You don't hear me complaining. As Alphas, we deal with whatever comes. The moment we agreed to the conditions, the challenge began. So, how about it? Will you fight, or do you forfeit? We have so many esteemed Alphas to bear witness to what's happening tonight. Even the reporters from the WW Magazine are here."     
Alpha Edward shuddered. Why was this evening getting worse by the minute? "You want us to fight?"     
Damon shrugged. "Someone should fight to settle this challenge. You can pick another man to represent you, and feel free to choose if you will go against my Champion or against me."     
"Damon!" Tony called with a warning in his voice, and Damon raised his hand.     
"I know what you are going to say," Damon said. "Commander George is not an Alpha. However, he is a capable warrior, and the rules state that one won't use weapons the other doesn't have, which means that Alpha Edward won't use his Alpha aura. I trust that Alpha Edward will follow those rules, and I trust that Commander George won't go easy on him just because he belongs to the Red Moon pack."     
People looked at Damon like he had lost his marbles. Since when was Alpha Edward following rules? And how can a Commander fight against his Alpha?     
But it was Damon's fight, and George was in the fighting area, and it was not theirs to meddle.     
Of course, Damon knew that Alpha Edward would use anything available to secure a win, cheating included, but Damon also knew that George was an Alpha, motivated by the thirst to avenge his parents.     
Alpha Edward pressed his lips into a line while thinking about the best course of action. Sure, his wolf got a few blows with Owen, James, and Luna Layla leaving the pack, and Luna Layla rejecting the bond, but it was not hopeless. He was the Alpha of the Red Moon pack, and George was not. George was a member of the Red Moon pack, which meant that Alpha Edward had authority over him.     
If he defeats George, isn't that like defeating Alpha Damon?         
With this, Alpha Edward's spirit soared.     
Yes, yes. He will defeat George, and then he will punish Owen, James, and that traitorous woman (aka Luna Layla). Who cares about a little setback? What matters is who will stand at the top last, and that will be him. With Alpha Damon defeated, the Red Moon pack will be the largest in North America. He will snatch Zina and Dawn, and even Alpha Natalia will admire him. Maybe Alpha Natalia comes to comfort him because of Luna Layla's betrayal?     
The more he thought about it, the better it sounded.     
Alpha Edward pushed himself to stand. "I accept. Me against George. The fight ends with death or when one side accepts defeat. The winner will decide if he will show mercy."     
Damon didn't need to look at George to know that the latter was barely containing his Alpha aura from bursting with bloodlust.     
"One thing, first!" Damon exclaimed.     
Alpha Edward balled his hands into fists impatiently. "Now what?"     
"Let's not forget body search for weapons," Damon said. "Just in case. My men will search Alpha Edward and you…" Damon gestured toward Alpha Edward, "… can pick who will search Commander George."     
Keith and Owen were quick to go to Alpha Edward and pat his clothes. Keith found a gun, and Owen found a knife.     
George moved to the side to give his shirt to Dawn.     
Alpha Richard patted George, and he found George's cell phone; Dawn was quick to snatch it from Alpha Richard's hand. It had racy text messages between the two, and Dawn didn't want to risk anyone seeing those. Those were private.     
George looked at Dawn, and he regretted not having a mind-link.     
"Be careful," Dawn said.     
George's jaw ticked. To hell with secrets and everything. After this fight, he will come out as a victor or loser. In any case, there will be no need to hide.     
George was confident that Damon and Talia would protect Dawn if the worst happened. With that, George made two quick steps to Dawn and wrapped his arms around her as his lips crashed on hers with urgency.     
"Watch me win, my love," George said, his voice barely above a whisper.     
"I will," Dawn responded. "Your parents will be watching too."      
###Chapter 936: An Alpha's challenge (4)
Chapter 936: An Alpha's challenge (4)
Alpha Edward closed his eyes and took deep breaths while chanting to himself that he can do this. Sure, he didn't fight in ages, and using his aura was not allowed, but he could always use a small burst, only to obstruct George's movements.         
George was a Commander for a reason. He was the best warrior of the Red Moon pack, but Alpha Edward was still the Alpha of that same pack, and no one should take him lightly.     
Alpha Edward heard people whispering about three people leaving the Red Moon pack, right in front of their Alpha, two of them part of the Redmayne family. Alpha Edward was never this humiliated in his life, and to make everything worse, the wretched reporters were documenting everything!     
It didn't matter. He will turn this situation around. As long as spectators don't get too close to feel his Alpha aura, it will be fine. Actually, George was his Commander, the most faithful warrior. Will he dare to fight seriously against his Alpha? With this thought, Alpha Edward's confidence soared.     
Penelope watched the scene of people gathering around George and Dawn, who held each other.     
Penelope remembered how cold George was toward her during the party, yet Dawn was cocooned in George's arms for everyone to see. No man ever held her like that, passionately, possessively, in front of people. And George was shirtless and undeniably handsome.     
And then there was Damon. Tall, muscular, powerful… with Talia by his side.     
She saw them all during the party. Sandy and Tyler, Keith and Arya, Alpha Maddox with Tatiana, Alpha Anthony with Kalina, Owen and Zina. Everyone had someone. Even young Alpha James was holding onto an unknown woman.     
Penelope released a frustrated breath. Were all Alphas taken?     
Talia's words still echoed in her mind. Was she incapable of doing anything without her identity as the princess of the Night Sentinel pack?     
From the corner of her eye, Penelope saw a figure moving away from the fighting area. It was Nora.     
Penelope moved swiftly to catch up.     
"Are you not interested in the fight?"     
Nora froze. Why was this female blocking her? The whole evening, Nora kept a low profile. Her father told her she had to attend, so she did, but now that things had reached this point and her father was not in sight, Nora decided to make her exit.     
Maybe others didn't know who George was, but Nora saw plenty while in the Dark Howlers pack, and she knew that Alpha Edward was screwed. Nora was on her way to her room to pack her belongings and scram before the whole pack went to hell, but she couldn't say that to Penelope.     
"What is there to see when the outcome is obvious?" Nora asked.     
"You don't want to watch your Alpha showing dominance?" Penelope asked. "I thought the two of you are… close." She gave her a meaningful look.     
Nora smiled nervously. "I saw Alpha Edward showing dominance many times. Since it's novel for you, you should watch it. I am Beta's daughter, and I have important things to do. If you excuse me…" And just like that, Nora dashed toward the packhouse, leaving confused Penelope behind.     
George exchanged nods with Alphas that gathered around him, and then he moved to stand in the fighting area.     
"Where is Mindy?" Maddox asked while looking around.     
Talia responded, "Mindy and Gideon went with the Shaman of the Red Moon pack to talk to the pack members. No matter how tonight ends, people will be unsettled."     
Kalina and Tatiana exchanged a few words, and then Kalina asked Talia, "Can you tell us where Mindy is? I'm sure they could use help."     
Talia called Arya and told her to take them where Mindy and Gideon were. Like this, everyone had a task. Talia wanted to go as well, but she didn't want to leave Damon's side. Damon agreed.     
"Are you sure this is the right thing to do?" Tony asked Damon while pointing with his chin toward George.     
Damon was sure. Almost.     
Damon never relied on others to fight in his stead, so this was a first. Of course, Damon investigated the history of the Frostcrest pack, and George's story matched it.         
Alpha Conor and Luna Eliana had a toddler boy who disappeared at the time when their pack was invaded by the Red Moon pack, with Alpha Howard leading it. Damon believed that George was that boy, but he was unsure if George's desire for revenge was still intact. Twenty years was a long time to change one's mind, and George was too young to remember his parents and life in the Frostcrest pack. What if George accepted his position as a Commander of the Red Moon pack? Without a pack of his own, that was the highest George could go, and George expressed his lack of interest in leading a pack, so maybe he decided to settle with what he had and to leave the past in the past…     
"I believe in George," Talia said to Damon and for everyone else to hear. "He is a man of his word."     
Damon looked at the little woman by his side and smiled. He knew she could feel his doubts creeping in.     
Damon pulled Talia closer to him and pressed his lips on her forehead. "Thank you, kitten."     
Talia loved the feeling of Damon's lips against her skin as he spoke, and she loved how caring and open he was about expressing his thoughts and emotions.      
In the fighting area...     
Alpha Edward removed his shirt and threw it on the side. He looked like a man in his late forties, with a notable physique that reminded everyone he was an Alpha. Muscles covered every inch of Alpha Edward's body with a dust of chest hair that trailed down to his navel.     
Now that Alpha Edward stood close to George, everyone noticed that George's physique was not lacking. Actually, George was bigger. But this was not about the mass of one's body. It was about confidence and the bloodlust that showed George was not at a disadvantage.     
The air tensed as George stood in front of Alpha Edward, and the world around them faded.     
This was it. Alpha Edward was not the one who killed his parents, but he continued the vile practices of his father. Alpha Edward benefited from the spoils they took from many packs that fell under the Red Moon pack as it expanded. Werewolves without a place to flee who didn't want to become rogues accepted their fate in the Red Moon pack as lower than Omegas.     
They took numerous kids under the pretense of providing a home to orphans, but they conveniently forgot to say that the Red Moon pack was the reason why kids like George and Owen were orphaned in the first place!     
As far as George could remember, he watched Omegas being treated as dirt in a pack where the stronger ones rule without mercy and where the concept of helping each other didn't exist. It was a sickening and brutal place. They raised kids with teachings on how that was the way everyone became stronger, but it was just brainwashing to conceal the fact that the ones at the top suppressed weaker ones for their own agenda.     
###Chapter 937: An Alpha's challenge (5)
Chapter 937: An Alpha's challenge (5)
Alpha Edward called through their pack link, 'George, let's not drag this. We will exchange a few hits, and I will end it quickly.'         
George didn't get it. What did that mean? 'You will end it quickly?'     
'We need to cooperate. I don't want to hurt you seriously. I know you accepted Alpha Damon's request to benefit the Red Moon pack.' This was the only explanation that worked in Alpha Edward's mind.     
'Alpha Edward, you should know I take every challenge seriously.'     
'Don't be stubborn. I don't want to harm you. I will need a capable warrior like you to subdue rebelling units of the Dark Howlers pack when this is over. You can attack first. I will dodge, and then I will counterattack and take you down. Let's make it believable. You admit the defeat, and I assume that Alpha Damon won't go down willingly. I will provoke him to make a fuss and then use the rules of the Alpha challenge for other Alphas to support us. In the worst case, he will retaliate, and we will subdue him together.'     
George needed a moment to process this information. Was that why Alpha Edward didn't panic? He believed that George was one of his loyal dogs.     
George looked left and right and met the eyes of many from their audience. How many of them were loyal to Alpha Edward? Not many. Most of them stuck to Alpha Edward because of fear and benefits.     
George assumed a fighting stance. "I apologize for any future offense I make, but I must take this challenge seriously, or my reputation as a Commander will be damaged."     
Alpha Edward nodded magnanimously. "I understand. You do what you need to, and I will do the same. Do you want to get the first… UGH!" Alpha Edward couldn't finish that question as George was already in front of him, and Alpha Edward swayed awkwardly to avoid George's fist directed at him.     
Dawn held her breath and her eyes were open to the point of hurting.     
'It will be OK,' Zina's voice sounded in Dawn's head through their pack link. 'Owen told me that George is the best warrior in the pack. He can do this.'     
'Thanks, Zi,' Dawn responded without removing her eyes from George who was attacking Alpha Edward.     
Three fists missed, but the fourth one landed in Alpha Edward's abdomen, propelling him backward. Before Alpha Edward could recuperate, George's kick reached Alpha Edward's knee, and next was a punch in the shoulder.     
Alpha Edward curled down to roll away from George. He needed a breather. He was hoping that George would put up a good show, but wasn't this too realistic?     
Before Alpha Edward could regain his bearings, a kick landed on his lower back, and he fell to the ground face first. How embarrassing!     
'George!' Alpha Edward roared in the pack link, but there was no response. 'You are taking this too far!'     
"Get up!" George growled, and Alpha Edward raised his head to see George standing above him.     
Alpha Edward pushed himself up to jump at George. His attack was cut short when his face collided with the sole of George's elegant black shoe.     
George got those shoes with the intention of dancing with Dawn, but there was no dancing because he couldn't disclose that Dawn was his mate. Because of Alpha Edward!     
The stinging pain told Alpha Edward that his nose was broken. What the hell!?     
Alpha Edward's vision blurred, and he shook his head before stumbling to his feet.     
'George! You need to stop this. Now!'     
Alpha Edward was still half bent when a heavy blow landed at the base of his neck, and he fell down to his knees.     
Alpha Edward froze. He was kneeling. An Alpha was kneeling! And so many people were watching!     
A ferocious growl ripped from Alpha Edward's chest as humiliation mixed with helplessness, and he was determined to wash away his grievances with blood. No price was too high to make this go away!     
A violent surge of Alpha Aura burst from Alpha Edward, making everyone in the audience gasp in shock.         
Owen hugged Zina, and James shielded Cornelia with his body, but they still groaned under the energy that made it difficult to breathe.     
Talia waved her hand, calling them to stand behind her. James moved with Cornelia, and Owen carried Zina, whose legs refused to budge, and they all visibly relaxed when they got there. It was like Talia had an invisible shield that repelled Alpha Edward's aura. They never saw anything like it!     
"I feared this would happen!" Tony shouted while anxiously pointing at George and Alpha Edward. He would go there, but he was not sure if he would be able to help or just get in the way and embarrass himself. Tony practiced hard, but a few months of training can't replace the years he missed because his father denied him the preparations other young Alphas had.     
"This is against the rules! We need to stop this!" Maddox was about to enter the fighting area, but Damon's hand landed on his shoulder to hold him back.     
"Wait. Let George handle this," Damon said. Now that he confirmed George was serious, Damon had no concerns.     
Everyone stared at the scene of George standing straight in front of Alpha Edward like he was not bothered by the pressure.     
"An Alpha," Maddox said under his breath. "And a strong one." He shot a side-glance at Damon. "You knew."     
Damon smirked smugly. The fact that he was the only one in their group who knew, made Damon feel important.     
Maddox moved closer to Damon and asked in a low voice, "Is he stronger than I am?"     
Damon shrugged. "You will need to spar to find out."     
Talia couldn't believe it. Was everything a competition? Will they ever grow up?     
Alpha Edward stared at George as possessed. What the hell was going on? "You… you… who are you?"     
"You will die today because you don't have the answer to that question," George responded icily.     
Alpha Edward's eyes flashed in realization. This was serious. Screw the rules! He already broke them by using his aura, and there was only one more move left.     
With a deep growl, Alpha Edward's clothes exploded, and a massive gray wolf appeared in his place.     
'What's going on?' Talia asked, unsure why Damon's anxiousness spiked. She could feel him tensing by her side.     
'Alpha Edward is cornered. In these challenges, the one who shifts first admits he is at a disadvantage. Unfortunately for George, Alpha Edward's command over the pack is stronger when he is in wolf form.' Damon wished that George had left the Red Moon pack before taking this challenge.     
Talia's brows came together in concern. 'Will Alpha Edward be able to influence George?'     
'It will depend on George's willpower. Alphas spend years polishing their skill to command their wolf and pack members, and George didn't have a chance to practice this. No matter how skilled he is in fighting, this is like a veteran warrior facing a child who trained with video games.'     
Talia swallowed hard. This didn't sound good.     
Talia and Damon had an advantage because their wolves could talk. It was easier to communicate. Others mostly go based on reading emotions, requiring more time to figure out the dynamics between the human and the wolf parts.     
'Lis?' Talia called.     
'There is nothing we can do about his willpower,' Liseli responded right away. 'But I can sense that his wolf is strong.'     
'Let's hope he is strong enough.'     
George's face contorted in a grimace.         
"George!" Dawn shouted desperately when Alpha Edward pounced on George, who stood frozen.     
###Chapter 938: An Alpha's challenge (6)
Chapter 938: An Alpha's challenge (6)
Dawn muffled her cry with her palm when the gray wolf tumbled with George, who moved just in time to protect his neck from sharp teeth coming at him.         
Growls, grunts, and yelps overlapped from the human and the animal as the cloud of dust rose around them, and everyone stared there anxiously in the hope of seeing what was going on.     
Damon was tense like a string on a bow. He was not used to being a spectator, and this situation was nerve-wracking.     
'Damon?' Talia called through their mind-link, and she let him sense her worry. Why was George not shifting into his wolf? Did Alpha Edward use some underhanded method to incapacitate George?     
The dust was so thick now that they couldn't see what was going on there.     
'Trust in George,' Damon said to Talia. 'He is fighting for his past, present, and future. He won't fall easily.'     
With a high-pitched squeal, the gray wolf flew out of the cloud of dust, landing heavily on his back and leaving a trail on the ground as he slid backward.     
Everything was silent.     
The gray wolf stood up and snorted. He shook his head before narrowing his eyes on the cloud of dust that twirled in front of him.     
A long second later, a dark brown wolf emerged from there, sneering to show his long canine teeth. Ruffled fur sticky from blood revealed claw marks on his left hind leg, but George's pain was numbed by the adrenaline.      
Owen's eyes were open wide in disbelief. He and George had been friends from childhood, but Owen never saw George in his wolf form.     
As Alpha Edward stood there, Owen confirmed that George's wolf was bigger between the two.     
If anyone doubted if George was an Alpha, those doubts were gone now. One could impact their muscle mass by exercising and eating a protein-rich diet, but the size of the wolf was proportional to power. Only Alphas could grow to such size.     
Alpha William sucked in a sharp breath.     
"What is it?" Alpha Richard asked.     
"The mark on the boy's head."     
Alpha Richard narrowed his eyes to see the light brown patch of fur on top of George's head that resembled a five-pointed star. "What about it?"     
"That's the mark of the Frostcrest pack," Alpha William said. "I knew Alpha Conor. He had the same mark. It runs in their family."     
"Are you saying," Alpha Richard spoke in a low voice, "...that's the young Alpha of the Frostcrest pack?"     
"Not young. With Alpha Conor gone, Commander George IS the Alpha of the Frostcrest pack. And Red Moon pack is responsible for their demise."     
Alpha Richard was unsettled. "What does that mean for us?"     
Alpha William was not sure. "If George were just a warrior, Edward's win would be certain. However, now that we know he is an Alpha, things are tricky. Alpha Conor was not a fighter, but his wolf was strong. If this boy inherited his father's disposition, and he sharpened his potential with the training of a warrior, Edward is in trouble."     
"What should we do?" Alpha Richard asked in an urgent whisper.     
Alpha William shrugged. "There is nothing for us to do. Edward challenging the Dark Howlers pack was not part of our plan. Since he did that on his own, win or lose, we are just witnesses."     
"Can we do that?"     
Alpha William snorted. "Do you think we will benefit if Edward wins?"         
Alpha Richard shook his head, and Alpha William continued, "Since you know that's the case, why do you think we will suffer if he loses?"     
Alpha Richard knew it made sense, but it was not a secret that the two of them were closest to Alpha Edward. Will other Alphas just let them be?     
In the fighting area, gray and brow wolf circled slowly while releasing low growls and observing, measuring, and deciding.     
Damon was scrutinizing every movement of two wolves while talking to Talia through their mind-link.     
'They are suppressing the other with their aura in order to gauge where they stand in terms of power. However, using aura too much takes concentration, and they need to strike a balance. George's aura is stronger than Alpha Edward's, but George had limited training in his wolf form because he couldn't reveal his wolf here.'     
'Where did he train?' Talia asked.     
'At the Dark Howlers pack. I taught him a few moves.'     
'You did?' Talia asked.     
'I tried, but then he found Dawn and ended up screwing her most of the time.'     
Talia didn't want to think about what George and Dawn did in the privacy of their bedroom. 'Are you telling me that George's wolf is stronger, but Alpha Edward has more practice?'      
Damon confirmed. 'Correct. This is a game of skill, instincts, and strength. George has an advantage in terms of strength, while Alpha Edward is better if we look at their skills. As for instincts, it's a coin toss because both of them are under pressure. Every move could be deadly.'     
Talia nodded in understanding. She noticed that audience was barely breathing, and no one was blinking.     
The reporter stopped taking photos since George's wolf appeared.     
It was intense.     
The gray wolf snapped his maw and sneered, and the brown wolf jumped at him.     
There was a collective inhale as two wolves rolled together, each trying to bite the other's neck and end the fight.     
"Ahh!" Dawn cried when the gray wolf bit the brown one's front leg.     
George's wolf managed to move and avoid fatal injury, but the amount of blood flowing showed it was serious.     
Alpha Edward's wolf had no intention of letting go, and George's wolf whined while twisting his body, and then he bit the hind leg of the gray wolf.     
With one jerk of his head, the brow wolf had a mouthful of fur and flesh, and the gray wolf yelped.     
The brown wolf used this chance to move away and bite the gray wolf again, this time going for the neck. It was close.     
The gray wolf kicked and snapped his maw, but it was in vain.     
George's wolf was biting harder and releasing low growls as George's aura flared to suppress Alpha Edward's movements.     
Damon released the breath he was holding, and Talia knew it was over.     
It was like time stopped as everyone looked at the scene in front of them.         
Eventually, George's wolf stepped away from the gray wolf, who twitched on the ground, unable to get up and continue fighting.     
"AWOOOOO!"     
An earth-shaking howl ripped from George's wolf as he raised his head to the moonless night sky.     
George groaned as his form changed into one of a man.     
His deep brown fur covered up the injuries, but his slightly tanned flesh was now mostly deep red from blood and engraved with cuts and gashes everywhere. The worst one was on his shoulder, which was bleeding profusely.     
"Shift back," George said to the gray wolf.     
There was no response.     
George inhaled forcibly. "SHIFT BACK!" An Alpha command echoed, and Alpha Edward's form was revealed after a few painful seconds.     
"Woah!" Alpha William exclaimed. "Conor's son has the strength to command another Alpha."     
Alpha Richard swallowed hard. George was in human form, and he forced a command on an Alpha wolf. That can't be good. What if he turns on them?     
George swayed a bit before steadying himself and looking down at Alpha Edward, whose body was soaking in the pool of blood.     
###Chapter 939: An Alpha's challenge (7)
Chapter 939: An Alpha's challenge (7)
Dawn wanted to go to George, but Keith blocked her way.          
"The fight ends when one of them dies or forfeits," Keith reminded her. "If you go there, people will doubt the validity of George's victory. Is that what you want?"     
Dawn bit her lower lip and shook her head. She didn't think about the stupid challenge. Her mate was there, injured and bleeding, and she wanted to be by his side.     
"Conor Shaw and Eliana Shaw," George said. He didn't speak loudly, but everyone heard him. "My parents. They died because of you."     
Alpha Edward blinked while trying to focus. What did George say? The pain was numbing all of his senses.     
"I never heard of those names," Alpha Edward responded weakly.     
George's jaw ticked. "Alpha Conor Shaw and Luna Eliana Shaw, of the Frostcrest pack. The Red Moon pack invaded us, your father killed my father, and my mother died of heartbreak soon after. Your warriors plundered my treasury and did unspeakable things to the females. You took my territory, imprisoned my people, and whoever dared to was killed on the spot."     
George spat a mouthful of blood on the ground next to Alpha Edward. "I was a toddler, and not many knew what I looked like, so you took me in as an orphan."     
George sneered. "The reward for surviving diabolical conditions was another hell you called training to be the warrior of the Red Moon pack and die with bullshit nonsense how it's for the glory of the pack. There is nothing glorious about dying!"     
"I raised you. Without me, you would be no one!" Alpha Edward sprayed blood from his mouth.     
George squatted and looked at Alpha Edward mockingly. "Now you know who killed you and why."     
"Traitor!"     
George released some of his aura and Alpha Edward groaned. "In order to be a traitor, one must be loyal at some point. You never had my loyalty. If there is such a thing as hell, tell your father that I look forward to the day when we will meet."     
Alpha Edward's mouth opened in a silent scream as George increased his aura, and the cracking sounds were heard like someone was snapping twigs.     
Alpha Edward's body contorted as his bones and internal organs burst, and the pool of blood under him was rapidly increasing even though the thirsty soil was soaking it in.     
George looked at the lifeless body. He imagined this moment many times, and in his mind, it was more dramatic. Music? Fireworks? Special effects? There was nothing extraordinary about Alpha Edward's death. It was unremarkable.     
George stood up and looked at the moonless sky that was speckled with countless stars, and George wondered if his parents saw this.     
He did it. He avenged their deaths. Now what?     
Soft fabric covered his midsection, and he felt a pair of arms snaking around his waist from behind. He didn't need to look back to know it was Dawn. Only she smelled of cinnamon, and her touch came with the addictive sparks of their bond.     
"It will be alright, George," Dawn said. "Alpha Edward is gone, and we don't need to hide anymore."     
George wished it was so simple. He looked around to see many Alphas staring at him, and he remembered where he was and why.     
"Alpha Damon," George called. "As your Champion, I defeated Alpha Edward. It was my right to decide if I will show him mercy, and I decided against it."     
"You did good, Alpha George," Damon said. "In the name of the Dark Howlers pack, thank you. If you ever need assistance, you can consider us your allies."     
George lifted his chin. "Thank you, Alpha Damon, Alpha Natalia." For keeping his secrets and for allowing him to avenge his parents. George had Dawn now, and he had no regrets.     
James stepped forward and addressed the people gathered. "For the ones who didn't hear it clearly, Commander George is the son of Alpha Conor and Luna Eliana. He is the Alpha of the Frostcrest pack." James turned to George. "Alpha George, do you know what you will do now?"     
George wrapped his arms around Dawn. Other than being with her, he didn't plan anything else.         
"I think the bigger question is what will happen to the Red Moon pack," Alpha William said, and everyone turned to look at Damon.     
Damon's eyes moved in slow motion over everyone present, and he paused when he saw people emerging from the forest on the North side of the training grounds.     
Mindy, Gideon, and the Shaman of the Red Moon pack were at the front, and Arya, Tatiana, and Kalina were with them. Little by little, a dozen people became hundreds, and they all had the same lost expressions of uncertainty. They felt the pack bond breaking when Alpha Edward died and were unsure what to do.     
'People need a guarantee that they won't be abandoned and that they are not moving from one thralldom to another,' Gideon's voice sounded in Damon's head.     
"This is a lot of land for me to manage, and I don't need more members," Damon said loudly so everyone could hear him.     
James frowned in disapproval. "If we just leave this, it will be chaos. Other packs will fight for the territory, and people will either be enslaved or become rogues."     
Damon raised his hand, indicating to James to be patient. "The Dark Howlers pack territory is far away from here. It doesn't make sense for me to modify the borders of other packs to connect two territories or to have two separate regions to manage. Since it's in everyone's interest to suppress rogues and avoid chaos, I suggest that all Alphas present join me in discussing an acceptable solution."     
Damon looked at Alpha William and Alpha Richard. "Based on the rules of the challenge, this territory and everything on it is mine. If you agree to compensate me, I am willing to trade you for it."     
Damon turned back to James. "As for people, I want to give them the freedom to choose which pack they want to join. If they want to join the Dark Howlers pack, they will need to relocate. I have a lot of unused land. Accommodations and jobs will be provided."     
James nodded in agreement and turned to the crowd that was still swelling.     
"People of the Red Moon pack!" James called in an official tone. "As you can see, Alpha Edward fell. The Red Moon pack as we know it is no more. I accepted Alpha Damon's offer to be his Gamma. The Dark Howlers pack is known to provide fair treatment to all members, and they accept anyone who comes in peace. I won't tell you what to do next. Think for yourself. This is your chance to decide which pack you want to join. You can approach the Alpha of your chosen pack and ask if they will take you in. If you have family elsewhere, you can go to them. If you don't have anyone, you won't be discarded." James glanced at the time. "I expect to see your decision by eight o'clock in the morning. We will arrange for people to write down lists for each pack, so you can come and give your names and occupations…"     
###Chapter 940: Reorganization (1)
Chapter 940: Reorganization (1)
James quickly organized everything, and people followed his orders without hesitation because he was a familiar face, their young Alpha James. The reality was yet to sink in.         
George had a number of his people ready, a mix of warriors and Omegas. Warriors took over the security of the packhouse and surroundings, and Omegas were led by Estelle to work in the packhouse. Per James's advice, George prepared dozens of cell phones, and they distributed them to their people so they could communicate. It was less effective, but it worked.     
Owen volunteered to keep an eye on border patrols.     
They acted swiftly and decisively because if hostile units found out that Red Moon pack members didn't have their pack link anymore, hell would break loose. Unfortunately, the Red Moon pack had a lot of enemies.     
They called a medic to tend to George's wounds and clean him up, and several warriors carried Alpha Edward's body away from prying eyes.     
Lunas stayed with the people of the Red Moon pack in order to provide advice about resettling in different packs and to help document everything.     
Talia led the way to Alpha Edward's study. They planned for all Alphas in attendance to meet there, but Talia paused at the door and scrunched her nose.     
She looked at Damon, whose brows were together in a frown. He also picked up a thick scent of blood.     
Damon entered the study first, and they found Ana's mangled body on the floor. She was naked, and every inch of her flesh was covered in bruises, and there were numerous cuts. The tan carpet under her was now dark red due to the blood it soaked in.     
Keith approached the body to check. "She is not dead."     
A second later, Ana confirmed it with a groan. If she were human, those injuries would kill her.     
Seeing no one moved, Tony asked, "Should we call a medic?"     
Damon looked at Talia, and he squeezed her hand. He recognized Ana from the encounter in George's villa.      
Ana's eyes fluttered open, and she hissed when she saw Talia.     
"You," Ana said. "It's all your fault." She came to tell the truth, but Alpha Edward didn't believe her. He beat her brutally, and then he left her there so he could attend the party. Ana was a she-wolf, and she wouldn't die from that, but she could feel pain, and it hurt like hell.     
Talia didn't know how to feel. There was no glee or happiness she assumed would come when facing Ana's suffering, but Talia didn't feel sorry for the female either. It was an unknown numbness that made Talia uncomfortable.     
Ana's eyes moved over people who milled in the study, and she swallowed hard when she realized too many Alphas were looking at her questionably.     
"Is she a spy?" Maddox asked.     
"No," Talia responded. "She is an Omega working here."     
"Do you want to send her to the dungeon?" Damon asked. He guessed that Talia didn't want to grant relief of death to Ana.     
Talia shook her head and said to Keith and Arya, "Take her to the attic."     
"Attic?" Keith asked.     
"That's the place where I suffered because of her. Now it's time to swap places."     
Ana's eyes flashed, and she turned to James. "Young Alpha James! Did you hear that? This confirmed that my story was true. She is not Luna Talia or Alpha Natalia. She is an impostor, a lowly Omega who used to work here. She was hiding in the attic and was everyone's doormat and… Ahh!"     
Ana shrieked when Arya grabbed a fistful of Ana's hair and lifted her off the ground.     
"Don't you dare badmouth my Luna!" Arya said angrily.         
"Young Alpha James!" Ana cried for help, and her stomach dropped when she realized James was totally focused on the female wearing a baby-blue cocktail dress by his side.     
Keith looked at Talia with a complex expression, remembering how skinny and bruised she was when he saw her the first time. Was it because of Ana? It looked like it. Talia's gaze was firm, but Keith guessed that Talia's emotions were unstable.     
"Arya and I will take care of this trash," Keith said, and then he asked Damon through the pack link, 'Are we allowed to kill her?'      
'Don't make it easy on her.'     
Keith bowed, and then he and Arya walked out while dragging Ana behind them.     
"Are we supposed to have a meeting here?" Alpha William asked with a grimace while looking at the bloody stain on the carpet. It reeked of blood.     
"There is a conference room at the end of the hallway," James said, and he turned to Cornelia. "Are you hungry? I didn't see you eat much." His mate was pregnant, and he wanted to feed her.     
"Let's take half an hour break before we meet. I'm sure everyone could use a few minutes to process what happened here." James said, and then he gestured toward the big map on the wall. "This is the territory of the Red Moon pack. Alpha Damon said that he was not interested in land, but he was willing to trade for it. I suggest you think of the area you want and what you will offer in exchange for it…"     
…     
Damon followed Talia to the third floor. That's where the master suites were, which belonged to Alpha Edward and Luna Layla. Talia knew there were two suites as Alpha and Luna of the Red Moon pack didn't share a bedroom.     
Damon thought that she would go to the suite belonging to Alpha Edward, but Talia went to the door across the hall.     
Talia knocked on the door, and she waited for "Come in" before letting herself inside. Damon was right behind her.     
Luna Layla was packing a suitcase. She looked up warily. "I'm getting one suitcase of clothes and toiletries to last me a few days until I figure out what to do. I left jewelry and things of value behind."     
Talia waved, indicating that was not important. "We are not here to check what you are taking."     
"You should be," Luna Layla said. "I assume Edward is dead. I could feel the bond break fully, and I'm confident he wouldn't let me go willingly. Everything here belongs to you now. Do whatever you want to with clothes, but this…" She reached for one purple palm-sized box. "It belonged to my grandmother and her mother before that. Can you ensure Marcy gets this?"     
Talia pressed her lips into a line, and she didn't accept the box. "Luna Layla…"     
"Just Layla. I am not anyone's Luna anymore."     
Talia looked at her sadly.     
'She deserves to know,' Liseli said, and Talia agreed.     
"Marcy is dead."     
Luna Layla's brows came together. "Dead? How?"     
"She was in the Blue River pack when rogues attacked after Luna Tatiana's ceremony. Marcy was one of the casualties. I am sorry for your loss."     
"Rogues? I was there and... I didn't know..." Luna Layla said absentmindedly. "In a way, it was Edward's fault. If he didn't meddle with those people…" She shook her head.     
"Do you know something about people Alpha Edward worked with?" Talia asked.     
Luna Layla shrugged. "He didn't confide in me. But I saw things. Recently, he was super secretive. Once, he was talking drunk, and he said how he will be young again. I don't know from where that came, but Beta Raymond might know. Edward didn't share much with his Beta, he was always selfish, but Raymond had a way of gathering information."         
###Chapter 941: Reorganization (2)
Chapter 941: Reorganization (2)
When Luna Layla mentioned Beta Raymond, Damon remembered... "Beta Raymond is missing. Do you know where he might be?"         
"If he guessed that Edward would challenge you and lose…" Luna Layla paused. "In the basement, there is a secret door. At the end of the hallway, on the right, there is a brick with irregular patterns. If you press it, it will expose a lever that opens the door. I saw Edward sneaking there more than once in the last few weeks. If I saw him, Raymond saw him as well."     
Talia turned to Damon. "You should check it out. Take Sandy and Tyler with you, and be careful."     
Damon knew they shouldn't delay this as Raymond might be destroying evidence or stealing important things, assuming that he didn't do the damage already and fled. But Damon couldn't leave Talia alone.     
"I will be fine, Damon," Talia assured him. "I want to talk to Luna Layla a bit, and then I will rest until the meeting starts."     
'Do you think anyone can harm me?' Talia asked through their mind-link.     
'Trust in mate,' Sapa grumbled in Damon's head.     
Damon puffed his cheeks. Even his wolf was set on separating him from Talia!     
Reluctantly, Damon left.     
Talia turned to Luna Layla, who was hugging the purple box to her chest. When she noticed Talia's eyes on her, Luna Layla quickly wiped her moist cheeks with the back of her palm. "You probably think I'm a failure."     
"I don't," Talia said. "You did what you thought was the best at that time. I didn't stay here to talk about the past."     
"Why are you here, Alpha Natalia?"     
Talia looked around. "Are you sure you want to leave?"     
"Even if you allow me to keep it, this is not my home. There are too many bad memories here."     
"I was told that the way to erase bad memories is to replace them with happy ones," Talia said.     
"This pack is done. I heard Omegas talking about how Alpha Damon won't take over. Are you telling me to stay here and wait for rogues to come?"     
"Damon won't take over, but he won't leave this land unprotected. Land can be divided, but this packhouse is only one, and it will be left empty."     
Talia had an idea on her mind. She didn't understand how Luna Layla could be such a wasteful Luna who only cared about glitz and glam while neglecting her children. However, after hearing the truth, Talia realized that Luna Layla suffered and endured for more than two decades. Overall, Talia's opinion of Luna Layla rose and she thought of giving the woman a purpose.      
"Why don't you seek Chester and come to live here? If you do so, I will assure this piece of land will remain neutral. You can keep the third floor as your living quarters, and the bottom can be an area for Alphas to meet, similarly to how Guardians are providing facilities for the Council of Alphas."     
Talia didn't want to rely on Guardians anymore, but Alphas needed a neutral location where they could meet. This place would serve the purpose perfectly.     
"Damon and I will announce that you are under our protection. No one will dare to bully you. With your experience as the Luna of the Red Moon pack, you will be perfect for the role that requires management, style, and firmness when dealing with willful Alphas. You are free to pick trustworthy people to work here and stand guard; if you don't have any, we will help you pick."     
"That's very generous. Why would you do that?" Luna Layla asked. "I'm sure there are many others who would do that job."     
Talia shrugged. "James is now Damon's Gamma. James is a smart male, but he is lonely. If you consider yourself as failed in motherhood, it's not too late to fix it. Create good memories for yourself and James."     
Luna Layla smiled a little. "James is lucky to have you and Alpha Damon."     
"Not only us. James made quite a few friends, and he has George and…" Talia couldn't bring up Cornelia. That was James' to share or not. She looked at the purple box. "I know Marcy is gone, but maybe you will want to give that to James' mate."     
"You are assuming James will want to talk to me."         
"Right now, James is confused, but eventually, he will look back and… Chester might want to meet his son."     
Luna Layla cocked an eyebrow. "Your arguments are improving, Alpha Natalia."     
Talia's eyes flashed in glee. "Are my arguments good enough to convince you to stay here? What do you say?"     
"I will think about your proposition, Alpha Natalia. Can I get a week?"     
"Sure," Talia responded. "When you are ready, just come here. No one will touch this packhouse or things in it until you return." Talia remembered that they wanted to search for things related to witches, so she added a disclaimer, "We will confiscate things belonging to Alpha Edward and the Red Moon pack, but your assets will remain yours."     
…     
Sometime later, Alphas met in the conference room with the goal of discussing the division of the territory that belonged to the Red Moon pack. Cristian and a few more Alphas attended the meeting via conference call.     
Damon returned from his exploration in the dungeon, and he told Talia that he had found the secret door that opened to a long and winding hallway. Eventually, he discovered several doors, but they were all locked, and he didn't want to risk breaking stuff and potentially damaging what was inside. Knowing Alpha Edward, those things would be booby-trapped. They decided to revisit that location after the meeting with James.     
Damon didn't catch a whiff of Beta Raymond, so he instructed Sandy and Tyler to check security footage and figure out when and where the guy disappeared because he was not in the packhouse, and no one had seen him from before the Alpha Challenge.     
Talia felt awkward for being the only female in the conference room, and she wanted to go outside and help with resettling Omegas. However, Damon told her that she needed to represent the Midnight Guardians pack regardless of if she was interested in any territory that was about to be divided. Also, he wanted to keep her in his visual range. His kitten was a magnet for trouble.     
Before anyone spoke, Damon announced that the Lightclaw pack and the Blue River pack were getting a sizeable chunk of land, which would connect them, and in extension, it would connect the Spring Leaf and the Dark Howlers pack also.     
What most of the Alphas didn't know was that this area included the portal to the Midnight Guardians pack. Like this, Damon was at ease, knowing that Tony would control that area, and since they were allies, Damon could send there patrols from the Dark Howlers pack without arousing suspicion. The Midnight Guardians pack will be safer.     
Talia looked at Damon gratefully, and she spoke through their mind-link, 'Thank you, Damon.'     
Damon smirked. 'I will do anything to make your life easier, kitten.'     
Talia knew that. Damon always put her first, and she wanted to kiss him until her lips turned numb. 'Remind me to reward you after this meeting.'     
His eyebrows shot up. 'I can call for a break right now.'     
Talia stifled a giggle. Damon was outrageous and naughty and hers, and she loved it. She loved him.     
###Chapter 942: Reorganization (3) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 942: Reorganization (3) [Bonus chapter]
The territory of the Spring Leaf pack was next to get a boost in size.         
Maddox, Cristian, and Damon agreed to discuss at a later time if this would impact their internal division of land. Since the last social mixer, many of their pack members crossed borders to be with their mates, and the interaction between the three packs became smoother.     
Tony had concerns about accepting additional land since he didn't have enough manpower to secure it, but Maddox and Cristian assured him they would work it out together.     
Despite his worries, Tony was eager to join the open-borders coalition. He was the youngest Alpha among the four, and he was looking forward to additional backing that Damon, Cristian, and Maddox would provide. Also, he was sure that Kalina would be ecstatic to hear that she was closer to her sisters now.     
With that settled, Damon turned to his next ally.     
"Alpha George," Damon called. "I believe you have members of the Frostcrest pack who are willing to follow you. Do you want to settle in a specific territory?"     
Seeing that George didn't respond, James pointed at the map. "This belonged to the Frostcrest pack. If you want to continue the legacy of your ancestors, you should go there. The packhouse was demolished more than a decade ago, but we can allocate resources from the Red Moon pack's treasury so you can rebuild the packhouse and other necessary structures."     
George pressed his lips into a line. He was not attached to any particular piece of land, and he also had another concern. "There are about seventy people from the Frostcrest pack here. Less than half are warriors. Even if we call people who found refuge in other packs two decades ago, and they agree to follow me, I won't have more than one hundred pack members with able bodies." There might be more, but George didn't have their loyalty.     
Many were like George, without memories of the Frostcrest pack, and they would be no different than picking up random people. There was also an unknown number of survivors who were old, which meant that George would need to provide for them.     
George had no experience in leading a pack, and he didn't want to get more than he could chew only to collapse on him. The bottom line was, "That's not enough people for a pack. If I take over the land and rogues find out about it, they will come at us, and we will be helpless." He would be stuck in defending the land he didn't want in the first place.     
If it were up to George, he would spend the rest of his days with Dawn, having sex and cuddling.     
"Five or a thousand, what matters is that you have people who are willing to follow you," Maddox said. "As an Alpha, it's your duty to lead them."     
George was feeling guilty at the thought of Estelle, Adele, and other Omegas working at his villa, but it was simply not enough. He was about to argue with Maddox when James asked, "What if you can lead your people without worrying about safety?"     
"How?" George asked.     
James gestured toward Damon. "Alpha Damon has land that's not utilized. You can get your pack members to occupy an area within the territory of the Dark Howlers pack with reasonable autonomy. We can work out the details of what you will do in exchange for Alpha Damon's protection. It can be mining, hunting, or trading. As long as you accept to do your part, the warriors of the Dark Howlers pack will assure the safety of your pack members."     
James pointed at Maddox. "Alpha Maddox seems eager to help you. He can take the territory of the Frostcrest pack and accommodate refugees that are transitioning. Once you feel ready to grow, you can negotiate with him."     
Maddox's brows came together. Did James just volunteer him for this?     
George looked at Damon questionably, silently asking for Damon's opinion on the matter.     
Damon shrugged. "If my Gamma says that an alliance in such form is possible, then you should trust him. Alpha Maddox is a man of his word. If he says he will take care of some land and people for you temporarily, he will do so."     
Maddox didn't like this. He didn't agree to anything! Damon would always dump things on him, private or pack related. Because of Damon, Marcy ended up in the Blue River pack, and Maddox was stuck with mentoring Tony. And there were more. Much more. Preposterous!     
James asked everyone to focus on the map of the Red Moon pack as he marked areas that were still available.     
He made a circle around the packhouse of the Red Moon pack and turned to speak to the people in the conference room.     
"Alpha Natalia expressed a need that this packhouse and the surrounding area stay neutral. This building will be repurposed to host meetings when multiple packs are involved, and we don't want anyone to have an advantage of the home territory. As long as you agree to keep this as a non-conflict zone, you will get contact information on how to summon other Alphas here for a meeting. Alphas and their proxies can request a meeting, regardless of their pack's size. Any ions?"     
No one said anything, and James continued, "I believe each of you got his eye on a piece of territory. Step forward, speak your mind, and be clear on what you will give in return. No decisions will be made until all offers are heard. If two offers are similar, the one presented first will get priority."     
Damon admired James more and more. His Gamma thought of everything! At this rate, Damon can take Talia on vacation for real. Ah, the possibilities!     
Just as Damon was silently praising himself for his foresight about James' potential, Alpha Richard stood up and spoke to Damon, "Alpha Damon, is it alright for young Alpha James to be here?"         
Damon noticed that Alpha William was nodding in agreement with Alpha Richard.     
"Is there a problem?" Damon asked.     
"Considering the state of the Red Moon pack, and Alpha Edward's demise, I'm sure young Alpha James is in shock and…" Alpha Richard's voice trailed, and he gripped the edge of the table while struggling to remain standing when Damon released his Alpha aura.     
"You are talking about the Gamma of the Dark Howlers pack," Damon said in a dangerously low voice. "James is the most familiar with the land we are discussing, and I trust him. No one is forcing you to be here, Alpha Richard." Damon retracted his aura, and Alpha Richard plopped back into his chair.     
Damon's eyes moved over other Alphas present. "Your status gives you the right to be present here. However, I won't allow anyone to undermine my pack and my people. Is that clear?"     
James' lips stretched into a smile. Damon stood up to him, and he said that he trusts him. It was a good feeling. James couldn't wait for this meeting to be over so he could tell this to Cornelia. She will be proud of him and praise his decision to join the Dark Howlers pack. Definitely.     
###Chapter 943: Reorganization (4)
Chapter 943: Reorganization (4)
"Who will go first?" James asked, and Alpha Peter was quick to raise his hand.         
Interested Alphas took turns speaking, and James was taking notes on what they wanted and what they offered to the Dark Howlers pack in return.     
Several packs offered regions within their current territories that bordered the Dark Howlers pack in exchange for expansion on the other side, into the unclaimed land of the Red Moon pack. Of course, they were hoping to gain more than they parted with, effectively increasing the size of their territories.     
Some offered resources, valuables, business deals, and connections with influential humans, while others offered monetary payments that would stretch for generations in the future.     
Everyone knew that with every next offer, the Dark Howlers pack was getting larger and stronger, but what choice did they have? Damon toppled Alpha Edward without lifting a finger, and it was obvious that George, Maddox, Cristian, and Tony stood by Damon. And then there was Talia. If those six came together, they could wipe out every other Alpha and take over their packs.     
It was a monumental meeting where a handful of Alphas effectively changed the balance between packs and rewrote maps of the werewolf society.     
Reporters of the WW Magazine were waiting eagerly outside of the conference room to get their scoop. This was huge!     
After confirming that no one was left waiting to strike a deal, James glanced at his notes before announcing, "Alpha Damon will share his decision by the end of the day." James already took notes of deals that should be made and only needed Damon's approval.     
"What if we disagree with his decision?" Alpha Patrick asked.     
"In case of dispute, the strongest Alpha will break the tie," James responded. Seeing that Alpha Patrick and a few others frowned, James asked, "Is there a problem?"     
Alpha Patrick cleared his throat. "How will Alpha Damon give us a fair judgment when he is the one who came up with the original decision?"     
"Did I mention Alpha Damon? I was talking about the strongest Alpha," James said and gestured to the only female in the room.     
Several Alphas in the room froze while processing what James said. Did he imply that Talia was the strongest Alpha? She was a female and a skinny one! Was Alpha Damon showing blatant favoritism to his mate?     
"Why are you looking at me like that?" Damon asked Alpha Richard, who looked like he had swallowed a fly.     
"Can I speak openly?"     
"I wouldn't expect anything less from an Alpha," Damon responded and gestured to Alpha Richard to go ahead.     
"Alpha Natalia is your mate. It is obvious that contesting your decision will be in vain."     
Damon smirked. "If we are going to talk openly, I will do the same. You don't have the right to contest anything. This is not about you making a bid for unclaimed land. Alpha George won the challenge as my Champion, which means that the land belongs to me. I have the freedom to decide who will get it. If you have an ion, you are welcome to issue an Alpha challenge."     
Alpha Richard's lips twitched. Alpha challenge? He was not happy with the situation, but he was not suicidal, alright?     
Damon turned to Talia. "As my Gamma said, Talia will be the tiebreaker if there is conflict."     
"Why should we listen to her?" Alpha William asked.     
Damon couldn't believe this. "Are you doubting she is the strongest Alpha? Is it because she is female or because she is half your age? Did you forget what she did with the Sphere of Power during the last Council of the Alphas?"     
Alpha William remembered because he was there, but some other Alphas were left puzzled, unsure of what Damon was talking about.     
Damon pulled the collar of his shirt to the side to expose the left side of his neck. "Or do you need more proof than this?"     
Talia stared at Damon. It was one thing to praise her in private, but now he said she was more powerful than him. And he said it in front of witnesses.     
Talia cleared her throat. "Damon and I are equals." She exposed her neck to show his mark. "We have our packs, and we help each other when needed."         
"You won't merge packs?" Alpha Patrick asked suspiciously.     
"At this point, the Midnight Guardians pack is not ready to step into the open."     
"But it might happen." Alpha Richard was emboldened to speak. "Do you think that's fair? You are aware of our locations and borders, yet you stay hidden. Is there a reason for it?"     
Talia could see from where Cassie got her bravery and foolishness.     
"Alpha Richard," Talia called and released her aura for everyone to feel, but she focused on pressing down Alpha Patrick, Alpha William, and Alpha Richard. Those three were most rebellious during this meeting. Didn't they get that Damon was giving them options and doing what was best for people?     
The territory of the Red Moon pack was second only to the land belonging to the Dark Howlers pack. Damon didn't want to occupy it and stretch his warriors to protect another massive area because that would weaken the Dark Howlers pack.     
Damon's options were to plunder treasury and whatever resources from the Red Moon pack he could carry and to leave people and land behind for rogues and other packs to fight over; or he could do what he was doing, to give others a chance to claim the land peacefully (for a certain fee).     
"How is any of your business if my pack and any other will merge in the future?" Talia asked. "What gives you the courage to question methods other packs are using to stay safe? My pack doesn't have an interest in invading other territories. However, if you keep testing me, I might change my mind. After watching Alpha George fight, I'm restless, and I'm considering challenging someone. Will you be the lucky one?"     
Alpha Richard was now visibly sweaty, and he stared at Talia in horror. She talked casually, yet he couldn't move a muscle!     
"Well? Are you challenging me to a fight?" Talia asked, and Alpha Richard managed to shake his head weakly.     
"I thought so," Talia said and retracted her aura. "I will say this only once, so listen carefully. Every time someone doubts me, they are doubting the Midnight Guardians pack, and I will consider it as a challenge to my position."     
Damon looked at Talia with sparkles in his eyes. That was his kitten!     
After the meeting, most of the Alphas dispersed to eat, rest, and process recent events while waiting for Damon's decision. Reporters were right there, eagerly waiting for a chance to get interviews, but Alphas agreed not to disclose details until Damon's decisions were final.     
Maddox and Tony went to meet with their mates, and they promised to stick around and help Damon and George with whatever was needed.     
James estimated that it would take about one day to direct refugees to their new destinations and for new agreements to get people moving. The key was to act swiftly and not give a chance to rogues to attack.     
General Jordan was representing the Spring Leaf pack, and he organized people from the Red Moon pack who wanted to go there. Michelle was making necessary preparations for newcomers. Jordan and Lidia will stay to help, and that will give Lidia extra time to spend with her sisters. Cristian was sending several units of his warriors to serve as security until the division of land was completed.     
###Chapter 944: Reorganization (5)
Chapter 944: Reorganization (5)
James and Damon stayed behind in the conference room to discuss deals that Damon should accept, and Talia went out to get some fresh air and to see what the situation was with resettling people.         
The sun was rising. It was late morning already.     
People filled the event hall and spilled into the garden. Tables that last night hosted a fancy party were now occupied by people who were having serious conversations in whispers.     
Gideon and the Shaman of the Red Moon pack were surrounded by people who listened to their stories.     
Estelle, Zina, and several other Omegas were busy bringing sandwiches and drinks for everyone.     
Tatiana, Kalina, Mindy, Cornelia, Lidia, and Dawn were sitting at tables and talking to people who approached them in groups to discuss conditions in various packs and to sign up for which pack they wanted to join.     
Alpha Adam, Alpha Maddox, Alpha Peter, and a few others were there also, but Omegas didn't dare to approach them.     
Sandy emerged into the garden with a pitcher of lemonade in her hands. She kept it on the nearest table and went to Talia.     
"The meeting is over?"     
"Mhm," Talia confirmed. "Did Tyler find out something about Beta Raymond's location?"     
"Shortly after the birthday cake was distributed, Beta Raymond went into the garden and outside of the range of security cameras." Sandy pointed at the forest on her left, indicating the direction where Beta Raymond went. "Tyler is now looking to see if he appeared on any other recording after that. Owen sent warriors in that direction to see if they could pick up anything. So far, there is nothing."     
Talia wondered if Beta Raymond had fled to avoid the aftermath of the Alpha challenge. But it didn't make sense. He left before the challenge. Why would he run? There was no point guessing.     
Talia got an idea, "What about Nora?"     
"We caught her trying to flee with two suitcases of clothes and jewelry," Sandy said. "We didn't know what to do with her, and you were in the meeting, so we kept her in the dungeon."     
Talia wondered if Beta Raymond was with Nora, but since that was not the case, "Ask her if she knows where her father might be. If she doesn't… keep her in the dungeon." Talia didn't have the capacity to come up with how to deal with Nora, so she decided to leave Nora to James and George to figure out. Those two knew Nora best.     
Sandy went to deal with Nora, and Talia approached the table where Mindy was. She waited for two Omegas to leave before she spoke to Mindy, "Things look busy here."     
"Many of them still need to decide what they want to do," Mindy said with a pout.     
"That's understandable," Talia responded. "After a lifetime of no choices, people don't know what to do when they are presented with one."     
"We can't leave them here. The Red Moon pack isolated them, and they had no idea what was going on outside. Omegas were influenced by stories about how everyone hates the Red Moon pack, and if they try to flee, they will be hunted. Currently, most of the brave enough to decide are opting to go to the Blue River pack because they heard stories about shelters. Unfortunately, the Blue River pack can't handle this surge of people. Dark Howlers pack has space and the ability to host them, but they think of us as the Devils, and I heard some saying that they would rather try their luck with rogues than follow the Black Demon."     
"Black Demon?" Talia asked.     
"That's what they call Damon."     
Talia would think it was funny if it was not serious. People's lives were at stake, but how could they get them to accept going where they could get housing and jobs if they thought of it as hell?     
Talia pursed her lips. James gave them until eight o'clock, and that time passed. "We need a marketing campaign."     
Mindy looked at Talia in confusion. "How do we do that?"     
"We have videos from the Summer Solstice festival and the recent mixer. The Red Moon pack didn't participate, and I'm sure they don't know about those. We can play those videos for these people to see."     
Mindy's eyes lit up as she understood what Talia was talking about, and she got another idea. "We can also organize Omegas from the Dark Howlers pack to be available for video calls to answer questions. Talking to people on their level will have a bigger effect than if they talked to high-ranking members."         
Talia approved. "Let's create hype about this and then organize a lottery. Make it sound like whoever gets the Dark Howlers pack gets a good deal. Since they don't know where to go, we might as well assign them to the pack that can accept them. I will talk to Alphas and get an estimate of how many people they can take in, so we do the lottery accordingly."     
Talia and Mindy took a moment to admire their idea. It will work. It had to.     
"While you talk to Alphas, I'm going to find Tyler," Mindy said. "He can help set things up."     
Talia watched Mindy walk away with a spring in her step. It felt like the day became brighter.     
A small breeze from the back brought Talia her favorite scent of the forest and dark chocolate.     
"What are you thinking, kitten?" Damon's voice sounded close to her ear.     
Damon was an expert in sneaking and stalking, and if not for the breeze, Talia would have been startled.     
"So many things changed." She turned to face him. "Are we doing the right thing?"     
"Alpha Edward was a bad man, and because of him, the whole Red Moon pack suffered. Uprooting this corruption was the best way to go."     
Talia looked at the packhouse. "We should see if we can find Alpha Edward's secret documents."     
Damon knew that Talia was referring to the stuff related to witches. "Let James handle it."     
"James did plenty. He should rest and spend time with his mate. Once we return to the Dark Howlers pack, he will have a lot of work."     
"Look who is talking," Damon said while giving Talia a meaningful look.     
Talia was unsure if she could rest, but the food was right there. "How about we eat something?"     
Damon had no ions.     
He grabbed a plate with food and two glasses of lemonade, and the two of them walked to the side to sit on the soft grass under a tree.     
While munching on sandwiches, Talia told Damon about the idea of promoting the Dark Howlers pack, and he approved.     
"I see that getting Mindy as your assistant was a good move," Damon said. "You should make her your Beta. Make it official before she slips." As long as Mindy doesn't go back to gifting dildos, Damon was fine with her.     
Talia didn't want to talk about Mindy. "I'm surprised that people are not running away from here."     
"Giving them a choice is a good thing to do, but in practice, it doesn't work that way. Omegas are submissive by nature and inclined to follow orders, and Alpha Edward created an environment where even their basic will was broken. Right now, these people feel lost, and they are waiting for someone to tell them what to do."     
"Do you think we are wasting time and energy while trying to soften their image of the Dark Howlers pack?" Talia asked.     
"You are not wasting anything, kitten. Putting them at ease is what a good Luna would do. But the real relief will come in time when they realize that it's real. It will be an adjustment for everyone. You are doing wonderfully."     
Talia leaned on Damon and closed her eyes. While thinking about her past self, she could relate to Omegas from here.     
"It feels strange. I would come here sneakily, always wary that I would be caught and punished. It feels like that was something from ages ago, yet also fresh, like it was yesterday."     
Damon couldn't imagine the hardships Talia went through before they met. She wouldn't talk about it often, and he didn't want to be nosy and make her uncomfortable, knowing that it was hard for her to go back to that time, so he waited to see if she would say more.         
When he confirmed that was it, Damon kissed her temple. "I am proud of you."     
Talia smiled. She was proud of herself as well.     
###Chapter 945: Reorganization (6)
Chapter 945: Reorganization (6)
Maya and Caden had their hands full preparing for the newcomers and organizing a mass pack-joining ceremony. Damon gave them less than twenty-four hours to handle a boatload of tasks that included housing, clothes, meals, and support groups. Luckily, Zack, Erik, and Petra were there to help and ease the workload.         
Trisha was overwhelmed when she realized how big the event will be, and she was ecstatic that Stephanie had come to help. With decades of experience, Stephanie quickly came up with a variety of side dishes, and she asked Caden to organize warriors to go hunting because the main meal would be grilled meat. It was the easiest way to feed a large number of people.     
They had more than two hundred people coming from the Red Moon pack, and members of the Dark Howlers pack would attend as well. There will be a lot of mouths to feed; Stephanie estimated more than a thousand.     
Why so many? With Maya and Caden figuring out accomodations, the news spread that the Dark Howlers pack was expanding in territory and members.     
This caused many to ask Maya and Caden for more information. The Beta duo told curious minds that Alpha Damon would share more information in the evening and that if they wanted to contribute to this monumental event, they could talk to Stephanie.     
It was fortunate that everyone was willing to help, and they got organized in record time.     
Restaurants and bakeries in Darkbourne offered to provide food, and Stephanie reached out to Chef Page, who was ready to prepare many portions of his pack-famous ramen. Jane was set to be his sous-chef. She still didn't talk, but she would respond with nods or other non-verbal cues.     
Jane was Chef Page's company, and he was her safety. Jane took good care of Cinna, and Chef Page taught Jane to cook the most delicious ramen. They shared silence, and she listened to his stories, and they would grieve together.      
While Maya, Caden, Stephanie, and Trisha were preparing things at the Dark Howlers pack, Damon and Talia worked in the Red Moon pack.     
After the lottery, where they decided the destination of Omegas who couldn't pick on their own, every pack got at least a dozen of newcomers; most of them were close to fifty, while some crossed one hundred. With more territory, they needed more people.     
The biggest load fell on the Blue River pack and on the Dark Howlers pack, which got more than two hundred new members each.     
The Blue River pack had in place a system of shelters and programs that provided therapy and various courses. Maddox believed that about one-half of newcomers would move to other packs within the next few months, so he was not worried. The territory of the Blue River pack was neighboring the Red Moon pack, so Tatiana and Maddox got a few units of their warriors to escort refugees by foot while their belongings were transported via trucks.     
Estelle, Zina, Dawn, and several other Omegas from George's villa got busy preparing lunch packs for people who were set to travel so they don't go hungry.     
It was sad to see that many Omegas could carry their possessions in their hands. They had so little.     
Luckily, that was something money could fix. Damon and James made several phone calls, and soon trucks came from nearby human towns bringing supplies that included food, blankets, toiletries, clothes, and shoes.     
Talia, Sandy, Mindy, Tatiana, Cornelia, and Kalina started preparing care packages and distributing them.     
At some point, Keith and Arya joined, and no one mentioned Ana. Talia didn't want to know. If she never heard of Ana again, it would be too soon.     
As things were settling down, Talia remembered one person: Nora.     
Even with James' help, Damon had his hands full, but he made sure to escort Talia to the dungeon. There was no way he would let her go there on her own.     
The dungeon of the Dark Howlers pack was a nasty place, but the Red Moon pack doubled down on nastiness.     
The air was heavy and filled with the scent of blood, feces, and rotting flesh. It was gross, and Talia barely held her lunch down.     
There were so many people inside, and Damon ordered Keith and Arya to investigate why those people were imprisoned, to let go of the ones who only committed offenses against the Red Moon pack, and to get someone to clean the wretched place.     
Damon stopped Talia as they moved down the hallway of the dungeon and asked warriors to bring Nora out for questioning. He didn't want to risk endangering Talia's health by exposing her to whatever was festering in that dungeon.     
Nora didn't know where her father could be, and Tyler was unsuccessful in locating him. Beta Raymond walked into the forest during James' birthday party, and no one saw him afterward. His phone was offline, and with Alpha Edward gone, the pack link was gone as well, so they couldn't contact him.     
"What will you do?" Talia asked Nora. "Human city? Will you risk turning rogue?" It was common knowledge that when a werewolf is without a pack, they are in danger of their wolf turning feral, making them unable to join a pack and function as a part of a community, hence, turning them rogue.     
Nora was not sure where to go next. "My father was my only family. I was thinking of making my exit and contacting him when things cool off." But it seemed that Beta Raymond vanished.         
Nora looked at Damon. "Can I come to your pack?"     
A low growl ripped from Talia's chest. How dares that bedclimber ask to be close to Damon!? "You have nowhere to go, so you should do the same thing others like you are doing."     
Nora didn't get it. "What?"     
Talia got her phone and made a call, "Tanya, are you still here? There is one more Omega for your shelter."     
Nora's face fell when she realized that Talia was talking about her. Did Talia say, shelter? And there was one more point… "Omega?"     
"Would you rather that I call you ex-Beta's daughter?" Talia snapped, her patience running thin.     
"I was never…" Nora's voice trailed.     
"You were never what, Nora?" Talia asked. "Your father was a Beta. He got his status because of the ceremony. Without it, he would be an Omega, a warrior at best, and you… his daughter. Unless there is Alpha blood in your veins, you are an Omega. You need to live with it."     
Nora's chin trembled. "I did so much for you. I helped."     
"And that's why I'm letting you live," Talia said dryly. "You should recognize that this is not punishment. This is an opportunity for you to start over. I recommend you take it."     
They didn't let Nora take the suitcases she packed to flee with. They were filled with designer clothes and jewelry that were expensive and could feed a family for many years.     
Nora protested, "I am Beta's daughter. Those are my things. What you are doing is stealing!"     
Damon had enough. "Do you know what happens to the high-ranking members of a pack that was occupied?"     
Nora shook her head, and she froze when Damon continued talking.     
"They are all killed in front of their pack members as a symbol that their pack is gone. Should I detach your head from the rest of your body in a public spectacle?"     
###Chapter 946: Expansion of the Dark Howlers pack (1)
Chapter 946: Expansion of the Dark Howlers pack (1)
Nora didn't want to part from her fancy things, but she also had no intention of getting beheaded. "Let's not rush into things. Talia said…"         
Damon narrowed his eyes at Nora. "How did you call her?"     
Nora felt chills down her spine, telling her she was in danger. She quickly lowered her head. "Luna Talia said I'm just an Omega. As such, I'm not a high-ranking member." And she can keep her head on her shoulders.     
"Good that you know," Damon said.     
Nora released the breath she was holding. Her insides tightened when Damon continued talking.     
"Omegas don't have these kinds of clothes and jewelry. Which one will it be? Are you going to part with them willingly? If you insist on keeping them as Beta's daughter, I will be magnanimous and bury you with those so you can wear them in the afterlife."     
Nora felt like crying, and she cursed herself for not thinking ahead. If she had fled the pack earlier, if she had moved faster… she would escape and not be stuck in this situation.     
"It's not all bad, Nora," Talia said. "We won't take away your personal bank accounts. Once you pass the rehabilitation program in the Blue River pack, you will get access to those."     
"Will you allow me to pass?" Nora asked bitterly. How she saw this, she knew too much, and Damon and Talia would never let her go.     
"That will depend on you," Talia said. "The programs at the Blue River pack are great. Do you know that Marcy died while protecting a ten year-old orphan girl?"     
Nora was not happy to think that the pinnacle of her existence should be to sacrifice her life for an orphan. What kind of nonsense rehabilitation programs are those? And did Talia say that Marcy was dead!? How could that be a good thing?     
Nora prioritized her life over everything else, and she ended up joining the group of people who were set to leave for the Blue River pack. She was officially Nora, an Omega. It was a bitter pill to swallow.     
After Alphas confirmed deals with Damon, they went to their respective territories to prepare for the official handoff while taking with them new pack members.     
As time passed, the area around the packhouse belonging to the Red Moon pack was clearing of people, leaving the group for the Dark Howlers pack last.     
The trip via land from the Red Moon pack to the Dark Howlers pack would take a whole day (with minimum stops). Considering that they had more than two hundred people moving, Damon didn't want to waste time. He rented an airbus that could seat everyone. The pilot was included as Damon didn't want to waste four hours of his life in flight that could be reduced to a few seconds with Cornelia's magical help.     
If they didn't conceal the existence of witches and magic, everyone would move via a teleportation spell, but they were not ready for that step, so Damon's wallet bled for this.     
The plane rental was an easy part. Securing antinausea medicine and antidepressants for more than two hundred people was a problem. Omegas would normally freak out while in flight because their instinct was to feel the solid ground under their feet. Antidepressants would numb their senses to the point of not caring where they were. The shaking would still make them puke their guts out, so Damon thought of getting antinausea medicine as well.     
Renting a plane (and a pilot) was costing him a fortune already, and he didn't want to pay for deep cleaning of the airplane's interior on top of it.     
Mindy, Gideon, Owen, and Zina traveled via plane to provide comfort to Omegas in flight.     
Damon, Talia, Keith, Arya, Sandy, Tyler, James, Cornelia, George, and Dawn stayed behind to organize warriors that arrived from allied packs. Until the official handoff of territories was completed, they needed to protect the borders.     
With so many things to do, Talia and Damon didn't get to search for Alpha Edward's secret stashes of documents, but Talia didn't think it was a big deal.     
"Those secrets are there for decades, maybe more," she said. "One or two more days won't make a difference. Our warriors will protect this place, and we will return here after the ceremony."     
Damon was not so optimistic about the timelines. "It will take some time for newcomers to settle into a routine, and we should be present to ensure things go smoothly. Also, you didn't check on your pack in a while."     
Talia realized Damon was right. "Axel would contact me if anything urgent is going on there. As for the Dark Howlers pack… I can come here for a few hours with Cornelia or Amelia and check out stuff while you are busy with your Alpha duties."     
"Let's talk about it later," Damon responded. He didn't want to tell her that she shouldn't come, but he didn't want to part from her. On the other hand, Keith and Arya proved themselves as loyal and capable, so maybe a few hours would be fine.     
Mindy texted them that the plane was getting close to landing in the Dark Howlers pack, so Cornelia prepared a teleportation diagram that would come in handy for the days to come. She was also interested in finding information about witches being used for experiments.         
…     
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~     
The evening descended on the packhouse, and the garden was filled with people.     
Gideon stood on the podium in front of an altar where flames danced while releasing exotic fragrance into the air.     
Next to Gideon were Mindy, Damon, Talia, Maya, and Caden, all dressed in ceremonial clothes.     
On the side were Elders, ready to witness the ceremony of more than two hundred new members joining the pack at the same time. Other than the influx of pack members, they all heard that the territory of the Dark Howlers pack had expanded. It was a big deal.     
The crowd moved in an organized line toward the podium. One by one, they cut their palms to release a few drops of their blood into a metal chalice that had engravings of wolves.     
Dawn stood by George's side, and Zina was with Owen.     
James was there also, with Cornelia by his side. He was staring at the scene unfolding and squeezing Cornelia's hand excitedly every few seconds.     
James couldn't believe that this was happening. He was with his mate, in front of people, without hiding. It was surreal. If this was a dream, he didn't want to wake up.     
When the crowd reached about halfway, Gideon called James and Cornelia to step forward.     
"James Redmayne," Gideon called solemnly. "Do you reject all ties to your previous pack and pledge your loyalty to the Dark Howlers pack?"      
"I do," James responded seriously.     
Gideon turned to Damon. "Alpha Damon, do you accept James as a member of our pack?"     
"I do," Damon said with a smile.     
Since James was set to become Gamma, he needed a separate ceremony. Cornelia was James' mate, so they decided to include her as well.     
"Cornelia of the Silverflame Coven," Gideon called, "Do you accept the Dark Howlers pack as your home and family?"     
Cornelia glanced at James. "I do."     
Gideon turned to Damon. "Alpha Damon, do you accept Cornelia as a member of our pack?"      
"I do," Damon responded.     
Gideon handed James a knife, and James cut his hand. Next, Cornelia took the knife and cut hers. They had no idea how this would go because it was unheard of a witch participating in a werewolf ceremony and joining a pack, but the worst thing would be that it would fail. At least, that's what they hoped for.     
###Chapter 947: Expansion of the Dark Howlers pack (2)
Chapter 947: Expansion of the Dark Howlers pack (2)
Cornelia and James joined their bloodied hands, pressing their wounds against each other and above the flames.         
The blood dripped into the flames that danced on the altar. One drop, two, three… and then it happened… James and Cornelia sucked in sharp breaths as a wave of energy assaulted their bodies.     
James felt the moment when the pack link got established, giving him the clarity of thousands of minds connected into one. He could feel the difference compared to the pack link of the Red Moon pack he had previously, and he knew that he had made the right choice of coming here. Damon was a good Alpha. His people followed him willingly; they admired him, and so did James.     
Cornelia was a witch, so she didn't get the pack link, but she could feel the energies of the people gathered and many others who were not nearby.     
"You are now bound to the Dark Howlers pack as its members, to live and prosper together and help each other in times of need," Gideon announced.     
"Welcome to the Dark Howlers pack!" Damon exclaimed, and then he raised his head to the sky.     
"AWOOO!"     
Damon's howl shook the air, and everyone else joined him, "AWOOO!!!"     
James was staring at Cornelia, and they had matching smiles on their faces, but this was not over.     
"James of the Dark Howlers pack!" Damon called, "I'm offering you the position of my Gamma. This role comes with honor and responsibility, and it can't be broken as long as the pack exists. Do you accept to work with me for the benefit of the pack?"     
"I do," James responded with confidence.     
"Cornelia of the Dark Howlers pack," Talia called. "You are James' mate, a member of the Dark Howlers pack by blood, and I consider you my friend. I am offering you the position of my Gamma, to be my advisor and help me take care of the pack. Are you willing?"     
"I am willing," Cornelia responded solemnly.     
Gideon started chanting unintelligibly as he threw some aromatic herbs and powders into the flames, and Cornelia couldn't stop staring at James. She never saw him this happy, and she was happy as well.     
James and Cornelia gasped when a gust of energy rushed into them, tightening and expanding their bond with the pack.     
James could feel his muscles swelling with the boon of a Gamma. The ceremony tapped into the power of the pack, giving James a boost to protect and serve. The larger the pack, the stronger the effect was, and James' skin visibly stretched to accommodate his larger physique.     
Cornelia would admire the transformation of her handsome mate, but she was in a daze of her own as her skin prickled with energies.     
Cornelia was a priestess in the Silver Flame Coven, a high-ranking witch second only to Evanora, and this ceremony boosted her perception of nature to a new level. It was like, so far, she had the ability to climb a tree and use its branches, but now leaves were opening up to provide insight into secrets that were unreachable until now.     
Talia and Liseli watched Cornelia carefully, making sure that this ceremony didn't jeopardize her baby.     
'Cornelia might be stronger than the high priestess now,' Liseli said.     
'You think she might be stronger than Evanora?'     
Liseli confirmed. 'After mating with Axel, Yasmin became stronger than her mother.' And after Talia taught her to use energies as a Guardian, Yasmin grew further. 'I believe that Cornelia is now as strong as Yasmin.'     
Talia liked this news. It was good for the pack, and for the Gamma pair also.     
James was from the Red Moon pack, and many will question Damon's decision to make him a Gamma. It will take some time for people to forget about James' origins.     
And then there was James' age which put him in the middle of his teens. People who didn't know of James' brilliance would think he was too young for the position. Talia didn't miss suspicious and disapproving looks from many Elders, but she knew that James would be able to deal with them.     
Considering that people respected power, James and Cornelia getting stronger would help them establish themselves, and now they were not alone. Damon and Talia were ready to back them up, and there were also George and a few others, and that meant a lot.         
James and Cornelia moved to the side to stand behind Damon and Talia, next to Maya and Caden.     
They were both Gammas now, and their rightful place was with high-ranking members of the pack.     
James took Cornelia's bloodied hand to examine, and he frowned at the cut that didn't show signs of healing. He remembered that Cornelia healed his cut in the Silver Flame Coven. Why didn't she heal herself now? Was it because of the pregnancy?     
He leaned lower, and Cornelia thought he was about to kiss her. She gasped when she felt his tongue on her palm. The ceremony made her extra sensitive, and somehow… his action was sexy beyond belief.     
James smirked when he picked up Cornelia's emotions, and he continued licking her wound diligently. His nostrils flared at the scent of Cornelia's arousal, and that only spurred him to lick her more. He really wanted to push her down, discard that flimsy ceremonial outfit that covered her private parts so that he could lick all the wild berry infused juices her sweet pussy produced. However, they were on the podium, and an important ceremony was going on. Licking Cornelia's body will need to wait a bit.     
"Mindy of the Dark Howlers pack!" Talia called. "You don't shy from telling me how it is, even if it's unpleasant. Before you joined this pack as Shaman Gideon's mate, you were my friend. Shortly after we met, you asked me if I would be interested in working as your assistant." Talia smiled while remembering the scene at the town square during the Summer Solstice festival. "As you can see, I am a busy Luna, and I can't be your assistant. I want to use this opportunity to ask you in return, are you willing to be my Beta and help me lead this pack into a better future?"     
Mindy bowed her head. "It will be my honor, Luna Talia."     
Gideon smiled at his pumpkin-infused princess. Light from the flames danced on her perfect skin, and he wanted to kiss and caress her all over. Mindy was glowing from happiness, and there was his pup inside her belly also. Life didn't get better than this.     
Gideon put extra effort into this part of the ceremony where Mindy got her official role. She was Beta of the Dark Howlers pack, equal in status to Maya and Caden, who were respected by everyone who ever heard of the Dark Howlers pack.     
Damon held his chin high while pulling Talia closer to him. The Red Moon pack was gone, the Dark Howlers pack was growing in territory and members, their recent deals gave them extra resources, and they even grew in terms of the number of high-ranking members.     
These were huge changes for the better, and Damon knew that none of these would happen if not for Talia. She was the catalyst to many events, and she gave him guidance and strength to do the right thing, even when she was unaware of the effect her existence had on him.     
Talia looked up at Damon and smiled brightly, lighting up his world and silently telling him that things would be alright.     
###Chapter 948: Expansion of the Dark Howlers pack (3)
Chapter 948: Expansion of the Dark Howlers pack (3)
After Mindy (now Beta Mindy) stepped to the side, George and Owen stood in front of the altar. Dawn and Zina were by their sides.         
Elders were staring at the scene in front of them while exchanging questions through the pack link if anyone knew what was coming next. They were stunned that the young Alpha of the Red Moon pack and a female of unknown origins were their Gammas. Mindy becoming a Beta was not surprising because everyone knew that Mindy and Talia were close and that Mindy was a capable she-wolf with an Alpha bloodline, but why was a Commander of the Red Moon pack highlighted now? And who was the guy next to him?     
They heard that the Red Moon pack fell and the Dark Howlers reaped benefits, but no one told them any details, damn it!     
"Are you sure you want to go through this?" Damon asked George.     
George confirmed. "There is nothing to prevent one Alpha to serve another. It's not an exaggeration to say that I owe you and Luna Talia my life, and I know that my wolf agrees. Thanks to you, we survived; I found my mate, avenged my parents, and saved members that are loyal to the Shawn bloodline. They need a pack, and I am not ready to give them one, not on my own. I am asking you to take care of my people and me. In return, you will have our loyalty as we accept the Dark Howlers pack as our own."     
They talked about it. George could survive for a long time without a pack link because his wolf was strong, but the Omegas and warriors following him were another story. It was a matter of days before wolves of weak-minded ones would start turning feral, and George didn't want to risk it. At the same time, George didn't see anything wrong with him being a member of Damon's pack. He didn't remember his parents, and he had no desire to lead a pack. As George saw it, it was too much paperwork and politics, and he was more of a hands-on guy.     
"Alright," Damon said. "Alpha George Shawn of the Frostcrest pack, I invite you to join the Dark Howlers pack as the first Commander the Dark Howlers pack ever had. Your position will come with land and autonomy. You and people willing to follow you will be required to obey the rules of the Dark Howlers pack without exceptions. In terms of the pack hierarchy, you will be second to Luna Talia and me, equal to our Betas and Gammas, and above Generals. You can count on my assistance, and I expect the same from you in return. Are you willing?"     
George confirmed. "I am willing."     
Damon turned to Owen. "I hear you will be Commander George's second in command. That will make you a General."     
Owen lifted his chin proudly. A General! Finally! "Yes, Alpha!"     
Damon raised his hand, indicating to Owen to wait. "Your title of a General is in name only until you prove yourself in the arena against my high-ranking warriors. You will need to undergo training as a warrior of the Dark Howlers pack, and demonstrate to me and Commander George that you have the capacity to lead warriors to victory without recklessly endangering their lives. Are you willing?"     
"I am willing!" Owen exclaimed, and he smiled when Zina excitedly squeezed his hand.     
Gideon started the pack-joining ceremony for George and Owen, and George felt like he could finally breathe. Dawn was by his side, holding his hand, and there was no need to conceal his background and Alpha aura.     
George and Dawn will stay in the packhouse until the buildings for them and the people from the Frostcrest pack are completed. Caden estimated that it would take a month before the first dwellings were move-in ready. When all gets done, Dawn and George will have their villa, and about a hundred other Omegas and warriors will get their homes which will be a mix of individual homes and apartments. It will be a small werewolf-inhabited city with several stores, a town square, a restaurant, a coffee shop, a market, and a paved road connecting it to Darkbourne.     
A small part of George wanted to lead a pack. He was an Alpha, after all. But he thought about the situation rationally, and he decided against it.     
No one ever taught him a thing about being an Alpha or leading people. A good Alpha was taking care of people and their needs, finances, security, safety, and so many other things that George didn't want to think about. He would make decisions based on his instincts, and that would make him a horrible Alpha.     
Like this, people from the Frostcrest pack can still be a separate community that was part of something greater, and George was fine with that.     
George will be the highest-ranking warrior in the Dark Howlers pack, with several units of warriors and the responsibility of guarding a long stretch of the border. In a way, it was similar to the arrangement he had in the Red Moon pack, but now they didn't need to hide. People loyal to George will live in a small settlement, and they will be free to walk outside without fear of being bullied.     
An additional bonus was that Dawn could be with him and stay close to her friends and family.     
It was a win-win, no matter how George looked at it.     
Zack volunteered to help George with town management, making Zack something like a town mayor. Zack will need to balance his current duties with the new ones, but the teen was up for the challenge.     
Seeing that James was one year younger than Zack, and was Gamma with a mate already, Zack felt the need to step up.     
The ceremony culminated when the blood of new members was brought to the altar by Amelia, Arya, and Daria.     
Gideon chanted in an ancient language no one could understand as Amelia, Arya, and Daria helped pour the blood into the flames slowly.     
With the last few words, the flames rose, and Talia's heart tightened as wave after wave of emotions washed over her. Uncertainty, doubt, fear, insecurity, the sense of being lost and abandoned. It was all there, and she could feel them like they were hers. And they were hers only a few months back.     
Talia stepped forward as her eyes flickered in the silvery light. She raised her arms, and her hair fluttered behind her while turning silver.         
A pulse of warm energy exploded from Talia to spread around every new member, providing a gentle embrace that whispered of safety and better days ahead.     
'Welcome to the Dark Howlers pack,' Talia addressed them through the newly established pack link. 'Damon and I will do our best to take care of you. Our Betas, Gammas, warriors, and every other member is your family now. There is no need to be afraid. We won't harm you. This is your home.'     
Sobs were heard from several directions, and a few Omegas that were closest to the platform fell to their knees. More than Talia's words, it was the sincerity that flew through the pack link and the soothing sensation of her aura that was like a long-forgotten mother's embrace.     
There was still a lot of negativity, but there were hope and relief as well.     
###Chapter 949: Expansion of the Dark Howlers pack (4) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 949: Expansion of the Dark Howlers pack (4) [Bonus chapter]
Damon stood behind Talia, and he embraced her from behind.         
"Good job, kitten," he murmured close to her ear.     
Talia turned her head, and her silvery eyes met his blue ones.     
"Did I reveal too much?" Talia asked. She acted on an instinct in her desire to comfort them, and only now she realized that she looked like a walking lightbulb.     
"No," Damon responded.     
With the Red Moon pack out of the picture and with the addition of James and George, they were by far the strongest pack.     
On the other hand, members of the Midnight Guardians pack were coming out more often, and then there were Cornelia, Amelia, and other witches mingling. It was a matter of time until the concept of people with abilities became normal.     
Werewolves were used to keeping their existence a secret. Witches and abilities were just additional flavors of what humans shouldn't know about.     
In addition to all that, Damon observed that Talia was awesome, and he was determined to use everything at his disposal to keep her safe. Talia will never ever hide in the attic or anywhere else. Her spot was right there, on the podium, at the top, with Damon, assuring their people that things would be alright. Talia was the beacon of hope, forgiveness, and acceptance. She was proof that powerful people don't turn into self-serving assholes. That was his kitten!     
Damon stood next to Talia and spoke to everyone in a loud voice.     
"As you can see, the Dark Howlers pack is a place where you will experience unusual things. In general, members of the Dark Howlers pack are accepting of newcomers as long as they mean no harm, and we expect that everyone follows the same rules regardless of if they were born here or if they joined recently. Keep an open mind and give yourself time to adjust to the diversity we have here. If someone gives you a hard time or you have questions, you should reach out to any of the high-ranking members. This packhouse is open to everyone. If you can't get what you need through regular channels, come here and seek help."     
Damon gestured to the area where the Elders were. "These are the Elders of the Dark Howlers pack. Their job is to provide guidance to youth and newcomers. Use them."     
Next, Damon gestured toward where Zack, Erik, and Petra were. "These three are young, but don't let that fool you. They are knowledgeable about the pack, and they are on their way to becoming high-ranking members."     
Zack, Erik, and Petra lifted their chins proudly.     
Damon turned to Talia to meet her silvery eyes smiling at him.     
"And this right here is your Luna," Damon said. "She will do whatever she can to make your life better, but her most important role is to keep me in check."     
Talia's heart swelled from emotions. "I don't need to keep you in check. You are a wonderful Alpha, and our people are lucky to have you leading them."     
'And I am lucky that you are my mate,' she added through their mind link.     
Damon smiled. "You bring out the best in me, kitten."     
Talia got on her toes, and Damon lowered his head, and their lips met halfway.     
The silvery light spread from Talia to envelop her and Damon, forming a cocoon that pulsated in the rhythm of their matching heartbeats.     
People held their breaths while staring at the magical spectacle.     
With every passing second, the light increased around Talia and Damon, making everyone squint in anticipation of what was to come.     
The light silently exploded, and people gasped as the wave of gentle energy washed over them.     
Damon inched a fraction and looked at Talia, whose eyes were now back to her usual honeyed ones. He took a lock of her copper-colored hair and twirled it with his finger. He had an urge to scoop her into his arms and find privacy, but they just had a big ceremony, and they should stay with their people a bit more. Just a bit more.     
Seeing that many people were still staring at Talia and Damon, Gideon stepped forward and shouted, "The Moon Goddess blessed us!"         
"Yeah!" Elder Agatha exclaimed excitedly. Ever since Talia's Luna ceremony, she could feel changes in her. She couldn't pinpoint what it was, but she was more energetic. Now the blessing happened again, and she was confident that this would trigger her ability to manifest itself.     
Caden and Maya raised their heads and howled at the sky.     
"AWOOO!"     
Everyone joined to release their pent-up emotions. Joy, anxiousness, excitement, uncertainty, pride, hope. It was all there.     
Damon and Talia howled as well, and so did George, Dawn, Owen, Zina, Mindy, Gideon, James, and even Cornelia went with it and howled the best she could do.     
The noise settled, and people spoke in excited whispers, wondering what was next.     
Damon's eyes lost focus for a moment, and he turned to see Stephanie standing at the door of the packhouse. She was reminding him that everyone was focusing on ceremonies and the food was ready to be served for a while.     
The inside of the packhouse was not big enough to accommodate everyone, so they had tables set up outside. The food was offered buffet-style with stalls that kept it warm. There was a large selection of grilled meats, and there were also salads, pastries, fruits, pasta dishes, cakes, and many more. One of the stalls served ramen with Chef Page and sous-chef Jane behind it. There was something for everyone.     
Damon nodded at Stephanie and then spoke to the people again, "Now that the ceremonies are over, you should enjoy the food that members of the Dark Howlers pack prepared to welcome you. Feel free to approach them, thank them for their efforts, and ask questions about the pack and life here. In about one hour, warriors will be available to lead you in groups so you can familiarize yourself with the territory."     
Maya stepped forward next. "Just a moment! Before you disperse and dive into food, I want to remind you that Elders prepared for you an event tomorrow morning. The pack will provide you with clothes and other necessities. The event will start with breakfast at nine o'clock in the morning at the town square of Darkbourne."     
Elders were bobbing their heads. Finally, they got to do something as well. Some of them hoped that this was a sign of Damon giving them more authority, but none dared to ask about it openly.     
People started moving in the direction from where the delicious aroma was wafting, and James looked around to see Dawn and George staring at each other. Similarly, Owen and Zina held hands and didn't move. James guessed that those two couples were communicating through their newly established mind links, and based on their heated gazes, it was naughty talk.     
James was a bit jealous because he didn't have the mind link with Cornelia, but he comforted himself by saying how it's not all bad. Actually, he had everything other than the mind link with his mate, and he should focus on the positives.     
If anyone should feel the lack of the pack link, that would be Cornelia. James couldn't talk secretly to her only, but Cornelia couldn't talk mentally at all. He hoped she wouldn't be upset because of that, and he decided to put in the extra effort, so she didn't feel like an outsider.     
###Chapter 950: Still friends
Chapter 950: Still friends
James was about to ask Cornelia to grab some food when he heard a voice calling…         
"Gamma James!" It was Petra. Zack and Erik were with her.     
James' instinct was to flee, but he didn't want to appear like a wimp in front of Cornelia. James was avoiding those three out of fear that they would look down on him or be upset after finding out that he lied about being of the Alpha bloodline.     
WW Magazine published an article about the events that happened at his birthday party, and they had special coverage of the Alpha challenge where Alpha Edward was defeated. They wrote about Luna Layla leaving and how Alpha Edward was infertile, and that made James an impostor.     
Petra, Zack, and Erik approached James and Cornelia, and they bowed a little.     
"Gamma James, Gamma Cornelia, we want to welcome you to our pack," Petra said.     
James nodded stiffly, and Erik rolled his eyes. "What? Now that you are Gamma, you think you are above us? Maybe I can't whoop your ass on my own, but if I join hands with Petra and Zack, you should be concerned for your safety."     
James blinked. "You mean it?"     
Erik frowned. "I will bet my next month's salary that we will whoop your…"     
"Not that," James interrupted him. "The welcome. Aren't you upset that I'm not the next Alpha of the Red Moon pack?"     
Petra made a face. "You are still the same person, no matter who your bio parents are. Besides, none of us liked Alpha Edward, and we still hung out with you. Now that we know you are not related, we might like you more."     
Before James could recover from this blow, Petra was talking to Cornelia. "It's great to have more high-ranking females. You should plan to visit the school and address the girls. They are worried if they are pretty enough, fast enough, strong enough, smart enough, and now that we have a Gamma without a wolf, I'm sure that many will be looking up to you. You can rely on me if you need assistance. I know everything about this pack and…"     
Cornelia smiled while listening to Petra, and she snuggled closer to James, whose arm was at her back, and his hand held onto her shoulder firmly.     
James' heart was full. He worried if Erik, Petra, and Zack were still his friends, but now he realized that he worried for nothing.     
James raised his hand to interrupt Petra's excited chatter.     
"Can we continue the talk over food?" James asked and looked at Cornelia. "My mate is hungry, and she is eating for two."     
Erik's mouth was wide open, and Petra's eyes formed perfect circles when they understood the meaning of James' words.     
"By the Moon Goddess!" Zack exclaimed breathily. "You will have a pup! I will never catch up to you."     
James chuckled. "It's not a competition, but I am winning."     
Talia watched as four teens and an ancient witch moved together, and she smiled. The turbulent events were monumental, but they didn't feel like disturbances. Instead, it felt like things were falling into place like this was how it was supposed to be.     
"What are you thinking?" Damon's question pulled Talia out of her thoughts.     
"This. People mingling and accepting each other." Talia looked at Damon excitedly. "Do you think other packs will adopt our open borders policy?"     
"Let's take this one step at a time," Damon responded.     
Damon loved Talia's optimism, but his experience told him that not everyone was friendly. People would shake hands and smile while plotting how to backstab him. It was a cruel world, and not everyone could be trusted.     
Damon could feel numerous power-hungry eyes directed at the Dark Howlers pack. The more they prospered, the more danger intensified. Damon had an urge to tighten their security, and opening the borders was the opposite of that.     
And there was Talia, his most precious person, his whole world. Damon was painfully aware that her brilliance attracted greed and envy. But he didn't want to spoil it for her. He and Sapa agreed that they will let Talia and Liseli do their thing, and males (aka Damon and Sapa) will protect females (aka Talia and Liseli). That's what mates do.         
"How about we eat?" Damon suggested. "You should feed our pup. She must be hungry."     
"Will you hate him if it's a boy?"     
"No," Damon responded right away. "But I will demand equal attention. If I don't get cuddles from you, he can't get cuddles either. Actually, this will be the case no matter if our pup is a boy or a girl."     
"What about breastfeeding?"     
Damon's face fell. "Breast what?" He didn't think about that! Can he bear the thought of someone else sucking on Talia's body? And they were talking about breasts!     
Talia burst into giggles. Somehow, she could envision Damon throwing a tantrum while she fed their baby.     
"Don't worry, Damon," Talia said. "I will make sure to leave some for you. You can share with your child, right?"     
Damon swayed as the ground below his feet became wobbly. Did she say that she would LEAVE something for him? Didn't that mean he would be second? And there was another thing, "Do you really expect me to share you?"     
Talia was surprised at Damon's insecurities she could feel through their mate bond.     
"Of course not," she said. "I am yours, and yours only. I am your mate, your woman, but I will be a mother to our children. It will be another role I will take on, and we will do it together."     
Damon was not sure how to respond to this. Her words made sense, and there was nothing for him to complain about, but… there was that 'but' which was nagging at the back of his head. He decided to leave it for later.     
"Let's put some food in you and keep that pretty mouth busy before you say something else that will worry me," Damon said while ushering Talia in the direction where food was being served.     
…     
The next day was busy with ensuring that newcomers settled into their temporary housings.     
Dark Howlers pack had some vacancies in existing apartments and houses, but they were not ready to accept more than two hundred people in one go.     
The first and second floors of the packhouse were completely filled, and existing members of the Dark Howlers pack offered their empty bedrooms and pull-out sofas in the living rooms. It was a temporary solution.     
Caden and Maya started construction on additional dwellings right away, but it will take months until everything is ready.     
George, Dawn, Owen, Zina, James, and Cornelia went to the Red Moon packhouse to ensure no one took advantage of their absence. They left warriors there, but someone needed to guide them.     
Talia wanted to go to the Red Moon packhouse and join James and Cornelia in searching for documents Alpha Edward left behind, but she had to prioritize Dark Howlers pack.     
Omegas were abused in the Red Moon pack, and Talia's presence brought ease and a sense of security, so she ended up postponing going there.     
Keith and Arya moved as Talia's shadows. As for Damon, just knowing she was nearby gave him a sense of ease.     
Damon was swamped with work, and if he went with Talia, the pack would suffer. Caden and Maya could handle most of that work, but everyone had their hands full, and Damon had to pull his weight.     
###Chapter 951: Searching for clues (1)
Chapter 951: Searching for clues (1)
Two days later…         
Talia was in the packhouse of the Red Moon pack, looking at the documents that covered almost every surface of what used to be Alpha Edward's study.     
James told Talia that he didn't find anything special in Alpha Edward's safe, but there was plenty in other places. He and Cornelia decided to bring everything to the study in order to see what was useful and what could be discarded.      
"This is a portion of what we found," James told Talia. "Once we clear this up, I will bring the rest."     
"It will take forever to go through this," Talia said bitterly.     
James shrugged. There was nothing he could do about this. "We have no idea what's useful. Knowing my father, he would keep top-secret information within the daily expenses of the pack. He had a habit of hiding things in plain sight."     
"Show me the rest," Talia demanded.     
James took her into the room two doors away, and Talia gaped at another mountain of documents.     
"There is also the library," James said.     
Talia released a long breath while telling herself not to panic. It's not like she expected to find one folder with the title "Top secret information on witches," and that would be it. This was more than expected, but at least they found something. On the other hand, maybe Alpha Edward hoped that no one would search through this mountain of documents.     
"Alright. Tell me what you found so far," Talia asked.     
Ever since the ceremony when Omegas from the Red Moon pack joined the Dark Howlers pack, James, Cornelia, Dawn, Zina, George, and Owen have been staying in this packhouse.     
George and Owen were working with warriors, Zina and Dawn were preparing food and taking care of the packhouse, and James and Cornelia were busy looking at things that Alpha Edward had left behind.     
Talia stayed in the Dark Howlers pack until everyone settled into their new routine, and she was comfortable leaving Mindy and Petra to take care of the rest.     
The good news was that about a dozen Omegas who came from the Red Moon pack found their mates in the Dark Howlers pack. That helped with the assimilation of newcomers.     
Damon was not happy with leaving Talia out of his sight, but he had meetings with his Generals, Cristian, Maddox, and Tony, to figure out the details about border patrols for their territories and several other things that Caden and Maya couldn't handle.     
Talia assured Damon that she wouldn't wander away. Liam, Amelia, Keith, and Arya were with her, and Damon had access to the security cameras in the packhouse of the Red Moon pack, so he could see what was going on there.     
…     
Talia helplessly looked at the pile of documents that James had put in front of her.     
"What am I looking for?" She asked.     
"Things that don't seem right. Something that will be out of place. My father had his own codes in writing things that no one else would understand."     
Talia pursed her lips. She didn't want to point out that James was still dressing Alpha Edward as his father. "Why would he write down things if it was just for him?"     
"Valid point," James said. "We might as well say there is nothing useful here, and we can stop. However, what if there is one document, one clue, that will lead us to something bigger?"     
"Did you find something from Alpha Howard?"     
James paused. "I know you are referring to his diaries that mentioned witches. No, I didn't find those."     
"Does that mean there are other hiding places, or…"         
"Or they were destroyed. Taken away. Anything is possible," James said.     
Talia puffed her cheeks in frustration. She was already several days behind because she was comforting Omegas, and those Omegas still needed her. This will take days or weeks, and there is a chance they won't find anything. Wouldn't that be a waste of time?     
With the latest developments, Talia forgot that Alpha Edward was just one of their problems. Now that things settled, she remembered rogues and Guardians, and now that Alpha Edward was gone, there was a chance that another Alpha would lead the unofficial anti-Damon coalition. Beta Raymond was still missing, Talia was pregnant, she had two packs and a mate that needed her, and she didn't have time to spend weeks combing through documents in search of things that might not be there.     
Can she fake an emergency and leave James and Cornelia to handle this? It didn't seem right. Cornelia and James had other things to do also, and if Talia bailed on them, she wouldn't be able to look them in the eyes.     
Talia wished for the ability to absorb whatever was in those documents and to sort that information, and… Talia's face lit up when she remembered one person that had a super-cheat that allowed him to read the archive of the Silver Flame Coven in one night. If he could do that, surely he could tackle this within a few hours.     
Talia got her phone and made a call. "Hi, Axel!"     
"To what do we owe the honor of Alpha calling?" Axel answered dryly.     
Talia was confused. "Pardon?"     
"Sandy and Tyler told me about your adventures. Why do I need to read about it in a magazine like I'm an outsider? Aren't we family? And when will you visit your niece and nephew? Varya is driving me nuts with her demands to visit her sisters, and Yasmin is missing you."     
The more Axel spoke, the more Talia shrunk in her seat. She was guilty. Of everything.     
Yasmin had her babies, and they escorted them to the portal, and Talia promised to visit as soon as she could, but so many things happened, and she didn't.     
"I assume things are alright there?" Talia asked sheepishly.     
"Didn't you hear what I said?" Axel asked sourly. "People are missing their Alpha. It might be a few days for you, but for us is months and…"     
"I heard you," Talia said. "As Sandy and Tyler told you, and as you read in the magazine, a lot of things happened, and I'm sorting this out, but it's taking longer than I thought it would. I know I am neglecting the pack. I am sorry. In my defense, I wouldn't leave the pack for such a long time if I didn't know you were doing a fantastic job taking care of it in my absence."     
Axel snorted. "Good that you know. Now, what do you want?"     
"How do you know I want something? What if I just called to hear how things are going?"     
"Spare me," Axel said dramatically, and Talia could imagine him rolling his eyes as he continued, "You just said that things are busy. You wouldn't interrupt your busy to catch up casually. You need something."     
"I do. I need you."     
"Oho! You need a capable Alpha?" Axel asked cheerfully. "How can I serve you?"     
Talia was not sure if that was sarcasm, but it was better than grumbling.     
"We spoke before that Alpha Edward might be involved in experiments that involved our people," Talia said and waited for Axel to confirm before continuing, "Alpha Edward called them witches, but it all points that those were people from the Midnight Guardians pack. Well, now that he is gone, we collected documents to find evidence."     
###Chapter 952: Searching for clues (2)
Chapter 952: Searching for clues (2)
Axel listened carefully to Talia before asking, "What are you hoping to find?"         
"I don't know," Talia responded honestly. "Assuming that Alpha Edward was involved in these experiments, we should find out where it happened. What if it's still happening? Who is involved? What if some of our people are still there?"     
"How do I fit into that picture?"     
"We found a mountain of documents, and it will take forever to go through them the old-fashioned way. I hoped you could come here and help us sift through it to find relevant stuff. You know… your super-fast reading."     
Axel wanted to say how it's not super-fast reading, but he actually sees the future where he reads the book, and then he just doesn't take that path. What seems to Talia as seconds, for him, feels like forever; at least mentally. But he didn't want to waste time explaining. If Talia was right, and they could find clues about what happened to their missing pack members and maybe even rescue some, this would be huge.     
"Alright," Axel said. "I will talk to Yasmin and make arrangements here." Every hour he spent outside would be a day in the Midnight Guardians pack, so he needed to ensure things ran smoothly in his absence.     
"Great!" Talia exclaimed. "Just give me a call when you are ready, and I will send Cornelia or Amelia to pick you up at the portal. Or I will send you the coordinates, and you can come on your own." Not on his own, but there were witches in the Midnight Guardians pack. "How are things there? Tell me about Meg's pregnancy. I assume that Yasmin is busy with babies."     
"Everything is fine. It's just... it would be better if you were here also, at least sometimes. Meg is doing fine, and so is Yasmin. Twins are keeping us busy." Axel responded, and he paused before continuing, "Yasmin is resting now. My parents are babysitting."     
"Your parents?" Talia blurted, unable to hide her surprise.     
"I know what you are thinking, Talia, but they don't have their abilities and are excited about grandbabies, and…"     
"No need to explain," Talia said. "If you managed to mend your relationship with them, that's a good thing." As long as he didn't expect her to do the same, Talia was fine with it.     
Sophia and Isaac tried to harm Damon. For Talia, nothing justified that action, not even saving a pack or the whole world from a potential calamity.     
Talia knew that Sophia and Isaac were good parents to Axel. Will they be good grandparents? That was a possibility, and Talia didn't want to ruin it for Axel. He soldiered without complaints when Talia took away their abilities and Alpha positions, but she knew Axel suffered. He wanted them to be a happy family, and the rift between his parents and Talia was eating him alive.     
After discussing logistics, Talia ended the call.     
"James, Cornelia," Talia called. "Stop what you are doing and take a break."     
James looked at Talia in confusion. "I heard you calling Axel to help while mentioning his super-fast reading. How fast can that be?"     
Talia smiled mysteriously. "You will see. Trust me. Take a break. Axel will be here shortly, and there is a chance we will wrap this up by the end of the day."     
James made a face, but he didn't want to question Talia. He wanted a break with Cornelia, but there was too much work to do.     
"Since we got this time off, how about we check those secret rooms under the basement?" James suggested.     
Talia puffed her cheeks. She forgot about those.     
"Do you know how to open them?" Talia asked.     
James shrugged. "No. But I know that they won't open on their own. We need to go there and try."     
Talia's mood deflated completely. "Alright. Let me just call Damon so he doesn't freak out if he can't reach me." They had no cameras down there, and her cell phone will probably lose its signal.     
Talia told Damon that Axel would come to help out, which Damon approved. But then she mentioned locked rooms in the secret passageway below the basement, and Damon didn't like it.     
"What if something happens?" Damon asked.     
"What can happen?"         
Damon hated that question. It was like an invitation for calamity.     
Should he insist on Talia's return to the Dark Howlers pack right away? Or should he tell her to stay put until he gets there?     
Damon released a long breath, reminding himself that Talia was strong and she had people guarding her. It was just his overprotectiveness because she was pregnant. Sapa would always tell him they should trust their mate, but Damon struggled with it. Talia was delicate and prone to getting into trouble.     
"Didn't we agree to proceed with caution because those things might be boobytrapped?" Damon asked.     
"We did, and I will be careful. I am not alone, and we won't just jump on the door to force it open. Someone needs to check. We procrastinated long enough. I promise that we will move slowly and open the door only if we are reasonably confident that it's safe."     
Damon released a long breath. "Take Keith and Arya with you, and be careful."     
Talia knew that this was tough for Damon. "Thank you, Damon."     
"I want to know what's going on! Keep the video call going."     
"That might be a problem."     
"How can that be a problem?"     
"You remember that rooms are below the basement level, right? There is no signal there, Damon."     
Damon groaned in frustration. Talia was set on doing something reckless again, and he was about to allow it to happen!     
"Don't move a muscle until I come there."     
"You can't, Damon. We talked about this. Take care of the pack, and I will investigate here. I will be careful, I promise…"     
After some back and forth, they agreed that Liam and Amelia will stay upstairs and hold onto Talia's phone. Liam will keep the mind link with Talia open, and he will contact Damon if anything suspicious happens.     
After that was settled, Talia asked, "How is your day going?"     
"I think I did a lot of work, but the pile of documents in front of me disagrees."     
Talia giggled. "I know how that feels. Should I send you Axel once he is done here? He can go through everything and just point out if there are any issues and tell you where to sign."     
"That's a great idea. Send him here, and I will authorize him to be my proxy. Then, the two of us can go on a vacation."     
"Sounds fantastic," Talia responded dreamily, even though she knew that won't happen. Axel was already busy with the Midnight Guardians pack, and he had Yasmin and the twins. She was feeling guilty for dragging him out to do this work instead of going to visit him, but it was for the best. Or so she thought.      
"Damon?"     
"Hmm?"     
"When we settle these things, let's go on a vacation. A real vacation where we will relax and do some touristy stuff."     
Damon approved. "How about after your Luna ceremony? It will be a massive event for everyone to know you are my Luna, and then we will take a month off. Where do you want to go? Hawaii? Thailand? We could rent an island and go snorkeling or a mountain so we can ski and play in the snow all day."     
Talia's heart fluttered. A month with Damon, and no worries? "I would like that very much. Let's pick a location together." Everything sounded good, as long as it was with Damon. Now that they had Betas, Gammas, and one Alpha in each of their packs, they could pull it off.         
###Chapter 953: Searching for clues (3)
Chapter 953: Searching for clues (3)
After ending the call with Damon, Talia looked at her phone with a thoughtful expression.         
"Problems?" James asked.     
"I don't know," Talia responded. "Axel was supposed to call by now."     
James didn't think it was a big deal. "Considering the difference in time passing, Axel needs to make preparations for at least one week. He needs time to discuss things with Kai, Meg, Tyler, and Sandy. Yasmin will be left behind with the kids without the protection of an Alpha, and he is probably taking extra caution. Also, if Axel is coming on his own, he might call after passing through the portal to ask about coordinates, and the portal could cause distortion of a few hours."     
Talia thought about how it made sense.     
Talia gave her phone to Liam, who was set to stay in the living room with Amelia. "If Axel calls, give him our coordinates. If he needs Amelia to pick him up, let me know before you head out."     
"I have a request," James asked and turned to Cornelia. "I want you to stay upstairs and rest."     
Cornelia was not willing. She wanted to be with James. "You could use a witch. I can sense if something is off with the energies."     
"I can sense it also," Amelia said from the side. "I will go. You are with a child. When Axel calls, you can handle it, or call me, and I will do it. In the meantime, this chance to rest and eat something. Sit with your legs up, so they don't get swollen."     
Cornelia looked down to examine her legs. They looked fine. Why did Amelia mention swelling?     
Amelia gave a smacking kiss to Liam before instructing, "Mind link Dawn and Zina and ask them to prepare a nutritious snack for Cornelia..." Amelia was excited about Cornelia's baby, and she hoped that she would have a child of her own soon.     
…     
Talia, James, Keith, Arya, and Amelia went into the basement and then to the secret passage that was winding downwards.     
They stood in front of the first door and took turns inspecting it carefully.     
It was a heavy door made of a single piece of wood. It had a simple doorknob, and the rough curved scratches on the stone floor were a giveaway that the door could swing open.      
James inspected it visually, and then Amelia stood in front of the door. She released energies in small pulses while chanting under her breath. She was sensing how energies flowed through the wood and reflected from it to discover a hidden mechanism within the door itself.     
Amelia pointed at the grooves and knots in the heavy wooden door. "These need to be pressed in a specific order, so the door opens."     
"What will happen if we press it in the wrong order?" Keith asked.     
Amelia shrugged. She was not sure.     
"Wait," James said. "This was my father we are talking about. If it were anything complex that blows up if you make a mistake, he would blow himself up a long time ago."     
James put his hand on the doorknob and tried opening it, but the thing wouldn't budge.     
'Lis?' Talia called. 'There must be some way to figure out how to open this without endangering people.'     
'You can.'     
'I can?'     
'Close your eyes and sense the internal structure.'     
Talia followed Liseli's instructions, and she could see the outline of levers, springs, and gears that were hiding inside the door.         
'Now what?' Talia asked. It looked complex and confusing.     
'In the end, the doorknob should click open. Start from there and work your way backward.'     
Talia could see a rod that ended with a hook on the doorknob, and then there was a spring, and Talia followed what looked like a maze.     
A few minutes later, she had a good understanding of what was going on there.     
"Six points. This is the first one…" Talia extended her hand to push the groove when Keith grabbed her wrist.     
"Alpha said to keep you safe," Keith said sternly. "If anyone needs to push things, I will do it."     
James rolled his eyes, but he still agreed with Keith. "Talia, step back and tell me where to press."     
"Why you?" Keith asked.      
James straightened his back. "You are Talia's guard, but I am the Gamma. I outrank you." Before Talia could protest, James looked at her. "And you should stand back because if you are wrong, and this thing explodes, even if we survive, Damon will kill us."     
"What if it doesn't explode, but it teleports you to a different continent?" Amelia asked. It was a possibility.     
"Then, use my cell phone signal to locate me and get me back," James responded.     
"What if you end up in the middle of a jungle without a signal?" Arya asked from the side.     
"I will do my best to find a human settlement with a signal before wild beasts eat me. Any more questions?" James spoke impatiently.     
"We are just worried," Talia said. "If anything happens to you, what will I tell Cornelia?"     
James froze at this. He just got his freedom to live a life without the shackles Alpha Edward put on him, and now… now what?     
James shook his head. "If anything happens to me, tell Cora that every minute with her was worth more than a year without and that she should wait for me until I return. I survived sixteen years as James Redmayne; trust me, I am not easy to kill."     
Talia nodded in approval. She liked James' confidence.     
"Alright!" Talia exclaimed while waving at others. "Give James some space. We are doing this, and if things blow up and the ceiling collapses, someone will need to dig us out."     
Keith and Arya exchanged nervous glances. If anything happened to Talia, Damon would skin them alive.     
Keith grabbed Talia's right shoulder, and Arya grabbed Talia's left one, and they started dragging her backward.     
"Wait! Wait!" Talia protested.     
"You have superb eyesight," Keith grumbled. "You can tell him where to press from a distance."     
Talia guided James, and he followed her instructions cautiously. He was talking bravely, but he didn't want to explode or be teleported. What if he gets teleported inside a volcano? It wouldn't be fair for him to perish now that he had found happiness. Who would take care of Cornelia?     
The hidden mechanism clicked and twirled, and James jolted when the door creaked open. They did it.     
James, Talia, Keith, and Arya entered the room one by one. Amelia stayed outside, just in case, but she was peering in from the door.         
Talia scrunched her nose at the stale air that was heavy with dust and moisture, and there was something metallic in it that made her stomach churn.     
"What a mess…" Keith said in a low voice while looking around. There were papers everywhere like a tornado passed through.     
With the light coming from the hallway, they could see well.     
File cabinets lined two walls, no windows, no other doors. Under the papers, there was a long desk and four chairs around it.     
'CLICK!'     
Everyone squinted when James flipped the switch, and the light blinded them.     
"There is someone!" Arya exclaimed and squatted to push the papers away from the body lying on the floor, completely covered in papers.     
Keith joined her, and his brows came together when he realized that some of the papers were brown, and he recognized it as dried blood. The metallic scent was blood, but because it dried, he didn't identify it right away.     
James and Talia also got down to help move the papers from the unmoving body, and Talia's eyes widened when she recognized the man. "Beta Raymond…"     
###Chapter 954: Searching for clues (4)
Chapter 954: Searching for clues (4)
Beta Raymond's body was cold and unmoving, and his clothes were torn in a few places to reveal wounds that resembled ghastly flowers from horror movies. The flesh opened outwardly like it exploded from the inside.         
Arya reached to put her finger on Beta Raymond's neck. "I can feel a pulse!"     
Talia moved quickly in an attempt to heal him.      
'Stop,' Liseli said before Talia's palms lit up. 'He has silver and wolfsbane in his system. You can close the wounds, but silver is preventing healing, and wolfsbane is killing him. His wolf is gone already. To be honest, I have no idea how he is still alive.'     
Talia was not willing to accept this outcome. What if they remove silver and wolfsbane? There are blood transfusions and surgeries and… "Doctor! We need to call a doctor."     
"We don't have a doctor here," James said. "There is nothing we can do."     
"We need to do something!" Talia shouted. "Amelia! Transport him to the Dark Howlers pack. Doctor Travis will help him!"     
As if he could hear her, Beta Raymond's eyes opened slightly.     
"Who…?" He breathed.     
They were all surprised to hear him talk.     
James moved closer to Beta Raymond's face. "It's me, James. Who did this to you?"     
"Edward? I told you… not to…" Beta Raymond froze like someone pushed a pause button.     
James frowned when he realized that Beta Raymond had breathed his last. He reached to close the man's eyes while trying to decipher Beta Raymond's last words.     
Talia's eyes swelled with tears. Why did she feel sorry for this man?     
"He thought that Alpha Edward was here, which means that he didn't know Alpha was dead," James said.     
"Or he was rambling because he was delusional," Arya said.     
James looked at Talia, whose chin was trembling, and he saw Amelia at the door with her hand over her mouth to muffle her sobs.     
Keith, Arya, and James saw a lot of gruesome stuff, but Talia and Amelia didn't, and they took it badly. It was one thing to see a body and a different one to see a person dying.     
James waved at Keith. "Take Talia and Amelia away from here. We should clean this up so we can see what these documents are."     
Keith took Talia by the shoulders and pulled her up to stand. "Can you walk, or should I carry you?"     
"Let me carry her," Arya volunteered.     
Keith refused. "I will do it."     
"I can walk," Talia said weakly. "I don't want to leave. I'm fine. I will be fine. I just need a minute. Arya, you can go with Amelia upstairs. We won't be opening another door now." Or maybe they should, to see if there were more half-dead people inside.     
Arya was not willing to leave Talia's side, but she couldn't refuse. "I will be back as soon as I escort Amelia to Liam."     
Liseli could feel Talia's emotions, and she knew that Talia had many questions and no answers. Unfortunately, there was not much they could do.     
"Did any of you see Beta Raymond at the event?" James asked.         
"He was on the video footage, going into the forest," Keith reminded James. "How did he get here?"     
James shook his head. "We saw a guy who looks like Beta Raymond walk into the forest."     
"Are you saying that was not him?" Keith asked.     
"Clothes don't match," James said. "The guy on the video was wearing a black suit, and this…" James gestured at the body. The gray polo shirt and jeans were in bad shape and colored with dried blood. "This is what Beta Raymond was wearing earlier that afternoon when we met with Ana in Alpha Edward's office."     
Talia's brows furrowed as she thought of something. "No one saw Beta Raymond at the party, yet we saw someone looking like Beta Raymond walk into the forest after the birthday cake was cut. We don't know what disguise he had on, but it was good enough to move through the packhouse and walk away without being stopped. It was not just the appearance, but his scent as well."     
Keith was alerted. "Do you think it was a Guardian?"     
Talia confirmed. "That would explain why Beta Raymond didn't show up at the party. He was here. The impostor didn't enter the event hall because he was not confident he would fool people close to Beta Raymond, or maybe because Sandy was there."      
"I thought you said that only one Guardian has the ability to disguise himself, the one we found in the Midnight Guardians pack," Keith reminded Talia. "And only he knew what Sandy could do."     
"True," Talia confirmed. "His mind was compromised, but maybe he remembered." Or maybe someone forcibly picked his memories, just as Talia and Liseli did to Vincent.     
Keith pursed his lips. "That still doesn't explain how he was disguised to the point of no one seeing or smelling the difference."     
Talia thought for a moment before responding, "If I can take away abilities, what's to say that some Guardians can't grant them?" It was a long shot, but it was a possibility.     
Talia and Keith turned to look at James, silently asking him for his opinion.     
"It sounds crazy, but that could explain why no attack happened at the event," James said after some time. "Assuming their target was Alpha Natalia, they knew that caution was the priority. They want her alive. Sandy was an unexpected variable, so they backed off. For now."     
"How does Beta Raymond fit into that picture?" Keith asked.     
James shrugged. "Maybe he worked with the Guardians to let them in. Or maybe Alpha Edward was working with the Guardians, and Raymond was snooping until he found out more than he should." It was such a mess.      
…     
Declyn entered a room to find Gregory staring at the map of North America. It had outlined new borders of packs that were set after they divided the territory of the Red Moon pack. It was glaringly obvious that the Dark Howlers pack gained more influence.     
"Is everything ready?" Gregory asked Declyn.     
Instead of answering, Declyn asked his own question. "Are you sure we should go with it? Why don't we wait to see how these changes are impacting the balance between the packs."     
Gregory shook his head. "Just like any other power shift between the packs, this one will be temporary and not worth mentioning. Alpha Talia is an Alpha with the Guardian bloodline. You tried talking to her, I tried talking to her, and we invited her here politely, but it didn't work. If you have other suggestions that don't include waiting, I'm all ears."     
Declyn's eyes moved to the map. "She is strong and surrounded by allies. This can backfire in so many ways."     
Gregory waved his hand, indicating that it was not important. "Treat them as flies. If they stay away, we will let them be. The only one that can impact our plans is Alpha Damon, and we will deal with him. As for Talia, no matter how powerful she is, she is just one female and can't be in too many places at once." Gregory narrowed his eyes at Declyn. "Are you going to turn your back on me now? Are you going to turn back on our people? On what's left of our people?"     
"I would be an asshole if I said yes."     
"And you are not an asshole, Declyn. Get our people moving. It's time."     
###Chapter 955: An emergency?
Chapter 955: An emergency?
~ the Dark Howlers pack ~         
'KNOCK-KNOCK!'     
"Come in!" Damon responded without raising his gaze from the document in front of him. He knew who was at the door.     
"You are working hard, so I thought of bringing you something nutritious," Stephanie said.     
With Dawn and Zina not being around, Trisha was left to deal with food for all guests. Sure, they were Omegas who knew their way in the kitchen, but Stephanie didn't want to let just anybody prepare food for high-ranking members of the pack. One can never be too careful. Damon didn't . He missed Stephanie's cooking.     
Damon smirked at the sight of a tray that had a bowl of tomato soup garnished with bacon bits that smelled divine. There were also a grilled cheese sandwich, grapes, apples cut into bite-sized pieces, and a mug of steaming coffee.     
He looked up to see Stephanie standing and staring him down, just as his mother used to do.     
"You can have that after your meal," Stephanie said while pointing at the coffee.     
"You treat me like a child," Damon grumbled.     
"That's because you are acting like one."     
This brought back Damon's memories that stretched over the last decade. It was heartwarming.     
Damon leaned into his chair. "It's good to have you here, Steph."     
"It's good to be here. Now eat. Don't make me come back and find that the food is untouched and you had only coffee. Fruits are also important."     
Damon threw a piece of apple into his mouth. "Yes, ma'am!"     
Stephanie shook her head and was about to leave, but she paused when Damon asked, "Is Richard OK with you working here?"     
Stephanie officially retired from her work, but since the group from the Red Moon pack arrived, Stephanie was spending most of her days in the packhouse.     
Talia was reluctant to let Stephanie come to the packhouse because they still didn't clarify Lisa's situation, but she let Damon handle this.     
Stephanie either didn't want to share details about Lisa's whereabouts, or she was unaware of what was going on. Just in case, they kept tabs on Stephanie, so they knew that she didn't contact anyone outside of their pack territory via mind link or via phone. And she didn't interact with outsiders.     
With every passing day, Damon was more convinced that if Stephanie was the one who leaked information to Lisa, she did it unintentionally. Stephanie would be devastated to find out that Lisa was behind the attack on the Blue River pack.     
Damon was nearly certain that Lisa was behind it, but he wanted to make sure before telling Stephanie. For that, they needed to find Lisa, but it appeared as Lisa and Tristan had disappeared completely. Damon was not surprised. Rogues were experts in blending in with humans, and no one could find them unless they wanted to be found. That was one of the perks of not having the mind link.     
"Don't think I'm suffering by coming here," Stephanie said to Damon. "If I'm home, I would be bored because Richard is helping with construction, and all my friends are busy with activities related to the newcomers."     
Damon was glad to hear this. "I want to thank you for your efforts."     
"Everyone is doing what they can for the pack, Alpha."     
Damon cocked an eyebrow. "Why are you so official?"     
Stephanie crossed her arms over her chest. "You started it."     
"I did?"         
"You sure did. When you thanked me like I'm an outsider."     
"Fair enough," Damon said.     
Stephanie waved at the food. "Eat up. I know you have a lot of work, but you should eat. Alpha needs energy if he will help his people. I'm going to start with dinner. I will make extra, so I take home for Richard and myself. Consider that as my fee for working after my retirement."     
Damon looked at the door that closed after Stephanie, and then he popped a grape into his mouth. It was sweet and juicy, and Damon realized he was starving.     
He checked the time, and sure enough… he had missed lunch. No wonder Stephanie brought him food.     
Trisha could do the same, but she wouldn't dare interrupt Damon while working.     
Should he call Talia now or later? Damon checked the live feed on his screen to see that Liam and Cornelia were lazing in the living room. There was no sound, but it was obvious they were relaxing, which meant that nothing significant had happened.     
Damon wanted to call, but Talia said she would call him when she was done checking the rooms below the basement.     
Damon decided to call later.     
He pushed documents to the side to make space for the tray, and he started eating with gusto.     
…     
'Luna!' Liam called Talia through the pack link. 'Axel is on the call. It sounds urgent.'     
Talia was alerted. 'Is he coming?'     
'He won't talk to me,' Liam responded.     
'I'm on my way,' Talia responded and then said to Keith and James, "I'm heading up first. Axel called."     
James and Keith were preparing to take Beta Raymond's body out of there.     
Their plan was to remove the body and then check the papers that were scattered all over the room.     
As soon as Talia got out of the basement, she saw Liam standing with her phone in his hand.     
"Yes?" Talia said as soon as she got the phone.     
"Talia… it's Yasmin and the kids…" Axel said while wheezing. "They… they…"     
"Calm down, Axel. What happened?"     
"They are gone."     
"Gone? Where?"     
"I got everything ready and was about to go and see her, but she was not in the kids' room. I checked the main house, and she was not here. I thought she went to my parents, but they are not responding. They never shut down their pack link. The guards didn't see anyone coming or leaving. I'm on the way to their home now, but… something is wrong. Yasmin wouldn't leave without telling me."     
Talia could sense dread creeping up her spine. "I'm on my way, Axel. Investigate, but don't do anything rashly. Increase the security at the portals and put our people on alert. Tell them it's a drill. Let's hope Yasmin went for a walk with the kids and forgot to tell you." But that wouldn't explain why Sophia and Isaac were not available via the pack link.         
Talia ended the call and moved to the living room with urgency.     
Liam was right behind her. "Is Luna Yasmin in trouble?" With his werewolf hearing, he could hear what Axel said.     
"It seems like it, but let's hope everything is fine and Axel is panicking because she forgot to tell him where she went. I will need Amelia or Cornelia to take me to the portal. Mind-link Keith, Arya, James, and George and tell them I'm heading to the Midnight Guardians pack."     
"What about Alpha Damon?"     
"I'm calling him right now." She was set on going without delay. Her people needed her. Her family needed her. Every minute counted because the time difference was working against her now.     
Talia rushed to tell Amelia to prepare the teleportation diagram to the portal of the Midnight Guardians pack.     
They knew that the portal would be needed, so Amelia and Cornelia had one ready, and they needed a few minutes to set up energy crystals.     
Talia bit her lip while listening to Damon's phone ringing. The third time, fourth… why didn't he pick up?     
"Hello?"     
Talia frowned. "Steph? Why are you answering Damon's phone?"     
"Normally, I wouldn't. However, I saw that it's you calling, and I thought that if I left it unanswered, you would worry," Stephanie said.     
"I am worrying. Where is Damon?"     
"I'm in Damon's study. I came to pick up used plates because he ate here while working. He is not here, but he left his phone on the desk. I'm not sure where he went, but I could guess it's related to newcomers and the construction that's happening. I heard Caden complain during lunch how some materials were subpar and that Damon should check."     
Talia released a long breath. "I see. Sorry. I just…"     
"It's OK," Stephanie said. "When I see that boy, I will give him a good scolding for leaving his phone behind. Until then, can I take a message? Or do you want me to reach out to Caden and Maya and see if they are with Damon?"     
Talia thought for a moment before responding, "No. It's fine. Just tell him that I called."     
"Alright. Take care."     
A moment later, the phone in Stephanie's hand lit up with a notification. It was a message from Talia: "Call me when you get this."     
Stephanie released a long breath and ran her hand through the raven black hair of an unconscious male who was sprawled over his desk.     
###Chapter 956: Missing (1)
Chapter 956: Missing (1)
Talia found Axel in the infirmary. He was in the room with Sophia and Isaac, who were lying on hospital beds.         
Talia opened the door to hear Isaac talking.     
"Stop treating your parents like villains. Why are you acting like we did something? Do you believe we will harm our grandkids?"     
"You had no problems getting rid of your niece!" Axel hissed.     
"This is different," Sophia said. "We are different. Instead of shouting at us, you should…"     
Sophia's voice trailed, and Axel turned to the door to see what got his attention.     
"Talia!" Axel cried. "Yasmin is gone. My kids…"     
"Calm down," Talia said while giving Axel a hug. She released a bit of her aura to envelop him with the goal of soothing his mind.     
"Take a deep breath. We won't figure this out if we give in to panic. Yasmin is a smart and capable witch with an awesome ability, and she won't be easily bullied." Talia waited for Axel to take several deep breaths, and then she asked, "Tell me what happened."     
Axel was visibly relaxed, but now the sadness and exhaustion showed on his face.     
"I was talking to Meg, Kai, Sandy, and Tyler about their duties for the next two weeks. With the number of new mates that arrived recently, our current living quarters were cramped, and we needed to build more. Digging underground and making it habitable for our pack members takes time. It's simpler to build above ground, but Elders argued how that will create a hierarchy where less privileged get to stay down…"     
Talia wondered if Axel spoke in such a roundabout way because her aura relaxed him too much. Did he remember that he needed to talk about Yasmin, Edgar, and Valeria? But she didn't want to interrupt him.     
Axel said how some mated couples were expecting pups and needed more space and how several newcomers were having difficulty adjusting to life underground. This brought them back to the solution of building above ground, but the Elders ed.     
There was a conflict between old and new, and Axel was unsure how to strike a balance between providing necessary living space with time constraints without changing their way of living. He was only a proxy, and these matters that impact the dynamic of the pack should be handled by the Alpha.     
Talia realized she was supposed to be here to sort these things out. She didn't know Axel was dealing with these turbulent internal affairs.     
Since Talia became the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, about a hundred pack members found their mates, and that meant a hundred new people that needed a place to stay. Any other pack wouldn't have difficulty accommodating one hundred additional people, but the Midnight Guardians pack stayed the same for a very, very long time. Those few who escaped through the portal never came back. Their unused living quarters were invaded by moisture, mold, insects, and small animals and became inhabitable. It was the same amount of work to build new rooms compared to cleaning existing ones and removing infestations. It was all more challenging because their pack didn't have free access to the human realm where modern technology could be acquired.     
The excitement of people finding their mates slowly deflated, and they realized that one bedroom for a couple was not enough, as they needed more.     
Axel eventually got to the point of Yasmin missing.     
"I looked in the nursery, and they were not there. I asked Omegas if they saw them, and no one saw anything. I checked our bedroom, common areas, and the garden, but I didn't find anything. Yasmin doesn't have the mind link, but someone always knows where she is."     
Axel released a long breath and glanced at his parents while talking to Talia. "The bond tugged me toward their home. At least, that's what I thought. I went there to look, and I found them unconscious on the floor. I could pick up Yasmin's scent that was not old, but it was not fresh either. I tried sensing the bond again, but I got nothing. She is not here."     
Talia narrowed her eyes at Sophia and Isaac. "What did you do?"     
"Nothing!" Sophia and Isaac exclaimed in unison.     
Sophia raised her hands defensively. "We were in the living room, but then we woke up in the hospital to Axel shouting."     
'Lis?' Talia asked. 'Is she telling the truth?'     
'Her heart rate went through the roof from the moment she saw you. She could be lying, but she could be just scared of you. One does not exclude the other.'     
Talia turned to Axel. "What about Omegas who are working in their house? Did they see anything? Is any of them missing?"         
Axel rubbed his face with force. He didn't think about it. "I don't know. I found them, and I called guards to bring them here and…"     
"It's OK," Talia said. "We will figure this out. Let's go to their place and investigate. You said you picked up Yasmin's scent there."     
"Impossible!" Isaac exclaimed. "Yasmin and the kids didn't visit us in days."     
Talia thought how that was odd. The old guy sounded convincing.     
"Come, let's check together," Talia told Axel.     
They had guards watching over Sophia and Isaac, and Talia instructed healers to check on the duo and figure out why they were unconscious. If they were telling the truth, someone knocked them out. But Talia didn't trust them, and she didn't want to act until she got the information.     
Keith, Arya, Liam, and Amelia were waiting in the hallway. They followed Axel and Talia to the house that the old Alpha couple was using.     
"Tell me about the overall situation," Talia demanded from Axel. She wanted to keep his mind busy with something because his anxiousness was showing, and it made his Alpha aura leak.     
Meg and Kai were handling patrols who were searching for Yasmin and the kids, while Sandy and Tyler were in charge of security, checking for anything suspicious and ensuring no one passed through the portals. So far, there was nothing. It didn't look good.     
The probability that Yasmin took the kids for a walk and forgot to tell Axel was close to zero.     
"Did the two of you argue?" Talia asked Axel.     
Axel was taken aback by this question, but he still responded, "No, not really. I mean… Yasmin wanted me home more, and she was exhausted because of the night feedings, so there was occasional friction, but nothing serious."     
Another wave of guilt washed over Talia. If she were here, Axel wouldn't need to work that much. But this was about Yasmin and two babies, and Talia will deal with her matters later.     
"Do you think she went to her mother?"     
Axel dismissed the idea. "If she did, she would go through the portal. If she went out, someone would pick up her scent."     
"What about security cameras?" Talia asked.     
"There is nothing. However, the cameras are covering the main hallways and the entrance. She could have gone there without being recorded. There is security, but it's not very tight so…"     
Talia nodded in understanding. The Midnight Guardians pack had only two portals that can be used as entry points for outsiders, and they focused their attention on them. Anything that the warriors did within the pack territory was more-less for practice purposes, and they were not on high alert.     
What a mess.     
###Chapter 957: Missing (2)
Chapter 957: Missing (2)
Talia checked the living room with the help of Keith and Arya while Axel spoke to guards and Omegas. He went to talk to them in person so he could gauge their expressions. Liam and Amelia went with Axel.         
Talia sniffed the air to confirm that there was Yasmin's scent lingering. She followed her nose to a storage ottoman that had a sweater and two onesies.     
"That's Yasmin's," Axel said from the door. He recognized the sweater. It was one of Yasmin's favorites, and she complained a few days ago that she couldn't find it. They assumed that Omega took it for washing, and it would appear eventually.     
Talia pointed out baby clothes. "Edgar's and Valeria's, I assume. How often would they come here?"     
Axel took the garments and squeezed them tightly. "Mom and dad didn't come to the main house ever since you took over as the Alpha. Yasmin would bring the kids here every few days. She drops them off and comes back to pick them up later. There is no need for Yasmin to have her clothes here. This was her favorite sweater; she wouldn't leave it behind."     
Talia nodded in understanding. "Someone kept this here."     
"Why would anyone do that?"     
Talia had no idea.     
"What did you find?" Talia asked.     
"No one is missing, and no one saw anything strange," Axel said dejectedly. "But guards are lax, and Omegas come daily to prepare food. If someone from the pack came here, it could be easily missed."     
Talia puffed her cheeks. "It might be possible that Yasmin didn't come here."     
"You believe my parents?" Axel asked.     
Talia didn't know what to believe. She wished that Damon or James were with her. They would know what to do.     
"Let's go back to Sophia and Isaac and ask them about this," Talia said while gesturing at the clothes Axel was holding. "We need to know where Yasmin was seen last."     
…     
Sophia and Isaac swore they had no idea how those clothes ended up in the storage ottoman in their living room.     
Axel released a low growl that came with a wave of his aura.     
"Axel," Talia called. "Do you want to wait outside?"     
"No!" He snapped and turned to his parents. "I want to know what you were up to. You claim you have no idea what was going on, but Yasmin and my pups are missing. Why are you acting like you don't care?"     
"Who said we don't care?" Sophia responded. "But we don't have any abilities, and you are treating us like villains. You want to know what happened?"     
"YES!" Axel shouted.     
"Then you should find your mate instead of wasting time here!" Sophia shouted back. "We didn't see Yasmin and the kids today or yesterday. We have no idea how those clothes ended up there! That's the truth, and the longer you refuse to believe us, the more time kidnapers have to run away with your mate and pups!"     
"Kidnapers?" Talia asked.     
Sophia spread her hands helplessly. "How else would you explain missing people and planted evidence? We didn't knock each other out."     
Talia paused. Sophia was right. The healers checked them out and didn't find any injuries. If they inhaled something that knocked them out, Axel would find traces in that room. Unless someone removed the evidence, but that would point that someone else was involved, in which case kidnappers were accomplices. Which one was it? Talia was not sure.     
"Why would anyone try to set you up with this?" Talia asked.         
Sophia responded. "Can you think of anyone more suitable to delay you? Everyone knows that we are replaced. No one comes to visit. People don't respect us. If not for Axel and Yasmin, Omegas wouldn't come to clean and cook. We became invisible. Outcasts…"     
Talia raised her hand, interrupting Sophia's pity party. "If someone set you up, why did they knock you out?"     
Sophia shrugged. "I hope you will ask them that question when you catch them. And the more time you waste asking questions to which we have no answers, the more time they have to flee and hide."     
Talia had to admit it made sense. All these inconsistencies would cause doubts, but no proof, so they were bound to investigate and waste time.     
Talia turned to Axel, "Alert all warriors to start searching. Tell them that something precious that belonged to Yasmin is missing so they can track it by her scent."     
"You think Yasmin is still here?"     
Talia confirmed. "There are only two portals, and she didn't pass through them. Unless there is another portal we are not aware of, they are still here."     
Axel's eyes lost focus as he was contacting warriors.     
'Portal is not the only way to get out of here,' Liseli spoke in Talia's mind.     
'What?'     
'The stories speak of God-like creatures that could move among realms at will. They are the ones who created portals originally for the morals to travel,' Liseli reminded Talia of the old legend. 'What if the God-like creatures were Guardians? What if some of them have the ability to travel without using portals?'     
Talia's stomach dropped. Those were not legends. Talia's mother left information in the necklace, and it mentioned opening a passage at will. No diagrams, crystals, or magic items. Only energy summoned by a Guardian.     
The etchings they found in the realm of witches when they searched for Yasmin's father were remnants of a passage being opened. It requires an immense amount of energy, and the caster would need days to recover in order to use his ability again, but it was possible.     
'And there is one more,' Liseli said.     
'There is?'     
'Magical items. Your mother left you a message. That was embedding an item with energies that would trigger given the right conditions. There could be a necklace that opens a temporary passage, enough for a few people to pass through it.'     
Talia really, really didn't like this. The Midnight Guardians pack enjoyed a fake sense of security because they believed that trouble could come only through two portals.      
A commotion from outside got Talia's attention.     
"What's going on?" Axel asked, and he moved to open the door and check.     
They could see Keith and Cassandra wrestling in the hallway.     
Keith pinned Cassandra on the ground and was twisting her arm, and her mouth was open wide, ready to bite Keith's leg.     
Arya, Liam, and Amelia stood on the side, all three baffled by the sudden brawl.     
"What are you doing?" Talia asked, and the duo on the ground froze.     
"She wanted to barge inside, and I told her no," Keith said while getting up.     
Cassandra also stood up and dusted her long dress before turning to Talia. "Alpha, I need to speak to you."         
"Speak," Talia said stiffly. They were facing an emergency, and she didn't have the time to waste on nonsense.     
"It's a prophecy from the Moon Goddess," Cassandra said.     
Talia's eyebrows shot up. "For me?"     
Cassandra nodded. "I saw Alpha Damon. He was blind, and his other senses were not working either."     
Talia needed a moment to process this. "Are you saying that Damon will be in trouble?"     
"It will be soon." Cassandra's eyes moved to Talia's belly. "You were not showing yet. The forest was covered in snow."     
"We have no snow!" Keith barked.     
Cassandra crossed her arms over her chest. "If you don't have it in your backyard, does that mean your neighbors don't have it either? How much I know, some areas are always covered in snow."     
Keith sneered. "Which means your prophecy is rubbish!"     
###Chapter 958: Missing (3)
Chapter 958: Missing (3)
Talia waved, indicating for Keith and Cassandra to stop their bickering. She spoke to Cassandra. "Damon was in trouble, in the forest covered with snow, and… I was there. Correct?"         
"I know what you are thinking, Alpha," Cassandra responded. "But Alpha Damon will be there with or without you. I believe that without you there..." She shook her head. "Your presence will be critical for his survival."     
"How do you know that?" Axel asked.      
"Alpha Damon was solid, while Alpha Natalia's image was fading. That means her presence is optional and will impact the outcome."     
"And what if her presence makes it worse?" Keith snapped. Cassandra told him before that her prophecies were just images, full of symbolism and open for interpretation. However, assuming Cassandra was right... if Damon was in danger, should Talia go there? Talia was pregnant! Was Cassandra setting up Talia?      
Cassandra released a long breath. "I can't force you to believe me. I received the prophecy, and I told you what I know. The rest is on you."     
Talia nodded absentmindedly, unsure what to do. Can she trust Cassandra? What if she was the one behind Yasmin's disappearance?     
'Where was Cassandra when Yasmin disappeared?' Talia asked Axel through the mind link.     
'We have someone keeping an eye on her. She is spending time in her quarters and with healers. But if a Guardian came to her in disguise, only Sandy would notice.'     
Talia puffed her cheeks. Everyone was a suspect.     
'Do you want me to take her in for questioning,' Axel asked.     
Talia rejected. 'We can't question everyone. We need to go by what we know. Where was Yasmin last seen?'     
'In the nursery, with kids. Several hours passed, and no one saw her until I went to look for her. There is a sofa in the nursery, and she would put the kids in their cribs and take a nap after feeding them. Everyone knows that, so they wouldn't disturb her unless she calls for help or kids start fussing…'     
Cassandra's eyes flashed when she saw the necklace around Keith's neck. "Didn't you say you lost it?"     
Keith quickly put his hand over the necklace. "I said I threw it away, and I did. Later, I went to retrieve it."     
"You said it was broken. It looks to me like it's fine. Give it back."     
"It's not yours. It's mine. Alpha gave it to me."     
Cassandra pointed an angry finger at Keith. "Liar!"     
"I'm not lying!"     
"You lied about throwing it away. Why would I believe you now?" Cassandra hissed and lunged at Keith. "Give it!"     
"Ahh!" Keith cried when Cassandra bit his forearm, and she kicked his shin a moment later.     
Keith grabbed Cassandra's wrists. The Oracle was going to snatch the necklace!     
"Arya! Help me get this wild beast off!"      
Cassandra had no abilities, and she was not a warrior, but she was still a she-wolf who didn't mind using dirty tricks.     
Arya grabbed Cassandra's arm and started pulling the Oracle away.     
Cassandra was livid. "Two on one? Is that how you are playing?"         
"Ahh!" Arya shrieked when Cassandra bit her finger. "You should fight with honor and not bite people!" Arya could do all kinds of maneuvers, but she didn't expect to be bitten. That was so barbaric!     
Cassandra sneered. "Honor? How can you talk about honor when two of you are attacking me?"     
Liam and Amelia scooted further away. They didn't want anything to do with this commotion. They were in a hospital!     
Talia tuned out the noise. She put her hands over her stomach while unease crept into her heart. She didn't trust Cassandra, but she couldn't ignore the prophecy either.     
"Axel," Talia called. "Give me your phone. I need to call Damon…"     
…     
Talia's hands were shaking. Damon didn't pick up the call, so she called Caden next. Caden said that Damon was not with him, and Damon didn't respond to the mind link when Caden tried to contact him. Maya didn't see Damon since that morning, and Trisha confirmed that he was not in the study, but his phone was there. Stephanie was not in the packhouse, and with that, Talia didn't know whom to contact next.     
"We need to go to the Dark Howlers pack," Talia said to no one in particular.     
"What about Yasmin?" Axel asked.     
Talia turned to Axel robotically. "If I'm right, this is much bigger than Yasmin and Damon. The Guardians are making their move."     
Axel didn't care about the Guardians. He wanted Yasmin and his kids back. "Then, let's go to where the Guardians are and get our mates and kids back!"     
"We can't just go there, Axel," Talia said. "They have devices that suppress Alpha aura and block the pack link and probably more things we don't know about. We would be walking into a trap." Assuming that Yasmin and Damon were there. Maybe all this was just a bunch of strange coincidences.     
"Are you expecting me to sit here and wait!?" Axel shouted.     
Talia frowned at him. "Calm down," she said while releasing some aura to tell him she meant business.     
She knew that Axel was anxious, they all were, but shouting and panicking won't help.     
Talia needed to think. What would Damon do? What would James suggest?     
Investigate. They didn't have time for it. Yasmin and the kids were missing, and Damon might be in danger.     
They needed strategy, and they needed numbers. There was no effective strategy without information, but she could do something about numbers.     
"Axel, go to the Silver Flame Coven. Tell Evanora what happened here. I am not sure if the Guardians are behind this, but I can't see anyone else capable of doing it. If we are going to get Yasmin and the kids back safely, we need the help of witches."      
Axel didn't want to go to the realm of witches. "Do we have time for this?"     
Talia was not sure. "Time is passing differently here. We have more time here than outside. Now, I need you to focus. Leave Kai and Meg to handle things here and continue searching for traces of Yasmin, Edgar, and Valeria. Ask Sandy and Tyler to organize whoever can come out to help while leaving enough warriors to protect our people. Until we confirm what happened, let's not cause panic, but we should be prepared." There was an option to ask witches that were staying here to teleport everyone to the Dark Howlers pack, but if Guardians were hiding here, they would be getting a free pass into another territory. It would be just replacing one bad for another.     
Talia put her hand on Axel's shoulder. "I am leaving now, and I will let you know if anything major happens. Your task is to convince Evanora to help us. Hopefully, she won't think twice about coming out when she finds out that her daughter and grandkids are missing, and she will have some spells to track her Yasmin. Regardless of the outcome, when you are done, find me."     
Axel realized that Talia was right. Surely, Evanora should have some spells they could use to find Yasmin.     
Axel moved while mind-linking Kai, Meg, Sandy, and Tyler with instructions.     
"What about me?" Cassandra cried.         
"What about you?" Talia asked dryly.     
"I can help. The relics!" She reminded Talia. "I figured out what most of them can do."     
Talia paused. If they were going to face the Guardians, those things might be helpful.     
"Get them. You have one minute. You will come with me." Talia said.     
Cassandra's eyes lit up, and she scurried down the hallway.     
"Liam," Talia called. "I want you to keep an eye on the Oracle. If she does anything suspicious, snap her neck."     
###Chapter 959: Missing (4)
Chapter 959: Missing (4)
Talia reached the Dark Howlers packhouse with Keith, Arya, Liam, Amelia, and Cassandra.         
They informed James of the situation, and he said that he would join them as soon as he made arrangements there.     
'Caden?' Talia called through the mind link.     
'Talia! Where are you?'     
'I just reached the packhouse, and I'm heading to the study.' That was the last place Damon was seen.     
'I will meet you there,' Caden responded.     
Talia opened the door of the study, and her stomach sank. There were documents on the table and Damon's cell phone, but he was not in sight. Damon's scent filled the air, but she could sense that he was not there for hours.     
"You are here!" Caden said with relief in his voice.     
"Where is Damon?"     
Caden shook his head. "I tried contacting him, but I got no response. We have another problem."     
Talia's heart tightened. "We do?"     
"Cristian, Tony, and Maddox reported rogue activities along the borders."     
"All of them?" It was Keith who asked.     
Caden confirmed. "It seems to be an organized attack. So far, there have been some skirmishes along the borders. The reports are still coming."     
"What about our pack?" Talia asked.     
"We had suspicious activity but no confirmed attacks. Maya is investigating, and we raised the alert within the pack."     
Talia could feel alarm bells ringing in her head, but she couldn't make sense of them. She mind-linked Mindy and Gideon. The duo was busy with Omegas from the Red Moon pack in Darkbourne, and Talia decided to let them be there. People needed comforting, and Shaman was the man to make it happen.      
"It's the Guardians," a male voice came from the door, and they all turned to see James and Cornelia standing there.     
Caden frowned at James' words. "How do you know?"     
"Do you need to ask, considering all these simultaneous attacks?"     
"Who else came with you?" Talia asked.     
"George and Dawn went to join Maya's unit."     
"What about Owen and Zina?"      
"They are in the packhouse of the Red Moon pack with warriors," James said.     
"Will Owen and Zina be fine with the handful of warriors?" Arya asked. "Considering that we have attacks on so many fronts, wouldn't it be better to cut down our losses and tighten our ranks?"     
James disagreed. "None of the attacks is a big threat. If we leave that packhouse unguarded, other Alphas will jump on the opportunity to control it with an excuse it was not claimed."         
"Will anyone dare to come for it?" Arya asked.     
"You bet they will," James responded. "Neutrality of that packhouse was the first thing Alpha Natalia asked for after announcing she was mated to Alpha Damon. Other Alphas will go for it to challenge her authority. It will reflect negatively on her image among people, and that will plant a seed of doubt in the hearts of ignorant ones. We will kick the intruders out, but we will be missing documents and valuables, which will be another swipe at Talia's reputation."     
Arya didn't like this. Surely a smeared reputation was a bad thing, but how can it compare to people's lives? Owen, Zina, and their allies were there.     
"How do you know that those attacks are not dangerous?" Arya asked James.     
"Because they are after me," Talia responded. "All this is to cause distraction and rift between allies so they can get to me."     
"What will you do?" Caden asked.     
Talia wanted to rush to where the Guardians were, but she knew that would be foolish. "I want to talk to Cristian, Maddox, and Tony. Can you call them on a video call?"     
Caden confirmed and got his phone.     
Talia moved behind Damon's desk, and she sat on his chair. She reached for his phone to see notifications of missed calls, hers mostly.      
While holding onto the phone, Talia remembered something. "Did you find Steph?"     
Caden responded while sending a text message to three Alphas, "Steph is not in the packhouse, and she is unreachable via pack link." Caden's brows came together when he realized something. "Do you think she had something to do with this?"     
"Before going to the Midnight Guardians pack, I called Damon to let him know about it. Steph answered his phone. She said that he was not in his study, and he left his phone behind, but Damon never leaves his phone behind." Especially not when he knew they were too far away to communicate through their mind link.     
Caden had to agree with this. Damon wouldn't leave his phone unattended, and he always kept tabs on Talia.     
"I will alert our warriors to keep an eye out for Steph," Caden said stiffly, and then his eyes lost focus.     
Talia's laptop lit up as she had call requests.      
Maddox, Tony, and Cristian shared their status. They each had a few skirmishes with injured parties but no fatalities.     
Tony said he suspected one group of attackers was from the Night Sentinel pack, but they escaped, and Alpha William claimed he was being set up. Tony said that he would investigate this further.     
"Where is Damon?" Maddox asked. He assumed that Damon wanted to meet with them and organize their units.     
"He is missing," Talia said.     
Tony's eyes widened. "Missing?"     
Talia confirmed. "And he is not the only one. Yasmin and the twins are missing as well. No one saw them when or how they disappeared from the packhouse of the Midnight Guardians pack. The same is with Damon. He was last seen in the study a few hours ago. We suspect that the Guardians acted on this personally."     
"What can we do?" Cristian asked.     
"I hope you can protect your borders. I will figure out how to get Damon, Yasmin, and the kids." Talia didn't have a plan, but she knew that she was the one who needed to make it happen.     
"That's a horrible idea," Maddox said. "If Damon is there, he would give you a good scolding for thinking that way."     
Talia was confused. "What?"         
Cristian nodded in agreement with Maddox. "You are talking about Guardians. If they have their hands on Damon, you are the last person who should go there."     
James stood behind Talia so the other three Alphas could see him on their screens. "We are all assuming that Guardians are behind this, but we are not certain. And even if we know it's them, there are endless possibilities as to where they are keeping the hostages."     
"Hostages?" Cristian asked.     
"Would you be surprised to find out what's happening are distractions and baits for Guardians to get their hands on Talia?" James asked.     
"That's another reason for Talia to sit this one out," Tony said.     
"I can't sit and hope for the best while my people are fighting, and Damon, Yasmin, and the twins are missing!" Talia protested.     
"No one says you should hide," Maddox said. "But I would rather face a war than allow Tanya to put herself in danger. However, I can't expect her to stay locked up. Right now, she is with our people, guiding them to shelters and assuring them that our warriors will protect them. Your people need you, and you need to put their needs first. If anything happens to you, they will be lost, and Damon will go mad."     
###Chapter 960: Following clues
Chapter 960: Following clues
Talia was touched by the care Maddox, Tony, and Cristian showed, but she had to make something clear.         
"I'm not Tanya, Maddox," Talia said. She was not comfortable discussing her heritage as a Guardian, so she stuck to other facts. "The Guardians want me. I can make this stop."     
"You are right," Cristian said. "If you contact them and agree to negotiate, they will call off the attacks. However, they won't accept a trivial tribute. They don't need money or land. They want you. Assuming you accept their conditions, we will live in peace until the next powerful female catches their eye."     
Tony added, "If you go, it will only tell them that this strategy works. Damon taught me that if the other party won't give anything in return, that's not negotiation; it's blackmail. This time, they get you. Next time, they will come for Kalina, Tanya, Michelle, and many others."     
Maddox hummed in agreement. "I know you feel guilty by sitting there, knowing you can stop it. But you going to them won't be a solution. How guilty will you feel to know that your friends were targeted next because you gave in?"     
"They are right," James said to Talia from the side. "We will figure out how to deal with attacks, and we will come up with a plan to save everyone without pushing you in the middle of it. I am confident that every pack member feels the same. You are Luna of the Dark Howlers pack and the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. You are not replaceable."     
Talia exhaled helplessly. She had no intention of going to surrender herself. She wanted to punish the Guardians for their behavior and save Damon, Yasmin, and the kids. But the truth was that she didn't know where they were held or where the Guardians were.     
"I promise that I won't do anything reckless," Talia said to James and then turned to her laptop from where Maddox, Tony, and Cristian were looking at her. "Caden and Maya will be in charge of our warriors, and George will assist them. James will be our point of contact and main strategist. Please inform him of any changes. Axel is handling the Midnight Guardians pack and searching for clues on where Yasmin and the twins are, and I will do the same here regarding Damon."     
After the video call ended, Talia turned to Cassandra, who was standing on the side silently. "Work with Cornelia in organizing the relics you've brought. Tell her what they do and how to activate them. Amelia, you will be in charge of preparing teleportation diagrams. In case of an emergency, we need to be able to move our units quickly. James, work with Maya and Caden to distribute relics to our people in the best way possible."     
Caden nodded in approval. Instead of shrinking, Talia took charge of the situation. Damon will be proud to hear about this.     
Amelia left the study to handle her tasks.     
Keith and Arya went with Caden to sync up on the current situation. They went to Caden's study because Damon's was crowded with everyone in it, and Cassandra and Cornelia needed space.     
Liam stayed to keep an eye on Talia.     
"What will you do about Damon?" James asked.     
Talia shook her head. "I don't know where to start."     
"Do what feels right, and you won't have regrets," James said. "The worst thing you could do is rush."     
"You expect me to sit and wait?"     
"That's exactly what I'm expecting," James said. "If we are right, and the Guardians are doing this to get to you, they will get in touch with you to state their demands."     
Talia started massaging her temples. The tension was building up, and she found herself emotionally detached. She knew that her people were in danger, but the only thing she could think about was Damon.     
Talia grit her teeth in annoyance. Was this the extent of her abilities? What was the point of her power and strength if the only thing she could do was sit and wait for news? Damon was missing, and she could feel the bond but not the pull. Where was he? Shouldn't she be able to sense the direction of where he is?     
'There are several reasons why you can't sense the pull,' Liseli spoke into Talia's mind. 'One is the distance, something might be obstructing your connection, and then there is your emotional turmoil. You are anxious and angry, and nothing is going through that.'     
Talia put her hands over her stomach. 'Help me, Lis. Our mates are missing. I fear that…' She couldn't finish.     
'The bond with Sapa is there, but it's weak,' Liseli said dejectedly. 'We can't follow the bond, but you can follow the clues.'     
'Clues?'     
'Stephanie. She is a member of this pack, and she can't be far away.'     
Talia's eyes lit up. 'I can force-open the mind link and demand that she comes here.'         
'Don't,' Liseli said right away. 'If she is guilty, it will only alert her you are onto her, and she will flee.'     
Talia's excitement dwindled. 'If I can't use the pack link, how do I follow the clues?'     
'You can still use the pack link. Even if they've done something to block your bond with Damon, they wouldn't be so cautious about her. Calm down and focus on the bond you have with this pack. Feel its members. Find the one you are looking for…'     
Talia realized that Liseli was right. When she became the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, she could see strings connecting her to every pack member. When she became the Luna of the Dark Howlers pack, she could feel the energies, and there was a lot of light, but she focused on Damon and emotions, and she didn't pay attention to the strings.     
If she could focus. Only if she could sense that one particular string that connected her to Stephanie, she could… maybe… it was worth a shot.     
Talia closed her eyes and took deep breaths to calm down. The talk between Cassandra and Cornelia turned into murmurs, and James' typing on the keyboard of a laptop blended with it. Everything faded as Talia focused on channeling energies like her mother taught her in the secret message.     
If her mother was here, what would she do? Talia remembered the first message that gave her an insight into the relationship her parents had. They were in danger, hiding, protecting each other, and Talia could feel her mother's determination not to give up.     
Cornelia and Cassandra both turned to stare at Talia when she started glowing. The light spread around Talia in pulses, and then it transformed into silvery threads that reached in all directions with Talia in the center of it.     
The other four people in the room saw the light being compacted into a rich silvery layer around Talia, but they couldn't see the threads.     
Little by little, threads faded into nothing, leaving only one.     
Talia's silvery eyes snapped open, and she started moving while following the thread.     
"Luna?" Liam asked while scurrying after Talia. Where was she going? And why was she picking up the pace?     
'Keith! Arya!' Liam called through the pack link frantically. 'Luna is leaving the packhouse!'     
'Where to?' Keith asked.     
'How am I supposed to know? Get out! Now!' He was nervous that he would lose Talia, and it would be all his fault.     
'Stay with her and tell us the direction!' Keith demanded. 'We are right behind you!'     
Keith and Arya rushed out of Caden's study, leaving Caden totally confused. They were in the middle of something important!     
###Chapter 961: A traitor
Chapter 961: A traitor
Talia ran until she reached the shore of the lake that was South of Darkbourne.         
Normally, the sandy beach would have people, even during winter, but now it was silent because the whole territory was on alert, and people stayed in their homes and shelters.     
Talia paused when she saw a female sitting on the sand and staring at the lake. It was Stephanie. Or was it?     
'Lis?'     
'That's a she-wolf,' Liseli responded.     
Well, at least it was not a Guardian, Talia thought. But it didn't make it better. Talia hoped that it was a Guardian in disguise, or that Stephanie was brainwashed or blackmailed, or something... anything other than Damon's mother figure being responsible for his disappearance.      
Talia waved at Liam, Keith, and Arya to stay behind. She was aware those three were following her, and she didn't mind as long as they didn't try to stop her.     
"Is something wrong with your mind link?" Talia asked when she approached Stephanie.     
"No," Stephanie responded without looking back. "I just felt like some alone time. Is anything the matter?"     
Talia's brows came together. Stephanie was too relaxed for someone who did a bad thing and was caught.     
"Do you know that the whole pack is on alert?" Talia asked.     
Stephanie turned to look at Talia. "That would explain the absence of people."     
"Steph?" Talia called. "You can talk to me. Tell me what's going on."     
"What do you think is going on?"     
Talia decided to stop beating around the bush. "Damon is missing, and I think you had something to do with it."     
Stephanie blinked. "I had everything to do with it."     
Talia's stomach dropped. "What did you do?"     
"Just a medicine to knock him out."     
"Why? Don't you love Damon?"     
Stephanie shook her head. "They won't harm him."     
"They? You mean the Guardians?"     
"Yes," Stephanie confirmed.     
"I thought you loved this pack."     
"I do. I did it for the pack."     
Talia couldn't believe this. "You betrayed Damon for the pack?"     
"I didn't betray him. I did what was best for the pack. He will agree with me when this is over."         
"What?"     
"They don't want Damon. They want you."     
Well, Talia knew that, but how could Stephanie know unless she was colluding with the Guardians? "Do you think Damon will forgive you?"     
"It doesn't matter if he forgives me. Once you settle your emotions, you will also do what's best for the pack."     
"And what is that?"     
"Go to them."     
Talia wondered if her ears malfunctioned. "Why should I do that?"     
"Because you are our Luna, and a Luna does what's best for the pack. With every passing minute, the number of casualties will increase. They won't hesitate to kill many to get what they want. If you are too stubborn, they might harm Damon, but that will be on you."     
Talia shook her head in disbelief. "You seem to know a lot about them."     
"Maybe I do."     
Talia felt her hair rising at one possibility... "Are you the one who betrayed Damon's parents?"     
"Not betrayed. The Guardians wanted only Violet. She was thinking about it, going to them, so they don't decimate the pack. However, when it came to it, she hesitated. The Luna of the Dark Howlers pack said she couldn't leave Jacob and Damon, and she would rather kill herself than go to the Guardians willingly, and that's NOT how a Luna acts. If she was willing to throw her life away, she might as well do it for the benefit of the pack. Don't you think so?"     
Talia needed a moment to process this information. "Luna Violet decided to stay away from the Guardians, and you betrayed her?"     
Stephanie made a face. "Here you go again with that word, betrayal. I always put the needs of the pack first. I gave my everything for this pack. My conscience is clear."     
"Is it?"     
Stephanie confirmed. "We all live for the pack and die for the pack, yet Violet thought she was more important than the lives of many. At that time, I spoke with Gil, and he disagreed with working against his Luna, saying that Jacob would never agree to it. I asked him, what if he needed to pick between his Alpha and Luna? What if he needed to pick between his pack and his Luna? Only then he understood where I was going with this. It was reasonable for Violet to do this for the pack, but she refused. I told the Guardians which way they would go, that Gil would be driving, and that he would help them take Violet with the condition for Jacob to be unharmed."     
Stephanie paused and shook her head. "Jacob was stupid to fight them. You can't win against the Guardians. I felt the moment Gil died, and he told me that Jacob had killed him. They were surrounded by the Guardians, and instead of letting Violet go, Jacob killed Gil. I heard that Jacob and Violet fought, and it only caused for all three of them to perish."     
With every next word from Stephanie, Talia's brows came closer together. "Wasn't Violet your friend?"     
Stephanie sneered. "She was selfish. If she cooperated, Gil would be alive, and so would Jacob,  and Damon wouldn't grow up without his parents."     
Stephanie gave Talia a meaningful look. "It was a complete failure, but the Guardians left us alone. As soon as they get their hands on you, the attacks will stop."     
Talia's body turned numb. Was this the sweet and caring Stephanie who welcomed her to the packhouse a few months ago? Stephanie gave Talia Lisa's old clothes, helped her settle in the new environment, taught her how to cook, and packed food and money for Talia to have during the Summer Solstice festival.      
"Don't blame me, Talia. It's the Guardians who want you, and they won't stop until they get you. You have the power to prevent unnecessary deaths of our people. Do you think warriors will keep fighting when they find out that this is all because of you? Even if they don't turn against Damon, the survivors will carry resentment that will fester over time. Do you think your life is worth more than hundreds of warriors who are now fighting at the border? If you don't want to go to the Guardians, the only choice is death, but you should kill yourself in front of them so they know it's over…"     
Talia's shoulders fell. Surely, Stephanie's betrayal of Damon was heavy, but somehow… her words made sense.     
Stephanie's words jarred Talia's heart to open a flood of insecurities.     
The small and timid girl who was hiding in the attic wasn't worthy of anyone sacrificing themselves for her, and making that girl into a Luna didn't change that fact. Wasn't every life equal? She was the Luna, her duty was to protect the pack, yet now they were dying for her.         
Keith's blood boiled. There was some distance between Stephanie, Talia, and Talia's three guards, but they could hear each other well.     
Images of Gregory trying to get his hands on Talia flashed in Keith's mind, and he saw red.     
"You bitch!" Keith shouted while rushing toward Stephanie.     
Arya was right after Keith, and Liam's eyes were out of focus as he was telling Caden, Maya, and James what was going on here.     
###Chapter 962: A traitor (cont.) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 962: A traitor (cont.) [Bonus chapter]
Keith grabbed Stephanie by her neck and lifted her off the ground. "Your existence is wasting oxygen."         
"Keith!" Talia exclaimed. Stephanie's words put her in a daze, and she was startled when Keith appeared.     
"Let me kill her!" Keith said angrily to Talia without removing his glare from Stephanie.     
Talia's mind was a mess. She couldn't think straight. Should she kill Stephanie? What would Damon do?     
Damon will be devastated to find out what Stephanie did to his parents. He had been looking for a traitor for a long time, suspecting everyone from Elders to Generals and even the Shaman. Damon never suspected that traitor was much closer, his mother's best friend, a woman who raised him after his parents died.     
Stephanie gripped Keith's wrist while wiggling her legs in an attempt to break free. "Kill me? For what? For telling the truth?"     
"You just wished for your Luna to die. That warrants a death penalty."     
Stephanie sneered. "My death won't change anything. Talia's will."     
Stephanie's eyes moved to Talia. "You can save this pack. Keith and a few more might idolize you, but they are youngsters without families to worry about. They dream about an impossible future where everyone gets their happy ending. As a Luna, you should know better. You know who you truly are. Only a few months back, you were a poor girl who couldn't stand straight. You didn't have any possessions, and you were all bruised and hungry. Everything you have is thanks to Damon and this pack. Damon brought you here and gave you a home, protection, and care. The pack accepted you, and you got to enjoy the princess treatment. Isn't it fair to pay back?"     
Talia whimpered, and Keith's head snapped her way to see traces of dark slithering in Talia's silvery eyes. He recognized it as dark magic that would invade Talia when her emotions were unstable. That can't be good. Normally, Damon would be there to ease Talia's demons and force them back, but now Damon was not here.     
"Don't let her get into your head, Talia!" Keith shouted desperately. "You are worthy. You saved this pack, and you saved Alpha Damon more than once! You saved my mate and me! That's why you are our Luna. Believe in the Moon Goddess. You have so much more to offer. Don't give up! Damon needs you! We need you, and we will stand to protect you as long as there is strength in us!"     
Arya didn't know what was going on with Talia, but she felt Keith's panic, and she knew it was serious.      
"A pack needs their Alpha and Luna!" Arya said. "Only like that, a pack will prosper. Think about your mate! Don't let this traitor make you think you are not important. If not for you, I would be dead now. Remember what other Alphas said. If we give in, the Guardians win, and we will always live in fear of when the next time will come."     
"Give me one word, just one word, and I will kill her on the spot," Keith said.     
"We need her alive!" Liam shouted from the back as he transferred James' message. "We still don't know what happened to Damon!"     
Keith looked at Talia, who gestured to Keith to let Stephanie go.     
Keith growled lowly, and Stephanie plopped to the ground.     
Stephanie rubbed her aching neck. "You will see that I'm right."     
Keith was livid. "How dare you talk about right and wrong? The previous Alpha and Luna are dead because of you, and you want to do it again!"     
"I did what's best for everyone."     
Keith's face contorted in disgust. "A pack prospers only while following an Alpha. If you have a problem with that, you should go rogue! Alpha Damon and Luna Talia have their positions for a reason, the Moon Goddess saw them as worthy, and your options are to obey them or leave! You put our Alpha in danger, and you want our Luna to sacrifice herself. How can that be good for everyone? The only one you are thinking about it yourself!"     
Stephanie narrowed her eyes at Keith. "If it's me they wanted, I would go to them willingly, but my death won't change anything. If you take a moment to cool off and think about it, you will realize that Talia would do the same."     
"That's not your call to make!" Arya shouted. "You are a traitor! Did you think about what will happen to our Alpha if he loses his fated mate? At best, he will be weakened, creating an opening for other packs to attack, and at worst, his wolf will go feral, and he will start attacking his own people."     
"Not Damon," Stephanie said. "I watched that boy grow up. He is strong. He will suffer, but he will snap out of it and choose another Luna. There are so many other willing…"     
'SLAP!'     
A harsh slap interrupted Stephanie's next words, and she tasted blood in her mouth while staring at Talia, who was standing in front of her with an expression that sent chills down Stephanie's spine.         
Talia was fuming. This was Stephanie, a woman Damon considered his second mother. He trusted her, he loved her, and she treated him like he was a machine without feelings.     
The idea of Damon forgetting about Talia and moving on with another female was unbearable. Talia wanted to beat the life out of Stephanie for that alone, and Liseli agreed. Liseli didn't wait for centuries to reunite with Sapa, only to be separated again.     
Talia raised her hand to deliver another hit.     
'SLAP!'     
Stephanie fell to the side.     
"You think that my mate will abandon me and our child?"     
Stephanie stared at Talia. "A child?" How come she didn't know about this? Was it recent? She shook her head. "It doesn't change anything. Damon is young. He can have other children."     
Talia grabbed her collar to lift Stephanie.     
Stephanie tried to resist, but Talia used just enough aura to prevent Stephanie from moving.     
'SLAP!'     
"It's ALPHA Damon to you!" Talia shouted as her eyes were a whirlwind of silver and black.     
'SLAP!'     
Talia's heart ached at the thought of Damon's parents dying because of Stephanie.     
Alpha Jacob had Sapa at that time, and Luna Violet was strong enough to make Guardians interested in her. Would Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet be able to resist the Guardians?  They never had a chance to find out because their own Betas betrayed them.     
'SLAP!'     
Keith, Arya, and Liam stood and watched as Talia hit Stephanie, and none had an intention to stop her.     
Talia gripped Stephanie's shirt and lifted her to stand. "What did you do to Damon?"     
Stephanie gave an ugly smile to reveal her bloodied teeth.     
"It doesn't matter. You should just follow the instructions." Stephanie's eyes moved to the lake. "You should go to the bottom. There is a thing there that if you touch, it will take you to them."     
"A portal?" Keith blurted out while eyeing the lake nervously. Will the Guardians pop out of there?     
Talia was not surprised. They suspected something like a portal at the bottom of the lake, but they were confident it was not working properly. Did the Guardians fix it? If they did, why they didn't just come out? Or was it a one-way thing?     
Was that how Damon was taken away from here? But the video showed only Stephanie leaving and not Damon. Was there a secret passage?     
Talia's hair turned silver as she urged her energies to envelop Stephanie's mind. Talia needed to know what Stephanie knew, and she had no intention of playing around.     
###Chapter 963: Stephanie's secrets (1)
Chapter 963: Stephanie's secrets (1)
Talia released Stephanie, who fell to the ground listlessly. If not for breathing, she would appear dead.         
Talia turned robotically to see Keith, Arya, Liam, and Caden looking at her.     
"Take her to the dungeon," Talia said. "Treat her as a dangerous individual. Give her medical care only if her life is in danger."     
"Are you OK?" Liam asked with concern obvious in his voice.     
Talia blinked. "Who is keeping an eye on Cassandra?"     
Liam froze. Talia told him to watch over the Oracle and to kill her if he noticed anything suspicious, but when Talia left the study, he just went after her without thinking.     
"Uhm… Cornelia and James are there," Liam responded and quickly mind-linked James, so Cassandra was not left unattended.     
Talia released a long breath. She didn't want more surprises.     
Talia needed a moment to sort out everything that she found out in Stephanie's mind. There was so much information, and Talia couldn't wrap her head around the fact that they all looked up to Stephanie, yet her betrayal ran deep.     
Damon should be able to pick up the negative emotions of a person who is so close, but the thing was that Stephanie believed she was doing the right thing for the pack, and she totally fooled not only Damon but everyone else.     
"Caden," Talia called. "You need to capture Richard also."     
Caden frowned. Why did Talia bring up Richard? "Is he involved in Damon's disappearance?"     
"That's not easy to answer, but… he was sending information to the Guardians. Richard and Stephanie are not mates. They faked it, so he gets access to the packhouse and snoops around when we were not there while Stephanie kept Omegas busy in the kitchen."     
Caden, Arya, and Liam gaped at Talia.     
Keith knew that Talia could look into people's minds, so he was not surprised that Talia had this information, but he was scared by the information she provided. If Stephanie and Richard were spies, everyone else was a suspect also!     
Caden was unaware that Talia could read minds, but he already saw so many unbelievable things from Talia that he didn't question her.     
"Anyone else we should take to the dungeon?" Caden asked.     
"Stephanie didn't know about more, but Richard might."     
Caden nodded stiffly. "I will arrange for him to be captured low-key and interrogated."     
Two warriors came to them in full sprint and grabbed Stephanie's arms to drag her away.     
Talia turned to look at the lake.     
From Stephanie's memories, Talia was confident that Stephanie didn't meet Gregory in person. After Violet's death, Stephanie and the Guardians didn't communicate… until the Council of the Alphas. At that time, Talia revealed herself as a powerful Alpha and that she was close to Damon, Maddox, and Cristian.     
Guardians contacted Stephanie to be alert and keep an eye out if Alpha Natalia visits Damon. Talia could guess that the Guardians activated their sleeper spies in other allied packs as well.     
Eventually, the Guardians confirmed that Alpha Natalia and Luna Talia were the same person. Was that why they kidnapped Yasmin and the babies, to distract Talia? What if they find out that Yasmin was part Guardian? Talia tried not to think about it.     
Richard was known as a friendly blacksmith who kept to himself. People from Darkbourne would come to order things like daggers, candlesticks, fireplace fittings, chains, decorative items, and keychains, and while placing orders, they would chat about anything and everything. That was how Richard knew what was going on in the Dark Howlers pack, even though he rarely left his home.     
Since Richard was taking online orders, no one suspected that mail and packages from the human city carried instructions from the Guardians. Richard would send them information hidden in shipments of his custom-made products. He had been doing it for a long time. That's how Stephanie found out that the bottom of the lake has a secret that can transport Talia to the Guardians.         
Talia wondered, why didn't they contact her so far? Were the Guardians counting on Talia to feel overwhelmed and helpless so that she would go to them on her own?     
"Talia?" Keith called cautiously. "Don't do anything stupid. We will get Damon."     
Talia turned to him and smiled a little. "I know."     
Keith was relieved to see that the black from Talia's eyes was gone. Her eyes were back to their honeyed color, but they were full of worry and sadness.     
Talia released a long breath and turned to walk toward the packhouse. She needed a breather to think, but how could she calm down to think in this situation?     
"What's going on?" Arya asked the guys in a whisper.     
Keith responded through their mind link, 'The woman in question is Stephanie. Her mate was the previous Beta, and she was very close to Alpha Damon's mother, Luna Violet. After previous Alpha and Luna died, she took over the packhouse management and was something like a second mother to Alpha Damon. No one saw this coming.'     
Talia walked through the forest, too distracted to notice the glorious golden hues that were painted by the sunset.     
Damon had been missing for several hours already, and her every heartbeat was painful.     
Instead of going to the packhouse, Talia went to the garden and sat on the bench. It was a bench where she would sit with Damon often. It was a compromise between Talia's need to be outside in the forest and Damon's plead for her to stay in sight so he knew she was safe. He always wanted her to be safe.     
Talia knew this was not the time to idle, but her mind was a mess.     
Caden had other matters to handle. Liam went to the study to watch over Cassandra with the hope she didn't make a big offense. Arya and Keith kept their eyes on Talia from a distance.     
Talia leaned on the bench and closed her eyes. The familiar scents helped her to calm down a bit, but the fading of Damon's scent was agonizing.     
Talia struggled to focus.     
Stephanie betrayed Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet, and Stephanie's mate, Beta Gil, was in that as well.     
Stephanie didn't care about Talia at first, thinking it was just one Omega that everyone pitied and that she won't play a big role. Stephanie was happy to hear that Damon had found his mate. However, the more Talia grew in power, the more wary Stephanie became, suspecting that the Guardians would set their eyes on Talia, and they did.     
Talia's insides tightened at the thought of Damon. His heart will break when he finds out what Stephanie did.     
Damon told her that no one could be trusted, and Talia told him that was not true. She believed that people loved him, respected him, and followed him willingly and that no one will betray him. Oh, how wrong she was.     
And the worst thing was that Stephanie had no remorse. She believed she was doing the right thing. It was all so messed up.     
"You OK?"     
A voice pulled Talia out of her thoughts, and she turned to see James.     
"No, I am not," Talia responded.     
James sat on the bench next to Talia.     
"Talk to me, Luna," James said. "I can't do my job as a Gamma if I don't know what's going on."     
###Chapter 964: Stephanie's secrets (2)
Chapter 964: Stephanie's secrets (2)
Talia told James that Stephanie was responsible for the death of Damon's parents. "Stephanie was convinced that Luna should sacrifice herself so others can live."         
"And what do you think?" James asked.     
"I think… that's not wrong. I am a Luna, but my life is not more worthy than others."     
"Yet, here you are."     
"From the first day I came here, Damon never asked for much, but he insisted that my safety was a priority. If something happens to me, Damon won't forgive me. He will not forgive himself. I don't care about what happens to me, but I don't want to be another person who will disappoint him."     
Talia waited for James to say something, but the silence was pressing on her ears.     
"What do you think?" She asked.     
"I'm still waiting to hear the rest," James said. "Stephanie put something in Damon's food. What happened after that?"     
Talia's face fell. "When I called to tell him I was going to the Midnight Guardians pack, Stephanie picked up the call. Damon was right there, unconscious. I should have known."     
"Don't dwell on things you can't change."     
Talia knew James had a point, but it was easier said than done.     
"After she talked to me, Stephanie got an artifact that looked like a gemstone. It glowed, and then Damon disappeared, together with the gem. I believe it's an item for teleportation," Talia said.     
James nodded. "That explains why no one saw him leaving. And I can bet that's the same thing that made Yasmin and her kids disappear also."     
"That means the person working for the Guardians is still in the Midnight Guardians pack."     
"Or that person teleported together with Yasmin and the kids," James said. "It was probably someone Yasmin trusted."     
"Could Sophia and Isaac be the culprits?"     
James shrugged. It was a possibility. "Let's not waste time guessing and focus on what we know. How did Stephanie get in touch with the Guardians? I thought that Caden and Maya were keeping an eye on her."     
"Richard," Talia said. "He used his blacksmithing business to communicate with outsiders, and the Guardians disguised themselves as his customers. From the Council of the Alphas, the Guardians were keeping their eyes on me and collecting information. When Damon announced to everyone I was his Luna, there was a pack run. From that evening, Richard and Stephanie pretended to be mates."     
Talia frowned as she remembered, "Damon was talking to Stephanie, asking her to stay in the packhouse, but she was adamant about leaving. At that time, we thought she was bitter because of Lisa, but that was not true. She was set on going with Richard even before the pack run."     
"Lisa?"     
"Stephanie's daughter. She used to date Tony before he met Kalina."     
James remembered stories about Tony's ex-girlfriend, who had difficulty accepting that Tony had found his mate.     
"Where is Lisa now?"     
"With rogues. She found her mate during that pack run and…" Talia's face fell as a few more scenes resurfaced from the jumble of what she saw in Stephanie's mind. "We all thought Lisa was with rogues and that Stephanie didn't know, but she did. Lisa was the one who tipped off rogues that I was in the Blue River pack for Tanya's Luna ceremony. After that, Stephanie wanted Lisa to convey more information to the rogues, but Lisa refused to cooperate. Lisa was too weak to contact Damon, so she demanded that Stephanie gets her out of there. Stephanie cut her off."     
"Is Lisa important?" James asked.     
Talia was not sure how to respond to this. "Lisa is a brat who goes on everyone's nerves. She refused to accept I was Damon's mate and was causing issues."         
"Well, being stuck with rogues against her will might teach her a lesson or two. She won't turn rogue if she has the pack link, but her wolf will suffer."     
Talia didn't have the capacity to worry about Lisa. "Let's not talk about her. What should we do regarding the Guardians?"     
"The Guardians knew that Stephanie betrayed Luna Violet, and they guessed she would do the same to you. You are my Luna, and I should tell you to stay here and let us handle it."     
Talia felt there was more to it. "But?"     
"You are Damon's mate, a powerful Alpha, and I think you should go to him."     
"What happened to waiting until the Guardians contacted me? Don't we want to find out what they are up to?"     
"That was before you told me that one of Damon's closest people betrayed him. It's reasonable to believe that Tony, Maddox, and Cristian have spies in their packs. Probably someone close to them. Without knowing who it is, they are in danger as the Guardians will harm them to put pressure on you."     
"You think that Damon is in danger?"     
"Yes," James said. "Based on the information we have, the Guardians look down on others, seeing them as not worthy. Alpha Damon is just a lure to get you there. Damon will quickly figure out where he is and why, and he won't sit there obediently. He will do whatever he can to escape, and they will do whatever they can to keep him. You see where I'm going with this?"     
"You don't think it's crazy for me to go there?"     
"Crazy? No. Risky? Yes. However, if we sit and wait, we will only be doing what Guardians want. They are playing mind games. They want you to see your people suffering. Every next report about casualties will come with an additional pressure for you to compromise. That's what they are counting on. They will want you to reach out to them and ask them what you need to do so they stop. They are probably hoping you are unaware of their involvement. In that way, they can twist this into a story about how rogues are attacking, and if you go to them, they will help you subdue rogues."     
Talia thought about how James' words made sense.     
"What should I do?" She asked.     
"I can't tell you what to do. But I know that if that's Cora, I wouldn't stay on the side no matter what others say and no matter what the risks are." James turned to look into Talia's eyes seriously. "Alpha Damon is the strongest Alpha, and he is wearing your mark on his neck. I believe the two of you can figure this out and come out victoriously." If they can't, no one can. "I don't recommend fighting head-on against the Guardians. They are unaware of your abilities, and they think you are ignorant. Use that against them."     
"Thank you, James," Talia said while standing up. "I will leave things here in your care."     
James' eyes widened. "You are going now?" He was giving her a pep talk to raise her spirits, and he thought they would come up with a plan. Why did she look like she was heading out already?     
Talia took her phone and quickly sent a text message before responding, "Axel will be in touch with you when he finds something. Everyone knows what to do, and in case something happens, I trust you will navigate the situation." Talia stuffed the phone in the back pocket of her jeans. "I have my phone with me, so you will be able to check my location."     
James stared at Talia as she walked away. Did he mess up by encouraging her to face the Guardians?     
###Chapter 965: The snowy forest [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 965: The snowy forest [Bonus chapter]
Talia put some distance between her and James, confirmed that no one else was nearby, and she closed her eyes.         
'Lis, we need to do this together,' Talia spoke to the ancient spirit.     
Liseli knew what Talia was up to. 'It will drain your energy.'     
'Not completely,' Talia said. 'Those instructions were given by the Guardians, who had less power than we do.'     
Talia was the most powerful Alpha, and she was fairly confident that she was among the strongest Guardians. Damon's mark gave her an additional boost, and Talia was determined to test her limits.     
Talia prayed silently that she was not too late and that this won't make things worse.     
She was pregnant and didn't want to take unnecessary risks, but Damon was in danger, and if she didn't do whatever was in her power to fix the situation, she would regret it forever.     
In a way, Stephanie was right. Talia owed everything to Damon. He was the one who took her from the attic, gave her a home, and showed her what love and unconditional support are. It was time for Talia to pay up. However, Talia had no intention of going as a sacrifice. She will go there as a bringer of calamity.     
Talia paused at this last thought. Wasn't she discarded by Sophia and Isaac because Cassandra's prophecy said that Talia would bring calamity? Well, it was time for that prophecy to come true.     
Talia put her hand over her abdomen.     
'As long as it doesn't endanger my child, we are doing this. The energies of the Guardians are in sync with nature, and if there is any impact on my pregnancy, it will be positive.' Talia looked up to see the Moon peeking above tree canopies. 'The Moon is rising. It seems that Selena will help us as well.'     
'Alright. Focus on mate, think about him as where you want to go…'     
The information Talia's mother left in the necklace spoke about channeling energies so that a person can travel instantly across realms and without limitations in terms of distance.      
James' brows came together when he felt the winds picking up by the second. They gathered around Talia to create a vortex of dust, leaves, and debris that obstructed Talia's glowing form.     
Arya and Keith realized that something was not right. They rushed toward Talia, and they were only a few steps away when the silvery light flashed in blue, and then it all stopped like someone pressed a pause button.     
Everything stilled for a moment, Keith and Arya included. The branches and pebbles fell on the ground first, followed by the drifting of leaves and the dust settling.     
"What was that?" Cornelia asked breathily while rushing toward James. She felt an immense surge in energy.     
Cassandra was running after Cornelia. How could she miss a commotion?     
Liam was right behind them, determined not to lose Cassandra out of his sight.     
James was staring at the spot where Talia was standing only a few seconds ago.     
"It was… Talia," James said robotically.     
"What did you say to her!?" Keith was livid. It was his duty to protect Talia, and she had just vanished! That was it. Damon will skin him alive, this time for real!     
James shook his head. "We just talked, and she told me to take care of things here, and that's it."     
Keith cursed loudly while walking toward the spot where Talia was, hoping she would reappear in the same mysterious way she disappeared. Arya joined him in searching for clues that were not there.     
Cornelia turned to see that the ground glowed in pulses of light blue circular marks that looked like someone had scratched it.     
Cornelia's eyes widened when she realized what she was looking at. "Did Talia teleport?"         
"I think so," James said. He saw teleportation by witches many times. It required a diagram and energy crystals and chants, and there were no winds or other commotion. This was different, but the results were the same. Talia disappeared.     
Cornelia couldn't believe this. "Where did she go? How are we going to explain this to others?"     
James was not sure. But he knew one thing. "Talia is an Alpha, and her mate is in danger. I wouldn't just sit if someone was holding you captive. She did what she needed to do, and as their Gammas, it's our duty to help. Let's go inside. It's time to contact others and go offensive."     
Cornelia was a nervous bundle of nerves, but James' confidence was like a comforting blanket that made everything better. She leaned on him as they walked into the packhouse together.     
"We sorted out almost all the items Cassandra brought," Cornelia said. "There are quite a few that can be used on the battlefield."     
James smiled at his chocolate-colored mate. "Good girl."     
Cornelia grinned foolishly. Why did those two words make her all mushy on the inside?     
…     
Talia stared at her surroundings.     
She was in the forest, illuminated by the moonlight that was not obstructed by leafless branches and evergreen trees.     
Chills from below got her attention, and Talia realized she was ankle-deep in snow.     
Talia's heart was thumping wildly as she remembered Cassandra's prophecy. It spoke about a forest covered in snow. And here she was.     
Where was Damon? Didn't she teleport to his location?     
Cassandra mentioned that Damon was blind, his senses not working, and in danger. Talia hoped that was something open to interpretation. If the Guardians dared to take Damon's eyesight, she would kill them all!     
Talia tried sensing her surroundings, and her insides tightened when she realized she couldn't feel a thing. Trees and bushes all around her were undetectable by her senses, like they were an illusion, but she could touch them.     
'Lis?'     
'Something is messing with our perception,' Liseli responded.     
Talia cursed under her breath. Now what?     
'Is it possible that we are in the wrong place?' Talia asked.     
'I'm not sure,' Liseli said. 'We did everything right. Damon should be close, but maybe these disturbances messed up with our destination as well.'     
Talia exhaled helplessly. She got her cell phone and was bummed to see that there was no signal.     
'How are they going to find us?' Assuming that anyone searches for them. Tyler might be able to hack into satellites, but Tyler was in the Midnight Guardians pack.     
'Do you think anyone can help us? They would just become hostages or get in the way. This is better.'     
Talia agreed with this, but… 'We have no idea where we are. Standing here makes no sense, and picking a random direction will be even less productive. How come your wolf senses are not working?'     
'Don't blame me!' Liseli exclaimed. 'You are the one who decided to teleport without any research or planning.'         
'We have a plan.'     
'We do?'     
'Rescue Damon and kill anyone who tries to stop us.'     
Liseli snickered. 'I like it. But how are we going to find him?'     
'There is one option I can think of.'     
'Go for it.'     
"HELLOOOOOO!!!" Talia shouted from the top of her lungs. "ANYONE OUT THERE!?"     
Liseli couldn't believe this. Shouldn't they be sneaky? 'That was stupid.'     
'You don't seem to have a better idea,' Talia responded irritably.     
They waited and waited, and minutes passed. Nothing happened.     
Talia's patience was running thin. 'Should I just summon my energies and emit light like a beacon?'     
'How about you climb a tree?' Liseli asked.     
'Why would I do that?'     
'To get an aerial view. It's a cold night. Maybe we can see the light or smoke.'     
Talia had to admit that this made sense. 'OK. Let's pick a tree…'     
###Chapter 966: Tea with a Guardian
Chapter 966: Tea with a Guardian
Talia got down from the tree dejectedly. She climbed all the way to the top and looked in every direction, but there was nothing she could see other than trees and rocks and mountains in the distance.         
'This confirms we are in the area where Guardians are,' Liseli said. 'Their territory is North of the Dark Howlers pack, and there are no towns for miles from where they are.'     
'That's not helping,' Talia said dejectedly.     
If her senses were messed up, there was a possibility that a bustling town was right there, yet she couldn't see it.     
Talia released a long breath and leaned against a tree. She was tired, mostly mentally.     
Now what? She regretted coming here on a whim. She didn't know where she was, or how to get out of there, or where Damon was. It was hopeless. Should she just start walking randomly and hope it was in the right direction?     
Talia's ears perked up when she heard crunching sounds. An animal?     
"I thought you would come to us through the portal," a familiar male voice reached Talia, and she squinted at the shadow until a ray of moonlight hit him.     
Talia's heart rate shot through the roof. It was Declyn.     
He stopped when he was only a few steps away from her and regarded her with curiosity. "It's good that I came to investigate the energy surge; otherwise, you would be lost for a long time. How did you get here?"     
Talia was confused. He didn't seem surprised she was there, and he didn't look hostile either. She told herself to keep her guard up.     
Declyn mentioned an energy surge. 'Was he talking about her teleportation?', Talia wondered. That was almost an hour ago! Or maybe this environment also messed up with her perception of time.     
"Does it matter how I got here?" Talia asked.     
"It doesn't. But it matters WHY you are here."     
Talia didn't like his relaxed way of talking. But then she remembered James' words. The Guardians see themselves as above others, and they are not aware of Talia's abilities. He didn't see her as a threat, and she should use that.     
Talia hugged herself. "I'm cold. Is there a place I could have hot cocoa?"     
Declyn smiled and gestured in the direction from where he came. "I can offer you tea."     
…     
Talia was sitting in a small cabin. There was a square-shaped table with four chairs around it and a worn-down three-seater sofa on the side. The kitchen had only a few necessities, and everything looked old, but the fire crackling in the fireplace gave it a cozy feel. Based on the blankets and the scent of bread, Talia guessed that Declyn lived here.      
A narrow staircase led up to a loft that appeared to be used as a bedroom.     
Declyn placed a steaming mug on the table in front of Talia and sat on the opposite side of the table, his inquisitive gaze never leaving her face as he sipped from his mug.     
"It smells funny," Talia said after taking a sniff of the tea that was brewed with some mix of herbs.     
Declyn took the mug from her hands and drank from it. "It's not poisoned."     
He put the mug back in front of her.     
"How do I know you are not immune to the poison?"     
Declyn shrugged. "If I want to harm you, I don't need to make you drink anything."         
Talia thought about how that made sense.     
She took a sip and frowned. It was bitter.     
"Do you want sugar?" Declyn guessed.     
Talia refused. "No, it's fine."     
Talia thought how this was ridiculous. Rogues were attacking, Damon, Yasmin, and two babies were missing, and here was Talia, drinking tea with a Guardian.     
She looked at Declyn whose expression was unreadable. Talia remembered him as a cheery guy who was overly enthusiastic about getting her to use the Sphere of Power again, but now he was serious to the point of making her uncomfortable.     
Declyn cleared his throat before asking, "Will you tell me what brings you here, Alpha Natalia?"     
"Some people are missing."     
"And you came here to look for them?"     
Talia bit her lower lip. How much should she tell him? "One of them has a tracker which pointed me in this direction."     
"Must be a powerful tracker."     
"It is," Talia said. "So? Will you tell me where Damon is? Do you also have Yasmin and her babies?"     
"I don't have anyone."     
"Are you saying that they are here on their own?"     
"No. I said that I don't have them. Every Guardian has a mind of his own. Why don't you go back and save yourself from trouble?"     
"Should I thank you for the advice? I have reason to believe that my mate is here, and I have no intention of leaving without him. Will you take me to him?"     
Declyn tilted his head and smiled. "If that's what you want."     
'Is it that easy?' Talia asked Liseli.     
'He doesn't seem to be lying.'     
"Yes. That's what I want," Talia responded.     
"Do you want to finish your tea first?"     
Talia grimaced. "Not really."     
Declyn didn't comment. He gulped down tea from his mug, stood up, and led the way outside.     
Talia was not sure what to think of Declyn as they walked through the forest in silence.     
"You won't ask me more questions?"         
"Should I?" Declyn responded with an answer.     
"Can I ask you questions?"     
"Go ahead."     
"Where are we?"     
"Canada."     
Talia pressed her lips into a line. That was such a generic answer. "Is this the base of the Guardians?"     
"It is one of the places where we stay."     
"Am I trespassing?"     
Declyn shook his head. "We are not werewolves or humans to draw borders and start wars when someone crosses that imaginary line. For us, everything is our territory."     
"Dex?" Talia called the name by which she knew him. "You said that you expected me to come through the portal."     
Declyn waved, indicating that he didn't want to talk about it, but he still responded with, "Gregory's idea."     
Talia's insides tightened at the thought of Gregory. That was the Guardian who caused her to go into heat, and Talia heard that Gregory wanted to take her away at that time and do who-knows-what, and he would if Keith was not there to prevent it.     
"Where would that portal take me?" Talia asked.     
"To the main house."     
Talia was getting frustrated. Why was he giving her short answers?     
"Dex? Can you tell me about the situation here?"     
Declyn turned to look at Talia. "I believe you are aware of the situation. If you are not, that's probably for the best." And then he continued walking. "I offered you to leave, and you refused. Now… it's too late for that."     
Talia wondered, what did he mean by it?     
"Is Damon with Gregory?"     
"I assume so," Declyn said.      
"Will he harm him?"     
Declyn took his time to answer this one. "I'm not sure."     
Talia pressed her lips into a line. She would feel better if Declyn said that Damon was safe, even if it was a lie.     
"Dex? You mentioned the main house. Where is it?"     
"Ahead," Declyn responded.          
"Are you taking me there?"     
"Almost."     
Two steps later, some noise from the front got Talia's attention.     
Her insides somersaulted when she saw Damon there. He was in a small clearing and didn't seem to be harmed.     
Talia was about to call Damon's name when Declyn's hand covered her mouth.     
"Wait here and observe," Declyn said. "If you promise not to make noise, I will let you go."     
Talia didn't want to wait for anything. Damon was right there!     
'Something is wrong with mate!' Liseli shouted in Talia's head. 'I can't reach him, and the bond is weak. I think they are blocking it.'     
Talia realized that Liseli was right. She couldn't reach Damon through their mind link.     
Without knowing what was happening, Talia decided to cooperate. For now.     
She nodded in agreement, and Declyn removed his hand.     
"He can't see you. He can't hear you. Not until the trial is done," Declyn said in a low voice.     
Talia's brows came together. Damon can't see her? Can't hear her? Wasn't that like Cassandra's prophecy? Was it happening now!? And did Declyn say, trial?     
A sense of crisis gripped Talia's heart when she spotted Gregory behind Damon, and there was one more person. It was a female tied to a tree, and Damon was approaching her slowly. Damon extended his hand and cupped her cheek gently.     
What the hell was going on there?     
###Chapter 967: Gregory's trial
Chapter 967: Gregory's trial
Damon struggled to open his eyes, and his mind was blurry. What the hell happened? Where was he? His body weighed a ton.         
The place smelled strange. That was not his study and not the packhouse.     
He groaned while squinting to observe a well-lit room.     
Damon was on the floor of a room that had two long sofas with small circular tables on each side, a fireplace, and a long coffee table, and Damon spotted a man sitting on a sofa chair and staring at him with an arrogant expression.     
Gregory.     
Damon never met the man, but he knew him because Talia shared mental images from the time she went into heat.     
Damon shook his head to get out of the mental haze.     
'Old guy?' Damon called to his wolf.     
'There is numbing poison in your system.'     
Damon was alerted. 'Poison?'     
'It doesn't seem deadly, but it put you to sleep and is affecting me as well. Stay alert. I don't trust this guy.'     
Damon agreed. He didn't trust Gregory either.     
"Are you awake now?" Gregory asked. "Take your time, Alpha Damon, we are not in a rush. We didn't get introduced properly. My name is Gregory."     
"I know who you are," Damon responded.     
Gregory smiled. "Good. Then we can skip introductions."     
"Why am I here?"     
Gregory tilted his head. "As you probably know, I have a special interest in Natalia Moonrider."     
Damon growled lowly, and Gregory lifted his hand, indicating to Damon to calm down. "Now, now. There is no need for excessive hostility. I mean you no harm, and I definitely don't mean any harm to Natalia."     
"Is that why you drugged me and kidnapped me?"     
"I didn't drug you. It was your housekeeper."     
Damon felt like someone had stabbed him in the heart. Surely, Gregory was messing with him. Right? "Stephanie?"     
"You should be more cautious about who serves you food, Alpha Damon. There are more things than wolfsbane and silver that can take out an Alpha."     
Damon snorted as he pushed himself up. The room started spinning, and Damon stumbled to fall on the sofa. How undignifying. Damon gripped the edge of the sofa to maintain a seated position because everything was spinning.     
"Don't rush. It will take a while for your body to recover. You are lucky your wolf is so strong, or you might be out for days. Or longer."     
Damon was alerted. "How long am I here?"     
Gregory shrugged. "A few hours?"         
Damon could see it was dark outside. Oh, no. Talia! She will be worried sick. Damon tried mind-linking her, but it didn't work. He put his hand over his chest. Why did it feel like their mate bond was weak?     
'Sapa?' Damon called. 'What's going on with our mate bond? Is Talia in danger?'     
'I'm not sure,' Sapa responded. 'The bond is there, but I believe something is obstructing it.'     
Damon narrowed his eyes at Gregory. "Why am I here?" He thought that the Guardians might imprison him or maybe even kill him, but he was not restrained in any way, and Damon could feel his energy returning by the minute as the poison was cleared from his body.     
"As I said, I have a special interest in Natalia Moonrider," Gregory said.     
Damon's jaw tightened. "You showed that in the Blue River pack."     
Gregory shook his head. "That was unfortunate. I meant no harm. At that time, I was surprised to find out how special she was. In the end, didn't you benefit from your mate going into heat? Is she pregnant now?"     
Damon had no intention of answering any of those. "Is that why you brought me here? To discuss my mating ritual?"     
"Of course, not."     
"Why am I here?"     
"Alpha Natalia is a special existence, and she deserves the best. Don't you agree?" Gregory asked and continued without waiting for Damon's response, "I want to make sure you are the right man for her."     
Damon was sure that his ears malfunctioned. "Talia is my mate. Our bond is proof that I am the ONLY man for her!"     
Gregory was not phased by Damon's rising hostility. "That's just a bond that a Moon Goddess decided on before you were even born. Think of it like an arranged marriage. Sure, it can work, but it can also be a horrible match if let's say…" Gregory narrowed his eyes at Damon. "One of the two is sleeping around."     
Damon paused. "What?"     
"Are you going to deny your debauchery, Alpha Damon? Everyone knows about your endless conquests. The only thing people don't know is the exact number of women who you had sex with. Is it two hundred? Three hundred? More?"     
Damon thought how this was ridiculous. "Since I've met Talia, she is the only one for me."     
Gregory smirked. "Are you sure about it?"     
Damon found himself unable to lie as he remembered… "That was one time. I didn't understand the bond and how important…"     
"Don't you think you are too old for excuses?" Gregory interrupted Damon. "No one will deny all the good things you did, but you can't ignore how much you hurt Natalia. Over and over again. You say it's one time, but I'm not sure if that includes only you sleeping with the daughter of Beta from the Red Moon pack. Will you deny that you had Cassie and Marcy in your packhouse together with Natalia? I can't imagine what the poor girl went through. You organized a pack run to announce your Luna, but it seems that until the last moment, you were not sure if that would be Marcy or Natalia."     
"I was under the effect of..."     
"Yes, yes," Gregory interrupted him. "I'm sure you have excuses ready but none that could erase the fact you hurt Natalia. You can slip once and say it was an accident, maybe twice. However, your behavior is showing a pattern where you are acting on your own selfish impulses without regard for your mate."     
Damon's nostrils flared, and he wanted to punch Gregory's smirk away, but there was the point of Damon's strength recovering, and Gregory was technically not wrong, and… how did he know that much?     
Gregory cocked an eyebrow at Damon. "Did I miss any?"     
"It is not on you to decide if I am the right man for Talia or not," Damon said grimly.     
"Let's agree to disagree on that one. You can think of me like a concerned parent."         
"Why don't you cut the bullshit and tell me what you really want?"     
Gregory nodded in approval. "I heard you are a man who prefers acting compared to talking. Prove that you will do whatever you can to cherish Natalia, and I will step aside."     
"That easy?"     
"That easy."     
Damon was not in the mood to play games, but did he have a choice? "Alright. Tell me what your test is."     
…     
Damon followed Gregory outside into the forest.     
The crunching of the undisturbed snow under their feet made Damon unsettled as he realized he was far from home.     
"Where are we going?" Damon asked.     
"You will see," Gregory responded mysteriously. "I'm sure you noticed that your senses are off."     
Damon thought it was due to the poison, but now that he checked again, his body was feeling fine, yet everything else was off. It was like he was in a drunken stupor, with everything feeling distant and dull, even though it was right within his reach.     
Damon turned to see the building they had just left, but the only thing he could see were trees and darkness. Did they conceal it with enchantment?     
"The environment provides us with a natural defense against intruders," Gregory said. "Your task will be to save Natalia and take her out of her safely."     
Damon was alerted. "What did you say? Talia is here?"     
Gregory turned to Damon and gave him a meaningful look before gesturing toward the clearing ahead.     
Damon blinked a few times to verify if his eyes were playing tricks on him.     
Without waiting for Gregory to say anything, Damon moved toward the female who was tied to the tree.     
Damon would run to Talia and untie her, but his instincts told him something was off.     
Damon couldn't feel the bond pulling him toward her, but his bond was not pulling anywhere.     
She didn't carry the scent of citrusy sweet freesia. He didn't pick up any scent at all.     
Things didn't seem right, but that was Talia looking at him pitifully.     
"Kitten?" Damon called when he was only one step away from her. How did she get here? Did the Guardians kidnap her? Bastards tied her to a tree!     
Damon extended his hand and put it on her cheek. "It's OK. I'm here now."     
She leaned into his touch. "Save me, Damon. Let's get out of here."     
Damon's insides tightened. That was Talia's voice.         
###Chapter 968: The power of darkness [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 968: The power of darkness [Bonus chapter]
Damon's hand slid slowly down her cheek, and he wondered if his messed up senses caused him not to feel the sparks of their bond.         
His fingers paused above the mark on the left side of her neck.     
That was his mark right there. He spent countless hours awake, staring at it while Talia was sleeping.     
She looked like Talia, sounded like Talia, and wore his mark, but something seemed off. What was it?     
Damon raised his hand, and she flinched.     
"You want me to take you home?"     
"Yes," she confirmed.     
"Where is that?"     
The female paused. "To the Dark Howlers pack."     
In the next moment, Damon grabbed her neck as his expression frosted.     
She wanted to squirm out of his hold or defend herself somehow, but she was tied to the tree, and the only thing she could do was talk.     
"No, no," she squeaked. "I meant… home to… the Midnight Guardians pack…"     
Damon continued squeezing until he felt the vibrations of bones snapping under his palm.     
Her eyes widened in horror, and then her head bobbed as she breathed her last.     
"Now, now," Gregory drawled from the back. "I heard that Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack is a cruel man, but I didn't know that you would kill indiscriminately. Only a savage would kill his mate."     
"Everyone who goes against my mate and me deserves death," Damon said while turning to Gregory. "I thought my task was to leave with Talia. I didn't realize you would play dirty and use an impersonator."     
"How can you be so confident she was not Natalia?"     
Damon smirked. "Your disguising technique is good, but you can't fake a person."     
Gregory narrowed his eyes at Damon. "What if that was someone you care about?"     
"The only one I care about is Talia. Others that are close to me would know that impersonating my mate means death."     
Talia watched this from the side, and her heart expanded with warm and fuzzy emotions. Damon was overprotective and overbearing, but the truth was that he knew her well. She would never allow being used as his weakness, and she wouldn't ask him to take her home because her home was Damon.     
Declyn looked at Talia suspiciously. "How can you smile when your mate killed you?"     
"You won't understand."     
"Explain."     
Talia had no intention of engaging in chatter. She wanted to go to her mate. "Is the trial over?"     
Declyn was not sure what Gregory had prepared for Damon, but he knew that if he let Talia interfere, Gregory would change his plans. This game was for Gregory's entertainment, and once his patience ran out, Gregory would expose himself as a male willing to go to any lengths to get what he wanted. And he wanted Talia.         
"You will know once it's over," Declyn responded cryptically.     
Even the spectators from the side could see that Damon's temper was about to flare. He was done playing.     
Damon's expression hardened. "I gave you the benefit of the doubt, but I'm done. You lied to me about the rules of this charade. Did you also lie about Talia being here? Where is she!?"      
"Will it make a difference if she is here?" Gregory asked.     
"Not really. Today will be your last day either way."     
Gregory's eyes darted to his right to see Talia and Declyn there. Damon also looked in that direction, but he couldn't see anything out of place.     
"You think you can kill me? What if I told you that you can't put a scratch on me?" Gregory asked mockingly.     
Damon was about to respond, but he found himself unable to move. It was like his every muscle froze and started prickling painfully.     
"You mortals should learn your place," Gregory said in a low voice while walking unhurriedly toward Damon. "You are overconfident because you are the strongest fish in your little pond."     
Gregory grinned, exposing his teeth. "Welcome to the ocean."     
Damon groaned as his face contorted in pain. This hurt more than being stabbed with a wolfsbane-laced knife. His body bent, but he refused to fall to his knees.     
"That's it," Gregory said, and he leaned closer to Damon, his voice just above a whisper because he didn't want Talia to hear this part. "Resist. Resist with all your might. If you just give up, you will spoil my fun. I won't kill you. I will let you live so you can see Natalia standing by my side as my woman."     
Damon's eyes flashed in anger. What did the bastard say? He wanted to take Talia away? That's not happening.     
'Old guy!' Damon shouted at his wolf. 'If you have any tricks up your sleeve, now is a good time to come out clean!'     
'I'm giving you everything I can!' Sapa shouted back. 'Whatever this guy is doing, it's suppressing me to the power of a pup!'     
Damon's mind exploded. A pup!     
If anything happened to him, who would take care of Talia? Who will take care of his pup? He would love it to be a girl, cute as Talia, but he wouldn't hate it if it were a boy either.     
Will he fall here so that Talia needs to raise their child alone? There were rogues and so many other issues, and he couldn't leave Talia to deal with managing two packs without him. And then there was this old creep and his lust for Talia. Unacceptable!     
Ever since his parents died, Damon was lost in a routine of work and empty pleasures, and then Talia came and filled up all the holes he was unaware he had. Yes, he helped her leave the attic and train and learn, but he did it for himself because seeing Talia happy made him happy also. He lived for the moments when her honeyed eyes full of wonder would smile at him, and he would give anything to see that again.     
The thought of this asshole forcing himself on Talia was driving Damon to the brink of insanity.     
Anger, dejection, and helplessness mixed to form something new, and blazing heat formed in the pit of Damon's stomach, rapidly expanding to burn him alive. Unknown energies swelled and condensed, threatening to wreck his body.     
"You… fucker…." Damon squeezed through his teeth and raised his head.     
Gregory's expression flashed with surprise when he realized that Damon's eyes had turned pitch black. And it was not just eyes. There was a layer of darkness concentrating around Damon; combined with Damon's fierce expression, it made him look like the Devil himself.     
"AAAAA!"     
Damon shouted as the darkness from him exploded in all directions, causing a gust of wind that canceled everything.         
Damon heaved as he straightened his posture and his hands balled into fists, crackling with the energy he had never felt before. It was like being reborn, and it came with a sense of complete dominance over all living creatures.     
Talia stared at the scene with excitement that overtook her senses, and she didn't notice that Declyn fell to his knees.     
For Talia, this was more than Damon breaking from Gregory's influence. Talia could pick up all scents in the area and feel the trees and bushes, and there was their mate bond that filled her to the brim with admiration and love, and she just knew that her Damon was back.     
Did he finally awaken his ability? It looked like it.     
###Chapter 969: The power of darkness (cont.)
Chapter 969: The power of darkness (cont.)
'POW!'         
A solid punch landed on Gregory's face, who was too stunned to react.     
Gregory stumbled backward, and the snow didn't do much to soften his fall. He held his throbbing cheek.     
Gregory had never felt so vulnerable before, and if not for his extraordinary physique, he was confident that Damon's punch would cripple him. What the hell was going on?     
"HAHAHAHA!"     
Damon laughed crazily, drunk on the energies that coursed through this system.     
"You said I can't put a scratch on you. Did I prove you wrong, or should I punch you again?"     
Talia wanted to go to Damon, but Declyn was quick to block her path.     
"If you go there, you will be hurt," he said.     
Talia raised his gaze to meet Declyn's eyes. "Keep standing between my mate and me, and I will make sure you regret it."     
Declyn swallowed hard as he stared into Talia's silvery eyes, whose sharpness told him she meant business. He gave a small nod before moving to the side.     
Gregory couldn't believe what was happening. The surge of dark energy took away all his strength, and he felt the moment when it seeped into Damon. What the hell was that? Was it possible that Damon had the ability to cancel the Guardians' powers? "How…?"     
Damon sneered. He was about to punch Gregory again when he felt a familiar presence approaching him rapidly from his left.     
Damon turned just in time to catch Talia as she jumped on him. Her arms wrapped around his neck, and her legs dangled in the air.     
"I was so worried," Talia whined while clinging onto Damon, and she took a deep breath to fill her lungs with the scent of the forest and the dark chocolate. Her favorites.     
Damon held Talia tightly on him. "So was I. Did they hurt you?"     
Talia shook her head. "I just got here. Dex was kind enough to bring me to you. What about you?"     
"I'm fine," Damon said.     
"How did you know that was not me?"     
"She flinched. My kitten was never afraid of me."     
Talia stifled a laugh as her tense nerves loosened. Everything was better when she was with Damon.     
Talia moved to look at Damon, and she paused at the sight of his usually icy blue eyes that were completely black now.     
"Are you OK?" She asked.     
Damon smiled. "I am now."     
'Is that your ability?' Talia asked through their mind link.     
'I think so.'         
'What is it?'     
'Ass-whooping Guardians.'     
Talia stifled a giggle. Damon was cheeky, and she loved it. She loved him.     
The scent, the sparks of their bond, the connection. It was all there. It didn't matter where they were. As long as they were together, they were happy.     
"I missed you," Damon spoke into her lips.     
"I missed you more," Talia responded and closed the minuscule distance between them to savor the touch of his lips on hers. She really missed him, and she needed to feel him everywhere so that her body knew things were back how they should be.     
"Ugh," Gregory groaned while getting up, and Talia and Damon turned to look at him.     
Talia stood next to Damon, and they held hands with their fingers interlaced.     
She raised her chin while talking to Gregory, "You were testing my mate by making him think some other female was me? What were you trying to accomplish?"     
Gregory's eyes moved from Talia to Damon. She was surrounded by silvery light, and Damon had a layer of darkness around him. Her eyes glowed in silvery light, and his were completely black. They were opposites, and Gregory would admire the sight or maybe fear them if not for the fact that his plan failed.     
"He killed the female without hesitation. Didn't you see that?" Gregory spoke to Talia. "Are you not bothered by it?"     
"He killed her after confirming that was not me. Tricking an Alpha is treason and is punishable by death."     
Gregory frowned at Talia. "How can you be OK with him killing like that? She was tied to the tree, unable to defend herself!"     
"Even if she were armed and free to move, it wouldn't change the outcome," Talia responded.     
"As a Luna, you should be compassionate. Will you be so indifferent when you find out that the female in question was Yasmin from the Midnight Guardians pack?"     
Talia frowned. What game was he playing? "There is no way Yasmin would die so easily."     
Damon turned to look at Talia. "They have Yasmin?"     
Talia confirmed. "Yasmin and the twins. They disappeared from the Midnight Guardians pack. We have no evidence it was the Guardians, but no one else could pull it off."     
Damon gave Talia's hand a squeeze. "Don't worry, kitten, we will find them."     
Gregory snorted. "Do you think I will make it easy for you?"     
Damon extended his hand toward Gregory, and a wisp of darkness shot at the unsuspecting Guardian.     
Gregory groaned and clutched his chest, where the darkness disappeared. It hurt like hell. Gregory had no idea what Damon did or how he did it, but he realized that fighting against Damon would be a mistake.     
"Declyn!" Gregory shouted. "Help! Call others!" Seeing that Declyn didn't move, Gregory's eyes flashed in outrage. "Declyn! Are you rebelling?"     
"This is not my fight," Declyn said. "From the beginning, I told you that I don't approve and that it will backfire."     
"You are one of us! It's your duty to work for the benefit of our kind!"         
"Says who? You? Who made you the boss of everything?" Declyn asked.     
Gregory was considered a leader of the Guardians, but only because no one else bothered to fight for that title. And it didn't mean anything other than staying in the castle.     
Gregory frowned at Declyn. "I know you don't approve of what I did to Vincent, but it was necessary."     
Declyn's expression stiffened. "You were aware that his condition would deteriorate, yet you still went ahead to extract his memories. You expect me to listen to you? Do you think I'm stupid? Do you think that any of us is stupid? Look around. Julian, Bone, Marco, Ahmet, do you see any of them here? They all left because none wants to end up like Vin."     
Gregory couldn't believe this. "You can't do this."     
"I'm not doing anything," Declyn responded. "You can't treat us as pawns and expect us to follow your orders."     
Gregory's face darkened. He wanted to squeeze the life out of Declyn, but he was feeling so weak that he couldn't form a fist. And why were his powers not working? He knew it was related to Damon, but he didn't know when Damon's power would wear off, and then Gregory would show them who was in charge. He only needed to delay and recover.     
'Do you believe Guardians rebelled against Gregory?' Damon asked Talia through their mind link.     
'No,' Talia responded. Trusting Declyn would allow him to backstab them. Declyn didn't commit any offense that she knew about, but he didn't go out of his way to help them either. 'It would be convenient if only Gregory was the bad guy and all Guardians turned against him. It sounds too good to be true.'     
Damon approved. His kitten was cautious. 'If it sounds too good, it probably is.'     
'Let's see how much Dex will cooperate,' Talia suggested.     
'Or lead us into a trap,' Damon said.     
###Chapter 970: Reinforcements (1)
Chapter 970: Reinforcements (1)
"Do you know where Yasmin is?" Talia asked Declyn.         
Declyn shook his head. "Gregory divides tasks, and he is the only one who knows the whole plan."     
"You must have some ideas where he could keep her," Talia said.     
Declyn confirmed. "I might."     
"Was your task to bring Talia here?" Damon asked Declyn.     
Declyn shook his head. "I was to stay here and be a backup if anything unexpected happens. I knew he would make you be with another woman, so Alpha Natalia leaves you."     
"What!?" Talia snapped. This was so sinister and ridiculous that her insides churned. If it worked, Talia would be devastated.     
"Gregory knew that if we just kill Alpha Damon, you will never forgive us," Declyn explained. "That's why he was planning for your mate to be with another woman. Gregory would remove restrictions once Damon gets intimate with the other female, so you can feel the pain of betrayal, at which point you will break your mate bond, and chances of you coming to us willingly will increase."     
Talia was observing Gregory, who was just glaring at Declyn. She could tell he was angry but was he angry because Damon suppressed his powers or because Declyn was ratting on him?     
Damon didn't trust Declyn, but Gregory's anger was palpable, and he believed that Declyn didn't make it up. It was too farfetched to be a lie.     
Damon glared at Gregory. "For someone who thinks of himself as above others, you are demonstrating weak dick energy."     
Gregory was outraged. "What did you say?"     
Damon glared at Gregory. "Weak. Dick. Energy."     
"Only a child would use such crass insults."     
"Right now, you are weak as a child, so these insults are appropriate."     
Gregory growled angrily and lunged at Damon.     
Damon extended his hand just in time to grab Gregory's head and push him back with so much force that Gregory flew backward and landed unceremoniously in the snow with a groan.     
"Get up!" Damon commanded. "You were so eager to play with me. Come now. Don't make me wait."     
Damon lifted his hand that was holding Talia's and kissed her knuckles.     
"Is this the woman you want? You should know that she is taken, and coveting her guarantees you won't have an easy ending…"     
Talia didn't want to listen to their bickering. Yasmin was somewhere with her kids, their friends were facing rogues, Declyn was suspiciously cooperative, and Damon was right when he said that Gregory was weak like a human.     
'What did Damon's ability do to Gregory?' Talia asked Liseli.     
'It looks like it suppressed it. Gregory is regaining his powers gradually, and if he were not this furious, he would notice it.'     
Talia didn't like this. Gregory was a dangerous man. Should she kill him? Can one kill a Guardian?     
Declyn seemed neutral, but if she tried harming Gregory, Declyn's attitude might change. She didn't trust any Guardian, but they shouldn't kill indiscriminately either. There was a reason why most of them went to live with humans; they didn't want to act like Gods who were above others, which meant that Gregory didn't have the support of many.     
Talia got an idea. 'Can we take away Gregory's abilities how we did with Sophia and Isaac?'         
Liseli was not sure. 'There is only one way to find out.'     
Hurried steps that came as crunches in the snow got everyone's attention.     
Gregory's spirits rose, and he stumbled to his feet. "Ezra, Arthur! Help me capture these!"     
Two males helped Gregory stabilize his posture and turned to face Damon and Talia.     
Talia glanced at Declyn, who raised his hands defensively with, "I refuse to go against my people, but you have my word that I won't interfere."     
"Your word is worth nothing," Damon said. "You might as well stand next to them, so I can take you all out in one go."     
"Impudent!" Arthur shouted.     
Declyn didn't respond as he took steps away from the place where the commotion was set to start at any minute.     
"What happened to you?" Ezra asked Gregory.     
Gregory shook his head. "He hit me with something, but I will be fine after resting."     
'Damon?' Talia called through the mind link. 'Can you take those two out?'     
'I'm not sure,' Damon responded honestly. 'I am still new at this power-controlling thing.' The initial burst was fantastic, but he did it in rage, and he was not sure if he could do it again. The one with the black mist shooting out of his palm was more like an experiment.     
'What about you?' Damon asked.     
'I used most of my energy to teleport here,' Talia admitted.     
Damon looked at Talia in disbelief. 'You what?'     
Talia bit her lower lip guiltily. Was he blaming her for using her energy, or was he surprised she could teleport? There was no time for explanations.     
'Between the two of us, we can take them,' Talia said. 'Gregory is useless, and Declyn said he will stay neutral.'     
More steps were heard, and three more figures appeared.     
Talia cursed under her breath.     
Gregory puffed his chest as his confidence swelled. He pointed an angry finger at Declyn. "Do you see this? Not everyone is a traitor like you are! You want to remain neutral? There is no such thing on the battlefield. I will deal with you later!" He spoke to Ezra, Arthur, and three newcomers, "Make sure not to harm Alpha Natalia too much."     
'Can you teleport out of here?' Damon asked Talia.     
Talia's hold on Damon's hand intensified. She was not sure if she had enough energy for one. 'Even if I could, I wouldn't leave you behind. Also, I believe that Yasmin and the twins are in that castle. We need to rescue them. Our packs are under attack from rogues. Retreating is not an option. Win or fail, we will do it together.'     
Damon looked at the little woman by his side, and he let her feel his emotions through their mate bond. Pride, love, excitement, worry.     
Talia turned to look at the Moon that was up in the sky.     
'Lis, if Serena is up there, can she see us? Will she help us?'         
'She is already helping us,' Liseli said. 'Feel the energies. They are all around us. Use them as yours.'     
Talia closed her eyes and took a deep breath.     
She could feel Damon next to her and Gregory standing in front, five people moving to form a big circle around Damon and her. Declyn was further on the left… and then she felt a whirlwind behind her.     
Talia's eyes snapped open, and she turned to see several figures appearing there.     
"Luna! Alpha!" Keith shouted as he and Arya rushed toward them. Maya, Caden, Liam, and Amelia were right behind them.     
"How come you are here?" Talia asked.     
"Amelia got us here as soon as we picked up your signal," Keith said with a frown. "How can you leave us behind like that?"     
Talia shook her head, but she was glad to see them. "How are things in the pack?"     
"George is in charge of warriors. James is on top of things and communicating with other packs. As of now, our casualties are minimal," Caden responded.     
Another surge of energy was felt, and Talia saw another group appearing. It was Sandy, Tyler, Tony, Kalina, Jordan, and Lidia.     
'They were in our pack,' Maya spoke to Damon and Talia through their pack link. 'Cornelia is sending people here according to James' instructions. More are on their way. Each of us has at least one artifact to help face Guardians. We didn't come here to be captured.'     
###Chapter 971 Reinforcements (2)
Chapter 971 Reinforcements (2) 
One after another group of people teleported, revealing determined expressions of Cristian, Maddox, Tatiana, Pierce, Darla, Caleb, Mindy, Gideon, Varya, Grady, and several other high-ranking warriors from four allied packs. 
Talia turned to look at Damon, and she squeezed his hand excitedly. The feeling of camaraderie filled her heart to the brim. 'Our friends are here,' Talia said to Damon through their mind link. Tatiana, Kalina, Lidia, Daria, and Varya quickly gathered and formed a circle. Tatiana started singing, and her sisters joined her. It started low, but then their vocals picked up to twinkle and swirl, creating an ethereal tune that resonated with nature. Talia's eyes widened when she realized that energies were revolving around five Wilkow sisters and then spreading to their allies. Talia could feel it like a breeze that carried vitality. It was fantastic! "It is something that runs in their family," Tony said from the side for everyone to hear. 
Talia knew that the Wilkow family lived among humans, as loners, without a pack, yet their wolves didn't turn feral. That made them special, and this magical tune added to it. Talia took a mental note to talk to Kalina and Tanya about it later. 
Whatever boost they were getting, Talia was welcoming it. "Where are my daughter and grandkids I?" An angry voice was heard, and Talia turned that way to see the latest batch of newcomers. 
Evanora was walking toward Damon and Talia with her two helpers from the Silver Flame Coven, Serena and Freya. 
"Are these the bastards who dared to touch my bloodline?" Evanora was fuming. 
"Yes," Talia responded. "But take it easy. We still don't know where Yasmin and the kids are, so we can't kill them." 
Evanora's face was arranged in a deep frown. "We can cause them pain." 
"We all want that," Talia said, and she wished that Evanora had a mind link so they could exchange information without the Guardians overhearing them. "Now that you are here, I have no fear they will be unpunished. Let's take our time to find out as much as we can, and we can punish them based on the severity of their crimes." Talia pointed at Declyn. "That one claims neutrality, but we shouldn't turn our backs to him." 
Evanora regarded Talia for a long moment, and then she responded with a nod. Talia took that as Evanora's agreement to subdue her thirst for blood. 
More allies were a good thing, but it would be troublesome if people acted on their impulses. 
Evanora noticed that Serena and Freya were curiously observing the Wilkow sisters and their ritual, and she did the same. 
Talia was happy that Evanora didn't go nuclear. She wondered how the old witch would react once she found out that the Guardians were probably involved in gruesome experiments that included people with abilities. 
Axel arrived with the next group. 'Sorry we are late, Axel spoke to Talia through their mind link. 'We would come earlier, but three witches found their mates as we reached the Dark Howlers pack, and it caused slight delays. Evanora brought fifty-seven witches from the Silver Flame Coven. Other than the three newly mated witches, James distributed most of them to help with teleportation and as reinforcements to our warriors and allies. Evanora insisted on coming here.' 
'You are not late,' Talia responded, happy that three witches had found their mates. There was love no matter the hardships. 
Talia glanced at five Guardians, who now got closer to Gregory, obviously confused by this development. 
Talia turned to address the newcomers "Thank you for coming!" She gestured toward Gregory and his five helpers. "Creatures that call themselves Guardians captured my mate with the intention of breaking us apart. In order to lure me here, they also kidnapped Yasmin and her two babies. They are using other Alphas and rogues to attack our packs and cause disruption. I believe that Yasmin is there.. Talia gestured toward the castle that was peeking above tree canopies behind Gregory. "But until we confirm their location, we shouldn't kill them. Each of them has abilities. Those five are standing in our way, and there might be more. I ask you to help us defeat them so we can rescue hostages and ensure that women don't need to fear they will be kidnapped and used for the greed of the Guardians!" 
The Guardians were furious to hear Talia talk about them like they were not there. But they didn't miss the oddity of the Wilkow sisters, and there was something in Evanora that made them cautious. Also, in addition to Talia and Damon, there were nearly thirty more people, most of them werewolves. "Those are some big words," Gregory sneered. "Do you think you can deliver on them?" "It's the shitface!" Keith exclaimed as he recognized Gregory from the incident at the Blue River pack So far, Keith was focused on Talia and Arya, and only now he took a better look at their opponents. Gregory felt like he was about to faint from anger. "How did you call me? "Shitface!" Keith doubled down. "You heal well, old man. I need to rearrange your features again!" Gregory's expression stiffened as he remembered Keith overpowering him with ease. Arya looked at Keith apprehensively. He was energetic and full of fighting spirit, and she felt neglected. "Arya," Keith called. "Let's teach this old man a lesson together. He dared to covet our Luna." Arya liked that Keith included her. This was her chance to show that she could be useful and loyal to Talia. Maddox walked to Damon and Talia. 
"I hear you got kidnapped," Maddox said and glanced at Gregory and five other Guardians. "If I knew it's just this much, I wouldn't come. Even my pregnant mate insisted on coming because we thought you were dying." 
"Thank you for coming to my rescue," Damon responded dryly. He knew that Maddox would harp about this for years to come. 
"Anytime you are ready, we can take care of them and then go home," Cristian said from the side. 
Damon made a face. "Don't get too cocky. They are the Guardians. Remember the ones that can suppress Alpha aura? Last time your aura didn't work, you got beat by a Lieutenant." Cristian's face stiffened. Talia couldn't believe this. Was this the time for petty quarrels? Men and their egos. Everything was a competition! Talia spoke to Gregory. "What you did is inexcusable. However, if you release Yasmin and her kids unharmed, we will consider leaving you with your lives." 
Gregory didn't think that these thirty-something people were dangerous. Even without his ability, Gregory's physique put him above an average werewolf. 
The only one that worried him was Damon. However, Gregory suspected something was off with Damon. Why was he not attacking? Was that troublesome ability a one-time thing? That was a possibility. Without his ability, Damon was not an obstacle, and neither was any other person from the people gathered. 
The only thing Gregory wanted to avoid was harming Talia. But then he noticed several other females that caught his attention. There were Wilkow sisters and some other females that were not she-wolves, but he could feel they were not humans.. Now that he thought about it, why not capture all of them? 
###Chapter 972: Fighting the Guardians (1)
Chapter 972 Fighting the Guardians (1)
Gregory raised his chin confidently. "You want me to release your friend and children? Sure. I will do it if you are willing to trade."
Talia was confused. What trade? She wanted to shut him down, but this was a good chance to confirm where Yasmin was. "It seems you have something on your mind."
Gregory pointed in the direction where the Wilkow sisters were still singing. "Those five females seem interesting."
"What did you say!?" Maddox exploded. He came here to help Damon and Talia, but now it has become personal.
Tony, Grady, Jordan, and Pierce glared at Gregory, ready to punch some sense into him.
Gregory ignored Maddox and pointed at Evanora. "And the blonde gal there."
Evanora's eyebrows shot up. "Me?"
"I heard you say that those three are your bloodline. Is that your sister?"
Evanora's temper flared. "That's my daughter and grandkids!"
Gregory's interest swelled. That was a fine-looking grandmother, which confirmed that she was special. He will take her! But he was not done.
Gregory turned to Talia. "And you."
"Did I hit you too hard, and you turned delusional?" Damon growled.
"He was always delusional," Talia said.
Gregory knew that Talia and Damon wouldn't agree, but he had another agenda for talking.
Gregory could feel his abilities returning, like a battery charging slowly. If he could keep this chatter going, he might be able to activate sense-blurring restrictions.
"Seven of you in exchange for one female and two pups. What do you say? I am just covering my bases to ensure you don't come back for another intervention. After all, I am mostly interested in Natalia. Don't think that coming here in these numbers gives you an advantage. This is our land, and we are not someone you can defeat easily..."
Everyone was focused on Gregory, and no one realized at what point Keith reached there.
Keith jumped on Gregory and slammed him on the snow-covered ground. "Keep talking after I rearrange your face with my fists."
'POW!'
Keith's punch landed in the middle of Gregory's face and broke the latter's nose.
Gregory tried pushing Keith away, but Keith felt like he weighed a ton. He was not sure if his abilities were still so weak, or if Keith was immune. What the heck?
"Ezra! Arthur! Simon! Why are you standing there!?" Gregory shouted at the Guardians, who were staring at the scene in disbelief.
They tried using their abilities, but it all went through Keith like he was not there, confusing them further.
"Arya!" Keith shouted. "Are you coming? Don't tell me later how I'm excluding you!"
'POW!'
Another heavy hit landed on Gregory's face.
"Leave me some!" Arya exclaimed while running to Keith, and then the area exploded into a mass-fight.
Several Guardians wanted to block Arya and pull Keith away from Gregory, which caused (non-pregnant) werewolves to jump into the fray, and witches started chanting from the side.
Punches, kicks, spells, and Alpha auras clashed with the resilient bodies of the Guardians, whose abilities had limited effect due to the ancient artifacts everyone wore. It was chaotic.
Gregory was pinned on the ground and beaten black and blue by Keith and Arya.
The five Guardians stood their ground. Each of them could defeat an army in normal circumstances. But these were not normal circumstances.
The more hits were exchanged, the more confused Guardians became. Was it possible they would lose? What did that mean? An unfamiliar sensation seeped into their bones. Fear.
Damon tried using his ability to aim at the Guardians, but the success was close to nil. He remembered the sensation when his ability exploded, but that went everywhere indiscriminately. He didn't want to impact allies negatively. What were his options?
Talia wanted to hop into the fight, but Damon held her back.
"Let our friends handle this," Damon said. "All of them hold grudges against the Guardians."
Talia gave up on going there, but she couldn't help but notice, "The Guardians don't seem to get fatigued, and they are good at resisting the magic of witches." And Alpha's aura didn't affect them in the slightest.
Damon observed the same. "It will be up to us to deal the final blow. Can you help me control my ability?"
"Help you? How?"
"Do you remember what happens when we are in sync? We resonate and glow." Damon reminded her. "I think that might be the key. When we resonate, our powers amplify each other and become one. You can control it."
Talia's eyes widened, and her face exploded in fierce blush. What nonsense was he talking about? Whenever they resonated, they were naked and indulging in carnal pleasures. Did he want to get frisky here?
Damon's eyebrows shot up, and a sly smile slithered on his face. "What are you thinking about, kitten?"
He could feel her emotions, and even with all the scents mixed in the air, he would never miss that sweet citrusy scent that got amplified due to her arousal.
Talia cleared her throat awkwardly. "I was wondering how we are going to resonate. Here."
'Stop teasing mate and tell her that it's about you wanting the same thing,' Sapa growled in Damon's head.
Moments of their intimacy included Talia and Damon truly wanting the same thing, to be together, totally devoted to each other, forever.
"Let me worry about it," Damon said. "Can you control my power?"
"Yes," Talia responded with confidence. "But if you want me to target only those six Guardians, they will need to stay put. With them moving about, I will hit our allies unintentionally."
Damon's eyes moved to look at Evanora murmuring something under her breath while frowning at the fight.
"We will need your assistance," Damon said.
Evanora waved impatiently. "I know what you are going to say."
"You do?"
"You want me to take them out, but if you didn't notice, those bastards are resilient to our magic, and it has limited effect."
"I don't need you to attack them," Damon said. "Can you immobilize them? Keep them in place for a few seconds or slow them down."
"Spells affect a specific area," Evanora said. "I can make it big, but that will trap everyone in it."
Damon pursed his lips. If it's an area, they have six Guardians and a lot of allies to account for. He thought of something. "Do you have a spell that immobilizes the body but leaves the mind intact?"
"Yes. What are you planning?"
"Fight like this will be won by the one who has more stamina, and things don't look optimistic for us. We need to divide tasks, so each of us uses our strengths. That's the only way," Damon explained. "You keep them down, Talia and I will weaken their powers, and our allies will beat them into submission."
Talia looked at Damon with stars in her eyes. She loved when Damon strategized. It was sexy.
Evanora agreed with Damon's plan. "We will need to prepare the area in advance."
"Give us a signal when you are ready, and we will notify allied units to step away from the Guardians."
"Serena, Feya!" Evanora called her helpers. "Tell others to prepare for Suprinio Impairitus."
Serena and Freya quickly scurried to talk to the other witches present, and Evanora spoke to Damon. "Once the area is ready, we will need to lure Guardians there."
Damon's and Talia's eyes lost focus, and they spread the word for everyone who could hear them to follow the plan and to tell others who didn't share their mind link.
###Chapter 973 Fighting the Guardians (2)
Chapter 973 Fighting the Guardians (2) 
Damon and Talia moved to the center of the area where Evanora's spell would be the strongest. "You want us to be caught in the spell with the Guardians?" Talia asked apprehensively. The idea of being stuck and unable to move was unsettling. Damon confirmed. "To use our abilities, we don't need to move." Talia looked around. Humanoid and wolf shapes moved so quickly that they formed blurs. Kicks, punches, and growls were gruesome. 
It was strange that there was so much noise and commotion around them, yet when she locked eyes with Damon, everything faded, leaving just the two of them. 
They were faintly aware of the fight surrounding them, but they felt like spectators in a virtual reality that couldn't harm them. 
"Damon?" "Hmm?" "How are we going to resonate?" By now, Talia guessed they wouldn't be getting frisky. "Open your bond, kitten. Let me feel you and feel me in return." "Will that work?" Damon caressed her cheek with the back of his fingers, enjoying the sensation of the sparks that prickled his skin. 
"Sapa told me that we resonate when we want the same thing. Everything I have is yours, kitten. My body, mind, and emotions included. I have no secrets in front of you. If you peel all my layers and look into my heart, you will see your name etched on it. Don't you feel the same?" 
Talia's breath hitched as she could feel his sincerity. There was a time when she would sneak glances at Damon and think he was out of her league, but now she knew they were mates, and he accepted her unconditionally as his equal. More than equals, Damon worshiped her just as she worshiped him. 
"I do," Talia responded. 
Damon smiled and looked at her with an intensity that made her hairs stand on ends. The air around them changed as the energies became thicker as if the universe was pulling them to get closer to each other. 
"That's it, kitten. Feel how much I adore you. There will never be any other woman in my life. Only you. I am yours. Completely. If we are separated, I will not stop searching for you. If anyone dares to come between us, I won't hesitate to kill. I will do anything to be with you and treat you well, as my other half, as my everything." 
Talia stared at Damon's icy blue eyes that were turning darker by the second as his sweet words and promises mixed with horrific threats, and she had never heard anything so beautiful in her life. His hands tightened around her, and she could feel his heat seeping into her system. By the time he finished talking, Damon's eyes were completely black, like bottomless voids that didn't reflect the silvery glow that pulsated from Talia. 
He held her hands into his and their fingers interlaced. 'That's it, kitten. We are doing it,' he spoke through their mind link 
Silvery light glowed with Talia at its center, being abruptly cut where it met Damon's darkness as they formed a perfect sphere that was half silver and half black. 
Talia became aware of the bodies around them, and she was not sure if they slowed down their movements or if she imagined it. She identified six Guardians with ease. Gregory was struggling under Keith and Arya, and there were Ezra, Arthur, and three others. 'What should I do with them?' Talia asked Damon, who now completely disappeared in the cloud of his darkness, but their bond told her he was right there. 'Do your worst. I've got your back,' Damon said with amusement in his voice. 
He remembered that Cassandra had a prophecy of Talia being a bringer of calamity, and he was glad to contribute to it. As long as it was with Talia, Damon was game. Sophia and Isaac were idiots to discard Talia over some vague prophecy, and Damon was determined to punish everyone who ever harmed Talia. 
Evanora and the witches had difficulty focusing on their spell when Damon and Talia were doing their black-and-white spectacle in the middle, which caused energies to spark everywhere. 
"Keith!" Maddox shouted as soon as he shifted into his human form. "NOW!" 
They felt that they were at a disadvantage with the fight dragging and were happy to hear Damon and the witches came up with a plan on the spot. Now only to confirm if it will work. 
Keith grabbed Gregory by his collar and flung him into the area where witches' magic was pulsating in an unstable rhythm. 
Gregory fell hard and groaned. His vision was blurry, his ears were buzzing, and he wondered if that was due to the pain that wrecked his insides. It shouldn't be like this. The Guardians were at the top of all creatures for a reason. Their origins could be traced from the beginning of time. They had abilities and centuries of wisdom and experience. How could a handful of fledglings beat them for this degree? 
A sense of crisis gripped Gregory's heart when he realized that his five Guardians were also nearby, all moving in slow motion. 
Gregory wanted to get up, but the gravity increased several folds. It took him a moment to notice the unusual ball of two energies that emitted a faint buzzing sound. 
Witches and werewolves formed a circle around the area that was affected by the slowing spell, and they stared at the spectacle that Damon and Talia caused. No one saw anything like it. 
The light and dark energy seeped into each other without mixing, like they were trying to overpower the other, and the whole ball started spinning so quickly that it created a grayish blur. 
The snow melted at a speed visible to the eye, and then leaves and branches started rising off the ground. 
"Ah... ah!" Gregory cried when he realized that his energy was leaving him and moving toward the energy ball and other Guardians groaned. 
"No, no!" Ezra shouted while trying to grasp a purple wisp that emerged from his chest, but his hands just went through it. 
The ball of energy buzzed and pulsated, and then it just faded into nothing to reveal Talia and Damon holding each other while locked in a kiss. Talia's hair was silvery, just like her eyes, and Damon's eyes were the definition of darkness. "Good job, kitten," Damon spoke into her lips. "How did you know it would work?" "Sapa told me." 'I did not!' Sapa protested in Damon's head. 'Shush, old guy! It's more reliable if she thinks it was your idea.' If he told Talia that he was playing by the hunch, she might be upset for taking the risk Sapa snorted. 'As long as you know.' Damon and Talia were both high on energy and drunk on the love they had for each other. Damon thought of asking, "How is our pup?" "I think she just grew a bit." Damon cocked an eyebrow. "She?" "It's not confirmed, but I thought of calling her she." Damon clicked his tongue. "Just when I accepted the idea of having a boy." Talia was smiling so widely that her cheeks were hurting. "No matter what it is, we will have more. A few boys and a few girls. What do you say?" Damon pressed her harder against him. "You won't hear any complaints from me.." 
###Chapter 974: The dungeon (1)
Chapter 974: The dungeon (1)
Damon stared into Talia's silvery eyes while enjoying the tender emotions mixed with the passion that flooded his senses through their mate bond. By embracing Talia, his whole world was in his arms, and it was wonderful.         
"You are expecting a child?" Gregory asked in disbelief.     
Damon's expression stiffened, and he turned to glare at Gregory. How dares that nobody interrupt their lovey-dovey time? And why was he eavesdropping?     
With a flick of Damon's finger, a ray of darkness hit Gregory in his arm.     
As their abilities resonated, Damon and Talia got a better understanding of their powers and how to use them. It was right there but hidden at the back of their minds.     
Damon now understood the nature of his ability. It was a manifestation of his numerous fights and desire to be left alone. The darkness he carried could cancel other people's energies to the point of stopping time and accelerating aging.     
Talia was pure and full of light, while Damon was dirty and shrouded in darkness. Her ability could heal, and his would cause rotting.     
They were opposites that coexisted in perfect harmony.     
"Don't you dare talk casually to my mate!" Damon squeezed through his teeth.     
Gregory's eyes were full of horror as he stared at his arm, which was turning gray as the flesh was drying out. His nose was broken, he was covered in bruises, and his face was swollen like a swarm of bees attacked him, but this was terrifying.     
"What is this?" Gregory asked in disbelief. "Make it stop!"     
"Where is Yasmin?" Talia asked.     
"In there..." Gregory cried while pointing at the castle. "Third floor. Make it stop!"     
"Who else are you keeping there?" Talia continued probing.     
Gregory shook his head frantically. "It's Yasmin and two kids. We only held them inside. There are three more Guardians, maybe four, and people in the dungeon."     
Talia waved her hand, and a ray of silvery light shot into Gregory's arm.     
Gregory stared at his arm, which became blissfully numb as the flesh was regrowing. He lifted his head in slow motion toward Talia.     
"How are you related to Astraea?" Gregory rasped.     
Talia paused. "How do you know her?"     
"Ha… ha… ha…" Gregory laughed in slow motion. "No wonder you are so powerful. Why did it take me so much time to figure it out?" He looked at her crazily. "You belong with us."     
Damon growled. "No one tells my mate where she belongs!"     
Talia leaned on Damon. He was possessive, protective, and sexy.     
"Don't allow a nobody to upset you," Talia said and turned to look at Gregory. "Without his powers, he is like a human. I wonder at what rate he will age."     
Gregory's eyes widened. "What?"     
Gregory tried sensing his energies, but there was nothing. Only then he became aware of the excruciating pain that wrecked his body.     
"What did you do? Give it back!" Gregory shouted at Talia.         
Talia ignored him. She spoke to Axel. "You heard the man. Yasmin is in there, on the third floor. Focus on your bond and find her. Take a few people with you in case you bump into more guardians."     
"I will go with him," Evanora volunteered. She was curious about Talia's and Damon's abilities and the Wilkow sisters, but it was more important to find Yasmin and confirm that they were unharmed.     
Serena, Feya, Sandy, Tyler, Varya, Grady, and a few more people volunteered to go with Axel and Evanora in search of Yasmin.     
"Can you not kill them? I will have a few questions for them." Evanora said while gesturing toward six Guardians lying on the ground helplessly. They were all drained of energy after Talia and Damon took away their powers.     
Talia confirmed that they wouldn't kill them. But what should they do with them?     
"Others won't cause problems," Declyn said while approaching the crowd. "Whoever was loyal to Gregory answered his summons to come to his aid and face you."     
"That doesn't mean they won't be dangerous," Caden said.     
Declyn shook his head. "None of us is disturbed by everyday matters. I believe that today's overwhelming win was mostly because these six people didn't expect that anyone could endanger them."     
"That's close enough!" Damon growled at Declyn.     
Declyn stopped advancing, and he raised his hands. "I mean no harm."     
Maddox snorted. "For someone who doesn't mean no harm, you took the role of a spectator when one side wanted to take females of the other. If you have a shred of decency, you would see that your comrades were out of line, and you would act on it."     
"Fair enough," Declyn said. "Now what?"     
Talia responded. "I want you to tell your people that we won't pursue them if they leave us alone. If we hear that you are meddling in our affairs, you should expect to end up like those six. I won't think twice before removing your abilities and turning you into mortals."     
Declyn nodded in agreement. Some of his acquaintances would probably welcome that as they wished for death that was not coming. "How are you related to Astraea? We didn't see her in a very long time."     
"She was my mother."     
Declyn's eyebrows shot up. "Was? Why are you talking about her in the past tense?"     
Talia's breath hitched. "Are you saying she is alive?"     
"Our kind can't die. We will move across different planes, but our spirits are too strong to dissipate, and we maintain our consciousness. You can find more information in the library on the second floor of the castle."      
Talia wondered if Declyn was talking about the spirit moving on after the body was damaged. Various religions and cultures called it in different ways, but they all agreed it was a one-way transition unless one believed in reincarnation.     
No one knew what to do with the six guardians. Tony suggested they put them in the dungeon until they figured out their next steps, and Damon supported the idea.     
Damon and Talia were leading the group toward the dungeon.     
The stench of rotten flesh and bodily fluids hit them hard from afar.     
"You can wait outside," Damon told Talia.     
"No, I am fine," Talia responded. It didn't seem fair for her to skip this. If she stayed out of it, Damon would accompany her, and they were the only ones fully equipped to deal with the Guardians.     
Most of the cells were empty, and they found one for each newly imprisoned Guardian. Gregory and his five supporters had no strength to resist when thrown inside.         
"Astraea's daughter…" Gregory breathed. "Our female is alive and expecting a child. It's a glorious day."     
Talia's insides churned, and she wished for an off button so she doesn't hear him anymore.     
Other than Gregory's crazed babbling, the dungeon was silent. Didn't Declyn say there were people inside?     
Talia moved from one cell to another to peer inside through heavy bars invaded by rust, and she saw traces that someone was there, but it was a long time ago.     
Eventually, she found someone. It was a male. His clothes were in tatters, and his emaciated body was dirty, but he was alive.     
'Lis?'     
'He is a Guardian,' Liseli responded.     
Talia held onto the door and was surprised to see it was not locked.     
"They didn't bother locking it because no one could escape from here," Damon shared his thoughts.     
"Hello?" Talia called while stepping inside.     
The male lifted his head and blinked at her. "Who are you?"     
"My name is Talia. What's your name?"     
He licked his dried lips. "They call me Ed."     
###Chapter 975: The dungeon (2) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 975: The dungeon (2) [Bonus chapter]
"Why are you here, Ed?" Talia asked while standing at the door of the cell.         
His brows came together. "I forgot."     
"Whatever he did, it was a grave offense considering that the Guardians locked up one of their own," Damon said. He was right behind Talia.     
Ed nodded. "Gregory was not known for tolerance."     
Talia relaxed at Ed's words. At least he was not friendly with Gregory, and that should be a good thing. But can she just release him? What if he is a mass murderer? The fact that Ed crossed Gregory, who was a bad guy, didn't mean that Ed was a good person.     
Ed's leg was shackled to the wall, and she guessed it must be something special to prevent him from escaping.     
"Did I hear that right? Astraea's daughter is here?" Ed asked. He couldn't see outside, but he heard everything.     
"Did you know her?" Talia asked.     
He smiled a little. "Who didn't know her?" He gestured to the right wall. "Even that poor bastard talks about her, and he is not one of us."     
Talia turned to the right. It was the direction she didn't visit yet. "Are there more people here?"     
"Who knows? It's been many years since we ran out of things to say. Other than Gregory, no one else visits us. I think they forgot we are here, yet the barriers are still keeping us trapped. Humans and other weak creatures died of hunger and old age. I don't even know if Val is alive."     
Talia's eyes widened. "What did you say? The man there is called Val?"     
She told herself not to get excited, but she couldn't help it.     
Before Ed responded, Talia went to the right and anxiously observed the next cell. It was empty.     
But there was one more door, and she moved there.     
Talia's heart dropped to her stomach when she saw a skeleton on the floor. She pushed the door open and stepped inside.     
"You don't know who that was," Damon said. Based on Talia's grief, he guessed that she was mourning her father. Again.     
Damon cursed that Ed person for giving Talia hope only to be crushed like that.     
"Who else could it be?" Talia asked. "We know Valerian was facing big opponents, and those could only be the Guardians. They captured him and held him here, and… he died." Talia went down to her knees, and she reluctantly touched the skeleton. She shook her head. Why did she think that something would happen? It was just a pile of bones.     
"We should bury him," Talia said and raised her head to meet Damon's concerned gaze. "Valerian Moonrider should be buried in the Midnight Guardians pack."     
"I'm not dead yet," a raspy voice grumbled in the cell.     
Talia's eyes sprung open wide to form perfect circles, and she jumped on Damon, who was quick to catch her.     
Talia clung to Damon like a koala while staring at the skeleton. Did it talk? That was NOT normal! Should they call an exorciser?     
"Hello?" Talia called.     
"I'm over here…"     
Talia turned to see a shadow curled up in the corner. Even with her enhanced sight, the only thing she could see was an outline. Was that due to the restrictions the Guardians placed here? It didn't matter. The point was that there was another person in the cell, and Talia completely missed his presence. Or was that a ghost?         
"You… you…" Talia stuttered as her heart started beating in her ears. "Who are you?"     
"Those are not my bones."     
'Lis?' Talia called.     
Liseli realized what Talia wanted to know. She wanted to know if the shadow in the corner was her father, but Liseli didn't have a definite answer. 'I can tell you that's a werewolf. Considering that he is alive despite his poor state, he is an Alpha.'     
"Are you Valerian Moonrider from the Midnight Guardians pack?" Damon asked, unable to wait anymore.     
"And you are…?"     
Damon wondered if the guy had just confirmed it. It seemed like it. "I guess… I'm your son-in-law."     
The shadow groaned as the man tried to push himself up, and Talia rushed there to help him.     
He paused to stare at Talia with his honeyed-colored eyes that were still full of life despite his haggard appearance.     
"Natalia? Is that you?"     
Talia's eyes filled with tears when she recognized the voice. It was a bit raspy, but she had heard it before, in the message recorded in the necklace.     
She noticed that his leg was chained.     
"Help him, Damon."     
Damon got there and observed an iron fetter that circled a skinny ankle. It was just skin over bones. How was this man alive?     
Damon dispersed any unnecessary thoughts, and he focused on Talia's whirlwind of emotions.     
"Calm down, kitten. We will get him out of here."     
Damon's fingers slipped inside the fetter, and he used his dark energy to corrode it before it snapped open like it was a children's toy.     
…     
On the third floor of the castle...     
Axel and Evanora entered a room to find Yasmin breastfeeding Valeria while maintaining a small flame with her magic to heat them up. Edgar was sleeping soundly by her side.     
The room was nicely furnished, but it had no heating, and it was cold. Yasmin used curtains to wrap herself and the kids to stay warm.     
Serena, Feya, Sandy, Tyler, Grady, and Varya also entered the room.     
They were all happy that Yasmin and the twins were safe.     
After one minute of happiness, Evanora chid Yasmin in a hushed voice so she doesn't wake up Edgar, "Why did you allow yourself to be captured? Didn't I teach you to escape? My daughter is not a victim of these scoundrels. You could at least notify someone you are here…"     
Yasmin waited for Evanora to pause to catch her breath, so she could say, "I love you too, mom. Thank you for worrying about me. They knocked me out, and when I came to it, I was here with Ed and Val. I checked outside and saw that things were covered in snow. My magic was restricted, and I didn't see how I could escape with two babies." She squeezed Axel's hand. "Besides, I was confident that my mate would come for me, so I focused on taking care of our babies."         
"You did good," Axel said while pressing his lips on her forehead.     
"How did you find me?" Yasmin asked.     
"Talia," Axel responded. "I called her when I realized you were missing, and then we found out that Damon was also gone. We were confident that the Guardians got both of you. She followed the mate bond to come here."     
Yasmin listened as Axel told her who all came, witches and werewolves, that rogues were attacking, and it was a mess.     
"We should leave," Yasmin said. It didn't feel right to sit in this room when so many others were fighting.     
Serena and Feya took one baby each to carry, and the group moved down. They didn't meet any Guardians.     
When they reached the main level, Evanora paused.     
"Mom?" Yasmin called.     
Evanora put her hand over her chest. What was this familiar feeling which tugged on her heartstrings?     
Evanora sensed it since she came here via a teleportation spell, but she thought it was due to anxiousness, or maybe the energies were leading her to Yasmin and her grandbabies, but now she realized this was different.     
"I need to check something…" Evanora said, and she moved down the hallway with urgency.     
###Chapter 976: The dungeon (3)
Chapter 976: The dungeon (3)
Talia imagined many times how it would be if she met her parents. The scene would be full of laughter and hugs, and this was different. Very different.         
Valerian was her father, but technically, he was a stranger. Would he accept her hug? Would he hug her back?      
Even if that worked out, he was so fragile-looking that she feared the slightest touch might crush him. That was far from the image of a powerful Alpha.     
'Lis? What's wrong with him?' Talia asked.     
'I don't sense any diseases. He is malnourished, and his muscles are atrophied severely. His wolf is weak also.'     
Talia's heart cracked. 'Will he be alright?' It would be cruel to finally meet her father only for him to die or to be a cripple. Or maybe she should be grateful for this reunion and not nitpick.     
'I'm not a doctor, but I believe he will recover with proper care,' Liseli responded. 'The fact that his wolf is not gone completely should be a good sign, but we shouldn't delay the treatment.'     
This made Talia a bit happier, but her heart was still tight at the sight of Valerian's sunken cheeks.     
"How are you feeling?" Talia asked Valerian. "Are you in pain?"     
He smiled a little. "You look just like your mother."     
Talia blinked. "Really?"     
"Even your expressions are the same." He looked at the door of his cell apprehensively. "How did you get here?"      
Damon cleared his throat. "We should leave. You can catch up later."     
"A bath and food and I will be in heaven," Valerian said.     
"And some fresh air, too," Damon grumbled. Talia was pregnant, and Damon didn't want her inhaling the foul stench from the dungeon.     
Valerian tried getting up, but he was too weak, so Damon scooped him into his arms.     
Valerian lowered his head in embarrassment. He was a prideful Alpha, yet this youngster was carrying him like he was a child.     
Damon was awkward about the whole situation as well, but there was no other way to take Valerian out, and Damon had no intention of letting Talia carry him.     
They paused at the sight of Evanora moving toward them as possessed.     
She stopped in front of a cell and stared inside.     
Talia covered her mouth with her fingers at the sight of Evanora's dazed expression. Why did this look like when mates recognized each other?      
"Edgar?" Evanora called in a shaky voice, unsure if she imagined it. His body was drained like he had suffered for a long time, but that was definitely the man who disappeared from her life a few centuries ago.     
Evanora didn't know that Edgar was a Guardian. She knew that he had a special constitution and that he was not a werewolf. Actually, even if he told her he was a Guardian, it wouldn't mean anything at that time. Evanora heard about the Guardians only after Yasmin and Axel met.     
He looked up, and his eyes widened. "Eva? How did you…? What…?" He couldn't finish any of his questions. He released a long breath and smiled a little. "It's good to see you, Eva." He wondered if he had finally lost his mind, but even if this was an illusion, it was a good one.     
Evanora's vision blurred with tears as she walked into the cell. That was it, the pull of the bond that soulmates are sharing. She didn't imagine it. The purity of the bond, combined with the strength of his emotions, told her that Edgar didn't betray it.     
"I thought you abandoned me," Evanora said.         
"I would never abandon you, Eva."     
She looked at his emaciated appearance and swallowed the pinch at the back of her throat. "What did they do to you?"     
He stared at her blankly. He couldn't remember how he got in there. The only thing on replay was Gregory shouting at him and the beatings.     
"Don't force it," Evanora said as she squatted next to him. "Let me help."     
She chanted in low murmurs, and the air around Edgar twirled with the freshness of a morning dew he had forgotten a long time ago. He took a deep breath of air filled with energies that had a rejuvenating effect.     
Edgar's eyes flashed as his memories resurfaced. "I'm so sorry, Eva. I knew it was a matter of time before they reached your Coven. I destroyed the portal with the intention of returning when it was safe. I didn't think they would go this far. I underestimated Gregory's anger. Did you miss me? I missed you like crazy. Thinking about our moments together helped me stay sane through this hell, and here you are…"     
Damon and Talia stared at the scene.     
'Can you free him?' Talia asked, and Damon knew what she meant.     
He moved closer to Edgar and pointed at the shackles that creaked under Damon's darkness, and the iron crumbled like someone blew at the ashes.     
"I suggest you continue catching up upstairs," Damon said.      
Gregory watched from his cell Damon carrying Valerian and Talia walking behind them, and then he saw Edgar leaning on Evanora.     
Edgar was in much better shape than Valerian, thanks to his physique as a Guardian.     
"Ed!" Gregory called. "Let me out."     
Edgar stopped to look at Gregory. The blood was drying on his face, his eyes were swollen, and his nose was twisted at an awkward angle, but that was Gregory.     
Somehow, seeing Gregory's wretched state made Edgar feel a bit better. "To think that mighty Gregory will end up here. I will let you out once you endure the hell you put me through."     
Evanora snorted. "There is no chance of that happening. He is just a human now. I give him no more than a year, assuming we feed him."     
"An appropriate punishment," Edgar said. "You always knew how to deal with people."     
Gregory didn't miss that Evanora and Edgar were too familiar with each other.     
"Who is she to you?" Gregory asked.     
Evanora sneered. "Wouldn't you want to know?"     
Edgar wanted to rub it in. "Eva is the reason why I collapsed the portals. I didn't want you to get your hands on her. She is mine and mine only."     
Gregory's eyes flashed in understanding. "I would never take your soulmate."     
"But you would go for her sisters, and that would make Eva hate me." Edgar looked at Evanora, and his expression softened. "I could endure centuries separated from Eva, but I couldn't last a day if she hated me."     
Evanora was not in the mood to flirt. Gregory made her skin crawl, and she wanted to leave. "Why are you talking to this vile man? He kidnapped our daughter and grandkids."     
Edgar's eyes widened as the whole world spun rapidly. "Daughter? Grandkids?"         
Evanora smiled. "They are upstairs. Come, let me introduce you. Yasmin always wanted to know more about you…"     
Gregory laughed manically. "You have a daughter, and she has kids? If I knew they were yours, I would take better care of them. Our kind is not doomed for failure!"     
Evanora flicked her finger, and a wisp of white light shot straight into Gregory's mouth.     
Gregory's mouth was still opening, but he couldn't form a sound. He was mute!     
Evanora looked at Edgar. "That's better. Now, let's go while I can still control my temper."     
"Yes, my dear. We have a lot of catching up to do," Edgar said and pulled her closer to him.      
He chuckled when he saw her blushing.     
###Chapter 977: Family reunion
Chapter 977: Family reunion
Talia walked by Damon's side as he carried Valerian toward the receiving room on the first floor of the castle from where the noise was coming.         
"Alpha!" Grady and Varya called in unison, and Valerian didn't miss that they were addressing Talia.     
"We checked the perimeter and secured the castle," Grady said. "People are wondering if someone should stay here or if we can return to help our allies repel rogue attacks."     
Talia was glad to see Grady and Varya. Since joining the Midnight Guardians pack, the mated couple was not idle.     
Grady already had the skills of a top-tier scout, and he quickly climbed to the rank of a Lieutenant in the Midnight Guardians pack. Varya was also a capable warrior, and people wondered how she could go toe-to-toe with other warriors when she didn't have abilities. After witnessing the spectacle the Wilkow sisters caused with their song, Talia confirmed that Varya was not a regular she-wolf.     
"Thank you, Grady," Talia responded officially. "We should get reports from our allies to understand the situation before heading back."     
Sandy was next to approach Talia. "Alpha, our pack is secure, and no disturbances are reported. Caden and Maya are on call with James and several other Alphas, and we will get their status within a few minutes. As for the situation here, Tyler is operating drones to scout the surroundings."     
"Thank you, Sandy."     
Sandy grinned and bowed.     
"Luna!" Keith and Arya called in unison when they spotted Talia, and they came to her while fussing about how she had ditched them again.     
"You are an Alpha and a Luna?" Valerian asked Talia.     
Talia paused, realizing that they didn't do proper introductions.     
"I am Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, and this is my mate, Damon Blake. He is the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, and I am his Luna."     
Valerian looked up at Damon, and he saw Talia's mark on his neck. A moment later, Valerian quickly lowered his head as he realized he was carried like a child, but there was nothing he could do about it.     
"If you don't mind, we can greet each other properly later," Valerian mumbled.     
They stepped into the receiving room, where they found Yasmin, Axel, and their babies close to the fireplace where the fire was dancing.     
Also in the room were Serena, Freya, Maya, Caden, Cristian, Mindy, Gideon, Maddox, Tatiana, Tony, Kalina, Jordan, Lidia, Pierce, Daria, and many other familiar faces. The room was huge, but with so many people, it was cramped. A small group formed a circle around Tyler who was demonstrating how to use drones.      
When they noticed Damon and Talia at the door, the clamor quieted down.     
"Lia!" Yasmin shouted. "Thank you for coming to my rescue." Her eyes moved to the man Damon was holding as she silently asked who he was.     
Talia smiled a little. "This is my father, Valerian Moonrider."     
Valerian looked at Talia helplessly. If he knew that there would be so many people to see him in this state, he would ask them to leave him in the dungeon. He was weak and dirty, and carried around. How embarrassing!     
"Can you keep me down?" Valerian asked Damon.     
Damon's eyes moved to the nearby sofa, and Jordan, Lidia, Pierce, and Daria quickly stood up to make space.     
Damon put Valerian on the sofa to sit, and Axel approached them with an unreadable expression. "Uncle Valerian?"     
Valerian looked at Axel. "I'm sorry. You are…?"     
"Axel Moonrider. My parents are Sophia and Isaac," Axel introduced himself.         
"I see," Valerian responded. His memories took him many years back, and he forgot about his embarrassing appearance. "How are they doing? Do you have more siblings? Sophia always wanted a big family. Is she helping Natalia…?" His voice trailed when he realized that Axel's expression was not good.     
"Let's talk about that later," Talia said. "We should get you some food first."     
"There is no food here," Mindy grumbled. "We checked everywhere. The Guardians seem to be running on air." She was pregnant and hormonal, and she wanted a snack, but there was nothing edible there!     
"We don't need food to sustain ourselves," a voice came from the side. It was Declyn. He was standing there quietly, and people didn't notice him. "The Guardians eat only for the pleasure of stimulating taste buds."     
"We can always hunt," Maddox said.     
"There are no animals for miles," Gideon chimed in. "Something here disturbs the balance of nature. We will need to investigate what the Guardians did, so we can pick the best course of action to revert things to how they should be."     
"Well said," Evanora said from the door. She noticed the same thing. Also, her magic was not as potent as it should be.     
"Mom!" Yasmin exclaimed, and she froze at the sight of a man leaning on Evanora. His hand was around Evanora's shoulders, but the way he held her was intimate. Evanora was many things, but she was not touchy-feely with people.     
"Yasmin," Evanora said. "This is Edgar, your father. You had so many questions about him. I guess he can answer them now."     
Yasmin's jaw fell wide open.     
"Father-in-law!" Axel exclaimed in surprise; his high-pitched voice was not manly at all.     
Talia looked at Valerian and then spoke to Damon. "I know that we should check on other packs and handle the situation here, but my father needs food and to see a doctor."     
Damon agreed. "We should take him to the Dark Howlers pack as soon as possible."     
"I can set up a teleportation diagram in half an hour," Amelia volunteered.     
Talia smiled. "Thank you, but… no need."     
Damon understood what Talia wanted to do. "Let's step out."     
"You are leaving?" Maddox asked.     
Damon exhaled in frustration. Why was Maddox acting like an abandoned girlfriend?     
But Damon knew that they couldn't leave things like this. Everyone was looking at Alpha Damon and Alpha Natalia for guidance.     
"Amelia," Damon called. "Organize witches to teleport people to their respective packs. Even if they don't go now, we will need the ability to move around quickly."      
Amelia nodded in agreement, and Damon called, "Pierce!"     
"Yes?"     
"You and Daria stay here and ensure things are stable. We don't want any other surprises from the Guardians."     
"Varya and Grady can stay also," Talia said. "If a few people from every pack can stay behind, that would be the best."     
Cristian, Maddox, and Tony quickly picked a few warriors that came with them.         
Damon approved. "We will send you food. Let us know if any other supplies are needed short term. By the end of the day, James will come up with an optimal solution."      
"Will the Guardians be involved?" Declyn asked.      
Talia confirmed. "As long as you are reasonable. You told me that only Gregory stayed here. Since Gregory is out, it would be a pity to leave this castle unused. I'm sure we can come to an agreement where we can coexist."     
Declyn didn't .     
They quickly got organized, and then Damon brought up one point. "We will need someone to be in charge." He didn't trust Declyn and the other Guardians. Everyone who stayed behind was capable, but they couldn't resist the Guardians if they decided to take over.     
###Chapter 978: Alpha and Luna are back
Chapter 978: Alpha and Luna are back
"I will do it," Evanora volunteered.         
"Are you sure?" Talia asked.     
Evanora looked at Edgar. "I reunited with my soulmate after a long time. This is Edgar's home, and we will watch over this place while catching up on what we missed. That one…" Evanora pointed at Declyn. "Can either help us or bugger off. That will apply to all Guardians."     
"This is far from home," Feya said in a small voice, and Serena nodded in agreement to Feya's words.     
"It won't be for long," Evanora responded. "How much I've heard, Amelia and Cornelia are close to opening a portal. We can open one here that connects to our Coven."     
Serena and Feya relaxed at Evanora's words, and she continued, "We can treat this as our second home. The castle is big enough to accommodate many sisters, the place is isolated, and we will need many hands to help with restoring the natural balance in this area. I believe that Alphas present will appreciate our assistance in watching over this area."     
Damon didn't trust the old witch. He was aware that Evanora was trying to hook up Talia into a mate-for-mate deal when he was under the influence of dark magic, and he didn't like it.     
Seeing that Damon hesitated to approve of Evanora's idea, Gideon spoke, "If witches are here, they will speed up the healing of nature, and we can engage in a collaboration that will be beneficial for everyone." And he could also work closely with them and learn things. It was Shaman's dream come true.     
Damon turned to Talia. "What do you think?"     
"I will support witches of the Silver Flame Coven staying here, but let's not make it permanent," Talia said and turned to Evanora. "Treat this as a probation period. You will be required to maintain a low profile and not expose your existence to humans. We expect regular communication and insight into what you are doing. We won't impose our rules on you, but we want you to maintain an open-door policy. As long as you agree with these terms and abide by them, we won't ask you to leave."     
Evanora agreed to this with, "We will need assistance from you to make this livable. Can we meet in three days?" She looked at Cristian, Maddox, and Tony in particular. "It would be good if other Alphas joined so we can discuss pressing matters. I'm sure my Coven can offer something in exchange for provisions and support. We are not warriors, and if you can assure our safety and prevent intruders, we can focus on doing our part."     
Talia didn't see problems with this. She turned to Tyler. "I will leave it to you to connect this place with other packs. We want phone and video calls without interruptions…"     
Axel and Yasmin agreed to stick around with Evanora so they could talk more with Edgar and introduce the babies.     
Damon and Talia assured everyone was on the same page, and Valerian watched the couple with a small smile. He didn't miss that several people in the room were Alphas, yet they all spoke to Damon and Talia with respect.     
After they were done talking, Damon picked up Valerian with "pardon my intrusion," and he followed Talia outside the castle.     
The morning sun was up, and the forest around them was eerily quiet.     
"Where are you going?" Keith asked as he and Arya ran toward the three people.     
"To the Dark Howlers pack," Talia responded. "As soon as Amelia finishes the teleportation diagram, you can join us. We will go to the pack hospital first."     
"How are you going?" Keith asked.     
"Do you need to ask after witnessing how we dealt with the Guardians?" Talia responded with a smile.     
Keith and Arya had matching frowns on their faces. They didn't like that Talia could just leave whenever she wanted and leave them behind.     
"Watch over our Luna," Keith said to Damon.     
Damon made a face, and if not for Keith's concern for Talia, Damon would punish him for disrespect. "She is my mate. Of course, I will watch over her."     
Once they were in a clearing, Damon stopped and turned to Talia. "You can do this. Use my energy."     
Damon's hands were under Valerian, and Talia put her hands over Damon's reluctantly. She was not sure if this would work.     
Resonating with Damon included a deep mental connection, and she wondered if she would be able to do it with Valerian between them.         
Talia realized her worries were for nothing from the moment her eyes locked with Damon's, and the world faded.     
Valerian looked at Damon, whose eyes turned black, and then at Talia whose eyes turned silver. His expression stiffened when Talia's hair turned silver. She was the spitting image of her mother.     
The winds picked up around Damon and Talia (and Valerian) in the center, and Talia focused mightily on the pack hospital of the Dark Howlers pack.     
The sounds changed as if they passed through a mile-long tunnel within a millisecond, and the winds stopped abruptly to reveal a completely new scenery.     
For the outsiders in the vicinity of the pack hospital of the Dark Howlers pack, they witnessed an unexpected gust of wind that looked like a precisely concentrated electric storm, and then three figures appeared. It happened so fast that many wondered if they imagined it as they went about their usual business.     
"Are you alright?" Talia asked Damon. She was worried that she had overused his energy. Damon felt like a bottomless pit of darkness, but there had to be a limit somewhere.     
"I'm fine," he assured her. "How about you?"     
She smiled in response and then turned to the pack hospital that was buzzing with activity. People were rushing in, and the scent of blood permeated the air.     
This reminded Damon and Talia that their pack was under attack from rogues.     
'George, James!' Damon called through the mind-link while walking into the pack hospital. 'Talia and I are back. I need a status report!'     
The waiting room was full of injured, and nurses were moving among them.     
"Alpha! Luna!" One nurse cried when she recognized them.     
Talia waved at the nurse to come over, as Damon was non-responsive with his eyes out of focus.     
"What's the situation?" Talia asked.     
"We are triaging patients and taking care of smaller injuries here. The ones who are more serious are sent upstairs for Doctor Travis to treat." She looked at Valerian. "We should get a wheelchair for him. Give me just a minute."     
"Don't worry about me," Valerian said to Talia. "I've been like this for a long time, and a few hours or days won't make a difference."     
Talia pressed her lips into a line. She didn't want her father to suffer a minute longer than necessary, but it was not right to leave all these injured people to wait.      
She got an idea. "Damon, can you help me one more time?"     
Damon blinked. "Sure. Tell me what to do."     
Talia was touched that he agreed right away. His unconditional acceptance and trust warmed her heart.     
The nurse got a wheelchair, and Damon put Valerian in it. Talia asked the nurse to wait for a moment, and then she held Damon's hand.     
The clamor in the waiting room stopped when they saw Damon and Talia lighting up to form a two-colored sphere that pulsated as the silvery light overtook the darkness. The sphere then expanded rapidly to burst and form little specks of silver like someone threw glitter everywhere.     
###Chapter 979: The hard truth (1)
Chapter 979: The hard truth (1)
"Ah!" A nurse cried when she noticed that the injury she was bandaging was healing at a speed visible to the naked eye from the moment magical glitter touched the warrior's flesh.         
"Oh… Ah… Eh…" Sounded everywhere from nurses and patients. The wounds were closing, the bruises faded, the pain was diminishing, and everyone felt more energetic.     
Talia's light dimmed rapidly, and her hair changed into copper-colored in one swift wave. She slumped on Damon, who was quick to catch her.     
"Don't overwork yourself, kitten," Damon said with concern in his voice.     
Talia smiled. "I don't feel bad doing this for our people. I will be fine after a bit of rest."     
Damon shook his head in disapproval, but he couldn't scold her more. She was a wonderful Luna, doing what she thought was best for their people.     
The only thing Damon could do was to support Talia and treat her well. Damon reached to carry her princess style.     
Travis rushed toward them as soon as he heard Damon's summon through the mind link.     
Seeing that Damon was carrying Talia, Travis went to check on her, but Talia raised her hand to stop him.     
"Don't worry about me. I was hoping you could take a look at my father."     
Travis' eyes widened. Talia's father? It took him a few long seconds to recover and wave at the nurse to take Valerian upstairs.     
Valerian lowered his head in shame. There were injured warriors everywhere, and he was being treated as a priority. He wanted to protest, but he knew it would be in vain, and he decided to keep quiet.     
Valerian was wheeled into a private room, and two nurses started working on him. They took basic vitals, blood samples, and gave him fluids via IV.     
During this time, Damon was mind-linking with pack members to understand the situation and issue orders. Talia was on the phone with Kai and Meg to touch base on happenings in the Midnight Guardians pack.     
"Shouldn't they help the wounded ones?" Valerian asked Travis while gesturing toward nurses.     
Travis shook his head. "Thanks to our Luna, our workload is cut in half. I am the main doctor, but I am not the only one." Travis' brows came together as the first blood test results arrived on his tablet. "Can you tell me how you ended up in this state?"     
"I was imprisoned for a long time."     
"About two decades," Talia said from the side. She was on the phone with Kai and Meg, mind-linking Trisha and Rose to prepare a room for Valerian in the packhouse, but she was also paying attention to what was going on around her.     
"I need to go," Damon said, and Talia quickly ended her phone call.     
"Where?" She asked.     
"George is swamped on our Eastern border, and we need reinforcements on the South."     
Their opponents were not strong, but they were many, and they used guerrilla attacks of starting skirmishes and retreating quickly, which caused warriors of the Dark Howlers pack to thin out their defenses. Also, it's been ongoing for hours now, and allied forces were getting fatigued even with the witches' help.     
Talia didn't want to leave her father, but the idea of Damon fighting on his own was unacceptable. "I'm coming with you."     
"No," Damon responded with finality. "Stay here and take care of your father." Seeing that Talia was about to protest, Damon cupped her cheeks and kissed her on the lips. "I want Travis to check your condition also. After that teleporting and healing you did, you are weakened, and I don't want to risk anything happening to our pup. You did a lot already. Rest, kitten, and let your man take care of the trash. I will be back before you know it."     
Talia's chin shook. "What will I do if you disappear again?"     
"I promise not to leave the territory of the Dark Howlers pack. I am only going to ease the load of our warriors. However, if I disappear, I know you will find me," Damon said with a smile and kissed the tip of her nose.         
Talia stared at Damon, and only when he looked down did she realize that she was fisting his shirt.     
She released a long breath while loosening her hold on him. "Take care and come back soon."     
Damon hummed in agreement.  "Travis! I will leave Talia in your care."     
"Yes, Alpha!" Travis responded right away.     
Talia pressed her lips into a line while the door closed after Damon. 'Keep the mind link open!' Talia told Damon.     
'Yes, my Luna,' he responded obediently. 'You do the same. Let me know what Travis says. Try to rest until I return.'     
Talia turned to Travis. "What can you tell me about his condition?"     
"Nothing is conclusive," Travis said cautiously. "The patient is underweight and dehydrated. Beyond that, I will need to do more tests. We will take him to do a full CT scan and start from there."     
"But you can heal him, right, just how you did me."     
Travis gave her an encouraging nod and responded politically, "I will know more in about one hour once all results are in. I heard from Alpha you are exhausted. Do you feel any discomfort?"     
"No. I just need rest."     
Travis gestured toward the sofa. "Then, please rest while we are in radiology. It shouldn't be more than ten minutes. Make sure you drink plenty of water, and I will get a nurse to bring you some food and vitamins..."     
…     
In radiology…     
"Doctor?" Valerian called to get Travis' attention.     
"Yes?"     
"What did Natalia mean when she said you can heal me just like you healed her?"     
Travis was not sure if it was his to say, but he had already heard that the man in front of him was Valerian Moonrider, Talia's father, and he thought that as long as he didn't disclose confidential information, it would be fine.     
Travis was one of the few people who knew the full story about Talia because he worked with Damon on getting her better.     
Travis dismissed two nurses, and when it was just him and Valerian in the room, he said,  "Alpha Damon found Luna Talia in the Red Moon pack. When she came here, she was severely malnourished, bruised all over, she had some old fractures and scars, and her wolf was barely holding on."     
Valerian looked at Travis with confusion obvious on his face. "How could the Red Moon pack do such a thing to the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack? Was there no retaliation?"     
"Uhm… at that time, Luna Talia looked more like a wolfless she-wolf than an Alpha. No one knew that she was from the Midnight Guardians pack. Alpha Damon worked on tracing her history to find out from where she came, but the Red Moon pack didn't have documents related to her. I'm not sure how they connected that she belongs to the Moonrider family, but I guess it has something to do with her cousin, Axel."     
"Are you saying Natalia didn't know about her origins?"     
Travis shook his head. "She was in the Red Moon pack since she was a toddler."     
Valerian wanted to ask more, but Travis interrupted him with, "Please. I fear that I have already said more than I should. To be honest, I don't know more than that."          
Valerian nodded in understanding. "I will talk to Natalia."     
"About that… she was physically and mentally abused for many years. You are her father, and I'm not saying you shouldn't talk about it, but maybe allow her to bring it up first."     
Valerian's head was spinning. She was abused? How was that possible?     
###Chapter 980: The hard truth (2)
Chapter 980: The hard truth (2)
When Damon returned to the pack hospital, he found Keith and Arya standing guard in front of Valerian's room.         
It was late afternoon, and Damon wanted to come earlier, but he needed to deal with rogues. Rogues didn't expect that Damon could attack from a distance, so they were sitting ducks while Damon practiced controlling his darkness.     
After handling those pests, Damon assured that things were stable before he left matters to Maya, Caden, George, and James, who worked closely with Erik, Petra, and Zack. Mindy, Gideon, Owen, Zina, and Dawn were not idle, as they each had their tasks.     
Damon quickly showered to wash away dirt and blood, got clean clothes, and rushed to the pack hospital. He knew that Talia was still there.     
"You are dismissed," Damon said to Keith and Arya. "Report to duty tomorrow morning at nine o'clock."     
Keith and Arya didn't . They knew that Damon wouldn't leave Talia's side, and the couple was looking forward to relaxing, just the two of them.     
Damon entered the room to find Valerian on the hospital bed.     
He was wearing a hospital gown, and the nurses gave him a good sponge bath, so the stale odor he had carried previously was gone. His copper-colored hair was neatly combed back, and the messy, overgrown beard was gone to reveal a sharp jaw.     
A side table on Valerian's left had two bowls smudged with creamy chicken soup from the packhouse and several empty containers of jello and pudding that the hospital provided. Valerian was still hungry, but Travis told him to take it easy. Valerian was getting the necessary nutrients through the IV drip.     
Talia was on the sofa, covered with a dark blue blanket, sleeping like a log. She didn't admit how tired she was, but she was asleep by the time Valerian returned from radiology. A nurse covered her up, and Talia didn't move a muscle since then.     
Damon and Valerian exchanged nods, and Damon stalked to the sofa. Carefully, very carefully, he lifted Talia's upper half and sat so she could lean on him.     
Talia stirred to make herself more comfortable, and she scooted higher to sit on his lap.     
Damon smiled when he felt her fisting his shirt and nuzzling his neck while inhaling his scent. Even in her sleep, she recognized him, and then she released a long sigh before relaxing against him completely.     
Damon adjusted the blanket around Talia and cradled her in his arms. It was good to feel her against him. He was home.     
'Your name is Damon Blake. Jacob's son, right?' A strange voice sounded in Damon's head, and he lifted his gaze to see Valerian looking at him.     
'I know you can hear me.'     
"How?" Damon asked.     
'I can communicate mentally without the pack link,' Valerian said. 'You can talk to me in the same way as long as I keep the connection open.'     
'I see,' Damon responded. 'I assume there is a reason why you disclosed this to me.'     
Valerian nodded faintly. 'Natalia. I want to know about her.'     
'What do you want to know?'     
'Everything. Is it true that she grew up in the Red Moon pack?'     
Damon didn't want to lie. 'Yes.'     
'Do you know why?'     
'Yes, but…' Damon hesitated.     
'But?'         
Damon was not sure if Talia would hate him if he told Valerian about her past. Knowing her, she wouldn't want to burden her father. 'That's a matter of the Moonrider family. I suggest you talk to Axel.'     
'As Natalia's mate, you are family, and I'm talking to you. Speak.'     
Damon liked that he was called family, and he had a feeling that it would be a bad move to refuse. 'One condition,' Damon said. 'You will keep it to yourself until Talia or Axel tell you about it.'     
'I can't make those promises.'     
'I am asking this for Talia. It is not a secret what happened, but it left deep scars on her. Talia suffered for a long time and is still struggling with acceptance.'     
'I understand.'     
Damon took that as Valerian's agreement, and he started talking.     
'It all started with a prophecy…' Damon told Valerian about Cassandra's prophecy and that Sophia and Isaac gave Talia away, and she ended up in the hands of Alpha Howard. He didn't know much about her time in the Red Moon pack, but he said whatever he knew. Next, Damon told him how Sophia and Isaac were Alphas of the Midnight Guardians pack, and the plan was for Axel to be the next Alpha until Talia appeared. Sophia and Isaac used dark magic on Damon, and Talia took Alpha's position from them forcibly. Axel didn't to Talia taking what was rightfully hers, but Sophia and Isaac were not happy about it.     
Valerian listened to everything with an unreadable expression, and he didn't say a word when Damon finished.     
Valerian just laid on the bed and closed his eyes. The silence was heavy.     
Damon understood that the guy was processing the information, and he didn't want to disturb him.     
Damon decided to focus on the little woman who was sleeping peacefully in his arms.     
He scooted lower on the sofa and pressed his lips at the top of Talia's head. She was in his arms, safe with their pup in her belly. Talia's breath slipping into his shirt to fan his chest was soothing, and his eyelids became heavy as the fatigue took over.     
Valerian couldn't sleep as the gravity of Talia's childhood pressed on him.     
It's not that he didn't believe Damon, but he couldn't believe that Sophia and Isaac would do that. Didn't he ask them to watch over his daughter? How was that watching over her? Talia was the rightful heir of the Midnight Guardians pack, and instead of raising her as the next Alpha, they sent her away and didn't check on her for two decades!     
Talia was precious, not only as the female Alpha from the Midnight Guardians pack, but because she was Astraea's daughter. Talia was the only thing left from his mate in this world of mortals, and Sophia and Isaac nearly took it away!     
…     
Talia took a deep breath of her favorite scent.     
The warmth of Damon's body made her lips lift into a smile, and the rhythmical rise and fall of his chest told her he was sleeping.     
Her eyes fluttered open to see that it was dark outside.     
The low beeping of the heart rate monitor reminded her where she was, and she turned to see Valerian lying on the bed.     
"How are you doing?" She asked.     
"Better."     
"Do you need something? I can call the doctor or nurses."     
Valerian refused. "No need." His eyes darted toward Damon. "Your mate treats you well."         
Talia smiled dreamily. "He does."     
"I am glad. Can I ask you something?"     
Talia's ears perked up. It sounded important. "Sure."     
"Can I stay here until I recover?"     
Talia blinked. "Of course! You can stay here as long as you want."     
"Another thing," he said. "Can you keep my existence a secret for now?"     
"It might be late for that." So many people had seen him already, and they knew he was Talia's father.     
"I understand, but… can you try to keep this as low-key as possible?" Seeing Talia's confused expression, he explained. "I was gone for a long time, and many think I'm dead. If our people hear I'm back, some will want to visit. I don't want others to see me in this sorry state."     
Talia couldn't make any promises, but she couldn't refuse this request either. "I will tell Axel."     
###Chapter 981: The hard truth (3)
Chapter 981: The hard truth (3)
"Is Axel treating you well?" Valerian asked Talia while hoping she would talk about Sophia and Isaac so he could stir the topic to how they treated her and the whole Red Moon pack business.         
"Axel treated me well before confirming we were related. He is my proxy and acts as the Alpha in my absence."     
Seeing that Talia didn't want to talk about the bad things, Valerian decided on a different strategy. "Tell me about the pack."     
"Before I took over as the Alpha, Sophia and Isaac were leading the Midnight Guardians pack. They believed that safety was in secrecy, so the pack members stayed mostly inside. I decided to change that policy, and now we have many new mated couples and a large number of pups on the way. Damon is helping me make it happen while keeping our people safe…"     
Valerian was disappointed that Talia didn't confide in him and tell him the bad things she went through, but he also knew he was absent from her life. Was he worthy of her trust?     
Talia spoke about opening the portal to the witches' realm when Damon woke up. He rested his chin on Talia's shoulder and listened with Valerian.     
No one interrupted them, and they chatted until early morning when Travis came to check on Valerian.     
"When can he leave the pack hospital?" Talia asked.     
"His condition is stable, and he is recovering at a fantastic rate. If he promises not to exert himself, I will clear him to be discharged. I can visit him once per day to assure things are on track…"     
…     
Talia heard that Evanora and Axel were bonding in the library of the Guardians, while Edgar used this time to be with Yasmin and the twins.     
Talia asked Axel and others to keep the news of Valerian's existence a secret and left it at that.     
The next few days, Talia spent quite some time with Valerian, talking about anything and everything if she was not dealing with pack-related matters.     
Valerian's favorite place was the garden, in a spot where he could sit directly under the sunrays that he had missed for two decades. He could walk with a cane now, and that was big progress. He didn't want to use a wheelchair, and being carried around was embarrassing.      
Talia found Valerian sitting on the bench in the garden, with his eyes closed and head lifted to the sky as he soaked in the sun.     
"Lunch will be served soon," Talia said.     
He patted the spot on the bench next to him.     
"Since I arrived here, I have asked you many questions. It's only fair that I answer yours."     
Talia sat next to him gingerly, and she touched her necklace. She told him before that Astraea left it behind with a secret message that told Talia about her heritage. But there were so many other things she didn't know. "Will you tell me about mom?"     
Valerian smiled dreamily. "She was the most beautiful woman I've ever seen."     
Talia's expression fell.     
"What?" He asked.     
"You speak about her in the past tense. I was hoping… Never mind."     
"You were hoping she is alive," he said, and Talia nodded.     
"In a way, that's not wrong, but it's not right either. We were in a grave situation. I was lucky to take you to safety." Or at least he thought it was safe. "When I returned, Astraea was surrounded. We fought, but they were too many and…" He released a long breath. "They were after her, and she hoped that by sacrificing herself, they would leave me alone. She asked me to take care of you and used the last bits of her energy to protect me."     
"So… she is gone?" Talia asked.         
"Yes and no," he responded, and he put his hand on his chest. "It sounds crazy, but… I held her unmoving body, and I know she is gone, yet I can still feel the bond."     
'It's not crazy,' Liseli spoke in Talia's mind. 'That was how Sapa and I were. Once the bond is established, it connects souls regardless of the distance, and the passing of time won't diminish it. Only if a soul dissipates completely will the bond be broken.'     
Talia thought how that was romantic. "Her spirit lives."     
Valerian smiled a little. "I like to think so. She was a strong female, mentally and emotionally. They captured me and wanted to enter my mind, but every time they tried to harm me, I could feel the energy that reminded me of Astraea. In the end, they couldn't do anything other than imprisoning me. I think they forgot about me. Life was uneventful until you arrived."     
"Am I interrupting?" A deep voice came from the side, and Talia turned to see Damon approaching them. His deep blue eyes, full of emotions, smiled at her and made it impossible to look away.     
"Never," Talia responded.     
"It's time for lunch," Damon said, and Talia stood up. She offered her hand to Valerian because his legs were still unsteady, but he just looked at her with an unreadable expression.     
"Natalia," Valerian called. "If you ever find yourself in a situation where you can save your mate by sacrificing yourself… don't do it. I know it sounds like the right thing to do, but living without a mate is worse than death."     
"You said mom is not gone."     
"I did, but… It's killing me whenever I think that I will never be able to see her smile, or hold her hand, or feel the sparks. The connection is there, but it's pulling me nowhere, and I feel lost. A big part of me is missing, and I will never get it back."     
Talia's heart cracked, and she was glad that Damon put his hands around her.     
'Lis,' Talia called her wolf. 'What can I do to comfort him?'     
'You can't,' Liseli responded.     
'You returned,' Talia said. 'Can't we do the same to my mother?'     
Liseli didn't have an answer to that question. 'I don't know how I ended up being your spirit. Even if we can do the same for your mother, will your father be willing to accept a spirit residing in another's body? The important point is that he just told you she suffered and used up her energy. We don't know what's left…'     
"Shh…" Damon shushed Talia while pulling her onto him. "It's OK, kitten. I've got you…"     
Talia didn't realize at what point she started crying.     
"I'm sorry," Valerian said. "I didn't mean to upset you."     
Talia's father or not, he made her cry, and Damon was NOT happy about this! "Talia is pregnant, and her emotions are unstable. Her impulse is to fix things and make others happy. You telling her about your grief which can't be fixed, is not helping." And if you are not helping, you should keep your mouth shut!     
Damon scooped Talia into his arms and carried her inside. He passed the dining room and took her to their bedroom.     
Damon laid on the bed with Talia and ran his fingers through her hair in silence while waiting for her to cry it out.     
"I'm sorry for ruining your shirt," Talia said. It was wet from tears and snot.     
Damon cocked an eyebrow at her. "It's a good thing I'm rich, so I won't ask you to buy me a new one, but I might ask for sex in exchange."     
Talia slapped his shoulder, "How can you think about sex when I'm distressed?"     
"I don't think about sex. I am thinking about you, and you are sexy, so my outside is pervy, but on the inside, I'm quite affectionate."         
Talia rolled her eyes and pushed herself off the bed. She went to the closet to get him a fresh shirt so they could join the others for lunch.     
"Don't act like you don't want it! Look at this sexy ass! I know you like it!" Damon shouted after Talia, and she bit her lower lip to prevent herself from laughing at the outrageous Alpha.     
Damon could sense that her emotions stabilized, and he gave himself a thumbs up.      
In the next moment, his eyebrows shot up. Why was Talia horny? Oh, he loved that she was pregnant!     
He quickly pushed himself off the bed and went after her.      
"Ah!" Talia cried when Damon hugged her from behind. She didn't feel his presence at all. "What are you doing?"      
"You were thinking about my ass, didn't you?" His breath splashed on her ear.     
"To be honest, I was thinking about all of you. Naked."     
Damon released her, and it took him less than a second to remove all his clothes. "No need to think. Look, touch, kiss, bite, whatever you want, I'm available."     
Talia could feel her cheeks heating as her arousal swelled.     
They didn't come out of the closet for the next hour.     
###Chapter 982: Tying up loose ends (1)
Chapter 982: Tying up loose ends (1)
Later that afternoon…         
After a brief meeting, Caden, Maya, Mindy, James, and Cornelia left the study, leaving Damon and Talia behind.     
Talia was looking at her notes, and she circled the point about the upcoming Talia's Luna ceremony.     
Mindy was advocating that they should make it like a human wedding where Talia and Damon will dress up elegantly and exchange vows in a lavish ceremony where they promise to be faithful and support each other forever.     
Damon agreed about the lavish part. Only the best for his kitten. He said that he would leave it to the females to arrange, and he would give them his black card to pay for everything.     
Mindy's eyes sparkled in a way that made Talia uncomfortable, and Talia took a mental note to discuss budget restrictions with Damon. She didn't want to risk Mindy driving them into poverty.     
Talia had an idea what to expect because she attended Tatiana's party, and she hoped the evening wouldn't end with a fiasco of rogues attacking.     
Mindy immediately said that the garden would need to be landscaped differently, and Maya suggested that they could have the ceremony by the lake. With canopies, flowers, balloons, and fairy lights, it will look fantastic, and it will provide space for everyone to attend. Cornelia said that witches could enhance the whole event with magic.     
Talia wondered if Valerian would escort her down the aisle.     
Talia thought how that was romantic, but Talia knew several ongoing issues could potentially taint the event.     
With people leaving the study, Talia decided to discuss the topics that had been avoided so far.      
"Damon," Talia called. "When will you visit Stephanie?"     
Talia previously shared mind-images of her most recent conversation with Stephanie, so Damon was aware that Stephanie helped Guardians get their hands on him and that she was involved in the death of his parents.     
It was difficult for Damon to face the truth, so he avoided meeting with Stephanie face-to-face. What were the potential outcomes? Would she cry, beg for mercy, or come up with a believable excuse? Nothing would change the fact that she betrayed him.     
Just thinking about the gravity of Stephanie's actions made Damon's hands tremble, and he didn't trust himself to keep his cool.     
Stephanie was one of the few people he trusted after his parents perished, and it was all a lie. Worse than a lie. She was there, comforting him, telling him how what happened was unfortunate, yet she was behind it.     
"Do you think I'm a coward?" Damon asked.     
"Considering the situation, I can't blame you for avoiding this matter. Do you want me to punish her?"     
Damon refused. He didn't want Talia to deal with his problems. He needed to buckle up and deal with Stephanie, but it was hard. How long could he postpone this?     
"Damon?" Talia called. "How about we do something else instead?"     
"What?"     
Talia walked to Damon and extended her hand to him, palm up.     
Damon put his hand into Talia's and stood up to follow after her. He would ask her if she was game for some sexy time, but her serious expression told him it was something else.     
"Where are we going?" Damon asked when they stepped out of the packhouse into the garden.     
"We need to tie up loose ends, Damon," Talia said.     
Damon's insides tightened when Talia stopped on a clearing at the far end of the garden. She faced him and extended her hands, and he knew she was about to teleport. Where to? He was afraid to ask.         
Valerian saw Damon and Talia walking through the garden with serious expressions, and he didn't want to get their attention. He observed as they stood facing each other and holding hands, Talia's hair turning silver, just as her mother had. There was a wind with blue electric bolts coiling around Damon and Talia, and then they were gone.      
…     
In an apartment in the human city…     
Tristan was sitting at the table with three other males. They were all rogues, playing poker and smoking cigars.     
Tristan took a bottle of whiskey to refill his glass and frowned when he realized it was empty.     
"Janine!" He shouted. "Get me another bottle!"     
A head full of blonde hair peeked through the door. "That was the last one."     
Tristan frowned. "Go and buy more."     
Janine made a face. "Why don't you ask the new girl?"     
Tristan's frown deepened. "Because I'm asking you. And her name is Lisa."     
Janine quickly backtracked to show an innocent expression. "But she is getting ready to get groceries. I can ask her to add drinks to the list."     
Seeing that Tristan didn't respond, she quickly went back down the hallway.     
Janine balled her hands into fists. She hated Lisa because now she needed to share Tristan's attention.     
Tristan's personality was unstable, and sometimes he would entertain Janine, but most of the time, he would focus only on Lisa, making Janine wait for another mood swing. It was exhausting. The only thing that gave Janine hope Tristan still cared about her was that Tristan didn't allow other guys to touch her.     
Janine found Lisa in one of the bedrooms, setting up the bed.     
"Tristan wants you to go shopping," Janine said icily.     
Lisa rolled her eyes. Why don't they leave her alone? She tried escaping twice, and both times she was caught and ended up with a beating. They held her always inside, and when Tristan left, someone would keep an eye on her. Somehow, Tristan knew when Lisa wanted to escape his grasp, and she didn't dare act rashly.      
If not for the stupid mate bond, she would hate Tristan forever! And she did, but whenever he came close, smiled, and touched her while whispering sweet nothings, Lisa would melt away like an enamored teenage idiot. Lisa knew that it was just the bond. She knew that Tristan was despicable, and he didn't deserve her, but she was too weak to fight the bond on her own.     
Lisa was aware that she needed help. Unfortunately, Stephanie blocked her completely, and Lisa was not strong enough to reach out to Damon or anyone else from the Dark Howlers pack. Lisa suspected Tristan had some way of blocking the pack link, but she knew that if she snooped around, it would only earn her more beating.     
Lisa was stuck, but not an idiot. She knew the only way to survive was to wait for the right chance. Until then, she needed to listen to Tristan, and she tried to stay out of others' way, but Janine was shamelessly throwing herself at Tristan even after finding out that Lisa was his mate.     
To Lisa's horror, Tristan would give in to Janine occasionally, causing Lisa inexplicable pain. Nothing was worse than feeling the betrayal of the mate bond, but Tristan didn't seem to care much. His wolf was feral. There were days when he would treat Lisa well, and days when he would ignore her, and then there were days when Lisa wished to be dead.     
But no matter how Tristan treated Lisa, she had a belly full of grievances when it came to Janine.     
"Does Tristan want me to go shopping? Or you?" Lisa asked while patting the comforter to smoothen out the creases.     
"Does it matter?"     
Lisa turned to look at Janine. "Oh, it does. Because one is my mate, and the other is a flea sticking to my mate. Guess which one I will obey."         
Janine's eyes flashed in outrage. She hated when Lisa reminded her that Tristan had a mate, and it was not Janine.     
"Do you dare to disobey him?"     
"I would never disobey my mate," Lisa said. "But I do not need to listen to someone who is below me."     
Janine's face turned ugly, and she raised her arm to strike Lisa when a gust of wind exploded in the room.     
###Chapter 983: Tying up loose ends (2)
Chapter 983: Tying up loose ends (2)
"AHH!" Janine shouted as the wind pushed her back, and Lisa held onto the bed to stabilize herself.         
Damon looked around the room, and his brows came together when he spotted Lisa.     
'Why are we here?' Damon asked Talia through their mind link.     
'Don't tell me you forgot about Lisa.'     
It's not that he had forgotten about Lisa, but he didn't want to think about her.     
Seeing that Damon didn't say anything, Talia spoke again, 'We know that she refused to cooperate with rogues. No one deserves to suffer in an abusive relationship. And also, I was hoping that coming here would bring us to Tristan. He should have valuable information.'     
Damon didn't want to waste time on Lisa but getting his hands on Tristan was something he would consider worthwhile.     
"Damon!" Lisa cried when she identified one of two figures which appeared out of thin air. She didn't recognize Talia because her hair was silver, and she paused at the sight of Damon's black eyes, but she didn't think much of it. That was definitely Damon. "Get me out of here. I will do anything."     
"You will?" Talia asked, and Lisa's eyes widened as she took a better look at Talia's face. Silver eyes were different, but the rest was familiar.     
Memories of Talia suppressing her on the town square of Darkbourne resurfaced, and Lisa quickly bowed her head. "Please. I know I did wrong. I will do anything. Just… take me with you. I don't want to stay here."     
"Who are you?" Janine hissed while patting her dress down. She looked at Talia with a scrutinizing frown, and her eyes flashed in delight when she spotted Damon. She gave him a look over, and she cleared her throat before asking seductively, "How did you get here, stranger?"     
Talia saw red.     
"Ahh!" Janine cried when Talia's aura pressed on her, and Janine fell to her knees.     
"Your friend?" Talia asked Lisa.     
Lisa sneered. "She is the bitch who is sleeping with my mate."     
"Do you want revenge? Beat her up. I will hold her down." Talia offered.     
Lisa wanted to say yes, but she backtracked. Beating up Janine won't achieve anything. Lisa's anger was with Tristan and with the Moon Goddess for giving her such a bad mate. And with Stephanie for abandoning her.     
Lisa spent her teenage years with her aunt, and she seldom asked for anything from Stephanie. Lisa told Stephanie that her mate was bad news and that she wanted out, but Stephanie rejected her and left her in this hell. What kind of a mother does that?     
"I just want to leave," Lisa said. "When I'm far enough, I will break the bond, and she can have him."     
'Do you believe she changed?' Talia asked Damon through their mind link.     
'I believe that she wants out,' Damon responded.     
"Is Tristan here?" Talia asked.     
Lisa nodded. "Tristan and three more are in the living room. They are his henchmen, but I don't think they would risk their lives for him."     
"You bitch!" Janine hissed from the floor. She tried to shift into her wolf form, but it was not working. What the hell?     
Lisa ignored Janine. She was focused on Talia now. "I… I was the one who told them you were going to the Blue River pack with Damon. Mom asked me to tell them more and..."     
"I know," Talia interrupted Lisa's next words.         
"I'm sorry for that and everything else. If you give me a chance, I will make it up to you. I know things about Tristan and his group and…"     
"No need," Talia refused. "There is nothing you can do to fix the past. But I want you out of my future."     
Lisa's face fell. "What do you mean?"     
Talia looked at Damon, silently telling him to take over.     
"Let's talk about this later," Damon said. "I want a word with Tristan." Damon pinched Talia's chin and pecked her lips. "Wait for me here, kitten."     
"Alright," Talia responded.     
Talia turned to look at Janine.     
'How is she different from normal she-wolves?' Talia asked Liseli.     
'Her wolf is feral. That gives her a nasty temper, and she has no loyalty or compassion. She thinks only about her own needs.'     
Wolves are social creatures and being part of a pack gives them purpose and direction. Without it, their wolf will turn feral, and that was a road without going back. That was why werewolves were terrified of being exiled from their packs. Most of the packs wouldn't take in exiled werewolves, and if they don't find a new home soon, their wolf will turn feral. Only rogues would accept such a wolf, and that was another type of hell.     
Talia turned to Lisa. "You said she sleeps with your mate. You suffered a lot."     
Lisa lowered her head in embarrassment. "Can we not talk about it?"     
"We don't need to talk about it. However, bottling up grievances will cause you mental scars. You need to let it out."     
"There is no point in crying or screaming. No one listens." Actually, it would just get her into trouble. "What will happen to me now?"     
"It will depend on Damon," Talia responded. "If it's up to me, I would send you to a shelter in the Blue River pack."     
Lisa frowned. "You think I should go to a shelter?"     
"Another option is for you to go to your aunt in the Lightclaw pack, but I believe that everyone knows what you and your mother did. If you go to your aunt, people won't look at you kindly, assuming that your aunt wants to take you in. I know that shelter sounds bad, but it's a place where people go to start over. You can learn new skills and become independent."     
The commotion was heard from the outside, and Damon entered the room while dragging bloodied Tristan by the collar of his shirt.     
Damon tossed Tristan on the floor, and Janine let out a muffled scream when she saw Tristan's horrid appearance. If not for shallow breathing, he would look dead.     
Talia closed her eyes to confirm that other than the four people in the room, there was no one else alive in the apartment.     
"We will take this guy for questioning," Damon said, and he turned to Talia. "Can you take us back, or should I call someone to pick us up?"     
Talia was not sure if she could do it, but she didn't want to get close to Lisa or that rogue. "How about you call Caden to send someone, and I will extract information from this guy? Lisa will need a ride."     
Damon nodded in agreement and got his phone.     
Talia turned to Lisa. "Are you serious about cutting your ties with this guy?" Lisa nodded without delay. "I recommend you break the bond now. Otherwise, you will feel his pain."     
"I, Lisa of the Dark Howlers pack, reject you, Tristan, as my mate… ugh…" Lisa bent and fell to her knees while clutching her stomach.         
"Accept her rejection," Talia said sternly. Her Alpha command shook Tristan's mind.     
"I… Tristan… Accept your… rejection…" He said with difficulty and then his mouth opened in a silent scream.     
"Ahh!" Lisa cried, and she opened her eyes when she realized that the pain had stopped faster than it came. The silvery light surrounding her matched the color of Talia's hair and eyes, and Lisa bowed her head. "Thank you, Luna."     
Talia approved of Lisa's attitude.     
###Chapter 984: Starting over
Chapter 984: Starting over
"Someone will be here in half an hour," Damon said to Talia while pulling a chair to the middle of the room.         
"This is for you, kitten," Damon said softly, and he swatted the invisible dust from the seating cushion before gesturing for Talia to sit. "You should rest."     
Talia didn't . She enjoyed it when Damon went the extra mile to make her comfortable.     
Talia's smile faded as she focused on Tristan, who was sprawled on the floor.     
Tristan was still reeling from the impact of breaking his bond with Lisa when he felt a pressure on his mind that threatened to squish his brain. The only thing he could see were Talia's silvery eyes staring him down, making him feel like she could see all of his secrets. And she did.      
Damon stood next to Talia and looked in Tristan's direction absentmindedly. Talia was right. Tying up loose ends made him feel better. Damon hoped that Talia could get something useful from Tristan as they had so much missing information.     
What was the connection between rogues and the Guardians? Who was involved in kidnapping members of the Midnight Guardians pack? Was this connected? Were experiments on people with abilities just a horrid rumor, or was there truth to it?     
Lisa was catching up her breath as she pushed herself to a seated position, and Damon threw a side glance her way.     
'You should pack your things,' Damon said to Lisa through the pack link.     
'I have nothing.'     
'You can grab anything worth taking. These guys won't need it. You have ten minutes.'     
Without delay, Lisa moved out of the room.     
A minute later, Tristan started foaming at his mouth, and Talia slumped in the chair.     
"Kitten!" Damon panicked and squatted by her side.     
"I'm OK," She assured him.     
"How can this be OK? Do you need more energy? Use mine!"     
"No, no, it's just…" Talia released a shaky breath and looked at Damon sadly.     
Damon could feel hairs rising at the back of his neck as Talia's expression darkened. It was like facing a deadly predator or maybe just royally pissed off Talia.     
"Kitten?"     
Talia's silvery eyes showed black streaks as she squeezed through her teeth angrily, "If you make me watch as you fuck another woman, I will…"     
A series of snaps were heard, and Tristan jolted with each sound, and then his body deflated against the floor as a pool of blood under him expanded.     
"I would never," Damon said with all the seriousness in the world. "You know I wouldn't."     
Talia's chin shivered, and the black streaks from her eyes disappeared. She leaned her forehead on Damon's shoulder and sobbed quietly as images of Tristan beating Lisa and doing all kinds of atrocities were flashing in her mind.     
Damon cursed under his breath. He knew that Talia was about to look into Tristan's memories, and he thought it was a good idea because they would find out what he had been up to, and he totally forgot that rogues were despicable and that Talia would see a lot of bad stuff.     
He should have known better.     
Damon sat on the ground, further from the blood, and pulled Talia to sit on his lap.         
"It's OK, kitten. I've got you." He touched her chin to make her look at him. "Angry, sad, happy, or anything in between, show them all to me. I won't love you less."     
Talia knew that he was trying to cheer her up. She put her hand on Damon's cheek. "Thank you for being my mate."     
Damon tilted his head and kissed her palm. "Those are my lines."     
Janine did her best to diminish her presence. By now, she understood a few things. Those were Alpha Damon and Luna Talia (aka Alpha Natalia). Tristan was dead, and the power couple that appeared with a gust of wind was about to take Lisa away. What about Janine? She hoped that Damon and Talia would forget about her. Should she play dead?     
…     
Owen was driving through the traffic of the human city, and Zina was in the front passenger's seat.     
Lisa was sitting in the back of the car, clutching a backpack she had taken from the apartment. It had cash, a change of clothes, and some trinkets she thought would be useful to sell.     
She also found some photos and notebooks that Tristan kept hidden, and she gave those to Talia and Damon.     
Lisa didn't understand why they let Janine go, but it was not her place to pry into those things. She learned that knowing too much can bring more harm than good. Besides, she was focused on getting out of there, and she didn't have the capacity to worry about others.     
"How come you picked me up? Did you become a warrior?" Lisa asked Zina. Lisa knew that Zina was working in the kitchen as Stephanie's helper.     
"We picked you up because we were shopping nearby," Zina said and looked at Owen dreamily. "I am not a warrior, but my mate is a General." Zina tilted her head so that Lisa could see the mark on her neck.     
Owen smiled smugly. He loved when Zina was showing off that he was her mate.     
Lisa reached for the left side of her neck. When Tristan accepted Lisa's rejection, it was burning, but Lisa didn't have time to see what was going on there. Was Tristan's mark on her neck gone? Lisa hoped that was the case.     
"Is he from another pack?" Lisa asked.     
Zina confirmed. "Owen was part of the Red Moon pack."     
Lisa heard that the Red Moon pack was gone. "It's surreal to think that such a big pack just disappeared."     
"We've got so many new members!" Zina exclaimed. "The packhouse is packed." She giggled at her choice of words. "But that's just temporary while their dwellings are ready. Wherever you look, there is new construction, and we are building a whole new town in our territory. Everyone is excited."     
"I heard that Alpha Edward fell in the Alpha challenge," Lisa said.     
"Yes. It was intense!"     
"You were there?"     
"Mhm… Owen and I had front-row seats. George defeated Alpha Edward like it was nothing." Zina turned back to look at Lisa. "George is Dawn's mate. He is the first commander in the Dark Howlers pack, and he is the Alpha of the Frostcrest pack. I couldn't believe when Dawn told me that she and George are second chance mates…" Zina's voice trailed. "Sorry. You probably don't want to hear about mates, considering what you've been through."     
"It's OK," Lisa said. "Whatever happened is behind me."     
"That's the spirit, Lisa," Zina said. "The shelter in the Blue River pack is a fantastic place. They have all kinds of programs and classes that will help you bounce back. And who knows, maybe you will get a second chance mate. George and Dawn are happy…"     
Lisa stared through the window as Zina's voice faded into the distance. What second chance mate? What happy together? Considering her history of men, it would be best if she stayed single forever.     
Lisa hoped that she could leave all this behind her. Even before Tristan, she was not happy. She thought Tony was the one, but it all turned out to be a lie. Even her mother ditched her, and her aunt didn't reach out since Lisa left the Lightclaw pack. Maybe starting over was not a bad idea, but this time as a single she-wolf.         
Eventually, Zina realized that Lisa was not listening, and she stopped her chatter.     
Zina looked at Owen, and she regretted that they had to cut their date short for this. They started with brunch in a human city and then went sightseeing and shopping, and they were about to end the day with dinner and a movie, but then Caden asked if they could drop Lisa at the shelter in the Blue River pack. As a warrior, Owen couldn't refuse, but that didn't mean Zina was not salty about it.     
Ever since they recognized each other as mates, Owen and Zina had one obstacle after another, and then disturbances, and so much work, and she was really looking forward to this day off, damn it!     
'We will make up for this,' Owen's voice sounded in Zina's head through the pack link. He noticed that she was pouting. 'Beta Caden said we get the next two days off.'     
'Will George allow it? With me away, Dawn will need to help more in the kitchen.'     
'Beta Caden will deal with George. As soon as we drop Lisa off at the Blue River pack, we are free, and the next few days are ours and ours only. I booked a hotel with full room service, so we won't need to get out.'     
He wiggled his eyebrows, and Zina smiled foolishly. Two days stuck in a hotel room with Owen sounded like heaven.     
She lowered her seat. 'Wake me up when we arrive at our destination. I want to sleep through this task which is in the way of me enjoying time with my mate.'     
Owen stifled a chuckle. His chamomile-infused mate was fantastic, and he would pull the car to the side of the road and jump on her, only if Lisa was not there.     
###Chapter 985: Tying up loose ends (3)
Chapter 985: Tying up loose ends (3)
Stephanie was sitting in her cell in a daze.         
She did not remember how she got here. There were hazy memories of her sitting at the lakeshore, but the next memory was of her coming to her senses in the dungeon of the Dark Howlers pack.     
Stephanie knew that she waited by the lake with the intention of Talia finding her there, and then Stephanie would tell her to go to the bottom of the lake, just as the instructions said. Stephanie was not sure if she had accomplished her task.     
She thought that if Talia didn't show up, no one would know about her intentions, and she wouldn't be in the dungeon. On the other hand, if she succeeded and Talia went there, Stephanie would either be punished or released, depending on how Damon interpreted Stephanie's actions.     
Stephanie didn't know how many days had passed as there were no windows, and the only time door opened was when warriors brought food and took empty plates and utensils. She asked them what was going on, but no one said a thing. But even without any news, Stephanie guessed that Damon was fine because if anything happened to him, they would either release her when a new Alpha took over or if the pack fell apart, they would stop bringing food.     
The Guardians promised not to harm Damon, and she was confident that things would be cleared out soon. Damon might be greaving now, but he will come around and see that this was for the best.     
Stephanie raised her head when the door of her cell opened.     
Two warriors appeared.     
"Alpha wants to see you," one of them said sternly, and Stephanie pushed herself up.     
They didn't handcuff her or restrict her otherwise, and Stephanie thought that was a good thing.     
The moment she stepped outside, Stephanie squinted when daylight assaulted her eyes, and she felt a nudge as one of the warriors pushed her right shoulder.     
"Move."     
"Where to?"     
"You will see," he responded and pushed her again.     
Stephanie moved in that direction, following a narrow path. After some time, the path was gone, and she walked among bushes and trees, steadily climbing up.     
The sound of water churning was clearer as the trees became scarcer.     
Stephanie emerged on a clearing speckled with wildflowers such as yellow mahonia, pink hellebores, and purple violas resilient to the cold temperatures of early winter. A river was going through the middle of the colorful clearing, which ended with a waterfall on the opposite end.     
"Go on," a warrior said while gesturing toward the right. There was a lonely oak tree, and she could see Damon sitting on the grass with Talia on his lap.     
She was focused on Damon and Talia, and only when she was a few steps away she spotted a black rectangle-shaped marble tombstone with a curved top edge. It had engraved, 'In memory of loving parents, Jacob Blake and Violet Blake.'     
This was Stephanie's first time coming here. Not because Damon didn't allow her. When he asked her to come with him about a decade ago, she said that this was for family members, and she didn't consider herself as family. At that time, Damon thought Stephanie was modest and grieving, so he didn't push for it. But now he knew better.     
Damon and Talia didn't look at Stephanie, and she was not sure what to do.     
She turned to the back to see that the warriors were gone, but she could feel their gazes on her back.     
Damon thought he had calmed down by now, but now that Stephanie was in his visual range, he wanted to shout at her, to rip her apart, and to break down and cry; all at once. Luckily, Talia's proximity calmed his raging emotions, so he was able to suppress the swell of emotions.     
Talia could feel Damon's internal turmoil, and she let him hold her, knowing it helped. He needed to confirm without a doubt that he was not alone and that she won't betray him. Talia opened her bond fully so he could feel her love and devotion, and that he was her everything.     
"What do you have to say for yourself?" Damon asked Stephanie.     
"About?"         
"About what you have done."     
Stephanie released a long breath. "Whatever I did, everything I did, was for the sake of this pack."     
"Was it?" Damon asked. He placed Talia gently to sit on the grass and stood up to face Stephanie.     
Talia's brows came together in worry, but she forced herself to stay on the side and let Damon handle this. He needed to do it himself. Only like that would his demons be pacified.     
"How can you claim that it was for the sake of the pack when you betrayed your Alpha and Luna?" Damon asked.     
Stephanie pressed her lips into a line. "Betrayed? Aren't you fine?"     
"Fine? Is this what you call fine?"     
Stephanie's eyes widened when she realized that Damon was pointing at the gravestone.     
"That was an accident," Stephanie said with urgency. "Jacob was not supposed to die."     
"An accident? Is that what you call what you did?" Damon squeezed through his teeth. "My mother trusted you. She thought of you as her sister. I trusted you. This whole pack trusted you!"     
"I know you are upset, but Violet wanted to go to them in order to save the pack. She was the Luna, and it was the right thing to do. I didn't act against her wishes."     
"LIES!" Damon roared. "My mother loved her mate, and she loved me, and she would never do anything to harm us. By going to the Guardians willingly, she would betray the mate bond, and that stands above everything else, even above duty toward the pack!" Damon's chest was heaving angrily. "But you wouldn't know that because you never sealed the bond with your fated mate."     
"How do you…?" Stephanie's voice trailed.     
"You don't need to know from where I've got my information," Damon said to Stephanie dryly. He didn't want to disclose that Talia looked into her memories.     
The fact that Beta Gil was not Stephanie's fated mate was concealed well.     
Jacob wanted a strong Beta, and everyone knew that mated werewolves were stronger than unmated ones. Also, mated werewolves were less prone to distractions like women and drinking, so Jacob announced to his three close friends that no matter what their abilities were, his Beta would need to be mated because everything else could be learned given enough time and practice.     
Gil was the best warrior at the time, but without a mate, someone else would become Jacob's Beta.     
Desperate for a quick solution, Gil reached out to Stephanie. They agreed to be chosen mates, so she let him mark her with an excuse of how it was the best thing to do for the pack. Like that, Gil became Beta, and Stephanie was in the packhouse, directly supporting Alpha and Luna, just as she wanted.     
Other than that, Talia found out more incriminating information about Stephanie.     
Stephanie was working as a spy for the Guardians even before she became Gil's mate. She was aware that the Guardians would want powerful females for breeding and powerful males for experiments and that even humans were involved. Unfortunately, those memories were more than two decades in the past, and Talia couldn't get all the details precisely, but she was confident that Stephanie was involved to some degree.     
Damon and Talia hoped to find more evidence in the library of the Guardians, something concrete they could work with. Axel and Cornelia were tasked with finding those, while Damon and Talia focused on dealing with the present issues.     
###Chapter 986: Tying up loose ends (4)
Chapter 986: Tying up loose ends (4)
"You thought what you were doing was right," Damon said to Stephanie. "Did you tell yourself the same thing when you drugged me and let the Guardians take me, so I become bait for Talia?"         
Stephanie's eyes darted to Talia, who was standing behind Damon. "She seems to be fine, and so are you."     
"Do you know why?" Damon asked, and he continued before Stephanie responded, "The Guardians are dead. My mate and I killed them all." It was close to the truth.     
"Impossible," Stephanie said under her breath. "They have abilities and are powerful, and…"     
"And now they are gone," Damon interrupted her. "Did you think I will praise you for the treason you committed? You put me, my mate, and my unborn pup in danger. Combined with what you did to my parents, that's three generations of Alphas. Because of you, Alpha Jacob and Luna Violet are dead. Just as we defeated the Guardians, my parents could have done the same, but they never had a chance."     
"I did what was best at the time."     
"NO!" Damon shouted. "You did what YOU thought was best at the time! What gives an Omega the right to think she knows better than her Alpha? We are leading this pack as Alpha and Luna for a reason. Your options are to follow us or to leave."     
Stephanie lowered her head. "I will leave."     
"Too late."     
Stephanie looked at Damon warily, and her eyes widened in horror when she felt his Alpha aura pressing on her.     
"Killing me won't fix anything!" Stephanie said with panic in her voice.     
"I won't kill you. Yet," Damon responded icily. There were fates worse than death, and if Stephanie thought this would be easy, she was gravely mistaken.     
"Stephanie of the Dark Howler pack," Damon spoke while using his aura. "I, Damon Blake, the Alpha of the Dark Howler pack, find you guilty of the highest treason against your Alpha and Luna. As a punishment, I banish you from my pack."     
Stephanie fell to her knees, clutching her chest as she felt a gap where the pack bond used to be. It was painful, but the truth was that Stephanie was prepared for worse.     
"Thank you for showing mercy," she said in a strained voice.     
"Mercy?" Damon sneered. "The Dark Howlers pack knows of your betrayal. I will notify all other packs that if anyone else takes you in, they will be going against the Dark Howlers pack. You have half an hour to leave the territory of the Dark Howlers pack, or you will be hunted and killed on sight."     
Stephanie looked up at Damon, and her expression changed in slow motion as she realized what was happening. With her being banished and no one taking her in, she was doomed to become a rogue. She will suffer as her wolf turns feral, and there will be nothing she can do about it. And once she becomes a rogue, everyone will set to kill her. Even her own wolf might turn against her.     
"They wouldn't hurt you," Stephanie said pleadingly. "If they got their hands on Talia, they would leave us alone. I did it for you. Didn't you say that you always put the pack first? I have been watching you for more than a decade working hard for this pack and everyone in it. Are the lives of thousands less worthy than one female? You know what I did was right. You can find another mate, and you can have other pups, but you can't replace the pack!"     
Talia felt that Damon's control was snapping, and she grabbed his hand, which was trembling as the darkness started spreading around him.     
It took Damon a second to acknowledge the sparks of their bond where they touched, and he opened his palm to allow their fingers to interlace. He held her firmly as if she was his lifeline, the only thing preventing him from destroying everything in sight… and she was exactly that and so much more.     
"A powerful Alpha doesn't choose between his mate and his pack because he will save them all or die trying," Talia said while her silvery eyes made Stephanie unable to breathe. "You forgot that Damon is not alone. He has his warriors and allies, and he has me. You had no right to take away Damon's choice on the matter. Even with you backstabbing him, he still saved us all." Unfortunately, Damon's parents were not so lucky.     
Damon was moved by Talia's words that were enforced by the pure love and complete trust she had for him.     
"You have twenty-nine minutes, Stephanie," Damon said. "From one minute ago, you are an outsider without authorization to be here. I suggest you start running. If my warriors catch you, they won't grant you a swift death."     
Stephanie opened her mouth to say something, but then she closed it.     
Damon watched as Stephanie scurried away, and he waved at the warriors who were hiding nearby to go after her with, 'Make sure she leaves the territory.'     
Damon turned to the gravestone and stared at it. His legs shook like the fatigue of ten sleepless nights crashed on him, and he fell to his knees.         
"Mom, dad, you heard it all. I'm sorry it took me this long to find out who betrayed you. I hope that with this, you can rest in peace."     
Talia got down on her knees and hugged Damon tightly.     
"It's OK," Talia said softly. "I've got you."     
That's what he would normally say to Talia to comfort her, and he wanted to be her rock all the time, but this time she offered comfort, and he took it.     
Damon leaned his forehead on her shoulder, and then he nuzzled her neck as he buried his face into her hair while fisting the back of her blouse desperately.     
His shoulders shivered, and Talia pretended not to notice he was crying.     
Talia could feel Damon's grief and guilt. It was like his parents had died all over again. She guessed that he was replaying in his mind the last moments with his parents and many scenes which happened after that with Stephanie.     
He was blaming himself for not seeing it sooner. For not realizing how toxic Stephanie was. He was taking the burden that shouldn't be his to carry, and Talia's heart cried for him.     
The strong and willful Alpha looked so soft and fragile at the moment, and Talia was moved that he allowed her to see him like that, vulnerable. It was a sign of ultimate trust, and she loved him even more for it.     
After an unknown measure of time, Damon pressed a kiss on her neck. "Thank you, kitten," his lips moved against her skin.     
"You are a wonderful man, Damon Blake. I am honored you are my mate, and this pack is blessed to have you as their Alpha."     
"Keep talking," Damon said, and Talia could hear he was smiling.     
"I would like to talk to your parents," she said, and he loosened his hold on her so she could turn sideways.     
"Mr. and Mrs. Blake," Talia started officially. "Damon and I are expecting our first pup. I didn't discuss this with Damon yet, but I was hoping that if it's a girl, we will call her Violet, and if it's a boy, it would be Jacob."     
Talia turned to Damon. "What do you think?"     
Damon glanced at the gravestone briefly, and then he looked at Talia seriously. "Now that you said it in front of my parents, I would be an ass if I ed."     
Talia's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "You don't like it?"     
Damon broke into a bright smile. "I love it."     
"You do?"     
"I do." He loved everything about her, and he couldn't wait to be a father.     
###Chapter 987: Changes for the better
Chapter 987: Changes for the better
A month had passed…         
New buildings in the Dark Howlers pack territory were being completed one by one, and newcomers from the Red Moon pack were not newcomers anymore. They were leaving the packhouse and other temporary accommodations as they moved into their new homes, and they all had jobs.     
It was an adjustment compared to what they had in the Red Moon pack, but it was not hard to make changes when it was an upgrade.     
Some even expressed a desire to open their own businesses with storefronts in Darkbourne.     
Damon converted one receiving room on the first floor of the packhouse into an office. It was used exclusively for paperwork related to new buildings, businesses, supplies, and other things related to the recent influx of pack members.     
Talia loved to go through the documents, fascinated with all this behind-the-scenes work necessary to make the pack function.     
Talia was surprised that Chef Page submitted a request to open a ramen restaurant in Darkbourne. The request itself was not surprising. However, she saw that besides listing his adopted daughter, Jane, as a co-owner and part-time employee, there was one more name on the document, Clarissa.     
"Who is Clarissa?" Talia asked James, whose head was barely visible from behind the documents on his desk.     
James glanced at the paper in Talia's hand. "She is an Omega who came from the Red Moon pack."     
Maya bobbed her head and smiled slyly at Talia. "Yes, yes. It's exactly what you think it is. Malia strikes again!"     
"No way!" Talia said in disbelief.     
"Yes, way!" Maya responded. "Chef Page found his second chance mate. You should see how adorable they are, always trying to hold hands and touch each other. And they are both so caring toward Jane. If I didn't know better, I would think that Jane is their biological daughter."     
"Aww…" Talia's chin was shaking. After hearing how Lulu's mother abandoned them and then Lulu died, Talia wished for Chef Page to be happy. Talia thought that Chef Page bonding with Jane and adopting her were good things, but him finding his second chance mate went beyond Talia's wildest dreams.     
"Enough!" Damon grumbled while waving at Maya to go away. He grabbed the document from Talia's hand and put it in front of James. "Expedite this, so it's done as soon as possible."     
James cocked an eyebrow at Damon. "It's done. The only thing missing is your signature."     
Damon's expression stiffened, and he grabbed a pen that Maya was holding so he could sign it. "There. Done. It's approved."     
Talia looked at Damon dreamily. "We should go to their grand opening. I would love to eat ramen."     
"Which one? Pork? Chicken?" Damon asked.      
Talia licked her lips. "I like their combo that has a bit of everything."     
"Let me ask Chef Page to make you ramen and send it here," Damon said without missing a beat.     
Talia gaped at him. She didn't mean right now!     
But Damon's eyes had already lost focus, and she knew there was no point in arguing.     
With Omegas from the Red Moon pack accepting the Dark Howlers pack as their new home, the word spread that Alpha Damon was not Black Demon and that living conditions for Omegas were favorable. Due to this, several additional groups of Omegas decided to join the Dark Howlers pack from the crowded shelters in the Blue River pack.     
The pack was growing in numbers, and the borders between the allied packs were fading with each passing day. Damon, Talia, Maddox, Cristian, and Tony collaborated to protect their borders.     
The previous packhouse of the Red Moon pack was within the territory of the Lightclaw pack, and Tony was the Alpha in charge of protecting its neutrality.     
Ex-Luna Layla accepted Talia's offer, and she was staying in that packhouse with her fated mate, Chester, and a handful of Omegas. Layla reached out to James, inviting him for a visit because his father wanted to meet him in person. James said he was not ready for that step, and they left it at that.         
James was now the youngest high-ranking member ever, the first one to assume a position of a Gamma before reaching adulthood. James was pleased with the respect he was getting and happy that Erik, Petra, and Zack were still hanging out with him like equals. James couldn't wait to end his daily duties, so he could join Cornelia for cuddles, snuggles, and sex.     
The Gamma couple was staying in a suite on the second floor of the packhouse in the Dark Howlers pack, and they were planning to transform an adjacent room into a nursery.     
Damon and Talia made several visits to the Midnight Guardians pack to verify things were going well and to give Axel a break from Alpha duties so he could be with his mate and kids.     
Per Valerian's request, Axel didn't reveal to his parents that Valerian was alive and recovering in the Dark Howlers pack.     
Axel was keeping an eye on Sophia and Isaac as he suspected that they aided in kidnapping Yasmin and the twins and delivering them to the Guardians. However, the ex-Alpha couple denied any involvement, and Talia refused to deal with them, saying that they were Axel's problem. She didn't want to interact with Sophia and Isaac.     
Before the fight with the Guardians, Cornelia and Amelia were close to figuring out how to open the portal. When Edgar (aka the portal expert) joined them, they successfully connected the Silver Flame Coven in the witches' realm to the castle that belonged to the Guardians, now officially named the Silver Flame Castle.     
Evanora and Edgar spent most of their time in the Silver Flame Castle, and they made a few short trips for Evanora to experience life in human cities.     
Declyn and a few other Guardians were around, mostly observing the changes without interfering. Since Axel and Evanora didn't find conclusive proof that the Guardians were involved in experimenting with people with abilities, Talia suspected that the lingering Guardians hid the evidence. However, without proof, Talia didn't want to spill more blood, and Evanora agreed that witches would be keeping an eye on them.     
About fifty witches from the Silver Flame Coven volunteered to stay in the Silver Flame Castle and participate in restoring the balance to nature.     
Everyone was busy.     
Damon and Talia spent most of their free time bonding and planning for their baby's arrival. Damon's old room was devoid of furniture, with a fresh coat of pale green paint, and they were discussing ideas on how to decorate the nursery. Talia's stomach was showing a bit, and Damon was super excited.     
Damon used to run his hand through her hair a lot, but now his hands would often find their way to her stomach and stay there. Talia thought how he was adorable.     
Every few days, Damon and Talia went on a rogue-hunting mission while using Janine.     
Talia would focus on Janine as a destination and teleport there with Damon. As expected, they would end up in another lair full of rogues, and Damon and Talia would take them out with ease while "accidentally" allowing Janine to escape.     
Janine was not capable of surviving on her own, and during her time with Tristan, she learned of many locations where rogues were hiding. Talia could extract that information from Janine's mind, but there was no guarantee that rogues would be present in that hideout, so they let Janine lead them there.      
That was Talia's idea, and Damon loved seeing this devious side of his kitten.      
###Chapter 988: Finding Olivia (1)
Chapter 988: Finding Olivia (1)
As Talia's public Luna ceremony was approaching, Mindy, Maya, Trisha, Cornelia, Amelia, Kalina, and Michelle were official party organizers for the upcoming party of the century.         
Seven females divided work among themselves, determined to make it massive, lavish, and worthy of the strongest Alpha couple that ever existed in the history of werewolves. It was a big deal.     
Tatiana didn't allow her growing stomach to make her a spectator. She was THE designer for Talia's wedding gown and her bridesmaids' dresses. To Maddox's irritation, Tatiana's assistant (aka Mario) was supervising outfits the males will wear for the ceremony, which meant that the pesky pink-loving pipsqueak was spending a lot of time with his strawberry-infused Goddess.     
Mindy was the overall supervisor of preparations, and other females had their tasks assigned.     
Maya was in charge of invitations.     
Talia looked at the list of people who RSVP'd and then at the list of people who were yet to respond, and Maya noticed Talia's frown deepening.     
"Is something wrong?" Maya asked.     
"Olivia," Talia responded. She couldn't find her long-lost friend on the list at all.     
Damon told Talia that they located Olivia in the Shadowbite pack and that Maya and Caden would handle it, but Talia didn't hear any updates.     
Maya's eyes shifted as she avoided Talia's gaze.     
"What's going on?" Talia asked suspiciously.     
"Caden and Caleb were not successful in contacting her," Maya said.     
"Is she not there? Or is she ill?" Or dead? Talia didn't dare to ask this last question aloud.     
Maya puffed her cheeks. "That's the Shadowbite pack. They are not kind to outsiders. If she is a male, things would be different."     
Talia cocked an eyebrow suspiciously. "How different?"     
"You know how the Red Moon pack was horrible to Omegas?" Maya asked, and when Talia nodded, Maya continued, "Well, the Shadowbite pack is worse. They treat females as trash."     
Talia stood up, and Maya grabbed her hand with, "Where are you going?"     
"To talk to Damon." She could use their mind link, but Talia wanted to do this face-to-face.     
"Can you let it go?" Damon was the one who told Maya not to talk about this with Talia because he didn't want to upset her.     
"How can I?" Talia asked and pried her hand out of Maya's hold. "If you found out that your friend was being mistreated, would you let it go?"     
"You don't know if she is mistreated," Maya said right away.     
"If that's the case, the Shadowbite pack has nothing to fear."     
"Are you going to start a war over one female?" Maya asked, and she shrunk when she realized her question hit a nerve.     
"Of course not," Talia responded dryly. "How could the life of one female compare to the whole pack?"     
"That's not what I meant!" Maya shouted, but it was too late. Talia had already left the room, and Maya had a bad feeling about this.     
Maya's eyes lost focus for a moment as she mind-linked Damon. 'Talia is heading your way. She asked about Olivia, and when I didn't tell her, she decided to talk to you.'         
Maya could hear Damon groan in frustration, and she was glad he didn't ask more questions.     
Talia found Damon on the training grounds, talking to his Generals about the latest changes in training. As of recently, the Dark Howlers pack was something like a training center for warriors of allied packs, and they had units visiting from the Midnight Guardians pack, the Blue River pack, the Spring Leaf pack, and the Lightclaw pack.     
Damon turned to see Talia walking toward him with Keith and Arya two steps behind her. Those two were like Talia's shadows. A bit annoying and borderline creepy, but reliable.     
"Kitten," Damon greeted her with a smile, and he was glad that she didn't pull back when he kissed her forehead because he could feel her mood that ominously prickled his skin.     
The Generals greeted Talia with a bow, and then they made themselves scarce.     
"What brings you here?" Damon asked.     
"Olivia."     
"What about her?"     
"Did you know that Shadowbite pack is not allowing…" Talia released a sharp breath. "Of course, you knew. Why didn't you tell me?"     
"I didn't want you to be upset."     
"I am upset already, so out with it."     
Damon gave up. "We tried to reach out to them diplomatically, and they shut us out. Her father is now in the Lightclaw pack, and even he said that he didn't talk with Olivia in years."     
Talia frowned. "How is that possible?"     
"Kitten," Damon said seriously. "When mates recognize each other, the female goes with the male and leaves her old identity behind. They live together, and he will provide for her, but that doesn't guarantee she will be treated as his equal. Right now, Olivia belongs to the Shadowbite pack with her mate, and we have no right to interfere."     
Talia understood that, but… "Did Caden see her?"     
Damon shook his head. "Even this information was gained after negotiations. They don't care that I'm Alpha Damon and why our warriors went to meet with Olivia."     
"They don't care about you?"     
Damon looked at Talia helplessly. She was so innocent and unspoiled that he wanted to put her under a glass bell so that nothing would corrupt her. "My word is the law here, but every pack controls their own territory, and if we force our way in, it's considered a declaration of war. Every pack is different, and we shouldn't force on others our definition of what's right."     
Talia pursed her lips. She knew that just because they were powerful, that didn't mean they could boss around others. Wouldn't that make them oppressors? They would be worse than Alpha Edward and his cronies.     
"I don't care about their pack," Talia said. "I only care about Olivia. She was my only friend while I was in the Red Moon pack, and she made my life there bearable. As a girl hiding in the attic, there was nothing I could do, but now I am Alpha Natalia, your Luna. Surely, I can at least check on my friend."     
With this, Damon confirmed that Talia wouldn't let this go. "What's your plan?"     
Talia smiled a little. "I want to see her and extend the invitation for her to attend my Luna ceremony. Her mate will also be invited. If she says she doesn't want to come, that's fine."     
"What if she wants to come and her Alpha doesn't allow it?"     
"That's ridiculous," Talia snapped. "They might be closed off, but he can't tell their people if they can attend a party."     
"He can," Damon deadpanned. "Alpha can close the borders and prevent anyone from going in and out, and he doesn't need to provide a reason. His territory, his rules. He could even detain us, and if we don't cooperate, it will be war."         
"We can go there without disturbing their borders. No one will know," Talia said while giving Damon a meaningful look, and he knew she was talking about teleporting there.     
Damon rubbed his face with force. She could pinpoint Olivia as the destination, but there was no way to know if they would end up in a dense forest, in the middle of the training ground, or in Olivia's bathroom (while she was using it). Damon could see this going wrong in so many ways!     
###Chapter 989: Finding Olivia (2)
Chapter 989: Finding Olivia (2)
Damon could see that Talia was set on visiting her friend. Talia said she wanted to ensure that Olivia was alright, but what if she wasn't? What if Talia sees things that will upset her? And also… "Let's say we go to the Shadowbite pack, and their Alpha welcomes us. He might even allow Olivia to come to your Luna ceremony. What if he punishes her when she returns?"         
"Will he do that?"     
"It is a possibility." A strong one. Alpha of the Shadowbite pack might be helpless in front of Damon and Talia, but he will unload his pent-up resentment on the Omega in question.     
Talia looked at Damon sadly. "I know your words are reasonable, but you are only making me more worried. I understand that Olivia has another life now. My life changed also, but that doesn't mean I will forget about people who were kind to me." Talia released a long breath. "I won't go there without you. But I am asking you to reconsider. I have this nagging feeling that I should see Olivia and that if I don't, I will regret it. Can we just check on her? Please?"     
Damon pushed an unruly lock of hair behind Talia's ear. "Was I ever able to say no to you, kitten?"     
"You are not going without us," Keith said from the side, and he didn't flinch when he saw that both Damon and Talia were frowning at him. "This is about Luna's safety. After we went there, the Shadowbite pack was alerted of our intention. It would be foolish of them to think we gave up. I am confident that their security is tightened and that they are keeping a close eye on that female."     
Arya nodded in agreement with Keith's words, and Damon's frown eased.     
"What do you suggest?" Damon asked Keith, who quickly came up with a plan.     
"We form a unit and ask witches to teleport us close to their border." He didn't want to leave Talia from his visual range, but he never saw her teleporting more than one extra person, and asking her to take both him and Arya would be a stretch. "We all have scent-concealing herbs and will lay low. The two of you can proceed with your plan, but if anything is amiss, mind-link us, and we will charge in." Keith lifted his chin smugly, obviously proud of his plan.     
"A unit?" Talia asked. "That won't be necessary. We will be there only a minute regardless of Olivia's response."     
Damon was about to protest when Talia added through their mind-link, only for Damon to hear, 'And let's imagine they spot us and try to capture us. Will you play along with that charade? Having other people around only means we won't be free to use our abilities because we don't want to harm our people.'     
Damon smiled a little, 'Since when are you so reckless?'     
Talia's smile matched Damon's. 'Since I'm hanging out with you.'     
Keith's eyes darted from Talia to Damon, who stood facing each other and smiling and holding hands, and… Keith's expression fell when he realized that the wind picking up was not normal.     
"WAIT!" Keith shouted, but the electric tornado lasted only a second before it was over. Damon and Talia vanished.     
"FUCK THIS!" Keith shouted in frustration. "I QUIT!"     
"What do you mean, you quit?" Arya asked.     
"THIS! THIS!" Keith was pointing at the spot where Talia and Damon had been standing a few seconds ago. "How are we supposed to protect her when she goes who-knows-where without us? I would rather babysit a flock of falcons!"     
Arya looked at Keith helplessly. She was also vexed that Talia just disappeared on them (literally), but there was nothing they could do about it. And did Keith say he was babysitting Talia? If Damon heard that, Keith would be punished. Talia might be their Luna, but she was also the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. The rumors were that Talia was the most powerful Alpha in existence. Keith's insinuation that he was babysitting Talia could be interpreted as a claim that he was more powerful than Talia. Blasphemy.     
"Trust in our Luna," Arya said. "She is with the Alpha. He will keep her safe."     
Keith closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths to calm his emotions. "You are right. While our Alpha and Luna are reckless, how about we go to Darkbourne and grab an ice cream?"     
Arya wanted the ice cream, but… "Shouldn't we notify Beta and Gamma about where our Alpha and Luna went? If things escalate, someone will need to do damage control."     
…     
~ the Shadowbite pack ~     
A gust of wind subsided, and Talia squinted at their surroundings as the dust settled.     
They were in the forest, next to a single-story cabin.         
'CLACK!'     
Talia turned just in time to see heavy shutters closing quickly, and she glanced at Damon.     
'A female closed it,' Damon said. 'I didn't see the face, but fingers were thin, and it gave me that feeling.'     
Talia didn't doubt Damon. She closed her eyes to sense the surroundings. There was no one in the proximity, but she confirmed there was one person inside the house. Who could it be if not Olivia? Talia was excited.     
'KNOCK-KNOCK'     
Talia knocked on the window shutters that had closed less than a minute ago.     
"Olivia?" Talia called.     
No sound was heard, and Talia looked at Damon questionably.     
"Maybe we should try the door," he said with a straight face.     
Talia circled the cabin while ignoring Damon's chuckles that followed her.     
Talia knocked on the door several times, and Damon took a few steps back, thinking that maybe his presence was scaring the female.     
Talia knocked a few more times, and she was on the verge just opening the door when it creaked ajar, just enough for an eye to peek through the gap.     
"Olivia?" Talia called.     
The female frowned. "Who are you?"     
"Talia."     
After a second of hesitation, the door opened enough to reveal a face.     
Talia's brows came together in a frown. Her light brown hair was messy, and she looked like she had lost a considerable amount of weight, but that was definitely Olivia. She was wearing worn-out clothes, a t-shirt and jeans, and she had a tan-colored apron.     
Talia's heart tightened when she realized that Olivia was looking at her without signs of recognition.     
"Don't you remember me? I was an orphan, staying in the attic of the packhouse of the Red Moon pack. You would bring me food and books and teach me how to read and…"     
"Talia."     
"Yes. Yes," Talia said enthusiastically.     
"Why are you here? Is your mate from this pack?"     
"No. Can we talk inside?"     
Olivia hesitated, and her eyes widened in shock when Damon stood behind Talia. He didn't want to interrupt, but they couldn't stay outside for long without being noticed. Even if no one was physically there, werewolves have very good vision and can spot them from a distance. There was also a possibility that they triggered some security or were within the range of cameras.     
Before Damon could say anything, Olivia bowed her head and pulled her shoulders together to protect her neck.         
"He won't harm you," Talia said quickly. "This is my mate, Damon. Can we come in?"     
Olivia took a step back, silently giving them an OK to enter, but she didn't raise her head.     
###Chapter 990: Finding Olivia (3)
Chapter 990: Finding Olivia (3)
Talia and Damon stepped inside the cabin to find themselves in one room that was a kitchen and a dining area with a table that had two chairs. On the left was an open door through which Talia could see a sofa and a coffee table.         
Talia didn't know how to react to Olivia's submissive behavior. She expected many things, but this was horrible. Even abused she-wolves at the shelter were not this timid, and it seemed that Damon's presence made things worse.     
"Can you wait in that room?" Talia asked Damon while gesturing to the door on the left.     
Damon nodded and went there.     
"Olivia?" Talia called as she stepped toward the female, and she touched Olivia's chin, making her lift her head. "What happened to you?"     
"Nothing."     
"This is not nothing," Talia said sternly. She remembered Olivia as a bubbly girl with a smile that compared to sunshine, and this was different. The Red Moon pack treated Omegas horribly, but no one dared to bully Olivia because her father was the chief pack doctor.     
'You are scaring the girl,' Liseli spoke in Talia's mind. 'She is obviously abused. I can barely sense her wolf.'     
Talia's temper flared. How dare they abuse Olivia to the point of harming her wolf!     
Talia released a long breath to calm down and spoke softly. "I won't harm you, and neither will my mate." She waited for Olivia to nod before asking, "Where is your mate?"     
"He won't be back until tonight."     
"Will anyone else come?"     
Olivia shook her head.     
"Good," Talia said and moved toward the table. "How about we sit, and you tell me what you've been up to since you left the Red Moon pack?"     
Olivia apprehensively looked toward the direction where Damon went.     
"He won't disturb us," Talia assured her, and Olivia gingerly sat on the chair.     
"What do you want to know?"     
"Everything," Talia said. "I remember you telling me that your mate was talking to your dad. His name is Luis, right?"     
Olivia nodded a little.     
"You were so happy to find your mate. How is your life?"     
Olivia's face fell.     
"You can tell me," Talia encouraged her.     
Olivia's head fell, and Talia decided to do something.     
Talia released some of her aura. Comforting warmth wrapped around Olivia, holding her tightly, yet gently, like a mother's embrace.     
Olivia's shoulders shook, and she started crying silently. It was a long time since someone was so caring, and she missed it immensely.     
"What happened to you, Olivia?" Talia asked. "I need to know. Everything…"         
Olivia was a sobby mess, but she started talking about how Luis was polite and stern, maybe a bit distant, but she believed that was because they had just met, and he needed to warm up to her. But the moment they reached the territory of the Shadowbite pack, things changed.     
"He changed," Olivia said and wiped her nose on her apron. "Or maybe he didn't change, but I was too blind to see who he was. He told me that here, he was in charge, and I must obey him or suffer the consequences. I thought he was joking, but soon I realized that he didn't…" Verbal abuse quickly turned into a physical one, and he would deny her food and medical help if she even looked at him wrongly.     
Olivia was his cook, cleaner, and a bedmate when he wished one. He would keep her contained within their cabin, and contact with other females was rare and supervised.     
She got pregnant during her first heat, but she miscarried when he hit her because dinner was not flavored as he liked it. After that, he called her incompetent to give him a pup, and the beatings intensified.     
Olivia said that not all females are treated this badly, at least not to her knowledge. "But it's not all bad. When I make the dinner right, my chores are completed how he likes them, and when his day with warriors is not bad, Luis will be good to me."     
Olivia poured her soul out, venting her grievances and telling about her everyday life, and Talia cried with her.     
'That's not good for our pup, kitten,' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's mind, and she was grateful that he still stayed out of sight.     
"Olivia," Talia called while wiping her tears with the back of her palm. "If you could leave, right now, would you?"     
"Leave? Where?"     
"With me, to the Dark Howlers pack."     
"Luis will never allow it. I don't know how you got here, but Alpha Silas won't allow it either."     
"That is not their decision to make, Olivia," Talia said. "Don't think about them. Think about yourself. I can take you away from here."     
Olivia paused. "You never told me… why are you here? Don't tell me you were in the neighborhood and came to say hi."     
"I have an event, and I wanted to invite you," Talia said while omitting the Alpha and Luna business. "Unfortunately, your Alpha prevented our messengers from delivering an invitation, so I came to do it in person."     
"An event you can invite me to?" Olivia asked absentmindedly.     
"Yes. A party."     
"And you can take me away and return me without anyone noticing?"     
Talia was confused. Why was Olivia talking about coming back?     
"I won't return you here unless that's what you want. I won't force you to come to the party either. It's your choice. If you wish to leave this place forever, I can give you a new home. You need to break your mate bond and denounce this pack."     
Olivia stared at Talia. She wanted to say something, but the door flew open.     
A male appeared, and he glared at Talia. "Who are you?"     
Olivia was quick to stand between them. "She is my friend."     
Talia realized that the burly guy was Luis, Olivia's mate. She couldn't see him clearly because Olivia was blocking the view, but the guy was huge!     
Talia was about to introduce herself when Damon appeared at the door, and before anyone could react, Olivia's body flew to the side, and she hit the stove with her hip violently.     
Talia gaped at Luis. "Why did you hit her?" And this was not just a hit. Olivia flew like she was a paper kite.         
Luis snorted. "She dared to stand in front of me and show disrespect… Ahhh!" He ended with a shriek and fell to his knees as Damon's aura pressed on him.     
"Why didn't you attack him right away?" Damon grumbled at Talia. "What if he hurt you?"     
"He couldn't harm me, and I was hoping we could resolve this peacefully," Talia explained. Well, she was hoping for peace until he hit Olivia.     
Seeing that Luis' eyes were rolling at the back of his head, she reminded Damon, "Don't kill him. He can be useful."     
Talia moved to Olivia and helped her to stand. "Are you alright? Where did you get hurt?"     
Talia was about to lift Olivia's t-shirt and see where the bruise was forming, but Olivia tugged the t-shirt back with, "I am fine."     
"This is NOT fine, Olivia!" Talia snapped. "This is not normal. You don't need to endure. Mate bond doesn't give him the right to do this!"     
Olivia was tearing up again. "You don't understand. I have nowhere to go. They will not let me go. They will hunt me and punish me for disobedience. I can't leave this place."     
"Yes, you can!" Talia exclaimed. "Reject him as your mate and come with me to a life where you don't need to bow your head for existing."     
Olivia was a mess. She didn't know what to do.     
###Chapter 991: Finding Olivia (4)
Chapter 991: Finding Olivia (4)
"Olivia," Talia called gently. She could use her Alpha command to force Olivia to obey her, but she wanted Olivia to do this on her own.         
In order to help Olivia see the situation clearly, Talia used her aura to obstruct the mate bond between Olivia and Luis. That bond was set to pull two together, no matter how toxic the situation was.     
"Do you remember how you read the Cinderella story to me?" Talia asked. "I loved it because a prince came and rescued a poor girl. I spent my days imagining I was Cinderella and Omegas in the packhouse were my evil stepsisters. I was living in the attic and waiting for my prince to rescue me." She glanced at Damon. "I believe that fairytales can come true. Maybe not in the literal sense, but they tell us there is such a thing as a happy ending, and we don't need to suffer abuse and neglect."     
Talia held Olivia's hands and squeezed a little. "I remember how happy you were when you told me you found your mate. Look at him. He is not a prince. He is a monster. Being alone is better than this. I want to rescue you, but you need to be strong enough to push him away. Reject him as your mate. A mate should love you and treat you well, and not make you shrink in fear."     
Olivia took a few shaky breaths and then looked at Luis who was sprawled on the floor, unable to get up under the pressure of Damon's Alpha aura.     
With the pull of the bond diminished, Olivia saw Luis in a different light.     
Somehow, the so far intimidating Luis looked small, and he would be pitiful if not for that sneer on his face. Why was she infatuated with him? When she left the Red Moon pack, Olivia was full of hopes and dreams, and Luis shattered them all at once to show her that reality was ugly and full of pain.     
Olivia had no idea what Talia was offering, but nothing could be worse than this.     
With that, Olivia gathered what was left of her courage and said, "I, Olivia of the Shadowbite pack, reject you, Luis, as my mate."     
Olivia inhaled sharply, waiting for the gut-wrenching pain to come, but it didn't. The only odd thing was the burning sensation on her neck, but the pain in her hip overshadowed it. Olivia could see Talia looking at her with a pair of silvery eyes, and she barely noticed that Luis was wailing on the floor.     
"Stop being a whiny-ass baby!" Damon said irritably, and he said in a deeper voice that echoed against the walls of the cabin, "Accept her rejection!"     
Luis didn't want to, but his mouth opened on its own, and the words came out.     
Olivia felt something was missing inside her chest, but it was not painful. It was like a burden was taken away.     
"Should I denounce my pack?" Olivia asked Talia.     
"Not yet. We will do that last because your Alpha will find out about it."     
Olivia nodded in understanding. "What are we waiting for?"     
"Pack your things," Talia said. "If there is anything you can't leave behind, take it with you. We will leave as soon as you are ready."     
Olivia left into the adjacent room, and Talia turned to Luis.     
Damon watched as Talia's hair turned silver, and he knew that Talia was looking into Luis' memories. He didn't know how many secrets Luis held, but even some were better than none. There was no way they could leave him alive after this. Luis saw too much.     
Damon was alerted when the air filled with tangible hostility, and he saw black streaks twirling in Talia's eyes.     
"Damn it!" Damon cursed under his breath when he realized that Talia also saw what Luis did to Olivia over the years, and probably more than that. Double damn it!     
Damon put his hand on Talia's cheek and forced her to look at him. "Kitten, snap out of it. It's over. Whatever he did…"     
Damon's voice trailed when a series of rapid snaps came from the floor. It's not that he wanted to spare Luis' life, but he didn't want Talia to carry that weight. Well, what was done was done.     
Damon wanted to pull Talia into a hug, but Talia raised her hand to stop him, and she looked at him seriously.     
"We need to leave," Talia said. "The moment he saw me, he mind-linked his Alpha about intruders. They will be here any minute."     
Olivia was at the door, now pale as a sheet of paper. Talia didn't know if Olivia's horror was because Luis was dead or because of what Talia said. Olivia was clutching a bundle made out of a bedsheet that reminded Talia of the bundle she had taken when she fled the Red Moon pack.         
"Denounce the Shadowbite pack," Damon said to Olivia with urgency.     
Without delay, Olivia spoke, "I, Olivia of the Shadowbite pack, denounce the Shadowbite pack as my own, and I reject Alpha Silas as my Alpha."     
Olivia clutched her chest as the pack link broke, and Talia pulled her to stand between her and Damon.     
They all saw the door flying open with several people there a split second before violent winds enveloped them, and the three of them appeared in the garden behind the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack.     
Talia smiled. "We did it!" Talia's smile fell when Olivia plopped down like a ragdoll.     
"Olivia!" Talia cried.     
'She is seriously hurt,' Liseli said. 'She has severe injuries that are old, and some internal organs ruptured when her mate hit her. Breaking the mate bond and pack link only added to it. She was running on adrenaline, but her body couldn't keep up.'     
'We need to save her!'     
'You can't,' Liseli said. 'All this teleportation drained you, and mate doesn't look like he is in top condition either.'     
Talia looked up at Damon to see that he was pale. Their mate bond allowed her to use his energy when they resonated with each other, but they had already teleported twice, and it was obvious that Damon was not well.     
She wanted to save her friend, but not while risking her baby or Damon's wellbeing.     
There was only one thing to do.     
"We need to take her to the doctor!" Talia said to Damon.     
"Let me take her."     
Talia's head whipped there to see Valerian approaching from the side.     
Valerian spent a lot of time in the garden, mostly keeping to himself, and sometimes Talia would forget he was there. Talia believed that her ability to conceal her presence came from her father.     
In the last month, Valerian was resting, eating, and exercising under Travis' and Keith's supervision, and he was visibly better. The emaciated man they found in the dungeon was long gone. Now there were muscles, and even though he was still lean for an Alpha, Valerian was filling up nicely.     
Valerian scooped Olivia in his arms. "I know the way. Mind-link Travis, so he knows to expect me."     
With that, Valerian dashed in the direction of the pack hospital.     
Talia mind-linked Travis, 'Doctor, a patient is coming to the pack hospital.'     
'Situation?' Travis asked without wasting time on pleasantries.     
'It's a victim of abuse. Her body is in bad condition, and her wolf is weak. I'm unable to come, so my father is bringing her. She is unconscious.'     
'Alright.'     
'Travis?'     
'Yes?'         
'Please, take care of her. Olivia is my friend.'     
'Of course, Luna. I will keep you up to date with the situation here.'     
With that, Talia closed off the mind link.     
Talia wanted to go with Olivia, but she decided against it. Travis was an excellent doctor, and she would be there as a decoration (probably getting in the way) while Damon needed her.     
"Don't worry, kitten," Damon said. He didn't hear the conversation between Talia and Travis, but he saw Talia looking in the direction of the pack hospital with worry on her face. "Travis is the best doctor, and Olivia is a she-wolf. It might take time, but she will heal."     
Talia was touched that he was comforting her, despite his weak state. She tugged Damon's hand, and they moved to sit on a bench.     
"How are you feeling?" Talia asked Damon.     
Damon rubbed his face. "Let's not do this again."     
Talia moved to sit on Damon's lap, and she smiled brightly. "We won't do that again."     
"Are you happy your friend is here?"     
"I am happy she is out of that hellhole! I hope she recovers soon. I would love to have Olivia as part of our big ceremony."     
Damon shook his head helplessly.     
Talia tried to think about what she got from Luis' memories. There were images of other females that were submissive, but she didn't see any in bad shape like Olivia. However, that didn't mean abuse didn't happen outside of Luis' sight. The Shadowbite pack allowed their males to treat females as possessions, and no one would interfere. What was the possibility that Luis was the only one violent?     
"Damon?"     
"Yes, kitten?"     
"Do you think that other females in the Shadowbite pack…"     
Damon put his finger over Talia's lips, preventing her from speaking further. "Let's not jump to conclusions. Maya is from that pack, and she told me that the situation there is bad for females, but there was no mention of this level of abuse. I will get our spies to investigate and see what's going on before we do anything."     
Talia nodded in agreement. "How long will that last?"     
"As long as it takes," Damon responded. "We can't rush this. If we gain the reputation of aggressors, people will resent us, and that will create openings for others to attack. No matter how big and strong we are, if doubts creep among our ranks, we will collapse like a house of cards."     
"You are a wise man, Damon Blake."     
Damon smiled smugly. Talia praising him will never get old.     
###Chapter 992: Not the first time (kidnapping)
Chapter 992: Not the first time (kidnapping)
Talia pecked Damon's lips a few times, and she moved to straddle him on the bench.         
Damon scooted lower slightly so she could sit on his crotch, which swelled already. He was eager to feel her right there. Preferably without clothes.     
Damon wrapped his arms around Talia as he deepened the kiss with a growl. He loved when she initiated any type of intimacy.     
The best feeling was when her body pressed against his while their flavors mixed, and Damon was careful not to apply too much pressure because he didn't want to risk harming their baby.     
Damon knew they were in the garden, and someone might see them, so he didn't go beyond caressing Talia's skin under her blouse. But it was torturous.     
"How about we take this upstairs?" Damon spoke into her lips.     
Talia released a shaky breath. It's not that she didn't want to, but weren't both of them exhausted? Or maybe they could take it slow? Before she could respond, an angry shout reached them.     
"Damon!"     
It was Caden.     
Caden didn't care that Damon and Talia were making out on a bench in the garden. "What did you do in the Shadowbite pack?"     
Damon groaned in frustration when Talia moved away from him, but he didn't let her stand up.     
"Nothing," Damon responded grumpily. How did Caden know they went there? Damon's strategy was to deny and investigate later. "How can I be on the other side of the country when I'm here, in the garden, with my mate?"     
Caden cocked an eyebrow. "Don't bullshit me. The two of you teleported about half an hour ago."     
Damon cursed under his breath when he realized... Keith. That snitch!     
Well, there was no point in denying it further. "Sure, we teleported. What about it?"     
"What did you do there?" Caden continued pressing.     
"Why do you think we did anything?"     
Caden narrowed his eyes at Damon. "Because I just got off the call with Alpha Silas. He told me a wild story about intruders, strange winds, Olivia's mate dead, and Olivia missing. Do I need more to know you were there?"     
"That's all circumstantial evidence. It doesn't mean it was us."     
Caden couldn't believe this! Was he talking to a grown man or with a child? "You can't go around kidnapping people."     
Damon shrugged. "I'm not admitting to anything, but it wouldn't be the first time." Didn't they technically kidnap Talia? And look how well that turned out.     
"This is different!"     
Talia had enough. She was already stressed and hormonal, and she was having a moment with Damon! They were about to go up for some sexy time, but Caden came and ruined it!     
"That was NOT kidnapping," Talia said. "I wanted to visit my friend. I found out she was abused to the point of her wolf suffering and her mate assaulted her right in front of me."     
Caden wanted to say how they have no right to meddle in the internal affairs of another pack, but if he said that after Talia's story about abuse, it would make him look like an asshole.     
"Where is she now?" Caden asked.         
"If you must know, she is in the pack hospital, fighting for her life," Talia responded.     
Caden's eyes widened. "In OUR pack hospital?"     
"Did you expect me to turn a blind eye when someone is hurt because she dared to have a guest?"     
"You don't need to tell me how bad the situation is there," Caden said to Talia. "However, the universal rule is that one can leave a pack amicably only to follow their mate."     
Talia looked at Caden sternly. "Get your facts straight, Beta Caden. Olivia denounced her pack before she left with us, and she broke the mate bond before we killed Luis. That means Olivia was an unmated female who didn't belong to any pack before she stepped into the Dark Howlers pack. As for killing that violent buffoon, it was in self-defense. The only thing they can pin on us is trespassing. Assuming they can prove it was us, give them some compensation, and we will be done with it."     
Damon looked at Talia with sparkles in his eyes. His kitten was brilliant!     
"Trespassing?" Caden asked in disbelief to what both Damon and Talia nodded.     
Caden needed a moment to process this. Damon and Talia went there, killed a person, and took away another. How can that be reduced to trespassing? But his Alpha and Luna were united on this matter, and his ions would be wasting his breath.     
He still had to say, "We can deny this. However, if they confirm Olivia is here, it will blow out of proportion."     
Damon smirked. "Why would they blow anything when we took in a stray she-wolf?"     
"You will deny you were there," Caden said in disbelief. "Is our story that Olivia killed her mate, avoided their patrols to escape their territory, and crossed two thousand miles without being discovered until she reached out pack?"      
"Sounds good to me," Damon said, and he looked at Talia. "What do you think?"     
Talia confirmed without delay. "That's exactly what happened. The journey was so strenuous that the poor girl is recovering in our pack hospital."     
Caden looked at Damon and Talia helplessly. So far, he had to deal with Damon's unpredictable behavior, and instead of stabilizing him, Talia was adding oil to the fire. What a headache.     
…     
Olivia was drifting in and out of consciousness, and her mind was swimming.     
Somehow, there were hazy images of Talia showing up with a guy she called her mate, then Luis hitting her, and she broke the bond… Did that really happen?     
But, if the mate bond was gone, what was this pleasantly prickling feeling on her right side? It was just like when she met Luis and when he held her before he took her to the Shadowbite pack.     
The haze consumed her, and this time she could hear rhythmical beeping. Was this the pack hospital in the Red Moon pack? While growing up, Olivia would fall asleep on a free hospital bed while her father tended to his patients.     
Olivia wondered if all that was a dream.      
Maybe she never went to the Shadowbite pack. Maybe they were still in the Red Moon pack, and Luis was treating her nicely, and she was looking forward to a bright future. Or maybe she didn't meet Luis at all, but he was just a product of her imagination.     
With that, Olivia drifted off to darkness again.     
Something was off, yet it felt right. The scent of bergamot filled her senses, and this time Olivia was confident that she was close to her father. He was the only one who would add bergamot to sanitizer to make it minty and citrusy and to soften the harsh pinch of alcohol; it was the scent that seeped into her father's clothes and all their furniture.     
Only after leaving home, Olivia realized how much she loved that scent which would always bring a smile to her face. She thought that comfort of bergamot was gone forever, yet here it was, all around her.     
Olivia tried to move, but she felt trapped. Was she stuck somewhere?         
Her body was pleasantly numb, but she could feel the little prickles on her right side, this time, with the scent of bergamot.     
Olivia's eyes fluttered open, and it took her some time to focus her vision and observe where she was.     
It was an unknown room, but white walls and the beeping of machines on her left were a giveaway that she was in a hospital. There was an IV stuck into her left arm and…     
"Ahh!" Olivia cried when she realized there was a man on her bed. She didn't want to wake him up, but he startled her, and he was definitely a stranger. What kind of a hospital was this?     
Travis' eyes sprang open, and he stared at Olivia. The horror in her eyes broke something in him.     
When Valerian brought in Olivia, Travis couldn't believe this was happening. Talia told him to expect a patient, a victim of abuse named Olivia, and that she was Talia's friend.     
Travis didn't expect that the girl would be so skinny and broken, and his heart cracked from the anguish that swelled within him. Who dared to ruin such a wonderful female?     
She smelled of sweet mangoes, and his wolf was howling.     
'MATE!'     
Travis jolted when that word echoed in his mind, and it took every ounce of his control to focus on the girl as a patient. She needed him to make things better, and for that, he needed to stay present.     
He wanted to know what had happened, but Valerian didn't have that information.     
Travis' wolf growled while urging Travis to find whoever dared to harm their mate and rip those bastards into pieces. It was hard to focus, but he pushed through the exams and surgery, and then he collapsed on the bed next to her. Until now.     
"Who are you?" Olivia asked. "Why are you in my bed?"     
Travis' wolf urged him to stick close to Olivia, but Travis knew better. He slowly got up from the bed and took a step back. He lifted his hands, indicating that he meant no harm.     
"You had surgery. Try not to move. I am Travis Arzt, a doctor in the Dark Howlers pack. Your mate."     
"My mate?" Olivia asked while wondering if her ears malfunctioned. "How is that possible? My mate is Luis." Or did she imagine that?     
Travis' expression darkened. "Luis? Is he the one who did this to you!? Where is he?" Travis was ready to give him the death of thousand cuts!     
Olivia blinked. "Luis is… dead."     
Travis' chest was heaving. He was full of this inexplicable rage without an outlet. How can he kill a guy who is already dead?     
Travis stared into Olivia's hazel eyes, and he was not sure if he should feel happy or sad or angry. Nothing seemed right. He found his mate. She was right there, beautiful and smelling of sweet mangoes, but her body was battered, and she said someone else was her mate.     
###Chapter 993: Getting closer (T&O)
Chapter 993: Getting closer (T&O)
Talia and Damon entered the room to see Olivia sitting on the bed and Travis standing one step away from her.         
Nurses were updating Talia on Olivia's condition, so Talia knew that Olivia had surgery and was recovering. Based on the changes in readings from the machines attached to Olivia, nurses notified Talia that Olivia was awake. That's why she came.     
"You are awake," Talia said with a smile, and she paused when she realized that Olivia barely paid any attention to her. Olivia was totally focused on Travis.     
Talia's eyes moved from Olivia to Travis, and then she put her hand over her mouth. She could feel the energy fluctuations between them, which confirmed they were mates, but something was off.     
"What's going on?" Talia asked.     
This time, Olivia reacted. She turned to look at Talia. "He says he is my mate."     
"Do you think he is lying?"     
"I don't know what to think." Olivia realized that Travis kept his head down in submission when Damon and Talia entered. "Who are you?"     
"I guess I didn't introduce myself properly. My full name is Natalia Moonrider. I am the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack and this…" Talia tilted her head toward Damon. "...is my mate, Damon Blake, the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack."     
Olivia gaped at Talia. "Did you say you are an Alpha?"     
"No matter who I am, I will always be Talia, your friend."     
'You have bigger problems than your friendship to salvage, girl,' Liseli spoke in Talia's mind. 'With her wolf weakened, Olivia doesn't feel the mate bond.'     
Only then Talia realized what was wrong. She knew firsthand what it meant not to feel the bond because she went through that with Damon. At that time, even if someone told her that Damon was her mate, Talia wouldn't believe it. On top of Olivia's body and spirit weakened, she also had a bad experience of abuse by her first mate and the breaking of that bond was still fresh. What a mess.     
Talia needed to tread carefully, or this might implode.     
Talia remembered when she met Travis for the first time. His demeanor reminded him of Olivia. Wasn't that a sign they were two halves of a whole?     
Talia walked to the bed and held Olivia's hand. "This man is Doctor Travis. He is the main Doctor in the Dark Howlers pack, and he would never harm a person regardless of if she is his mate or not."     
Olivia's eyes teared up. "You say he is my mate, but I don't feel it."     
"I know your wolf is weak, but can't you sense his scent?" Talia reached to take Travis' hand and she guided him to put his hand over Olivia's. "Don't you feel the sparks even a little bit? Aren't your instincts telling you that this man is your other half?"     
Olivia stared at their connected hands. Did she feel something? There was the prickling sensation, and Travis' touch felt good but… "The sparks were wrong before." She pulled her hand away and hid it under the blanket.     
Talia could see Travis' disappointment and Olivia's doubts, and her heart ached for both of them.     
"I don't know why the Moon Goddess gave you Luis as a mate," Talia said. "Maybe he was necessary so you can end up here and meet Travis. Travis is a good man. He taught me about herbs and medicine and helped me heal when others thought that my wolf was gone for good. Take your time, Olivia, but don't reject him. He would never harm you. If he dares to raise his voice in your presence, let me know and I will teach him a lesson."     
Olivia's shoulders shook and she lowered her head. Talia wrapped her arms around Olivia and patted her back gently.     
'I'm so sorry, Travis,' Talia spoke through the pack link. 'I know that this is not how mates usually meet, but Olivia is traumatized. You will need to be patient with her. She is a good female, but her mate abused her for the last few years. She broke the bond today. Everything is fresh.'     
Travis' wolf was urging him to get closer to Olivia and not touching her was torturous. 'Tell me what her mate did to her.'     
Talia didn't think it was a good idea. 'Are you sure you want to know?'     
'I need to understand what I'm dealing with if I am going to help her.' His wolf needed to understand also.         
'It won't be pretty,' Talia warned him.     
Travis steeled his resolve. 'I can take it.'     
'Relax. Open up your mind…'     
Travis wondered what Talia was up to, but he did as she asked.     
Travis recoiled when images started flooding his mind.     
Olivia looking at him and smiling... Olivia's expression changed into confusion and then fear… Olivia in tears... Olivia bruised… Olivia setting up the table with shaky hands… Olivia with her head lowered while keeping her eyes tightly closed like she was bracing herself for impact... Olivia crying and begging for the hitting to stop, and then she stopped making noise as she curled up into a ball while wishing for the pain to stop.     
Talia didn't show the ones that were of sexual nature. She wanted to spare Travis from seeing that, knowing that even this would be too much.     
Travis felt his insides churning in dejection and helplessness because it felt so real like it was happening right there. He saw his mate suffering, yet he just stood there and watched. Even worse. He was the one who made her suffer.     
Travis put his hand over his mouth and ran outside.     
"Can you go with him?" Talia asked Damon.     
Damon grimaced. He was not willing! They could hear Travis puking his guts out in the hallway. Why would he go there? But Talia was looking at him pleadingly and he stomped outside.     
"Why did they leave?" Olivia asked.     
"Just as you need time to adjust to this situation, Travis needs the same," Talia explained softly. "He won't force you to accept the bond or his mark, but it's hard to fight the urges to claim his mate. He will be back in a few minutes once he calms down."     
Olivia nodded in understanding. "Will you tell me how you became the Alpha? How did you meet your mate?"     
Talia didn't know where to start. "Tell me what you know, and I will fill you up." She assumed that Olivia knew at least something about the waves caused by the appearance of Alpha Natalia.      
Olivia shook her head. "Since I left the Red Moon pack, my contact outside the Shadowbite pack was cut off. I had no access to television or media. Some rumors would drift in occasionally, but it was more for entertainment because no one knew how reliable they were."     
"Well… The Red Moon pack is gone," Talia said. "Alpha Edward fell in the Alpha challenge."     
Olivia was visibly shaken up by this information. "Who would dare to challenge the Red Moon pack?"     
"He was the one who issued a challenge to the Dark Howlers pack."     
Olivia glanced at the door fearfully. "Your mate killed Alpha Edward?"     
"No. He used a Champion." Talia didn't want to spend time explaining about George and his history, so she stuck to the relevant parts. "The territory and members of the Red Moon pack were divided among other packs, and their packhouse is now a neutral territory that we use for settling disputes."     
"What about my dad?"     
"He is in the Lightclaw pack, working as a pack doctor. I didn't contact him because I didn't know how long you will need to recover. Let me know when you want to see him, and I will set it up."     
Olivia looked toward the window, and she could see her reflection in the glass. She reached to touch her sunken cheek. "Maybe later."     
The door opened and Travis and Damon walked inside.         
Talia and Damon exchanged knowing nods, and Talia said to Olivia, "If you need anything, tell Travis or the nurses. If you want to reach me, they can help you until we get you a cell phone." Or until she joins the Dark Howlers pack.     
Olivia felt fear gripping her insides. "You are leaving?"     
"I will come tomorrow. Until then, spend time with Travis, Olivia."     
Olivia's eyes darted to Travis.     
"He is your mate," Talia reminded Olivia. "He will take care of you. Give him a chance."     
"I don't know how."     
"Listen to your instincts. I know it's hard but give him a chance. You owe that to yourself. You can sit in silence, talk, hold hands, or whatever. If it feels good, go at it. If it's making you uncomfortable, let him know and he will stop."     
Travis looked at Talia gratefully. "Thank you, Luna."     
Talia smiled sadly. She didn't resist when Damon's hand wrapped around her, and Damon led the way outside.     
"Olivia," Travis spoke first. "You are the daughter of the pack doctor from the Red Moon pack."     
"Do you know my dad?"     
"Only from stories."     
"How do you know who I am then?"     
"Talia told me stories about you."     
Olivia blinked. "What did she say?"     
"Talia said that she had one friend while growing up. And it was a kind girl who went out of her way to help her out when no one else would…"     
Olivia smiled a little while Travis reminded her of how Olivia taught Talia about herbs and the basics of medicine, and how they read and studied together.     
Olivia didn't realize at what point Travis sat on the edge of her bed. He was close, and she could feel his behind against her leg through the blanket, but he didn't initiate any physical contact.     
Did she want him to hold her hand? She was not sure but being with Travis like this didn't feel scary at all.     
###Chapter 994: Getting closer (T&O) (cont.)
Chapter 994: Getting closer (T&O) (cont.)
Travis was talking about his early days as a doctor, unaware that Olivia's hand inched closer to his.         
Travis jolted when he felt prickles at the tips of his fingers.     
"Can I touch your hand?" Olivia asked.     
In less than a heartbeat, Travis' hand was palm up. "Of course you can, Olivia. But… don't force yourself." It took everything in him not to grab her hand and hold her, and he wanted to hold the rest of Olivia also.     
Travis remembered Damon's words from the hallway. Damon told him to man up and stop vomiting. Something along the lines, "Look at you, like a pampered human girl who smelled something icky and got collywobbles. Get your shit together, Travis. Your mate needs you. This is not about you…"     
Travis knew that Damon was right. This was not about Travis. It was about Olivia and her overcoming the trauma of abuse.     
Normally, Travis would be the one to advise others about physical and mental health, but it seemed that when it came to his own mate, Travis turned stupid to the point of needing Damon to remind him of what was important.     
Considering that Damon's EQ was negative, Travis realized that he needed to step up his game.     
If he gave in to his instinct, he would scare the female more, and she will see him as another abuser, a guy who can't respect her wishes and boundaries.     
Just saying he won't do anything against her will was not enough. Travis needed to show it.     
Olivia inched closer until her palm was over Travis'.     
"What is your wolf doing?" She asked.     
"My wolf…" Travis shook his head. "You don't want to know."     
Olivia bit her lip nervously. How could she not know? She remembered when she met Luis, her wolf was urging her to pounce on her mate, and she was confident that Travis felt the same, yet he was holding back. For her.     
Olivia licked her lips nervously. "You don't need to contain your instincts."     
Travis' heart cracked. He lifted his free hand and cradled her cheek gently, and he didn't miss that she stiffened upon contact.     
"No matter what my instincts are urging me to do, it won't be good if both of us are not enjoying it, Olivia," Travis said. "I am sorry that your first mate was a monster, and I'm sorry I don't have the power to erase your past, but I give you my word that I will devote my life to healing your scars; physical, mental, and emotional ones. I will be patient until you are ready to open up and accept me completely. There is no need for us to rush into anything. Take your time."     
Oliva's vision was blurred from tears. It has been a long time since a male spoke to her about consent and healing.     
"Am I making you uncomfortable?" Travis asked while caressing her cheek with his fingers.     
Olivia blinked her tears away and looked at him.     
Travis realized that this would require another approach. Olivia forgot how to stand up to herself, and she would never tell him if something was wrong. That Luis bastard broke her.     
Travis pulled his hand away, and Olivia felt the loss of this touch. It was warm and gentle, and she didn't hate it, but she didn't dare ask for it back either.     
"How about we come up with a signal?" Travis suggested. "It can be something subtle."     
Olivia didn't understand. "A signal for what?"     
"For when you want me to stop. Will you be alright with…" Travis thought for a moment. "Touch your ear."     
"What?"         
"When I am making you uncomfortable, touch your ear. Like that, I will know that I need to stop whatever I'm doing. You won't need to explain, and I won't ask questions. What do you say?"     
"I can try."     
Travis smiled. This was progress. "Is it alright if I hold your hand?"     
Olivia nodded.     
"If you don't want it, you can touch your ear," he reminded her.     
"Holding hands is fine," Olivia confirmed.     
Travis held Olivia's hand between his, and he savored the sensation of the sparks that prickled his skin.     
"Why don't you tell me about yourself?" Travis asked.     
"I thought that Talia told you already."     
"Your voice is like music to my ears. Please, tell me whatever you are willing to share."     
This compliment caught Olivia by surprise, and her face exploded in fierce blush.     
Travis panicked when the heart rate machine started beeping frantically. "Did I do something wrong?"     
He pulled his hands away, but Olivia was quick to grab his hand.     
"No, no," Olivia said. "It's just… what you said… it was nice."     
Travis exhaled helplessly. "You better get used to it."     
"To what?"     
"To me being nice."     
Olivia was flustered. "Why would you be nice to me? Look at me."     
"I am looking at you, Olivia. Your eyes are pure, and there is not a shred of malice inside you. You smell of sweet mangoes, and I can assure you that I never saw a more beautiful female in my life, and I believe that I never will."     
The machines were going crazy again, and the door flung open to show two nurses. Jill and Cathy.     
Cathy pushed buttons on the control panel to lower the volume. The beeping was deafening.     
"Doctor Travis," Jill called sternly. "How can you just sit there and not assist the patient?"     
Travis smiled goofily. "What do you say, Jill? Isn't she the most beautiful female on the planet?"     
Jill huffed. "Are you flirting with…" She stopped when Cathy swatted her arm.     
"What?" Jill asked Cathy who was giving her eye signals Jill didn't understand.         
Eventually, Jill got it and shouted, "Did you finally find your mate!?"     
"I did," Travis said. "This is Olivia, my mate. Olivia, the noisy one is Jill, and the perceptive one is Cathy."     
Olivia blinked, unsure how to respond to this.     
Jill's face darkened. Why did he call her the noisy one?     
"Listen, Doctor…" Jill's next words were muffled in Cathy's palm.     
"We apologize for intruding," Cathy said with a knowing smile. "Doctor Travis, if you can verify that patient's health is not in danger, maybe you could disconnect her from the machines." She started dragging Jill out. "If you need us, you know where to find us." Cathy and Jill disappeared behind a door that closed behind them.     
Travis turned to look at Olivia. "Will you be OK?"     
"With what?"     
"With me giving you a checkup."     
Olivia shrunk under the blanket.     
Travis lifted his hands defensively. "Take your time. I promise to be gentle."     
Olivia thought that she was silly. Yes, he was her mate, but he was also her doctor, and somehow… his proximity made her feel safe. She shouldn't make him unwanted because someone else hurt her before.     
Travis' eyebrows shot up when he saw Olivia pushing the blanket lower.     
"Can I examine you?" He asked to what she nodded.     
"Let me know if any of this is uncomfortable." Travis moved slowly by checking her pulse and blood pressure, and then he asked her to lie down.     
"I will lift your gown to inspect the incision. You can raise your arm if I'm hurting you," Travis said with so much tenderness that Olivia felt like crying.     
She didn't dare to look down, but she felt the breeze and then his fingers pressing slowly around the area that was covered with gauze.     
Travis swallowed hard. That was his mate, right there, and she was perfect in every way possible, but he couldn't pretend that he didn't see her ribs sticking out to stretch her skin covered in bruises. Luis was lucky to be dead.     
###Chapter 995: Malia strikes again (T&O)
Chapter 995: Malia strikes again (T&O)
"I don't see any bleeding or signs of infection," Travis said while forcing his voice to stay even as he pulled her hospital gown lower.         
Normally, he would focus on the injury and not on the person. That approach allowed him to remain ive and act rationally, but when it came to Olivia, his years of training and practice were for naught.     
It was not fair. Meeting mate should be magical and full of physical affection and carnal pleasures, yet instead of rejoicing the fact that he found his mate, Travis was in agony.     
Everything within Travis screamed to hold the female in front of him, to kiss her, possess her, and complete mating by sinking his teeth into her neck to mark her as his, and he had difficulty keeping his urges in check. If he rushed Olivia into something she was not ready to accept, he would be the same as the abuser who brought her into this state.     
He was better than that.     
"Let me help you sit up."     
Olivia blinked to see Travis offering his hand for her to take, and she did.     
His other hand landed on her back as he gently supported her to sit.     
"I will listen to your lungs and heart. Can you breathe in and hold it for a second?"     
Olivia inhaled a shaky breath, acknowledging that the scent of bergamot full of good memories was wafting from Travis.     
The stethoscope moved over her back, and she reminded herself to breathe.     
Olivia's time as a child in the hospital of the Red Moon pack held some of her best memories. She wished to go there, to that time of innocence when she believed that the worst things in life were injuries warriors sustained, and her father could fix them all with a few stitches and a bottle of medicine.     
The last few years left horrible scars on her soul, and she wondered if she would ever be complete again. Wasn't she just a burden? Luis would call her all kinds of names and tell her that she was useless and that she was lucky he was putting up with her.     
Just by looking at Travis, Olivia could tell that he was a kind man. He didn't deserve a mate like Olivia, broken. Wouldn't it be better just to let him go? But Talia made her promise not to reject him…     
"How are you feeling?"     
Travis' voice sounded close to her ear, and she whipped her head to see that his chin nearly rested on her shoulder. Close. Super-close.     
From this distance, she could see every speck of blue in his gray eyes full of concern.     
"If my proximity is making you uncomfortable…" Travis' voice trailed when Olivia reached to touch his forehead. Her fingers trailed over his temple, and then she brushed his ear.     
"You should touch YOUR ear if you want me to step away," Travis reminded her.     
"I don't want you to step away," Olivia said in a small voice.     
Travis' heart soared. Progress! How far can he push it without pushing too much? "Can I hug you?"     
Olivia nodded faintly. It was barely noticeable, but that was definitely a nod.     
His arms moved around her, and he pulled her to lean on him as he awkwardly bent behind her to maximize the surface of her back touching his chest.     
Travis stuck his nose at the base of her neck, and he took a deep breath that filled his system with the scent of sweet mangoes.     
"Bergamot," she whispered.     
"What?"         
"Bergamot. Mint and citrus."     
Travis knew what bergamot was, but he had no idea why she brought it up. "Do you want me to get you some?"     
"You are doing it."     
Travis realized… "Is that how I smell to you?"     
"Yes."     
"Do you like that scent?" Travis asked.     
"I always did."     
"Good."     
"Is it?"     
"Of course. It confirms your wolf is here. I will get you better in no time."     
Olivia smiled at his words. "How about you come in front?"     
Travis was not willing to let go of her, no matter how awkward his posture was. He waited for that hug forever!     
"Is my checkup done?" Olivia asked when she realized that Travis was not moving a muscle.     
"Yes. I disconnected the machines."     
"Can you help me lie down and come next to me?"     
"Next to you? Where?" Did she want him to sit on the chair?     
Olivia patted the mattress on her right.     
Travis' eyebrows shot up. "Are you sure? I mean… I want to, but... you know..."      
Olivia smiled at Travis' awkward stumbling over his words. "I don't know if it will be alright, but I am willing to try."     
Travis helped her lie down slowly, and he was next to her in less than a second.     
He didn't know where to put his hands. Was it OK if he touched her? Hugged her? He didn't want to risk it.     
He laid on her right and propped his head on his elbow while facing her.      
"Is this alright?" Travis asked. Their legs were touching through the blanket.     
"Yes."     
"Are you in pain?"         
"I am fine," Olivia assured him. "What made you become a doctor?"     
"My father was the pack doctor. He is retired and is traveling…"     
Olivia listened to Travis' story how his father taught him the basics of medicine, and she couldn't believe how much in common they had.     
…     
It was early the next morning when Talia peeked into Olivia's room to see that Travis and Olivia were sleeping on the bed, with Olivia being cocooned in Travis' arms.     
Talia waved at Damon to see inside, and he held the door open while Talia tiptoed in to leave the basket with fruits on the table.     
Talia was almost out when she heard Olivia calling softly, "Talia?"     
Talia turned in slow motion. "Sorry for waking you up. I didn't hear from you the whole night, so I thought of checking on you, but it seems things are fine. I left you fruits. I will stop by later."     
"Talia?" Olivia called again.     
"Yes?"     
"Thank you for everything."     
Talia knew that this thank you was for not giving up on Olivia, for coming to check on her in the Shadowbite pack and making her break the bond and flee the pack and bringing her here where she found her mate that will treat her well.     
"You are welcome, Olivia. Repay me by being happy."     
"I will."     
Talia glanced at Travis who was pretending to be asleep, but she didn't want to call him out. Did Olivia notice? It didn't matter.     
Talia wondered, was there any truth in her having the ability to bring mates together? Maybe Malia was a thing, and she should look into it more. If everyone had fated mates, they would have less time for scheming and meddling in other people's business.     
Talia waved and left the room with Damon.     
Olivia's body was exhausted, medications made her drowsy, and Travis' proximity came with warmth and the feeling of safety. She looked at his relaxed expression, and she couldn't believe that he could do that, make her feel safe. It was something she used to take for granted, but now she knew better.     
Olivia snuggled closer to Travis, and she buried her face into his chest to take a deep breath filled with bergamot, and then she drifted off to sleep again.     
Travis waited for Olivia's breathing to become slow and even, and then he pressed his lips to the top of her head.     
Olivia didn't say it outright, but somehow… he knew that she accepted him, and it made him nearly cry with joy.     
---     
You can see Travis & Olivia's pic in the comments ;)     
###Chapter 996: The Luna Ceremony of the century (1)
Chapter 996: The Luna Ceremony of the century (1)
As the day of Talia's Luna ceremony approached, the Dark Howlers pack was buzzing with activity.         
Guests were arriving from around the world. High-ranking werewolves, witches, humans, and even a few Guardians (like Edgar, Declyn, and Julian).     
More than a thousand guests included individuals who had connections to the Dark Howlers pack, the Midnight Guardians pack, Talia, and Damon. The event was set to be streamed as well. It was the event of the century.      
Every member of the Dark Howlers pack and the Midnight Guardians pack was invited, even Omegas.     
Members of the Dark Howlers pack hosted guests, the packhouse was full, and the hotels in nearby human cities were out of vacancy.     
This event was a big deal.     
Because of human presence, other creatures were warned that they shouldn't do anything non-human, and the patrols were strengthened to assure rogues don't come to cause a ruckus.     
Tatiana and Mindy were the main organizers, setting up the whole ceremony to look like a massive wedding with the bridal party participating in a ceremony where Damon and Talia will exchange vows. After that, there will be dinner and a celebratory party.     
Talia picked her bridesmaids, and Damon picked his groomsmen, and then they added their mates as plus ones, and it became huge, but Damon said that anything less than that was unacceptable.     
The celebrations started in Darkbourne three days ago with festivities to honor Damon, Talia, and the future Alpha in Talia's belly.     
The main venue for the wedding was next to the lake.     
Omegas cleared the area and set up a podium for the ceremony, as well as one for the band. There will be a dancing area and numerous tables with chairs, several bars, and a big tent for final food preparations before it is served.     
The winter was not easing up, but in the Pacific Northwest, winters are mild, and witches set up in advance energy crystals to ward off any rain clouds and warm up the ground. Like this, it was pleasant for humans so that everyone could attend the wedding in the open.     
In the packhouse…     
Talia was standing in front of a full-length mirror while Tatiana was tying the elegant silk ribbons at her back to adjust the bodice.     
Also in the room were Cornelia, Amelia, Mindy, Meg, Kalina, Sandy, Michelle, Daria, Yasmin, Arya, Trisha, Zina, and Dawn.     
Arya, Sandy, Zina, Michelle, and Amelia were in front of dressing stations with mirrors for Omegas to fix their hair and makeup for the ceremony. Other females were sitting on the sofas and snacking on fruits while chatting in a lively atmosphere.      
Most of the females in the room were wearing black and white bridesmaids' dresses which had chest area covered in white and black crystals and a high waistline from where a knee-length flowy skirt started. The skirt was black at the waist, and it faded into white at the bottom. Those were Tatiana's creations to symbolize black and white, the groom and the bride. The high waistline was perfect for accommodating the pregnancy bellies of several bridesmaids, as Cornelia, Mindy, and Meg were showing.     
No matter how impressive the bridesmaids' dresses were, they all admired Talia's gown, which looked like it came from the fashion catalog made for royalty.     
It was a sleeveless white dress with a sweetheart neckline. The bodice was embellished with silvery sequins and diamonds. The cathedral train tulle skirt had intricate embroidery, which featured shiny see-through stones and numerous white pearls.     
"Did I tell you how wonderful this dress is?" Talia asked Tatiana.     
"You should thank Damon. He is the one who paid for the materials," Tatiana said.     
Talia wondered if Damon would approve of the dress.     
"I will thank him later." In private. Talia's brows came together at the thought of her and Damon alone with that dress on her. Will Damon rip the dress? That was highly likely. When her Alpha sets his mind on mating, he doesn't care how much money and work went into the garment that got in the way.     
Tatiana stuck her finger under ribbons that crisscrossed along Talia's back. "How is this? Is it too tight? Can you breathe? Is there pressure on your stomach?"     
Talia's bump was visible when she was naked or wearing something tight, but this gown had lines made of diamonds in such a way that it created a deception of a flat abdomen.         
"It's not tight," Talia responded.     
"Are you sure?"     
"I don't know how you made it this comfortable." The gown had a bulky appearance, but it was surprisingly light and soft. Like a cloud.     
Tatiana smiled proudly. "These are special materials."     
The door opened, and Talia turned to see Olivia peeking in before coming into the room gingerly.     
Olivia was familiar with all the females present, but she was shy in a big company and would frighten easily.     
Two days after being discharged from the hospital, Olivia became a member of the Dark Howlers pack. Olivia was living with Travis, and she was helping him in the hospital. In the last few weeks, her physical appearance improved drastically, and she resembled the female Talia remembered before she left the Red Moon pack years ago.     
Talia's eyes fell on Olivia's neck.      
Olivia's steps halted, and she subconsciously reached for the left side of her neck.     
Talia smiled slyly. "Travis marked you."     
Olivia nervously glanced to her right, only to see all females staring at her.     
"The good doctor got his pecker wet! I wish it happened last week!" Mindy exclaimed, and Olivia's face exploded in blush.     
"Don't be shy," Kalina said to Olivia, and she turned to Dawn. "Pay up!"     
Dawn pouted. "I'm not paying anything. That mark doesn't mean they had sex."     
Kalina cocked an eyebrow and turned to Olivia. "Well? Did you have sex with your mate?"     
Olivia swallowed hard. "What?"     
"Did you bet on when Olivia and Travis will seal the bond?" Talia asked in disbelief.     
Kalina nodded earnestly. "I said it would be in the week of your Luna ceremony. Dawn, Amelia, and Arya said it would be next week, and Mindy and Sandy put their bets on the previous week. Cornelia said it would happen after the new year."     
"Don't forget Maya. She was for this week also," Cornelia reminded Kalina. "You will need to share the winning with her."     
Talia shook her head helplessly and looked at Olivia.     
"We are happy for you," Talia said, and then she spoke to Olivia through the mind link, 'Ignore them. They mean no harm. Did you have fun?'     
Olivia bit her lip and responded through the mind-link, only for Talia to hear, 'Travis was… wonderful.' He was gentle and patient, and caring, and he put her first. It was all that Luis wasn't and so much more, and Olivia was so happy that she feared it was all a dream and she would wake up to see it was not real. But it was real because she woke up in Travis' embrace, and the first thing he did was ask her if she was OK to what she responded how she was much more than OK. Travis' kiss ignited a passion Olivia had never felt before, and they made love in the morning (twice), and they would probably still be in bed if Talia's Luna ceremony was not such a big deal.     
Talia put her hand behind her back and showed a thumbs up to the females on the sofa.     
"YES!" Kalina screamed. "I knew it! Victory is MINE!"     
Olivia flinched, unsure what was going on, but then Tatiana pushed a black-and-white dress into her hands with, "The ceremony won't wait for you."         
Tatiana's tone told Olivia that this was nonnegotiable, and she scurried into the bathroom.     
Kalina was jumping for joy.     
"Lina!" Talia called sternly. "Stop jumping!"     
Kalina looked at her feet. "Are you afraid I will break a heel or damage your carpet?"     
Talia giggled. "None. But I fear you might hurt your pup."     
Kalina's jaw fell open slack. "What did you say?"     
"Did you say that Kalina is pregnant!?" Tatiana shrieked while holding onto her belly. Out of all the bellies in the room, Tatiana's was the biggest one. "Are you sure?"     
Talia confirmed with a confident nod.     
Kalina sat on the sofa in slow motion, and she held onto her stomach. She didn't get pregnant during her first heat, so she didn't dare to hope that the second time would be much better, but this… was wonderful.     
"Please, don't tell Tony. I want to surprise him," Kalina said, and females murmured in agreement.     
The door of the room flew open to show Maya come in breathily. "Am I late?"     
Talia greeted her with a smile. "No, you are just on time."     
"We thought you won't make it, considering that you went into heat four days ago," Cornelia said.     
Maya responded with a stiff smile while swallowing the pinch at the back of her throat.     
Maya's previous heat was just over a month ago. Talia predicted it in advance, so Maya and Caden planned a vacation getaway where they could focus on making a pup. Maya was optimistic, but it didn't happen.     
The heat four days ago hit her unexpectedly. It's normal for heats to be about six months apart, and this was unusual. Maya asked Talia if Talia had anything to do with it, but Talia didn't deny or confirm her involvement.      
"My pheromones are in check. I can do this," Maya said bravely.     
Talia walked to Maya and hugged her.     
"Of course, you can do this," Talia said and leaned closer to say in a whisper, "Take it easy. You don't want to overwork yourself in your condition."     
Maya's whole body froze. "What did you say?"     
Talia smiled, and she closed her eyes. "Three pups."     
---     
Check the comments to see the inspiration for dresses.      
###Chapter 997: The Luna Ceremony of the century (2)
Chapter 997: The Luna Ceremony of the century (2)
Maya was confident that the world stopped spinning, and everything stilled, including Talia who was standing right in front of her.         
"What did you say?" Maya asked in a whisper.     
Talia smiled. "Triplets, Maya." She knew about Maya's worries, so she assured her. "I am positive."     
"Woah, Caden is a stud! He can nail them three-in-one." Mindy exclaimed.     
"My cousin had four pups at the time," Trisha said. "It's a lot of work."     
"Who cares if it's one or four? When it gets hard, she can ask us for help," Dawn said while rubbing her perfectly flat stomach. There was a pup inside there, and she couldn't wait for her stomach to start showing.     
"Well, congratulations!" Zina exclaimed, and all females gathered around Maya to chatter excitedly while Maya was technically unresponsive.     
The door flew open, and Caden stood there.     
Caden was rushing to dress up in dark gray pants and a white shirt when he felt Maya's unstable mood.     
Maya's last heat came unexpectedly, and it was an emotional experience for both of them as they wondered if this was the Moon Goddess giving them another chance or if she was punishing them by giving hope when there was none.     
Caden wouldn't think less of Maya if she couldn't give him a pup, but he knew that it was important to her. Maya and Caden went to get checked after their second heat with no pup, and Doctor Travis said there was nothing physically wrong with either of them, but Caden knew that in this situation, usually, everyone would point fingers at the female.     
Caden didn't want anyone to think bad of Maya, was she bullied?     
Caden was unsure what to expect when he got here, but why were all these women ganging up on his mate?     
"Maya! Are you alright?" Caden exclaimed while pushing Zina and Daria so he could pass between them and by the time Maya got into his sight, he saw her sobbing and full-blown ugly crying.     
"Stay away from her!" Caden shouted angrily, and he wrapped his arms around Maya to pull her away from others.     
He had no idea what was going on, but it couldn't be good. Did they harass his mate? And why was everyone just standing there and not saying anything?     
Even Talia was looking at them with a smile on her face, and she was supposed to be the compassionate one!     
Caden cupped Maya's cheeks and wiped her tears with his palms. "Shh… it will be alright, love… let me take you out of here."     
"Pups…" Maya said through sobs.     
Caden was not sure if he heard her right. "What?"     
Maya sniffled. "Pups, Caden. Three of them."     
Caden's eyes widened to the point of hurting, and then his mouth stretched into the biggest grin ever. "Are you sure?"     
"She is sure," Talia responded. "Congratulations."     
Caden felt like shouting, crying, and jumping for joy at the same time. He embraced Maya tightly and buried his face into her hair. He whispered something for Maya to hear, and she nodded while fisting his shirt.     
"You are not… supposed to… go… there..." Mario's strained voice was heard from the hallway, and soon after, they could see Damon standing at the door with Mario hugging Damon's thigh.     
Mario looked at Tatiana pitifully. "I'm sorry, T. I told him not to come and that it's bad luck, but I couldn't stop him."         
Tatiana stood in front of Talia to block Damon's view. "Didn't you hear Mario? It's bad luck to see the bride in her wedding gown."     
Damon sneered. "If there is any bad luck, I will punch it in the face. As for this insect…" Damon looked down at Mario, and he twisted his body unexpectedly with such force that Mario shrieked as he flew down the hallway.     
"He is human!" Tatiana angry whispered.     
Damon straightened the lapels of his black suit jacket. "I told him more than once not to touch me." Mario was giving Damon heebie-jeebies.     
Tatiana was torn. Should she keep blocking Damon's view? Or go to check on Mario? What if he died from the impact?     
Talia peeked from behind Tatiana, and Damon's eyes lit up. That was his kitten right there!     
Talia stepped to her right, but Tatiana followed at the same time, and Damon frowned in disapproval.     
"Tell your mate not to stand in my way, or I won't be responsible for the consequences," Damon said.     
Tatiana frowned. "With whom are you…?" Her voice trailed when she saw Maddox at the door.     
"Come, love," Maddox coaxed Tatiana away from Talia.     
God knows what Damon would do if Tatiana kept standing between the lovebirds. They all heard about Gregory's test and how Damon killed a female without hesitation.     
Sure, Tatiana was an Alpha female, and she wouldn't snap easily like a dry twig, but Maddox didn't want to clash with Damon.     
Damon had an advantage before, and Maddox could take him down with little luck. However, since Damon turned into a black Alpha despot, Maddox knew he would set himself up for suffering. The only one who could control Damon was Talia, and unfortunately, she had developed a mischievous side lately.      
"Damon hurt Mario," Tatiana said to Maddox.     
"He will be fine." Probably. How Maddox saw this, hurting Mario wouldn't be a bad thing. Mario was too touchy-feely for his own good.     
A brilliant idea formed in Maddox's mind! He can go out with the pretense of checking on the pesky assistant and kick him while unconscious. A fragile human could die easily, and they would blame Damon for injuries...     
Tatiana narrowed her eyes at Maddox. "Why are YOU here? Weren't you supposed to keep an eye on Damon?"     
"I am keeping my eyes on him. That's why I'm here."     
Tatiana gaped at Maddox. "Your job was to keep him away from here, not join him."     
Maddox pouted. "Why are you talking like I'm the only one?"     
Tatiana had a bad feeling about this. Did this mean there were more males on their way?     
She couldn't believe her eyes when James appeared at the door, and he went straight for Cornelia. And then there were Cristian, Tony, Kai, George, Axel, Owen… and Tatiana gave up.     
James sat on the sofa next to Cornelia, and he kissed her belly twice, and then he went for her lips. Cornelia giggled while lacing her perfectly manicured fingers in James' blonde hair, and they were making out like no one was watching.     
Mindy met Gideon halfway, and she twirled on her toes to give him a good view of herself from every angle. Gideon hummed in approval. His pumpkin-infused princess was beautiful.     
Mindy eyed her handsome mate, who was sharp in a well-fitted dark gray suit. And he smelled of lavender. Intoxicating.          
"Are we dancing tonight?" Mindy asked coyly.     
Gideon smirked. "I've got my dancing shoes on, princess."     
Mindy leaned to give him a smacking kiss on the lips. Before she could pull back from the kiss, Gideon's hand was at the back of her neck, and he held her in place while deepening the kiss.     
Maddox turned his back to Mindy and Gideon. Yes, they were mated for a while and expecting a pup, but seeing his baby sister with someone else's tongue down her throat was unpleasant.      
"I thought you guys were supposed to head to the venue first, and ladies would join you later," Yasmin said to Axel.     
"Isn't it better if we all go together?" Axel responded with a question while appreciating Yasmin's look in her black and white sparkly dress. She was enchanting.     
"Are kids alright?" Yasmin asked.     
Axel hummed in confirmation. "Grandparents are entertaining them." Sophia and Isaac were at the venue already. They were watching over Edgar and Valeria in the family-friendly area that was enclosed and covered with soft surfaces so that little ones won't hurt themselves.     
Evanora and Edgar were set to watch over the kids later.     
Two sets of grandparents were not close, but they kept their interaction to non-hostile on matters that included their grandkids, and other than that, they didn't try to fake pleasantries.     
Talia asked Evanora if she wanted to be part of the bridal party, but Evanora refused. Evanora wanted to be a guest so she could relax with her soulmate and observe this human celebration up close.      
Olivia peeked out of the bathroom, and she blinked at the sight in front of her. She heard the commotion, and she hoped that she had imagined it. Why were all those males there?     
Her anxiety sizzled away when she saw the most dashing man walking toward her.     
Travis was super-handsome in the dark gray suit that fit him perfectly, and his smile made her heart flip.     
"What do you think?" Olivia asked in a small voice while looking at her dress shyly.     
"Breathtaking," he responded, and she knew he meant it.     
"Uhm... you are dapper."     
Travis smirked. "Dapper? I like it."     
Travis leaned to kiss Olivia, and he paused with a frown to look to his left. There was Omega standing there and fidgeting.     
"Can I help you?" Travis asked stiffly.     
The Omega gestured toward Olivia. "I apologize for intruding, Doctor Travis. I need to do Miss Olivia's hair and makeup."     
Travis was still glaring at the poor Omega when Olivia got on her toes to kiss him on the cheek. "I will be back in a bit. Wait for me?"     
Travis smiled goofily. "I will wait as long as it takes."     
Olivia blushed. His hungry gaze told her he was thinking about naughty things, wonderful things that were reserved for mates.     
With everyone busy with their mates and preparations, no one noticed that Damon and Talia tiptoed out of the room.         
###Chapter 998: The Luna Ceremony of the century (3)
Chapter 998: The Luna Ceremony of the century (3)
Talia giggled while ensuring she didn't step on the dress as she followed Damon to another room. He was in a rush.         
Damon couldn't wait to find privacy with Talia. She looked edible, and he wanted to do all kinds of things that shouldn't be done when others were watching.     
He closed the door behind them and verified it was locked before turning to Talia.     
The dress, the light makeup, her braided hair decorated with pearls… it all went great with little pearl earrings that matched the pendant on her necklace, which was an heirloom her mother left behind.     
Talia held her breath while Damon circled her without making a sound. She loved the fire in his eyes that spoke of boundless love and carnal pleasures.     
Damon was a predator eyeing his prey, ready to pounce at any moment, and his deadly proficiency was the most potent aphrodisiac.     
"You are beautiful, kitten," Damon said in a low growl.     
Damon caressed her cheek with the tips of his fingers while looking at her dreamily. "I can't believe you are mine. From today onward, the whole world will know that Natalia Moonrider and I are one."     
Talia's smile was reflected in her eyes. She could feel his passion and sincerity, and she returned his feelings with equal fervor.     
Talia stepped closer to Damon until their bodies nearly touched, and she looked up.     
"Damon Blake, you are mine."     
The growl in Talia's voice confirmed that Liseli spoke as well, and Sapa howled from joy.     
Their mates were right there, beautiful and domineering. How could they resist the call?     
Damon's arms wrapped around Talia as he kissed her tenderly, slowly exploring her mouth with his tongue and enjoying every little sigh she made.     
Talia allowed herself to be lost in Damon's opulent flavors of dark chocolate and his scent of the forest.  She loved how her body fit against him, even in that puffy wedding dress. Everything was perfect.     
Talia's eyes sprang open when she felt Damon's fingers gripping the edge of her bodice.     
"No, no!" Talia said with urgency while pushing his hands away.     
Damon blinked. "What?"     
"You can't tear this dress."     
Damon cocked an eyebrow in disapproval. Who cares about the dress? He was interested in the flesh below that pesky fabric! But he knew that dress was important for the ceremony. The tearing will come later.     
He needed to compromise. For now.     
"Turn around," he ordered.     
"Why?"     
"So I can undo whatever needs to be undone back there."     
"We don't have time for that." It took her a good half an hour to get in the dress. It had a bunch of ribbons and buttons that were cleverly hidden from sight.     
"We have almost an hour until the ceremony, kitten," Damon reminded Talia. "The guys wanted us to open a bottle and drink, but I would rather drink you than anything else."         
Talia was torn. Intimacy with Damon was always rewarding but… "I can't risk messing up the dress, and there is no time to get it on and off properly. We need to be patient. In a few hours, we can…"     
"Few hours!?" Damon clutched his chest dramatically.     
Talia hid an incoming fit of laughter under a cough. How can such a handsome and powerful guy act like a toddler? "You said that you want our ceremony to be perfect. For that, this dress needs to be intact. Is it too much to ask for a few hours of holding back our urges? Trust me, it's hard on me also."     
"Kitten," Damon said in a low voice. "Even a few minutes without you is a few minutes too much. Do you know how much I crave you every waking moment? And you are in my dreams as well. Only when we are one, I feel sane."     
Talia smiled goofily. Here was Damon, impatient and horny, and he said some sweet things that made her question if that dress was really necessary.     
Damon's eyes flashed when he got an idea, and he started removing his suit jacket with a determined expression.     
Talia took a step back. "Damon?"     
"Don't worry. I won't ruin your dress. Lift."     
Talia was confused. "What?"     
"Lift the dress," he pointed at the skirt. "Let me see your legs, kitten."     
Talia had no idea what he was up to, but she lifted the dress to show her white high-heeled shoes.     
"More," Damon ordered.     
Talia was careful not to wrinkle the fabric, and the moment her knees came into view, Damon ducked and disappeared under layers of tulle.     
Talia burst into nervous laughter as his breath tickled her skin. Did he lick behind her knee? "What are you doing?"     
"What is this?" Damon asked while observing the strip of lacy fabric around Talia's thigh, and Talia jolted when he pulled it to snap against her flesh.     
"It's a garter," Talia responded.     
"Why so frilly? Shouldn't it be holding up stockings?" Talia didn't wear stockings. "And did you lose the second one?"     
Talia giggled. "Tanya said that after we exchange our vows, you will get to remove the garter and toss it into a crowd of bachelors. The lucky guy who catches it will be the next one to marry."     
Damon snorted. "Do you believe in that?"     
"Not really, but Tanya said it's human custom, and it's fun."     
Damon cursed under his breath. "If it's so much fun, why didn't they do that at HER Luna ceremony? Max would never allow it."     
"Why?"     
"WHY!? First, we are not humans. Second, no one will touch the fabric that clung this high on your leg." He nipped her flesh just above the garter, sending a pulse of need to Talia's core. "And third, if those single bastards want to marry, they should find their mates and not use mumbo-jumbo related to MY woman."     
Before Talia could react, she felt a snap as the garter gave in under Damon's fingers, and she knew that he had stuffed it into his pocket.     
"That's settled," Damon said with satisfaction. "Is there any other piece of clothing on you that you plan to give to someone else?"         
"No," Talia said through giggles that died down abruptly when Damon spoke again.     
"Walk back until you find something to lean on, kitten."     
Talia looked back to see a sofa that was facing away from them. She moved backward slowly, and Damon followed her while squatting. He was completely hidden under the layers of tulle.     
Talia put her hands on the backrest of a sofa. "OK."     
"Ah!" She exclaimed in surprise when he pressed his nose at the cradle of her thighs.     
Talia bit her lower lip at the familiar sensation of Damon ripping her panties. His impatience always turned her on, but there was a problem, "Damon! I need those for the ceremony."     
Damon chuckled. "No, you don't. No one will know what's going on under the dress. It will be our secret…" His breath splashed at the cradle of her thighs, making her giddy from anticipation of what was coming.     
"Mmm," he hummed in satisfaction while nuzzling her folds with his nose. He gripped her thighs to spread them apart as he buried his face into her.     
Talia threw her head back and stared at the ceiling as Damon caressed her pleasure centers with his tongue. He was good. He was the best. And the best part was that he was hers.     
Since Damon brought Talia to the Dark Howlers pack, every day, he would show her that she was his only one. They went through numerous trials, and she knew that nothing and no one would stand between them.     
The feeling of belonging was overwhelming, and she didn't realize at what point her defenses collapsed, allowing her to be unreservedly his, just as he was hers.     
In less than a minute, Talia's legs trembled, and she gasped for air.     
She was barely aware of the rustling sound her dress made as Damon crawled from under it.     
"How was that?" He asked with a confident smirk while licking his lips that glistened from her juices.     
Talia smiled goofily while catching her breath. "It doesn't seem fair that I am the only one having fun."     
Damon nodded earnestly. "My thoughts exactly."     
"I can't go down on my knees, and you can't rip the dress," she reminded him.     
"I won't," he promised. "Turn around, kitten."     
Talia obeyed, and she leaned on the backrest of the sofa, wondering what he was up to.     
In one swift move, Damon grabbed the back of her skirt and flung it over her head, along with the dramatic cathedral train that covered her completely.     
For Talia, everything turned white, and it took her a moment to realize what Damon was up to.     
She took a step back and stuck her butt out.     
Damon hummed in approval. He loved that she knew what to do.     
Talia heard the sound of his zipper, and then he said, "I prefer to see your face and to feel your hair between my fingers, but since you said this dress is important, I will make do with what I have, which is your lower half."     
'PAK!'         
Talia jolted when he spanked her. The pain radiated in waves of pleasure that amplified her arousal.     
"And it's a wonderful half, kitten."     
"Ah!" Talia cried when she felt another type of sharp pain. Did he bite her butt? Damn, it was hot!     
She was surrounded by whiteness, and she could feel Damon touching her down there. It was fantastic!     
There was pressure and a stretch, and she gasped as he entered her in one mighty stroke.     
"Fuck, kitten…" Damon cursed and started rocking into her. "You are perfect. Mine!"     
Knowing that he will get to enjoy every day with Talia was making him extra horny (if that was possible).     
He never wanted a female more than he wanted Talia, and it was more than just her body. It was about her mind and emotions, and he had an inexplicable need to consume her every waking moment, just as she was consuming his. They were one in every possible way.     
###Chapter 999: The Luna Ceremony of the century (4)
Chapter 999: The Luna Ceremony of the century (4)
Next to the lake…         
The event area was lively.     
Guests started arriving hours in advance. There were a lot of people from the Dark Howlers pack and the Midnight Guardians pack (everyone was invited), and they were eager to help out. It made them feel important. Some even brought food and drinks with them because Damon and Talia said they don't need wedding presents, so the setting up of the venue turned into a pre-wedding party. The mood was good and the area was ready before the scheduled time.      
Evanora was standing next to Edgar and observing the crowd gathered.  Hundreds of people were standing or sitting in small groups and chatting over drinks and snacks.     
Evanora was particularly interested in humans. They looked like werewolves and witches, but their spirits and bodies were weak, and their connection with nature was almost non-existent.     
Evanora's interest in humans was not because they were powerless, but because she heard about humans using technology to better their lives. They had machines, weapons, and advances in medicine that alarmed her. Human lifespans were short in general, but they were large in numbers and inherently avaricious which made them dangerous.     
Evanora was additionally repulsed while reading about their history. Humans hoarded treasures they didn't need without caring about overusing resources available or harming others in the process. They spoke about global warming and scaling down, yet everyone craved luxuries and self-indulging. Humans were contradictory enigmas and Evanora was unsure if she wanted to explore them or stay away from them.     
Axel and Evanora went through the library of the Guardians, and they found evidence of experiments done on people with abilities. It all pointed toward humans as the culprits, but they didn't find more than that.     
Declyn said that Guardians were collecting written material related to portals and other creatures for the purpose of preventing the information from leaking. If it reached human hands, it could be catastrophic. Of course, part of it was Gregory's greed and his desire to reopen the portals, but they had overlapping interests, so they collaborated.     
In Declyn's words, "No one is considering humans as a threat because they are weak, however, that's playing to their advantage. Humans created devices that can block the pack link and suppress our abilities, and those are things we confirmed. By now, we are confident they know of other creatures, but the information is contained which tells us that people who are aware of our existence are in high positions."     
Evanora was not sure if she should believe him. "Aren't you Guardians considering yourself as the most powerful creatures? How come you can't hunt down a few humans?"     
Declyn shook his head. "It's not simple. Humans have a big imagination and are easy to deceive. It's difficult to distinguish if their stories came from a movie, a book, or because they actually know about us."     
Gregory was interrogated on the topic, and he showed amazing resilience toward truth-telling potions that witches could make. If he knew anything about humans doing experiments on creatures with abilities, Gregory was unwilling to share.     
Talia wanted to peer into Gregory's mind, but Damon was against it. This was not just any guardian, but Gregory. His ability was to interfere with other person's senses. They had no way to confirm if Gregory was completely stripped from his abilities, or if something was still lingering. If Talia went into his mind, he could trap her in there forever. It was not worth the risk.     
Evanora found the whole situation unsettling. How are they supposed to protect themselves if they were forbidden from using their magic? If not for Edgar, Evanora would go back to the Coven a long time ago. She would also take with her all witches, and they would close the portal behind them.     
Unfortunately, with every passing day, leaving was less probable for witches.     
Within the first month of opening the portal, several dozens of witches found their soulmates among werewolves who came to patrol the area. Almost every day at least one newly mated couple was announced, and Evanora knew that it would be unfair to try separating them. If it were a few couples, she could convince them to come together, but with such a big number, it was a daunting task.  Edgar assured her that he will work with her on protecting witches and other creatures from humans, and Evanora softened her stance. It was hard to say no to Edgar.     
…     
In one of the tents where the bridal party was preparing…     
Valerian was sitting on a chair while Cassandra combed his hair.     
He didn't like other people touching him, and Cassandra was careful not to get too close.     
Since he arrived at the Dark Howlers pack, Valerian spent a lot of time in the garden, alone. Talia had a lot of things to deal with, so she asked Cassandra to accompany Valerian.     
The Oracle was the only one from the Midnight Guardians pack present, she didn't have any particular duties assigned, and she knew Valerian before he disappeared.      
Cassandra quickly learned about his schedule. While Valerian was attending physical therapy, she was with witches, learning about magic, spells, potions, and controlling energies. Valerian would have lunch with Damon and Talia, and somewhere mid-afternoon Cassandra would join him in the garden.     
There were days when they just sat in silence, and Cassandra tried to diminish her presence while Valerian was lost in thoughts.     
Part of her felt guilty because she didn't have a premonition that would prevent him from being imprisoned by the Guardians. It was her duty to keep the Midnight Guardians safe, and she wondered why the Moon Goddess didn't interfere with Sophia and Isaac becoming Alphas.         
Most of the time, Cassandra would tell Valerian stories about the Midnight Guardians pack and things that happened in his absence.     
Valerian was surprised to hear that his parents went after him and didn't return. He didn't know that.     
Valerian was deeply interested to hear about Sophia and Isaac and what they did while he was gone.     
He didn't blame Cassandra for the prophecy that caused Talia to be abandoned. After all, it was just a vague divination that predicted Talia's immense powers. The guilty ones were Sophia and Isaac who choose to label Talia as a bringer of calamity and kick her out while pretending that she didn't exist.     
Valerian couldn't decide how to punish his sister and brother-in-law for what they did. Killing them sounded easy and punishing them… no punishment will give Talia back what she lost.      
He was outraged to hear that Axel got the care and special treatment that was supposed to belong to his daughter.     
Valerian told himself not to hate Axel. It was not Axel's fault. But it was hard to separate Axel from the injustice Talia grew up with. She didn't know who her parents were, she didn't know how special she was. Instead, she was hiding and fighting to survive. Valerian used all of his control not to blow up at innocent people, and he blamed himself because none of those would happen if he didn't make the mistake of leaving Talia there.     
"Done," Cassandra announced and took a step back.     
Valerian raised his gaze in slow motion to remind himself where he was. Wedding. Tent. He accepted to hold Talia's hand and walk with her down the aisle. It was a big honor and he was unsure if he deserved it, but he knew it meant a lot to Talia, so he accepted.     
"Who all is here from our pack?"     
Cassandra cleared her throat before responding, "Alpha Axel, Luna Yasmin," she paused when Valerian frowned. Sure, Axel was Talia's proxy, but everyone addressed him as Alpha, and Yasmin became Luna officially since she joined the pack. Yasmin didn't have a mental connection to the pack, and she couldn't transform into wolf form, but everything else about her was Luna-like.     
Talia didn't mind that Axel and Yasmin were addressed as Alpha and Luna. Actually, she offered more than once for Axel to take over as the Alpha officially, but he refused. No amount of convincing from Talia would make him forget Valerian's gaze which was full of disappointment and anger, and there was something lethal that told Axel he shouldn't make waves.     
"Who else is here?" Valerian grumbled.     
Cassandra smiled awkwardly. Did he want her to say everyone's names? Almost everyone from the Midnight Guardians pack was here! Some had pups at home, and some stayed for security, but whoever was able, came to attend this massive ceremony. But Valerian wanted names, so she started from the top of the hierarchy.     
"Beta Meg and Beta Kai, Gamma Sandy and Gamma Tyler, Calla, Remi…"     
"Is Natalia here?" Valerian interrupted her.     
"Not yet," Cassandra responded right away.     
Cassandra wondered, did Damon and Talia elope? Cassandra heard that's a thing with humans, and since they decided on this human ceremony, maybe they eloped as well.     
In the tent for the bride's side of the ceremony, other than Valerian and Cassandra, there were other females in black and white sparkly dresses, surrounded by Omegas who were doing the final touches on hair and makeup.     
"Do you think they will come on time?" Kalina asked Tatiana while glancing at the time nervously.     
Tatiana gritted her teeth in annoyance. This was an event of the century that featured her designs, and Damon and Talia will ruin it because they had to get frisky.     
They all heard noises from the other room in the packhouse, and they knew what was going on there. Tatiana was on verge of banging at the door, but Maddox pulled her back saying that Damon and Talia will not miss their own ceremony.     
Now that they were minutes away from start, Tatiana regretted listening to Maddox.     
The only one who understood Tatiana's grief was Mindy. As the main organizer, Mindy put countless hours into making sure they had enough space, food, and entertainment, that the colors were matching. And Damon and Talia were not here! This was a disaster!     
###Chapter 1000: The Luna Ceremony of the century (5)
Chapter 1000: The Luna Ceremony of the century (5)
"AAAHHH!"         
Shrieks were swallowed by the roar of a sudden gale that exploded in the middle of the tent unexpectedly.     
Unsecured s went airborne, and people ducked for cover while the tent shook in an effort to stay attached to the ground.     
"Talia!" Maya cried. "Did you need to do this inside?"     
"Sorry. My aim was off," Talia lied. Her aim was not off. They were running late, and the only way to reach in time was to teleport, but how could she do that when they had humans in the vicinity? Going straight to the tent was the best option.     
It took a few seconds for the dust to settle, with Damon and Talia embracing each other in the middle.     
Damon wore a black suit, and his whole body pulsated in darkness while Talia was enveloped in a silvery light.     
"I told you we won't be late," Damon said smugly.     
"You were right."     
"I am always right. Remember that for the years to come."     
Talia smiled. Years to come. She liked the sound of it.     
"Aya! Your hair is a mess!" Dawn cried, and Talia was not sure if she was messy from teleporting or because of what she and Damon had done before. Damon helped her tidy up, but he didn't know how to fix the braids and beads weaved in there.     
"Come, come!" Zina gestured vigorously for Talia to sit in front of a mirror.     
Damon watched helplessly as females dragged Talia away, and Michelle ushered him out with, "We need to get Talia ready, and you also need to fix yourself…"     
'I will see you at the altar, kitten,' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's head, and by the time she turned to where he was, he was gone.     
Two Omegas were busying themselves with Talia's hair and makeup, and Mindy stood there and shook her head in disapproval at Talia. "You really know how to test my nerves."     
Talia looked at Mindy innocently. "It's not like the ceremony will start without us. A few minutes here or there, no one would notice."     
Mindy didn't have time to argue. They were running behind schedule. "It's time for final checks. Do you have something old?"     
Talia pointed at her necklace.     
"Something new?"     
Talia nodded. "Dress, earrings, shoes, pick one."     
Mindy asked her next question. "Something borrowed?"     
"I got that covered!" Tatiana exclaimed and pushed a shiny hairpin into Talia's hair. It had diamonds, and it matched Talia's styling.     
"You will need to return this. It belonged to my nana," Tatiana said.     
"If you don't return it, it won't count as borrowed, which will bring bad luck." Kalina chimed in.     
Talia wondered if offending the Wilkow sisters would count as bad luck, but she didn't want to say it aloud.         
Mindy approved the hairpin and moved on to the next item, "Do you have something blue?"     
Talia froze. She HAD something blue. Those were her panties. But they were gone now. Damon ripped them and probably stuffed them into his pants pocket. He collected her torn undergarments as souvenirs.     
"Lia?" Mindy called suspiciously. "Something blue?"     
Talia fidgeted, and she called through the mind link, 'Damon?'     
'Missing me already?'     
Talia would flirt back if Mindy were not giving her a stinky eye.     
'Do you have my panties?' Talia asked.     
'They are MY panties now, kitten.'     
'Can I have them?'     
Damon snorted. 'What I take, I don't give back.'     
Talia was frustrated, and she wanted to bicker, but then she remembered that her panties were torn. Even if she snatches them back, it's not like she could wear them.     
"Is it OK if Damon has it?"     
Mindy couldn't believe this. "No! The bride needs to have something blue! Please, tell me you are joking." Mindy's eyes widened when she realized they had a problem. "Ask him to give it back!"     
"Will this do?" Cassandra said from the side, and they saw her pull out of her pocket a bracelet made out of blue beads.     
Mindy didn't like the shabby-looking bracelet. It didn't match anything.     
Talia was happy that she didn't need to explain the absence of panties. Her father was right there! Seeing Mindy's disapproval, Talia quickly snatched the bracelet.     
"This is a relic that can suppress a Guardian," Talia explained. "It is very precious."     
"It is not matching anything you are wearing," Tatiana said from the side. "We are not going for precious or useful. This is your day to be just pretty, and that trinket is not cutting it."     
Kalina agreed with her sister. "It looks like it's made of cheap rocks."     
"No one needs to look at it," Talia said and pushed the bracelet into her cleavage. The tight bodice will keep it in place. "Thank you, Cassandra."     
Cassandra bowed deeply. "It is my honor, Alpha."     
Mindy gave up. "Alright. It seems we have everything."     
"That's not everything," Tatiana said and gave a big coin to Talia. "Put this in your shoe."     
"What is this?" Talia asked.     
"The rhyme goes, something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue, and a sixpence in your shoe. This is a sixpence."         
Talia was not sure about this superstitious nonsense, but she saw that Mindy and the Wilkow sisters were serious about it, so she didn't . She gave the coin to Zina, who was one of the few non-pregnant women around. "Can you help put this in my shoe? It's difficult like hell to bend in this dress, and I don't want to squish my belly."     
Zina took the coin and mumbled, "You had no problems bending earlier."     
Talia's eyebrows shot up. "What?"     
"Nothing. Lift your dress. Which leg? Left or right?"     
Dawn giggled. "That was not nothing. We all heard you."     
Zina smirked. "Do you mean, you heard what I said, or you heard noises our bride and groom made in the packhouse?"     
"Both!" Dawn exclaimed, and the females burst into laughter while Talia wished to disappear.     
Valerian observed this from the side, and he was happy to see that Talia was surrounded by so many friends. Since he arrived at the Dark Howlers pack, he has been paying attention to the pack and Talia, and he confirmed that Damon adored Talia and that she had a good circle of friends. That made him less guilty about the whole situation.     
'We are ready!' Caden's voice sounded in the minds of most of the females in the tent.     
"Oh, my!" Mindy exclaimed. "Veil. Where is the veil!?"     
"It's right here," Meg said while bringing the long see-through white veil that had white lace along the edges. Yasmin was right next to her, carrying a sparkly tiara. It was a piece of jewelry that belonged to the Moonrider family.     
Talia didn't want to wear anything associated with Sophia, but Axel assured her that Sophia and Isaac didn't have a ceremony that resembled a human wedding. That tiara was in a room displayed like decoration, and Talia had seen it before, but she didn't care about shiny trinkets held under glass displays.     
Eventually, Talia accepted the head ornament. It was part of the Midnight Guardians pack, and she didn't want to exclude her pack.     
Just in case Sophia and Isaac tried to harm Talia, Cassandra performed a ritual to remove any bad juju from the tiara.     
###Chapter 1001: The Luna Ceremony of the century (6) [Bonus chapter]
Chapter 1001: The Luna Ceremony of the century (6) [Bonus chapter]
Meg, Sandy, Mindy, Arya, and Kalina held the edges of the veil while moving around Talia with their hands up in the air. Tatiana was making sure everything was in the right position before gesturing to her five helpers to lower the veil.         
After pins were stuck to secure the veil to the top of Talia's head, Yasmin was ready to put the tiara on Talia, but she paused when Valerian stepped forward.     
"Can I?" Valerian asked, and Yasmin gave him the tiara.      
After confirming that Talia was ready, Mindy reminded everyone, "We should be going. Line up in the order we will walk out!"     
Talia smiled while looking at her friends scurrying to stand at the door of the tent in a line.     
Mindy was first, followed by Yasmin, Meg, Maya, Sandy, Cornelia, Tatiana, Kalina, Michelle, Dawn, Zina, Olivia, Amelia, Arya, Trisha, and Daria.     
They spent days deciding on the order of bridesmaids because everyone wanted to go first. Mindy ended the discussion by saying they would be arranged by ranks, with people associated with the Dark Howlers pack and the Midnight Guardians pack going first, then high-ranking members of other packs, and lastly, Talia's friends and guards. Based on that, Mindy was supposed to go after Yasmin, but Mindy argued that her mate was a Shaman, while Yasmin's mate was just a proxy, so Mindy got the first spot. It didn't make sense, but Yasmin didn't want to argue.     
It was the first time for Yasmin to see such a grand ceremony, and she got a front-row seat as a bridesmaid. The truth was that everyone was honored to participate in this event.      
With females walking out of the tent, Talia turned to see Valerian looking at her with an unreadable expression. Even in high heels, she needed to lift her head to meet his gaze.     
Valerian was wearing a white suit that had small details on the sleeves, which matched the details on Talia's dress. Tatiana's vision was that Valerian and Talia were matching in white, and Damon's completely black outfit represented his dark powers. Groomsmen had dark gray suits and white shirts, while bridesmaids' dresses were a mix of black and white. It was full of symbolism.     
Valerian's physique now resembled an Alpha. Talia wondered who would win a match between Damon and Valerian if they got serious. Her father had a bearing of a great warrior, and she was confident that he was awesome.     
Valerian put tiara on Talia's head. "This belonged to my mother. It is yours now."     
Talia's heart tightened under the weight of his emotions because she heard the words he didn't say. The tiara was supposed to be handed down from his mother to his mate and then to Talia, but that didn't happen, and it never will.     
"Thank you, dad. I will keep it for my daughters to wear on their special day."     
Valerian nodded in agreement and added, "Daughter-in-law is also fine."     
Valerian smiled a little. He didn't smile often, but whenever he did, it was a sad smile, just like now. He was thinking of Astraea. And there it was...      
"You look like your mother."     
"I do?" Talia asked while holding back her tears.     
"You are like her. Strong, stubborn, righteous, and kindhearted. Even if she were not my mate, I would fall for her. When you use your powers, I can feel her presence." Valerian stopped talking when he noticed Talia's chin trembling. "Don't cry, Natalia. This is a joyous day, and if you mess up your makeup, your girlfriends will gang up on me."     
Talia laughed. She could imagine Tatiana, Mindy, and others shouting and pointing fingers at Alpha Valerian Moonrider. Her girlfriends were fierce, and they didn't care about the status of their opponents.     
Valerian extended his arm for her to take. Talia put her hand into Valerian's, and they walked out.     
Talia thought that it was silly to be nervous. It was just a formality. She was already living with Damon, and nothing will change with this, but she was emotional because this ceremony will announce them as a couple in front of everyone.     
…     
The lake behind the stage glistened under the setting sun in a fantastic display of yellows and oranges.     
Three people on the stage were Damon, Alpha Desmond, and his mate Luna Edith, Maddox's and Mindy's parents.     
Since Maddox took over as the Alpha of the Blue River pack, the old Alpha-Luna pair spent most of their time traveling.         
Alpha Desmond was a close ally of Damon's father, and he supported Damon from the day he took over as the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack. They provided guidance and assistance when appropriate, and they never sided with people who were against Damon. Considering they were from a different pack, that was the most they could do for him. As an Alpha, Damon needed to fight his own battles, and he did.     
Alpha Desmond and Luna Edith were there to officiate the ceremony and show that their packs were united. Maddox and Damon were friends from a young age, and with Mindy being mated to Gideon, the bond between the two packs strengthened and carried into the next generation.     
Alpha Desmond and Luna Edith didn't get a chance to meet Talia beyond brief greetings at Tatiana's Luna ceremony, and they were curious to find out more about the female that was the cause of many changes which happened in the last few months, including the expansion of the Blue River pack.     
Damon was observing the crowd. About three hundred people were seated on chairs, and many more stood on the side and behind to fill the clearing in all directions until they merged with the forest around them.     
A clear white strip of carpet split the seated people in half, and several tents poked above heads.     
Some estimated that by the time ceremony started, the headcount had crossed more than ten thousand. Such a gathering of werewolves was unprecedented, yet they were here, patiently waiting to watch Damon and Talia exchange vows.     
Reporters were taking photos, and there was a live stream for others to watch online.     
Despite the excited chatter of so many people gathered in one place, things were orderly.     
More than a thousand people were invited, but that number didn't include people from the Dark Howlers pack and the Midnight Guardians pack. Also, anyone from the Blue River pack, the Spring Leaf pack, and the Lightclaw pack could come. It was an open event to the public, and as much as Damon wanted it to be huge, he never imagined it would swell to this scale. He hoped Talia would approve.     
The music changed, and the crowd stirred before settling into silence. It was time!     
Mindy and Gideon appeared first, walking hand-in-hand in practiced slow steps.     
The second couple was Yasmin and Axel, and then Meg and Kai, Maya and Caden, Sandy and Tyler, and Cornelia and James. It was an impressive lineup of high-ranking members from two packs.     
Tatiana and Maddox were first from allied packs, followed by Kalina and Tony, Michelle and Cristian. They had matching outfits and walked with the arrogance of Alpha couples. Dawn and George fit perfectly with their predecessors on the white carpet. Zina grinned while walking hand-in-hand with Owen, the General of the Dark Howlers pack. Olivia stuck close to Travis, seeking protection in his presence, and he thought she was adorable. Other couples followed proudly as well. It was a majestic sight.     
###Chapter 1002: The Luna Ceremony of the century (7)
Chapter 1002: The Luna Ceremony of the century (7)
With members of the bridal party taking their positions, males lined up on Damon's side, and females stood on the other.         
Maddox was next to Damon as the best man, and Mindy stood first in the line of females as the maid of honor.     
The Alpha family of the Blue River pack was on the stage with Damon, and with Tony, Kalina, Cristian, Michelle, Axel, and Yasmin there, it was a big deal.     
Everyone knew that those five packs were allies, but the presence of their highest-ranking members on that podium was confirmation that their relationship was beyond business deals and collaboration between packs. It was personal. It made members of the Dark Howlers, Midnight Guardians, Blue River, Spring Leaf, and Lightclaw packs proud and others envious.     
The music changed again, and there was a sharp collective intake of air when two people in white stepped on the white carpet. This was it!     
'Ohs' and 'Ahs' were heard everywhere at the majestic sight of Talia and Valerian.     
Valerian's suit was completely white, matching Talia's wedding dress, and the silvery threads of their garments glistened golden under the setting sun.     
Seated people stood up, and they all lowered their heads instinctively despite their desire to stare at the duo.     
Valerian and Talia walked steadily in sync, with their chins held high, and even humans could feel the power radiating from them. Talia and Valerian were like royals and more than that. It was surreal, and people thought this must be how one feels when in the presence of a deity. The desire to bow to them and pledge loyalty was overwhelming.     
Only a handful of people knew who Valerian was, and others were curious about his background.     
It was not a secret that both Damon and Talia were Alphas and their powerful bloodline granted them animalistic instincts and possessiveness that topped all others. Rumors spread how any woman who tried getting close to Damon ended up in the dungeon, men who thought about putting their hands on Talia were beaten black and blue, and the last female who pretended to be Talia was killed on the spot by Damon himself.     
The venue was silent in stark contrast to pack-links that were buzzing with questions related to who could hold Luna Talia's (aka Alpha Natalia's) hand without Damon losing his shit. Actually, Damon looked proud up there, obviously approving of that man next to his mate.     
Sophia and Isaac were in good spirits because they got good seats. Omegas from the Midnight Guardians pack were assigned to watch over Valeria and Edgar in the area for kids while Sophia and Isaac attended the ceremony.     
The ex-Alpha couple could see the podium clearly, and they could also see the bride and the man next to her.     
Sophia pressed her lips into a line seeing the tiara Talia was wearing. Sure, it was the heirloom of the Moonrider family, but Sophia treated it as a precious treasure that shouldn't be tainted, yet Talia was wearing it like a head accessory. Maybe she would be less salty if Axel didn't make a big deal about giving the tiara to Talia and reminding his parents that everything in that packhouse belongs to the new Alpha.     
Sophia shook off the unpleasant thoughts and focused on the two people in white who were now the center of attention.     
With every next step Talia and Valerian took, Sophia felt something ominous approaching, and it took her some time to realize what it was.     
Sophia stared at the face of the man she thought she would never see.     
From the moment they received their invitation, Sophia didn't think it was a good idea to come here. However, Isaac persuaded her to come with, "It will be good for our image. Do you really want to reject the invitation of our Alpha?"     
Sophia snorted. "OUR Alpha?" For Talia to be her Alpha, Sophia needed to accept it. Their current situation was forced on them, and if Talia didn't take away their abilities, things would end up differently.     
"That attitude will only bring us more trouble," Isaac warned her. "Our pack members are ignoring us. If we don't go, they will hate us more."     
"Not if they don't know we were invited," Sophia retorted.     
Isaac shook his head in disagreement. "If they think we were not invited, it will be as if we were not important. No one will take pity on us, Sophia, and even if they did, would you accept pity? I thought you were better than that..."     
And here they were, at the ceremony, and Sophia would rather take any consequences of staying home than attend this personal nightmare.     
Sophia was squeezing Isaac's hand nervously.     
'What's got into you?' Isaac asked Sophia through the mind link. His hand was aching from her grip.         
Isaac saw Valerian briefly two decades ago, and he didn't realize that the man next to Talia was the same one.     
Before Sophia could answer, there was a shriek in the pack link of the Midnight Guardians pack.     
'By the Moon Goddess! Doesn't that man have the same aura as our Alpha?'     
'It's not the same, but it's similar.'     
'That's Alpha Valerian!'     
'Are you sure?'     
'Of course, I'm sure! Look at them! They are so alike!'     
'Who else could hold our Alpha? In this human custom, only a father or a father figure could walk with the bride.'     
A few people started crying. 'Alpha Valerian is back! He is not dead!'     
In the next moment, people started sharing theories.     
'Is that why previous Alphas gave up their positions for Alpha Natalia? They knew that Alpha Valerian was alive and well?'     
'I was wondering the same. It was so strange that they stepped down for a female that just appeared. Relative or not, she was still an unknown person.'     
'How can you say unknown? Alpha Natalia is from the Moonrider family, and she is more powerful than all Alphas combined!'     
'I agree. If Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac didn't step down, Alpha Natalia would make it happen without flexing a muscle.'     
'I think the same! Why else would they step down for a female we never heard about?'     
'WE never heard about them, but maybe they did.'     
'It makes sense.'     
'If they knew about Alpha Natalia's existence, why would they keep it a secret from us?'     
'Do you think you are worthy of knowing what's going on in the Alpha family?'     
'Alpha Valerian being alive and having a daughter who was the legitimate heir is a big thing! It impacts the whole pack, and we had the right to know!'     
'They made us believe that Axel was the next Alpha. Didn't they fear we won't accept Alpha Natalia?'     
'Shush with that and focus on the ceremony. We can ask our ex-Alphas for an explanation later…'     
Isaac's face fell as he confirmed the identity of the man holding Talia's hand. Isaac knew what they did two decades ago and that Valerian won't let it slide. The more he thought about it, the more his instincts told him to flee.     
'What are we going to do?' Isaac asked Sophia through their mind link.     
'We need to leave,' she responded nervously.         
'IF YOU DARE TO LEAVE, I WILL HUNT YOU!' Valerian's ferocious growl sounded in Sophia's and Isaac's heads.     
Sophia plopped down on her chair, and Isaac paled. Those words came with the Alpha command, and they couldn't move even if they wanted to. What was with that power? They were aware that Valerian was an impressive individual, but wasn't this too much?     
'Dad?' Talia called Valerian through the mind link. 'Is everything OK?' She was right next to him, and she could feel his murderous intent.     
'Yes, yes,' Valerian responded with urgency while stabilizing his emotions. 'Sorry about that, Natalia.' He didn't want to ruin her ceremony. He will deal with Sophia and Isaac later.     
Talia raised her gaze to the podium in front of them, and her breath hitched when she saw Damon's totally black eyes fixed on her.     
He was taking in her appearance greedily while letting some of his aura leak in a possessive display of power.     
Talia knew that he could see her clearly through the veil, and he was aware of the heat that crept up her neck. She hoped she won't get aroused because her father was right there!     
But it was hard to focus on anything other than her devilishly handsome mate whose scorching gaze could see straight into her soul. She was glad Valerian was holding her hand because her legs became wobbly.      
With every step that brought her closer to Damon, Talia fought the urge to run to him. The attraction was maddening.     
Talia and Valerian climbed the podium, and Damon balled his hands into fists to prevent himself from reaching to grab Talia and whisk her away from there. She was enchanting, and he couldn't wait for this ceremony to be over so they could find their privacy.     
Valerian shook his head at the duo, who stared at each other, oblivious of numerous eyes on them.     
Valerian cleared his throat to get their attention before speaking.     
"I am proud to be your father, Natalia. I know your mother would be proud of you as well."     
Talia's vision blurred from tears.     
Not so long ago, Talia wondered if her parents loved her, and she wanted to be in the company of people who would be unashamed of her. And now she stood surrounded by Alphas and high-ranking members of the werewolf society, her mate was the most powerful Alpha in existence, her background was impressive, her wolf was an ancient spirit, and all this crowd gathered to celebrate her. This went beyond her wildest imagination.     
###Chapter 1003: The Luna Ceremony of the century (8)
Chapter 1003: The Luna Ceremony of the century (8)
Valerian leaned to kiss Talia's forehead, and she felt his lips pressing there through the veil.         
It was a gesture full of meaning. Respect, protection, care.     
For Talia, it was the first kiss from her parents she could remember, and it meant the world to her.     
Valerian turned to Damon.     
"I regret missing a lot of Natalia's life, but it gives me comfort to know that her future is bright with you." Valerian put Talia's hand in Damon's. "Natalia is now part of the Blake family. Treat her well. I welcome you into the Moonrider family. Take care of my daughter, Alpha Damon."     
Normally, Damon would blow a fuse to see someone else being protective of his kitten, but this was Talia's father, and Damon knew that this message was more for Talia to hear than for him. She always wanted a family that loved and supported her, and Valerian was giving her that.     
Damon lowered his head in a sign of respect. "Talia is my soulmate. I will do everything I can to ensure her safety and happiness. You have my word, Alpha Valerian."     
The crowd gasped at the confirmation of Valerian's identity, and some sobs were heard from the distance.     
Humans looked around, wondering what was with those Alpha titles, but no one else made a fuss about it, so they assumed it was normal.     
Humans in attendance were celebrities, politicians, and successful businessmen. They were aware that the Blake family was well established in the area and that Damon inherited many assets when his parents passed. However, none of them expected to see this mass of people who were looking at the podium with fervent worship.     
Valerian wanted to say so many other things, but he felt that he didn't have the right to do so. Missing Talia growing up was terrible enough, but she also ended up suffering because of his mistake… mistake of trusting Sophia and Isaac.     
As an Alpha, Valerian was supposed to take care of his pack and his family, yet he failed at both. He was grateful that Talia accepted him, and he didn't dare to ask for more. He couldn't accept other people's forgiveness until he forgave himself.     
Talia could feel Valerian's grief, and she wanted to help him, but she didn't know how. Only his mate could fill the void that tormented him, and Talia couldn't fix that.      
Valerian looked at Damon and then at Talia, and then he walked down the podium to an empty seat in the front row that waited for him.     
Cassandra stood up as Valerian approached her. The Oracle's time with Valerian was rewarded with a spot next to him in the front row of the seated audience. Cassandra swatted the invisible dust from Valerian's chair before he sat on it, and the ceremony could begin.     
Damon's eyes were switching from black to blue due to excitement. Damon was very good at managing his emotions, but this time his control was slipping.      
Talia's joy and love were overloading his senses, and he fought against his urges to rip his clothes, shift into his wolf form, and run into the forest with Talia.     
The only thing still keeping him here was the thought of how all this was for Talia. She needed this ceremony as a sign of acceptance. He wanted everyone to see how much he values her and for her to realize how many people support her, admire her, and worship her. She deserved it.     
Damon and Talia were holding hands, but he really wanted to hold the rest of her, and he thought that the see-through veil was in the way.     
He gripped the edge of the veil with his free hand. "Can I?"     
'That should come off at the end of the ceremony!' Mindy's voice sounded in Damon's head through the pack link.     
Damon made a face, and he was about to let go when he heard Talia say, "You can."     
Damon's eyes lit up, and he lifted the veil over Talia's head letting it fall over her back. He shut down Mindy's protests by closing off the mind link.     
Alpha Desmond cleared his throat. "Can we start?"     
Damon and Talia nodded, turning to face the man, both having difficulty breaking eye contact.     
Alpha Desmond smiled helplessly. It was evident that lovebirds would have a hard time until the kiss-the-bride moment. But he couldn't deny that Damon and Talia were a perfect couple beyond looks and power. There was something else between them, something he had never experienced. It was an energy of some sort that overpowered his Alpha energy, and it was fascinating and scary at the same time.         
Alpha Desmond took a deep breath and spoke loudly, "We all gathered here to celebrate the union of Alpha Damon Blake and Alpha Natalia Moonrider…"     
'You are beautiful,' Damon said to Talia through their mind link.     
'Do you like the dress?'     
'I like you the most naked, but this is fine also.'     
Talia bit her lower lip to prevent herself from bursting into giggles at the outrageous comment. 'Can you focus on the ceremony?'     
'This is a ceremony to celebrate our union. That's what I'm focusing on. The union.'     
He sent her a mental image of their naked bodies merged into one, and she could see from the corner of her eye that he was smiling smugly.      
She loved that he would show her all the sides of him, mischievous included. With her, he was not Alpha Damon, he was just Damon, free to be serious, sad, happy, lusty, overprotective, insecure, and goofy, and she wouldn't want him any other way.     
'Thank you,' she said.     
'For?'     
'For everything.'     
'You deserve so much more, kitten.'     
Talia turned her head to see him looking at her. 'Will you give me everything I deserve?'     
'Every day for the rest of our lives.'     
'I look forward to it.' She really did.     
Alpha Desmond was done talking, and Maddox handed two rings to Damon. They were matching wedding rings. Talia's was made of platinum, and it had designs in black gold, representing the moon and wolves. Damon's ring was made of black gold with the same designs as Talia's ring, but the designs on Damon's ring were made in platinum. When put side-by-side, they were matching but opposites, just like Damon and Talia.      
"Did you prepare your vows?" Alpha Desmond asked.     
Damon nodded and turned to face Talia completely. "Can I go first, kitten?"     
"OK." She was not sure what to expect.     
Damon took a deep breath, and he slid Talia's ring on her finger while talking, "Ever since I became of age, people were telling me that I should look for my soulmate. They said that when I find the one, she will make me stronger and wiser, and keep me grounded. I didn't believe them, and I made stupid mistakes in the process." Many stupid mistakes. "But then I met you, and you destroyed the illusion that I was enough. How can one half be enough after I've met the person who made me feel whole? I didn't know anything about you, but I knew that I was living for the moments you would look at me. I craved your approval, and I still do. I can't breathe in your absence."     
The ring was now fully on her finger, and Damon gestured toward the crowd on his right.      
"All this is for you. They are here to celebrate you, Natalia Moonrider, their leader, my soulmate. I vow in front of our people and guests that no matter what the future brings, I will choose you every single moment of my life. I will treat you as my equal, as my queen, if you allow me to."     
Talia's smile was crooked as she was suppressing the sobs bubbling in her throat. Damon spoke about his love for her in front of so many people, and she was sure she was floating.     
She took the second ring from Maddox and slipped it on Damon's ring finger while talking, "You showed me that fairytales could come true. I didn't think I deserved kindness, but you convinced me otherwise. At first, it was so overwhelming that I thought of escaping, but I didn't because loving you was easy. Moments with you were more precious than a lifetime without, and I couldn't leave. If staying by your side means we will face enemies and hardships, I will stay with you so we can face them together. Everything is worth it as long as we are together. I will never leave you, Damon Blake." She reminded him of a promise she had made a long time ago. "You showed me what it means to be treasured, and I accept your vow with a vow of my own. I will treat you as my equal, as my king, if you allow me to."     
Alpha Desmond was about to continue talking, but then he saw Damon raising his hand.         
"I waited for you for a long time," Damon said, his voice a bit raspy. It was Sapa.     
Talia's eyes flashed silver as Liseli came in front. "Thank you for waiting. I feared that you forgot about me, that you choose someone else."     
Damon stepped closer, and his dark eyes stared into Talia's silvery ones. "I will never choose someone else because you are my only one. I would rather spend eternity alone than with a female that will soil your memory. You are my first, my last, my everything."     
Liseli approved. 'You can kiss him now, girl,' the old spirit said, only for Talia to hear.     
Talia was in a daze. Liseli's love for Sapa amplified Talia's emotions, and there were Damon's, it was all boosted by her pregnancy hormones, and she could feel the positivity from two packs and the overall good mood, and her chin trembled as a lone tear slid down her cheek.     
###Chapter 1004: The Luna Ceremony of the century (9)
Chapter 1004: The Luna Ceremony of the century (9)
Damon was wiping Talia's moist cheeks with his palms.         
"Don't cry, kitten. This is a happy occasion."     
"I am happy," she said in a shaky voice. "I never thought I could be this happy. Thank you, Damon."     
Damon smiled at the silly female who was tearing up again, and he leaned to capture her lips with his.     
Olivia, Zina, and Dawn were also sniffling, and Keith and Arya exchanged glances like proud parents.     
Alpha Desmond cocked an eyebrow at the kissing couple in front of him. He was supposed to say that the Moon Goddess was blessing their union, and they were now husband and wife, but they were werewolves, and no one cared about it anyway, so he said, "You can kiss the bride!"     
People laughed and cheered as Damon and Talia hugged without breaking the kiss.     
Mindy's smile faltered when she saw a sheen of silver light enveloping Talia and darkness seeping out of Damon.     
'We need to block the view for humans!' Gideon shouted in the pack link.     
Mindy, Arya, Dawn, Zina, Olivia, and Trisha were first to move toward Damon and Talia, and then the others joined them to create a half-circle between the newlyweds and the rest of the crowd.     
People also stood up and cheered with the goal of creating a distraction.     
Humans were distracted, but there were a few Guardians in the audience that didn't miss the spectacle.     
Declyn confirmed that what he saw in the snow-covered forest was a manifestation of primal powers. In one breath, he could sense light, renewal, and immortality mixed with darkness, regression, and rebirth. It was all, it was nothing, and it was exhilarating.     
Declyn wondered what Gregory would do if he could witness this spectacle. If not for his greed, Gregory would be part of this. He always preached about ways for their species to flourish. There were several babies with the Guardian bloodline born or on the way, but Gregory was missing it because he was busy rotting in the dungeon.     
On the podium, Damon pulled out of the kiss, and Talia blinked at the sight of their friends surrounding them.     
'We had to cover up your light show,' Maya's voice sounded in Damon's and Talia's heads.     
"Sorry, everyone," Talia said, and the people parted.     
Alpha Desmon cleared his throat and spoke loudly, "It is my honor to present to you Alpha Damon Blake and Alpha Natalia Moonrider as Mr. and Mrs. Blake. From today onward, they will be known as one, and they wish to be known as equals."     
The crowd erupted in cheers, and Damon took Talia's hand into his and kissed her knuckles.     
'This is it, kitten,' he spoke to her through their mind link. 'Now you are mine. Forever. There is no escape.'     
Talia smiled dreamily. 'Even if I want to escape, the only way I can run is toward you.'     
Damon grinned in approval.     
"Ahh!" Talia cried when Damon scooped her into his arms.     
He carried her princess-style down the stairs, and people parted to open a path that led toward the dance area.     
For people watching online, drones hovered above Damon and Talia to record from every angle. People in the back who couldn't see were using their phones to watch through the live feed. Tyler thought of everything.     
By the time they reached the middle of the dance floor, the whole area was devoid of people.         
Damon lowered Talia to stand, and she bit her lip nervously as she became aware of so many eyes on her. How was it possible that Damon was so calm? More than calm, he was happy and proud.     
With the corner of her eye, Talia saw a figure in white approaching them.     
"Can I?" Valerian asked while offering his hand to Talia, palm up.     
Talia waited for Damon to nod in approval before she accepted Valerian's offer.     
Damon walked back to give them space, and slow music started.     
"I picked this song while thinking about you and your mother," Valerian said.     
They swayed slowly left and right, and then the singer's melodious voice was heard from the speakers.     
Talia didn't know this song, so she listened to the lyrics.     
"…You gave me a reason for living,     
You taught me the meaning of giving…"     
Talia was touched.     
"When I look into the mirror, I see     
Laughter in the eyes where tears used to be.     
Heavens sent you to me from above,     
To teach me about life and love…"     
By the time song ended, Talia was an emotional mess.     
"Thank you, Natalia," Valerian said. "For everything."     
Talia sniffled. "Why does this sound like a goodbye?"     
Valerian shook his head. "Goodbye? Where would I go? You are everything I have. Even if I go, I will always be nearby."     
"OK. That's enough," Damon grumbled while pulling Talia on him, and he frowned at Valerian. "Your dance is over. It's my turn now." And if it was up to Damon, Valerian won't get any turns. Ever again. Why was he upsetting Talia?     
'Watch yourself, boy,' Valerian growled in Damon's head through forced mind-link.     
Damon frowned. 'Don't you see she is emotional? I planned this day to make her happy and not cry. Do you need to mention how your mate is gone? Talia knows that already!'     
Valerian's frown matched Damon's, but he didn't want to cause a scene. Damon was right.     
Valerian gave Talia a stiff smile and walked away, leaving Damon and Talia on the dance floor.     
'Kitten?' Damon called. 'Are you alright?'         
'Yes, yes,' Talia confirmed right away. 'Emotional, but happy. I just wish that my dad could be happy also.'     
'He is happy for you, for us.'     
'He would be happier if his mate was here.'     
Damon touched Talia's chin and made her look at him. 'What happened to your mother was not your fault. You were a baby. I need you to stop blaming yourself. You can't fix everything.'     
Talia looked in the direction where Valerian had left, and she realized that Damon was right. His words applied to her father as well. Valerian needed to stop blaming himself for everything that happened to Astraea and Talia, and for everything else. She decided to talk to him about it later.     
"Do we also get a dance?" Talia asked Damon.     
Damon grinned. "You get my every next dance for the rest of our lives, kitten."     
Music started, and the singer was singing, but she could clearly hear Damon singing in a low voice for her.     
"When a man loves a woman,     
If she is bad, he can't see it,     
She can do no wrong…"     
Talia was staring at Damon, and her legs were moving, but the only thing she could comprehend was Damon's proximity, his scent, and his deep voice that was full of emotions.      
"This man loves you, woman.     
I gave you everything I have,     
Baby, please don't treat me bad…"     
Talia swallowed the pinch at the back of her throat. Can he be any sweeter?     
Damon leaned closer, and his breath splashed on her ear.     
"When a man loves a woman     
I know exactly how he feels,     
Because kitten, you're my world..."     
Talia's chin shivered, and then the waterworks started again.     
Damon looked at Talia helplessly. He wanted her to be happy, and he gave Mindy his credit card and freedom to organize everything other than a few bits he handled himself. Damon was confident that Talia would like it, and he could feel she was happy, but she was also crying. Now what?     
'Old guy!' Damon called. 'What do I do?'     
Sapa snorted. 'Your intention was good, but you pushed too much. Mate's emotions are erratic. Physical touch will stabilize her.'     
Without thinking, Damon pressed his lips on Talia's and pulled her on him. The best thing would be to get naked and cuddle or maybe to have sex, but none of those were an option considering their surroundings.         
It took Talia a few seconds to raise her arms and wrap them around Damon's neck, and Damon hummed in approval when she kissed him back with passion replacing the sobs.     
'Tell me this is real, Damon,' Talia spoke into their mind link.      
'It's real.'     
'How can you be sure?'     
'Because I'm controlling myself from ripping your dress.'     
Talia smiled into the kiss and pushed herself further into Damon. 'I love you, Damon Blake.'     
'I love you more, Mrs. Blake.'     
Talia's heart skipped a beat. He had called her Mrs. Blake many times before, but this time... it was different.     
Mindy couldn't believe this.     
'They are about to glow again!' Mindy shouted in the pack-link. She thought that the biggest challenges were decorations and securing food for all these people, yet it turned out she needed to babysit Damon and Talia or risk exposure to humans.     
Gideon tugged Mindy onto the dancefloor. 'If we are there, humans won't notice!'     
Zina pulled Owen to the dancefloor, and Arya and Keith were next with Maddox, Tatiana, Caden, Maya, Cornelia, James, and many others filling the space. They coordinated their positions in order to keep humans as far as possible from Damon and Talia.     
Mindy loved that Gideon was dancing with her, but she was still huffing because Damon and Talia were so reckless.     
"Let them enjoy, princess. If you are upset, our pup is upset also," Gideon said.     
His deep voice full of wisdom, combined with her favorite scent of lavender, calmed her down instantly.     
"What would I do without you?"     
Gideon chuckled and pulled her closer for a kiss. He didn't know what she would do without him, but he knew that his life before Mindy was pale compared to what he had now. He had a beautiful mate who kept him on his toes and filled their house with laughter, and there was a pup on the way, and he couldn't be happier.     
###Chapter 1005: The Luna Ceremony of the century (10)
Chapter 1005: The Luna Ceremony of the century (10)
Zina was dancing with Owen, but she couldn't stop herself from looking at the dancing couples around them.         
She sighed dramatically.     
"Is anything wrong, angel?" Owen asked.     
"Everyone is having babies other than us."     
"You want pups?"     
"Don't you?" Zina responded with a question.     
Owen looked at her seriously. "We can work on that after this party."     
"I will count on that, General Owen."     
Owen puffed his chest proudly. He loved when Zina used his title. Only he knew what hellish training and tests he needed to pass in order to retain that title. He thought he was working hard in the Red Moon pack, but only after training personally with George and Damon, Owen realized there were several levels he needed to climb to consider himself capable.     
It's not that Owen didn't want pups, but he was a man of habits. He had a simple life filled with training and patrol duties and occasional missions, but ever since he spotted Zina at the market in the Red Moon pack, Owen's life became hectic. Much better compared to what it was, but definitely hectic.     
He had a mate now, and he was a General. He changed packs and was friends with George. So many things changed, but Zina looked totally in her element, and he decided to go with it. If she wanted pups, he would provide the seeds. The only thing they needed was for Zina to go into heat, but he overheard that Talia could do something about it. Heat meant several days of non-stop sex. Owen was looking forward to it.     
Olivia melted in Travis' embrace. It was their first time dancing, and she loved the way he was holding her. Their bond was still fresh, and she was feeling anxious when they were not in touching distance.     
Travis would twirl her and kiss her all over her face, and she would giggle foolishly. During one of those twirls, Olivia froze. She stared at a male and female who were standing next to the dancing area and smiling at her.     
"Dad? Mom?" Olivia breathed.     
"We will talk later," her father mouthed and waved at Olivia to focus on Travis.     
Her mom was pointing her phone at Olivia and Travis, obviously recording them.     
Olivia turned to Travis and looked at him with tears in her eyes. "Did you get them to come here?"     
Travis pulled her into his embrace and spoke into her hair as they swayed slowly. "I told them we are mates and that we will be here. Is that OK?"     
"What did you tell them about…?" She didn't finish, but Travis understood.     
"They know that your previous mate died in the Shadowbite pack and that we met recently. Beyond that, whatever you want to disclose, it will back you up."     
Olivia didn't want to burden her parents with what she went through. It would only make them feel bad, and it's not like they can take it back. "Thank you, Travis." She will tell her parents how awesome mate Travis was and that she was working in the pack hospital as a medical assistant. She had so much more to learn!      
Travis noticed that Olivia became stiff. "If I knew that you would be so cautious because your parents are here, I wouldn't tell them anything."     
Olivia realized he was right. But there was nothing she could do other than… She raised her arms, and her fingers laced behind Travis' neck. She got on her toes and spoke against his lips, "You should do your best to loosen me up, Doctor Travis."     
Travis smiled into the kiss, and he loved the way she melted into him. In less than a second, Olivia kissed him back, and she forgot that her parents were watching (and recording) them.     
Tony and Kalina were also in the dancing crowd. Tony raised his hand to spin Kalina, but she didn't respond as he expected.     
"What's wrong?" Tony asked while wondering if he did something to upset her.         
"I don't think I should perform vigorous movements, considering my condition," Kalina said.     
Tony frowned, and he looked at her legs. "Are you hurt?" Those were super-high heels, and Kalina was a sportish type.     
"No."     
"Then? Why can't you make vigorous movements?"     
"Just tell him!" Tatiana chimed in from the side. "Your dumbass mate won't get a hint."     
Tony's frown deepened. Did he hear her right? "Dumbass?"     
"Tony has a wonderful ass, and he is not dumb," Kalina snapped at her sister.     
Tony glared at Tatiana and spoke to Kalina, "I know she is your sister, and I know she is pregnant, but it seems she doesn't know that every man has a line that shouldn't be crossed." And he was an Alpha!     
Tatiana wanted to bicker, but Maddox sealed her mouth with a kiss. He didn't want their sister-squabbling to escalate, and it was obvious that Tony was irked.     
Tatiana's temper was getting more explosive as her pregnancy progressed, and she was stressed after working on all the outfits for this event. Maddox hoped she wouldn't cause a war before their baby was born.     
Maddox relaxed when Tatiana's arms tightened around him, and he took a mental note to apologize to Tony later.     
Kalina cupped Tony's cheeks with his palms and forced her to look at him. "Ignore her and focus on your mate."     
Tony released a sharp breath. "You were about to tell me something. It seemed important."     
"We are pregnant," Kalina said.     
Tony's eyebrows went up until they reached his hairline. "What?"     
Kalina laughed at his comical expression. "We are pregnant."     
"Are you sure?"     
Kalina nodded, and before she could finish that nod, Tony was kissing her like there was no tomorrow.     
Tony regretted that his parents were not there. Ever since he became the Alpha of the Lightclaw pack, Alpha Magnus and Luna Alicia have been traveling. Tony was confident they would be excited about a grandchild.      
George was swaying slowly with Dawn in his arms. That was his cinnamon-infused mate, and her scent became sweeter due to pregnancy.     
George was perfectly happy to be an Alpha without his pack. It gave him time to be with Dawn, and he still had their little town without the politics and paperwork a pack would require.     
George was Damon's second in command regarding warriors, and Caden was Damon's Beta in charge of other matters related to the pack.     
James was the Gamma, handling finances and strategizing, while Maya, Cornelia, and Mindy took care of housing, events, and anything else pack members would need.     
Zina was the main person in the matters regarding the packhouse, with Trisha, Dawn, and Rose helping her out.     
This division of work was good for everyone.         
Talia knew she couldn't be a good Luna of the Dark Howlers pack without neglecting the Midnight Guardians pack, and leaving Damon was out of the question. She was considering options of giving Axel the Alpha position (which he refused repeatedly), and merging the Midnight Guardians pack with the Dark Howlers pack.     
Merging packs would require a lot of logistics due to the time difference between the two realms, and James came up with a few suggestions on how to make it work. However, Talia was hoping that her father would accept to take over his rightful position as the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. She didn't talk about it with Valerian because she was waiting for him to recuperate.     
Dinner was like a massive buffet with only the main table with the wedding party being served.     
They had much more people than invited, but there was food for everyone. People without assigned seats got prepackaged food, and they went into the forest to have a picnic-style dinner.     
The food was delicious, and the cake was massive. Damon and Talia cut the cake together, and they fed each other the first pieces.     
"Now, this is a human custom I support," Damon said while feeding Talia cake.     
Talia hummed in satisfaction as chocolate cake melted on her tongue.     
"Do you like it?" Damon asked.     
Talia smiled. "I like you more."     
Damon approved. He liked her the most.     
With the corner of his eye, Damon saw Ashton. That pesky boy had come to them three times already, always with some excuse to talk to Talia. Luckily, his mother was sensible enough to take him away. Damon smiled when he saw some girls chasing Ashton, so the snotty boy disappeared into the crowd.     
"Are you comfortable in that dress?" Damon asked, and Talia knew that he was eager to undress her.     
"It's a beautiful dress," Talia responded. "It's a pity I got to wear it for a short time." And she hoped Damon wouldn't rip it.     
"How much longer do you want to wear it?"     
"Can we dance to a few more songs? After that, you can accompany me home to slip into something more comfortable."     
Damon put another piece of chocolate cake in Talia's mouth, and she leaned on him as the chocolate goodness coated her taste buds.     
Talia closed her eyes and focused on their surroundings. She smiled while confirming that people were eating, dancing, talking, and laughing… they were happy.     
"Is something wrong, kitten?" Damon asked when he sensed that her mood was off.     
"My father. He is upset."     
"Is he still salty about the dancing?"     
"No. This is different," Talia responded. "He is in the forest, to the South. With… Sophia and Isaac."     
Damon had an idea what that was about. "Do you want to check it out?"     
"Can we?"     
"You can do whatever you want, kitten."     
Talia didn't want to meddle, but she was curious. So far, Valerian showed disapproval of what Sophia and Isaac did, but he was not interested in meeting with them or with members of the Midnight Guardians pack. This could be big.         
###Chapter 1006: Valerian's anger (1)
Chapter 1006: Valerian's anger (1)
Sophia and Isaac stood in the small clearing while observing the people gathered around them and Valerian.          
After the cake was served, Cassandra approached Sophia and Isaac to say that Valerian wanted to talk and that they should follow her.     
Sophia didn't want to. She already knew what this would be about. But did she have a choice?     
She thought it would be something in private, but she didn't expect them to walk into a crowd of people, and they were all from the Midnight Guardians pack. Sophia didn't like the audience, but Isaac told her that was a good thing.     
'He won't do anything drastic in front of so many people,' Isaac told Sophia through their mind link.     
Sophia was not so optimistic. Her brother was always a rebel, doing whatever he wanted. Just as he left the pack to explore the world beyond the portal in search of his mate, he was gone for a long time, only to return with a baby and disappear again!     
People formed a circle around Sophia, Isaac, Valerian, and Cassandra and observed the situation from behind bushes and trees, curious to see what would happen next. No one knew the circumstances that caused Valerian's prolonged absence.     
Valerian stood in silence while observing Sophia. He didn't care much about Isaac. Valerian met him two decades ago, and he knew that Isaac was Sophia's mate. Anything beyond that, Valerian found out from Cassandra's stories that told him how his parents left to search for him, and then Sophia took over as the Alpha with Isaac by her side and the isolation that got worse after they gave Talia away.     
Did Sophia and Isaac tighten security out of fear that Talia will return? Cassandra didn't know, but Valerian thought how that was a possibility.     
Cassandra didn't know where Talia was in the human realm. As an Oracle, her duty was to share divinations, deal with ceremonies, and provide guidance to members who were discovering their abilities.     
Damon told Valerian that Talia was placed with a family of humans who were aware of creatures and that Alpha Howard took Talia from there. They had no information about how Alpha Howard found out about Talia and if he knew how special she was, but it all pointed out that he had some awareness because he kept her hidden. The Red Moon pack emphasized warriors, so if he took her as any other orphan, Talia would end up in the barracks and not hidden in the attic.      
The more Valerian thought about it, the more suspicious he became.      
Sophia fidgeted under Valerian's unyielding gaze. She didn't know why he was standing there without a word spoken. He didn't seem to be mind-linking anyone and she had no idea that he could hear the thoughts of everyone around him, Sophia's included.     
Isaac couldn't take it anymore. "Why are we here?"     
"Shouldn't you greet your brother-in-law?" Valerian asked. "Or did you forget who I am?"     
"That…" Isaac was unsure what to say. He and Sophia spoke through the mind link so much this evening that it seemed like it was days since they realized that Valerian was alive and present at the ceremony.     
"We didn't forget," Sophia said. "We are surprised to see you here. Where have you been? Why didn't you come home?"     
"I bet you are surprised, my dear sister," Valerian's words were dripping with sarcasm. "Where have I been? If you used your ability, you would be able to find me."     
Sophia's eyes widened, and then she glared at Cassandra who was standing behind Valerian. Other than Alphas, only Oracle knew about the abilities of the pack members because she was in charge of guiding them on how to discover and perfect their unique traits.     
Valerian sneered. "Instead of searching for me, you decided to restrict usage of the portal. Why? Were you afraid that people would leave? Or were you preventing someone from coming back?"     
Sophia shook her head. "You have no right to judge me. You left. Mom and dad left. I did…" She paused to glance at Isaac. "WE did what we thought was the best of the pack."     
Valerian was about to say something, but then he turned to look to his right with a frown.     
Sophia and Isaac looked in that direction, and a few seconds later, they could see the crowd parting and bowing while creating a path for Talia and Damon.     
"Are we late?" Talia asked Valerian.     
Valerian released a long breath. "I didn't want to interrupt your party."     
"The party is not interrupted," Talia said and turned to look at the people around them. "It seems that the party is here. Please, continue."         
"Do we need to do this in front of our people?" Sophia asked.     
"Yes," Talia responded. "The time when you did things in secrecy is gone. Our people deserve to know what happened because this impacts them all. Don't you think so?"     
No, Sophia didn't think so!     
"You will kick us when we are down?" Sophia asked Talia. "You are Alpha, and we are outcasts. Isn't that enough?"     
"ENOUGH!?" Valerian shouted, and Sophia and Isaac jumped in fright.     
"It will be enough when you return my daughter two decades of life she lost!"     
By now, almost everyone from the Midnight Guardians pack was gathered there, and some other werewolves were in attendance also, curious to find out what was going on.     
Axel and Yasmin also came, and so did Evanora and Edgar, carrying Valeria and Edgar (the babies) in their arms.     
Sophia knew that begging for mercy won't work. If anything, it will only infuriate Valerian further. Besides, she would never beg, no matter the circumstances. She had Alpha blood running in her veins, and Alphas don't apologize or beg.     
"I did what was best at that time," Sophia said. "You left. Mom and dad left. Our people needed guidance, and there was no one else to take over that role, so I stepped up. I admit. I was not ready, but whose fault was that? Why were you the only one with training? I had no idea how to lead a pack, and I focused on preserving what we had. I restricted the use of the portal because it was the only way to keep our people safe. You would do the same."     
"Maybe I would," Valerian said. "But after some time, I would see that my people were not happy. That they were suffering and that they needed their mates."     
Sophia shook her head. "It was not safe. What's the point of letting them go out to find mates if they don't come back? Our scouts reported that our people were hunted, and we knew that others coveted our abilities. It was better to stay unmated and safe than to give them hope only to be captured and used for who-knows-what!"     
Valerian turned to Talia. "Yet my daughter managed to do it. She found a way for our people to seek mates and stay safe, and she didn't use her lack of training as an excuse."     
Valerian shook his head and narrowed his eyes at Sophia. "But that's not why I brought you here. Since I heard what you've done to Natalia, I was trying to come up with the right punishment for you two and everyone involved."     
Cassandra took a step back from Valerian. She knew she couldn't flee, but this little distance gave her a tiny dose of security.     
Sophia was staring at Valerian. "What will you do?"     
"I thought of sealing your abilities, but Natalia already did that."     
The crowd stirred. They didn't know that Sophia and Isaac were stripped of their abilities. That was the worst punishment for a member of the Midnight Guardians pack.     
In order to have their abilities, they refrained from carnal pleasures until they found their mates. It might not sound like a big deal, but as werewolves, they were licentious, and celibacy went against their nature. In a way, it was torture. After they found their mates and gained abilities, it took a long time to discover and master its uses. Everyone was proud of their ability, no matter how small or useful it was.     
Valerian sneered as he could hear the thoughts of the pack members. His sister always had a knack for talking so that she tells the truth, yet in a way that paints her as the victim. "You think that's a harsh punishment? It's exactly what they were planning to do to Natalia."     
Gasps mixed with 'Ohs' and 'Ahs' were heard from the crowd.     
Valerian raised his hand to get them to quiet down. "And not only to Natalia, but to her mate as well."     
Another wave of murmurs swelled through the crowd.     
"Alpha Valerian," Cassandra called. "Can I tell them what happened?"     
Valerian responded with a small nod, and Cassandra started with her prophecy related to Talia.         
Cassandra shrunk under Sophia's gaze, but she found strength in Valerian's presence. She knew that she had a role in this, and she thought that this was a way to come out clean.     
"The baby girl you left us for safekeeping had a strong spirit, and we knew she was the one from the prophecy. Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac decided to take her away to prevent calamity. Everyone knows that my prophecies are vague and open to interpretation, but Alpha Sophia and Alpha Isaac were convinced that the child would bring downfall to the Midnight Guardians pack," Cassandra said. "I found out about what happened after the baby was gone, and they said that with her not knowing about her heritage, she won't save herself for her mate, which meant that her abilities won't awaken. Our next Alpha grew up as an Omega in the Red Moon pack, hiding and starving."     
"I didn't know that Alpha Howard would take her!" Sophia hissed.     
'She is lying,' Liseli spoke in Talia's head, and Talia gasped.     
###Chapter 1007 Valerian's anger (2)
Chapter 1007  Valerian's anger (2)
'What do you mean, she is lying?' Talia asked Liseli. 
'I can only tell if her statement was a lie or truth,' Liseli responded. 'For anything more than that, we need to look into her mind. What do you say?' 
Liseli was eager to find out Sophia's secrets and make her an imbecile in the process. 
'No.' Talia refused. 'I'm sure my father will handle this.' 
Talia didn't want to know the contents of Sophia's mind. Sophia was ugly on the inside, and Talia was still scarred by the monstrosities that stemmed from Tristan's, Luis', and Stephanie's memories. Looking into the minds of other people came with a price, and Talia couldn't disassociate herself from those gruesome scenes that were etched into her mind like she was there, like she was the one doing it. Beatings, blood, crying, backstabbing… 
'Kitten?' Damon called through their mind link. He picked up Talia's unstable emotions. 
Talia didn't want to talk about it, but she didn't want to hide what she had just discovered. 'She knew about Alpha Howard.' 
Damon's eyes instantly turned black, and he glared at Sophia, who was focused on Valerian. 
"You knew that Talia was in the Red Moon pack," Damon said in a low voice, and his Alpha aura pressed on Sophia and Isaac. "She was abused to the point of her wolf weakening, yet you did nothing! She was just a child!" 
Sophia was instantly covered in a cold sweat, and her body bent at an awkward angle. "I…" 
"THE TRUTH!" Valerian shouted, and his words carried his Alpha aura. 
"I… I…" Sophia tried to resist, but it was in vain, as Valerian's command was directed at her. 
"I knew," Sophia said. "So what? Some guy from the Red Moon pack or any other, it didn't matter. As long as they took her first time, she would be harmless. She wouldn't know what she lost, and we would be safe." 
"Safe?" Damon asked in disbelief. "Who are these WE you are talking about? Isn't that just you and your mate? You left a helpless child to fend for herself while hoping that some guy will..." Damon couldn't finish. He took a sharp breath and glared at Sophia and Isaac. "This was about the two of you keeping your Alpha positions. If the pack knew that the rightful heir existed, you would just be temporary Alphas until Talia came of age, and Axel would never get the title of the next Alpha." 
Axel was alerted. "I didn't…" He stopped talking when Talia raised her hand. 
"You didn't know," Talia said, and she looked at Axel seriously. "You are not responsible for the actions of your parents. Without your persistence, I wouldn't find out who I was. For that, I thank you." 
Axel put his hand over his chest. "There is no need to thank me, Alpha. I did what was right." ( we are NovelFire.nEt) 
"You turned on your parents!" Sophia said angrily. 
"I did what you taught me," Axel said. "Didn't you say that the family sticks together? Didn't you say that the pack comes first? Or were those teachings only when they worked in your favor? I couldn't believe that you… How could you...? Even when she came to you for help, instead of fixing the wrongs, you…" Axel couldn't finish his sentences, and he was grateful that Yasmin hugged him. He found comfort in her presence. 
Talia's temper flared as she remembered how she found Damon on the altar with dark runes restraining him. "I came to you for help, yet you used dark magic to suppress Damon's abilities. Why? He was not related to your pack." 
"He was already too strong. No one should have so much power," Sophia said. 
Talia sneered. "You wanted to say, no one should have so much power unless it's YOU! Your action warrants a war with the Dark Howlers pack. Did you think about that? Or were you counting that no one will find out what happened, and you can tuck it under the rug as other heinous things you did?" 
"My parents will be ashamed to hear of this," Kai said in a low voice, and he leaned on Meg, who was holding him as his legs were wobbly. Kai's parents didn't play a big role, but they were proud to be Betas of the Midnight Guardians pack, yet their Alphas sacrificed a baby, and their reckless actions nearly caused a war with the biggest pack in North America. 
Axel swayed as the whole forest was spinning. Since he found out that Sophia and Isaac had given Talia away, he believed it was because of their ignorance and fear, and this… just what was this? 
Sophia and Isaac knew Talia was in the Red Moon pack!? 
Of course, they knew. His mother's ability was to see things. Even if she didn't know where exactly Talia was, with enough time and focus, she could find her, and his father's ability was teleporting. They could rescue Talia anytime, yet they pretended she didn't exist. They probably knew about the horrid treatment Talia endured, and they did nothing! Did they know about Valerian also? What about his grandparents and all those missing pack members? 
Axel was a father, and he couldn't believe that the same people who taught him about moral values gave an innocent baby away with the hope that some random man would defile so they could keep their positions. Axel thought of the Alpha position as magnificent, but his parents made it dirty! 
Axel lowered his head in shame. How could he look Talia in the eyes? How could he face their people? Could he look into his parents? He wanted to hug Valeria and Edgar and to keep them close… away from Sophia and Isaac. 
"It's OK," Yasmin said while tightening her hug on Axel, and she spoke only for him to hear, "You are your own person. You are a wonderful father and even better mate. Our people love and support you." 
Axel leaned his forehead on Yasmin's shoulder, and he listened to her comforting words while taking deep breaths to fill his lungs with her scent of jasmine, which had the power to calm his anxiety. 
Sophia saw that Axel turned away from her. And it was not just Axel; everyone either avoided her gaze or looked at her with dejection. She was an Alpha everyone admired, yet now they were looking at her like she was a criminal. 
"You are doing this on purpose!" Sophia hissed at Valerian. 
"What? Exposing you? Yes." 
Isaac held Sophia's shoulders, and he gave her a squeeze while saying through their mind link. 'Calm down. Being angry won't solve anything other than turning others against us. We will talk about this later.' 
"I agree," Valerian said. "Being angry won't solve anything, but I think everyone here already is against what you did." 
Isaac gaped at Valerian. "How do you…?" He stopped talking when Valerian narrowed his eyes at him, and he heard Valerian's voice in his mind, 'Watch your next words, Isaac. At this point, I see Sophia as the culprit and you as an ignorant sheep. You probably want it to stay that way.' 
Isaac couldn't believe this. Did Valerian call him a sheep? How degrading. He was a werewolf Alpha! And how did Valerian force that message in? Isaac closed up his mind link, so it was only between Sophia and Isaac. Was Valerian so much stronger, or was that his ability? 
Declyn watched this from the side with amusement. He was wondering how ex- 
Alphas would end up. It was obvious that they offended strong characters, and their whole pack disapproved of their actions. 
'Lis?' Talia called. 'Would their plan work if Damon didn't find me?' 
'No,' Liseli responded. 'The blood of a Goddess is strong in you. You suffered while growing up only because of their ignorance. Aren't you angry?' 
Surprisingly, Talia was not angry. She was numb. 
'That's fine,' Liseli said. 'I can be angry for both of us. Regarding your abilities that stem from your bloodline, even without me, if your body and spirit were fine, you would have them. It is not related to that wild night of sex in the Lightclaw pack.' 
Talia couldn't believe that she was blushing in this situation, but Liseli sent her mental images of Talia and Damon in the tub, fireworks, and then fireworks of a different kind in the bedroom. Kisses, caresses, and the way Damon looked at her while promising that she would be his last. Talia could feel her stomach tightening at the vivid memories of the stretch and friction as he made his way inside her. 
Instead of being angry at Sophia and Isaac for abandoning her, Talia was looking at Damon dreamily. 
Damon turned to Talia in slow motion, and he looked at her questionably. 
Talia knew he could sense her emotions which didn't match the situation, but it was not a bad thing. 
"I refuse to let them take away any more happiness than they already did," she said. "I choose to be happy with you." She spread her hands to gesture at everyone. "I choose to be happy with all of you. Past should teach us lessons, and we should not allow ourselves to be weighed down by it. Sophia and Isaac wronged me, and I punished them for it. They wronged my father, and it is on him to decide how he will deal with it. They also wronged the Midnight Guardians pack, and it's up to each of you to decide what you will do about it." 
Isaac looked around nervously, and Sophia felt like fainting from anger. Did Talia permit everyone from the Midnight Guardians pack to take a swing at them?
###Chapter 1008 Valerian's anger (3)
Chapter 1008 Valerian's anger (3)
"That's nonsense!" Sophia hissed. "Even without our positions, we are still Alphas. How can you ask pack members to attack us? Do you expect us to sit and do nothing?" 
"No one said you can't defend yourself," Talia said. "The strongest ones rule, and everyone depends on their abilities. Without your abilities, you are just an Alpha. Without your pack's support, you are a weak Alpha. I wonder how things would turn out if you faced someone with abilities." 
Talia looked at the people surrounding them. "Do you think this is cruel? Sophia gave me away after her brother asked her to take care of me, and Isaac enabled her. If they abandoned their own family, do you think they would spare yours? These two already showed that they don't care about you. They kept the whole pack imprisoned, knowing you were suffering. Sophia can say it was not a big deal because her mate was by her side. They claim it was for the best of the pack, and I'm calling out their hypocrisy." 
"Sophia doesn't know what you are talking about," Valerian said to Talia. "Living without a mate is worse than dying. Your soul cries for its other half, and there is nothing you can do about it. You move, talk, eat, and force yourself to smile. Every morning you are disappointed that death didn't welcome you because you would do anything to end the agony." 
Talia's heart ached for her father, and she was grateful for Damon's hold tightening around her. 
Talia shared Liseli's emotions which gave her first-hand experience of living without a mate. The idea of living apart from Damon was heartbreaking, and Damon's solid embrace provided comfort. 
Sapa gave Damon a glimpse of many lifetimes without a mate, and Damon knew that Valerian was not exaggerating. 
And it was not just Damon and Talia; all mated couples were holding each other tightly while unmated ones felt the longing for their other half they were yet to meet. 
Valerian spoke to Sophia and Isaac. "What the two of you did was killing the pack. Slowly torturing them until they lost their will to live. For that, you will need to make amends with every pack member." 
"You were not there!" Sophia said. 
"I wasn't. That's why it doesn't apply to me. But I will punish you for what you did to my daughter and me." 
"What?" Isaac asked weakly. 
"I entrusted you with Natalia's safety when she was barely a few months old. I left her thinking she was safe with family, yet you discarded her because you saw her as someone who would jeopardize your position. Giving her away was an act against the rightful Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. That was treason against the family and the pack. For that…" Valerian narrowed his eyes. "I will take away your spirits." 
Sophia and Isaac stared at Valerian while wondering if he was serious. How could he take away spirits? Wasn't that taking away their wolves? That's murder while letting them stay alive! 
"You said she was the culprit, and I was…" Isaac's voice trailed when he saw Sophia glaring at him. 
"You are right," Valerian said to Isaac. "Sophia was responsible, but you were right by her side, watching it unfold. You could have stopped it, but you let it happen. For that, you are guilty of acting against a direct descendent of the Moonrider family, the future Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. The penalty should be death or life in the dungeon, but I won't stoop to your level. When I'm done, you will be able to walk away with your lives." 
Without any warning, Sophia and Isaac fell to their knees. Every cell in their bodies screamed in agonizing pain as part of their essence was extracted, making them feel like their flesh was slowly peeled off. 
Talia looked at her father to see that his eyes were glowing in silvery light, and she could recognize the energies that belonged to the Guardians. Pulses of wind that spread from Valerian carried Astraea's essence. Talia remembered that Valerian said her mother used her energy to protect him, which worked years later whenever Guardians tried to harm him. Was he using that energy now? It looked like it. 
'Lis, we need to help him.' 
'How?' 
'He is using the last thing my mother left behind. That energy is not his, so he won't be able to recover it.' 
'Maybe that's for the best. Without traces of Astraea, there is a chance he could move on.' 
'Nonsense!' Talia responded angrily. 'Could you move on without Sapa? Would you move on if you had a choice?' 
Liseli didn't respond, but Talia felt that her wolf regretted her words. Liseli loved Sapa more than life itself, just as Talia loved Damon. Would she want to move on if Sapa was dead? She was waiting and hoping for centuries, and even if it were ten times longer, she wouldn't give up on the hope that they would reunite; if not in this life, then in the next one. 
Talia got out of Damon's embrace and walked toward Valerian. 
Valerian didn't move a muscle when Talia's hand landed on his shoulder, and the warmth spread from their point of contact to the rest of Valerian's body. 
Talia felt Damon's hand holding hers. 
'Don't stop me, Damon,' Talia spoke to him through the mind link. 
'I am not stopping you, kitten. I am offering you my energy so you can keep yours for our pup.' 
Talia wanted to say how she had plenty of energy to spare, but she knew that Damon wanted to support her, and she let him have it. 
'Thank you, Damon.' 
It lasted less than a minute. When it was over, Sophia and Isaac were lying on the ground and crying as their limbs twitched. It was a pitiful sight. 
Valerian released a long breath and looked up into the sky speckled with numerous stars. Was Astraea watching him? It was almost like he could feel her presence. Or was that because Talia channeled her energy through him? She was so much like her mother that it brought him to tears. He missed his mate to the point of madness. 
Talia noticed that Valerian was lost in his thoughts, and she focused on Sophia and Isaac who were struggling to breathe. 
Talia wanted to leave Sophia and Isaac alone, she really did. For Axel's sake. However, with them not showing remorse after all this time, Talia realized that keeping them around would give them a chance to cause more harm. 
Talia and Damon didn't figure out if Sophia and Isaac had anything to do with Yasmin and the twins ending up in the hands of the Guardians, but that would only add to their existing crimes and not change the outcome. 
"Sophia and Isaac of the Midnight Guardians pack," Talia spoke in an official tone while releasing some of her Alpha aura. "For the crimes you committed against my pack, I, Alpha Natalia Moonrider, banish you from the Midnight Guardians pack." 
Sophia and Isaac didn't have their wolves, which meant they didn't have the pack link either, but Talia wanted everyone to know about them being unwelcome. 
Talia spoke to the pack members gathered. "You heard what happened. If you want to know more, the pack Oracle can tell you about it. I will leave it up to you to decide if this was enough to punish them for what they did. They are no more than humans now. If you want to maintain contact with Sophia and Isaac, you won't be persecuted. However, they are outsiders and are not welcome into the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack." 
"I will join my mate and declare that Sophia and Isaac are not welcome in the territory of the Dark Howlers pack," Damon said. He wanted to punish them for acting against him, but they were just humans, and there was nothing left to take from them. Killing them would do them a favor. He wanted them to suffer. 
Tony stepped forward from the crowd. "I will use this opportunity to announce that Sophia and Isaac are not welcome in the territory of the Lightclaw pack. People who don't care about their family won't care about their allies either." 
"The Blue River pack is joining in branding Sophia and Isaac as unwelcome," Maddox said from the side. 
Cristian was also there. "Sophia and Isaac are not welcome in the Spring Leaf pack. If caught near the border, they will be treated as hostile." 
Talia didn't realize when Maddox, Tony, and Cristian came here. Now that she paid attention, she realized that the audience had swelled significantly. 
Talia was touched that Tatiana, Kalina, and Michelle stood by their mates, silently supporting their decision. 
Talia's eyes fell on Axel, whose head was lowered. Yasmin was standing by Axel with her arms around him. Evanora and Edgar were there also, holding the twins, who were sleeping peacefully, totally unaware of the commotion. 
Talia walked to Axel and Yasmin. "I am sorry, Axel. I know they were good parents to you. If you want to provide for them, you are welcome to do so, but not in my territory. As my proxy, this is the only thing you cannot override." 
"Do I deserve that position?" Axel asked. 
"You do," Talia assured him. "Not because of your bloodline, but because you showed me that you care for our pack and for what we are trying to accomplish here. The sins of parents shouldn't be transferred to their children. Everyone has the right to their fate. You are a capable Alpha, and I am honored to call you my friend. You shouldn't carry the weight of what your parents did, but you can continue fixing the damage they caused by taking care of the Midnight Guardians pack. That's what an Alpha would do." 
Axel looked at Talia gratefully. "I vow to do my best for our pack." 
Talia smiled and gave him a brief hug with, "I know you will." 
RedSonia
###Chapter 1009 Forgiving Cassandra
Chapter 1009 Forgiving Cassandra
Talia noticed Cassandra, who was standing behind Valerian. 
"Come here," Talia said. 
Cassandra's heart was stuck in her throat. This was it, and she was terrified. But she couldn't run away. There was nowhere to hide. 
She dragged her feet until she stood before Talia, and she lowered her head respectfully. "Alpha." 
Cassandra pressed her lips into a line and waited for the verdict. Will they take away her wolf? She watched Sophia and Isaac, and it looked painful. 
"Don't be afraid," Talia said. "I want to return your ability." 
Cassandra lifted her head to stare at Talia. "What?" 
"I can't blame you for the prophecy or events triggered by it. I took away your ability because of your actions against Damon. What you did was morally wrong, but the truth is that a pack prospers only while following its Alpha. Damon will decide how to handle your punishment." 
Talia thought about this. While fighting against rogues and Guardians, Damon and Talia depended on their warriors and allies to follow orders. 
Cassandra obeyed Sophia and Isaac when they told her to suppress Damon's ability. If Cassandra refused, how would that compare to Stephanie collaborating with the Guardians because she thought it was the best for the pack? Which one should be punished? Was Cassandra's crime of following orders graver than Stephanie's for going against her Alpha and Luna? Can they even call what Cassandra did a crime? Talia didn't have answers to these questions, but she knew that if people acted on their own sense of justice, packs would fall apart, and their society would descend into chaos. 
"I do not need my ability," Cassandra said. 
Talia was surprised by this development. "Are you sure?" 
"I lived without my ability for a long time." In the witches' realm, it felt like forever. "At first, I struggled to find my way without it, but thanks to not having it, I realized there is so much more to life. Living without my ability will be a reminder that I am someone who has access to the Alpha, and it is my duty to warn Alphas when they are about to commit a mistake, instead of just blindly following orders. My role should be more than an Oracle. I want to focus on interpreting prophecies and advising my Alpha. If you allow me to." 
Talia approved. "Good that you know. Is there something else you would want instead of your ability?" 
"There is something," Cassandra said in a small voice. "I heard that the Guardians have an impressive library. Would it be possible for me to go there and study? I will be available to our pack members when they need me." 
"Alright," Talia said. "As long as it doesn't interfere with your current duties, you will get access to their library." 
Cassandra bowed deeply. "Thank you, Alpha." 
Talia turned to Damon. "What do you say?" 
Damon frowned at Cassandra. "She nearly cost me my life." He exhaled sharply. "However, she was following orders." He looked at Talia. "She will be your advisor. How can I punish her now?" 
Cassandra relaxed at Damon's words, but Talia's next words made her tense again. 
"I didn't accept her as my advisor," Talia said. "You are free to punish her as you see fit." 
Damon tucked a lock of hair behind Talia's ear. "She is from your pack." 
Talia smiled. "If you don't want to punish her, just say so." 
"I want to punish her." 
"But you won't do it because of me." 
Cassandra was sweating bullets while waiting for Damon to respond. 
Damon turned to Cassandra, and she stopped breathing. 
"Consider yourself lucky," Damon said in a dangerously low voice. "Becasue of my mate, I will forgive you. However, if I suspect you are scheming something..." 
Cassandra bowed deeply. "Thank you, Alpha Damon. I will obey my Alpha." 
Damon hummed in approval, and Cassandra took that as a sign that it was safe to move away. That was stressful. 
Sophia and Isaac watched as people looked at Talia with admiration, and some even started leaving to join the event from where the music was coming. 
"Wait, wait!" Sophia called. "Are you leaving us like this?" 
People turned to look at her, hesitating, unsure what to do. Can they dare to vent their grievances on two people who were at the top of their pack not so long ago? 
"You are worse than rogues! Even they don't give pups away," a male voice came from the crowd. It was Grady. 
"What you did was infanticide," Varya said. "You took away our Alpha's identity and condemned her to a life without roots. Everyone deserves to know from where they came." 
"You left a baby outside the protection of the pack while hoping someone would harm her!" Meg shouted while holding onto her protruding belly. "What kind of a monster does that?" 
"And to think that the child was YOUR family!" Sandy exclaimed, and the crowd started swelling with murmurs that erupted with shouts. 
"You would abandon us without a second thought!" 
"If you didn't deprive us of our Alpha, we wouldn't need to live in isolation!" 
"You were so greedy to be an Alpha that you would sacrifice an innocent child!" 
"I have my mate thanks to Alpha Natalia!" 
"If Alpha Natalia didn't come, I wouldn't have a pup on the way!" 
"Axel! Axel!" Sophia called desperately when she realized that people were approaching her and Isaac. 
Axel stood frozen while staring at his parents like they were strangers. 
He grew up believing that his parents were righteous, and he looked up to them. They were the perfect example of two Alphas balancing their duties while taking care of the pack. Axel believed they were above other Alphas who treated their Lunas as accessories. 
Axel was plagued by memories of his birthdays and holidays, where he was surrounded by presents, laughter, and good food, while Talia was scraping for leftovers in a hostile environment. All those joyous events were supposed to be hers, and his parents knew that Talia was suffering, yet they acted like everything was fine. 
Axel wondered if there were some signs that he had missed. 
He didn't understand why they were against his desire to confirm if Talia was a member of the Midnight Guardians pack. At what point did they confirm who she was? 
Axel remembered when his father accompanied him to check on Damon after Talia marked him, and they confirmed that Talia had healing ability and convinced her that she needed to come to the Midnight Guardians pack. Was all that planned? 
The lack of remorse was numbing. 
Axel was still in shock from recent events, and he needed time to process things. Even with his future-predicting ability, he didn't see this coming. 
The angry mob was now ganging up on Sophia and Isaac. 
"Ahh!" Sophia shrieked when someone tugged her hair. 
People gathering around Sophia and Isaac blocked Axel's view completely, and he could see the light flashing as someone used his (or her) abilities. 
Axel turned to look at Yasmin. 
She cupped his cheeks with her palms. "It will be alright, Axel. We have our babies and each other." 
Axel didn't respond. Will he be alright after this? Time will tell. 
He put his arm around Yasmin's shoulders, and they walked away with Evanora and Edgar, who were carrying the sleeping twins. 
"Dad?" Talia called to get Valerian's attention. 
He looked at her with a complex expression. "I am alright. Why don't you go and enjoy your party? I'm sorry for…" 
"There is nothing to be sorry about," Talia interrupted him. 
"Thank you, Natalia," Valerian said seriously. 
Valerian moved toward the party, and Cassandra was two steps behind him. 
Talia was not sure if she should go after Valerian. Did he want company, or would he prefer to be alone? Her attention fell on the man who stood on the side and observed everything with amusement. 
"Enjoying the show?" Talia asked Declyn. 
Declyn cocked an eyebrow. "Watching you is never boring." 
Damon growled in warning, and Declyn quickly raised his hands in surrender. "I meant as a spectator. I haven't seen a transfer of energy as the two of you are doing. Would you show me how it works? You never accepted my offer to activate the sphere of power again. I want to get a comprehensive reading of your power." 
"Maybe next time," Talia responded. Since they defeated Gregory, Declyn was of big help in terms of sharing information, but Talia couldn't figure out his motive. Surely, he had a reason for turning against his people. "Will you keep an eye on Cassandra while she is in your library?" 
"What do I get in return?" Declyn responded with a question. 
"You get to see our energy transfer." 
Declyn looked at Talia suspiciously. "What about the sphere of power?" 
"You can pick one," Talia said. 
"How long do I need to babysit that female before I get my payment?" 
"How about… one month?" 
Declyn nodded in agreement and left. 
Talia looked up to meet Damon's frown. "You disapprove?" 
Damon shook his head. He didn't like the idea of Talia interacting with Guardians. They gave him heebie-jeebies. 
Damon pulled Talia on him. "How about we leave this party? I have a feeling that dress is uncomfortable." 
He wiggled his eyebrows mischievously, and Talia burst into giggles. 
"It is getting itchy, almost," she said. 
Damon had a feeling he won't like the rest. "But?" 
Talia looked toward the noisy crowd. "After this, we should assure people that things are OK. We should assure them that we are OK before we disappear." 
"What do you suggest?" Damon asked dryly.
###Chapter 1010 Checking on friends
Chapter 1010 Checking on friends
Damon and Talia walked around the event area while observing the crowd and occasionally stopping to chat as good hosts. 
Talia's intention was for people to see them before they disappeared for a while. The plan was for Damon and Talia to travel and enjoy privacy for a month with the clause that for one week they were not to be disturbed even if heaven collapses. Beyond that, they could be contacted in case of an emergency, and Talia hoped that no emergency will happen. 
Talia leaned on Damon, and she basked in his love that poured into her through their mate bond. That perfect male specimen was powerful and arrogant, yet he was so caring and considerate toward her. The fact that Damon was proud to have Talia by his side made her heart full. 
This was a far cry from Damon trying to hide her because he was ashamed of her. Did he ever hide her? Talia remembered the Summer Solstice festival when he got really close in front of the clocktower to whisper into her ear how he can't stay away from her. She also remembered that same evening they spent among the vendor stalls, and she realized that Damon always held her close. She couldn't feel his emotions, but he was always right by her side, looking at her, talking to her, holding her hand, and making her blush. 
"What's going on, kitten?" Damon's husky voice sounded close to her ear. 
"I was blind," Talia said. 
"You were?" Damon wanted more information. 
Talia shook her head helplessly. "I'm sorry for not realizing sooner we are mates." Damon came to the attic and held her and licked her wound and insisted on taking her out of that hell, and he gave her a home, and food and… "I didn't know what it means to have a mate." And even if she knew, she would never think that a no-name wolfless she-wolf could be mated to such an exquisite male. 
Damon touched her chin. "But you know now, right?" 
"I do," Talia responded dreamily and leaned on Damon while continuing through their mind-link, 'You are my rock. You make me nervous, happy, and safe.' 
'And horny,' Damon added, and Talia burst into giggles. 
'That too.' 
'I wish you could see the way I see you, kitten.' 
Talia was curious to know more. 'How do you see me?' 
'Naked.' 
Talia was speechless. She thought he would be lovey-dovey, but he was shameless. 
Before Talia could recover, Damon asked, 'How long do we need to spend in this crowd before I can stop imagining you squirming under me? I want your ankles on my shoulders, kitten, and I want them now.' 
Talia looked at him smugly. 'What if I want to be on top?' 
'There will be no ions from my side,' Damon quickly responded. 
Talia tugged him to keep walking. "Come on, Damon. A bit more, and then we can go…" She wanted to go too, but if she didn't at least make eye contact with her friends before leaving, she would feel guilty about it. 
They have seen Cornelia and James dancing. Cornelia's fingers were in James' hair, and they whispered something that made them both smile. 
Maddox and Tatiana were sitting at the table and chatting with Gideon, Mindy, Alpha Desmond, and Luna Edith. Six of them were enjoying snacks and sipping colorful beverages. 
Olivia was with Travis at another table with Olivia's parents. The mood there was harmonious. 
Maya was talking with several females while Caden held Maya from the back with his palms pressing her perfectly flat belly. Caden was beaming at the thought he would be a father. Triplets! 
George, Dawn, Owen, and Zina were sitting at a table. George was quiet, and others were talking over each other. It sounded like a heated argument, but they were laughing, so it was all good. 
Tony was on a bench with Kalina's legs on his lap. He was kneading her feet, and she looked at him dreamily. 
Jordan, Lidia, Pierce, and Daria laughed at Jordan's joke. Jordan was a big muscular guy and didn't look like a comedian, but looks could be deceiving. 
While walking among the area with food, Talia and Damon saw Chef Page behind a stall that served ramen. His assistant was a female who introduced herself as Clarissa, and Jane was there as well, offering extra spice to prepared bowls of ramen. Jane wore a small backpack with Cinna's head sticking out of it. They looked like a tight family, and Talia's heart was swelling with warm and fuzzy emotions while talking to them. 
Zack, Erik, and Petra were in the area where kebobs were grilled. The trio munched on delicious meat while chatting in a good mood. Zack, Erik, and Petra were surrounded by teens, and they sat on a rock that made them above others, an obvious sign of their status. 
Zack's eighteenth birthday was two weeks ago, which put him at the top of the list of unmated males of the Dark Howlers pack. 
Many unmated girls were trying to get close to Zack, hoping to confirm they were mates. Even if the girls were underage, Zack should be able to sense the bond, but he didn't react, which made the girls dejected. Zack was a handsome boy, the best scout in their generation. The recent upgrade in his status gave him open access to Caden and Maya and, by extension, to other high ranking members also. Zack was a good catch by any standards. 
Erik was one month away from his eighteenth birthday, so girls were not neglecting him either. 
Petra had her hands full of chasing away girls who wouldn't take no for an answer from her two best friends (Zack and Erik). Her glaring down at females was funny to watch. 
'It will be not-so-funny when she comes of age,' Liseli chimed into Talia's mind. 
'Why?' 
Liseli exhaled dramatically. 'You are so focused on what the girl is doing that you don't notice the brown-haired boy.' 
Talia understood that the brown-haired boy was Zack. He was smiling at Petra. Talia thought that Zack was amused by Petra's protectiveness, but now that Liseli mentioned it… 'Are Zack and Petra mates?' 
Liseli hummed in confirmation. 'And Zack knows it.' 
Talia sighed dreamily. 
"Is our walk over?" Damon asked Talia without bothering to conceal his impatience by talking through their mind link. 
Talia cocked an eyebrow at Damon, and she used their private channel to ask, 'Can Sapa sense when someone is mated?' 
Damon's expression fell. He was hoping that the walk was over and it was sexy time. But Talia asked him a question, so he responded, 'Yes.' 
'Did Sapa tell you that Zack and Petra are mates?' 
'No,' Damon responded, and a second later, he added, 'The old guy says it's not our circus and not our monkeys.' 
'Did he call me a gossip!?' Liseli raged in Talia's mind. 
Since Talia was pregnant, they couldn't shift into wolf form. On top of that, pregnancy hormones affected the ancient wolf, making Liseli irritable. 
"Let's keep on walking," Talia said, hoping to get distracted by something else. 
Cristian and Michelle were holding each other and watching Ashton who was squealing with joy in the bouncy house with a bunch of other kids. 
They saw a lot of people having fun, but Damon noticed that someone was missing. 
"Where are Keith and Arya?" Damon asked suspiciously. Those two were always sticking to Talia, but now that he thought about it, Damon didn't see them since they cut the cake. 
Talia smiled knowingly. "Shortly after our ceremony, Arya showed signs of heat, so…" 
Damon's eyebrows shot up. He knew where this was going. If Arya got pregnant, Keith and Arya would be busy with their pup, which was a good thing because the duo would do something other than breathe down Talia's neck. 
On the other side, if Keith and Arya became parents, Talia would lose reliable guards, and Damon had to admit that Keith and Arya were perfect for the job. Creepy, but still perfect. 
With the full circle completed, Talia wanted to check on another person. "Let's make sure my father is alright, and then we can go." 
Damon's eyes lost focus, and in less than a second, he confirmed Valerian's location. 
Talia and Damon found Valerian in the garden behind the packhouse. Cassandra was there also, standing a few steps away from Valerian in silence. 
"Why are you not enjoying your party?" Valerian asked when he noticed Talia and Damon approaching them. 
"I wanted to check on you," Talia said. "How are you doing?" 
Valerian released a long breath. "A little bit better. Are those two alive?" 
Damon knew that "those two" were Sophia and Isaac. Damon was getting real-time reports from soldiers. "They received care for their injuries and are transported to the human city as we speak." 
"Do you know what will happen to them?" Valerian continued probing. 
"They will be left in an apartment that is furnished and has food for about one week. They will also get identification documents like humans. After that, it will be up to them," Damon responded. 
"You are generous toward people who hoped for your death," Valerian said. 
"In this way, we will get to keep an eye on them. Besides, they are Axel's parents, and if I allowed them to die, Talia would be upset. She cares about her cousin." Damon's eyes flashed dangerously. "But don't assume I am generous. Someone will pay them a visit every few days to remind them that no place is safe." 
Valerian nodded in approval. "They will get to experience living a life similar to what Natalia had." 
"Exactly," Damon confirmed.
###Chapter 1011 Another type of portal (1)
Chapter 1011 Another type of portal (1)
"We are going to be absent for some time. Will you be alright?" Talia spoke to Valerian. 
"I will leave," Valerian responded with finality. 
Talia didn't want him to go, but she couldn't ask him to stay when she was the one leaving first. It would be a selfish thing to do. Besides, Valerian was physically fine, and she knew that he wouldn't be in that garden forever. 
"When are you leaving?" Talia asked. 
"I was thinking of heading out tomorrow." 
"To the Midnight Guardians pack?" Talia guessed. 
"No." 
"I see," Talia breathed. "How long will you be away?" 
"I don't know." 
Talia didn't like the uncertainty. "Can you give me an estimate? A month? A year?" 
"Is there a rush?" Valerian asked. 
"No, not really. It's just..." Talia decided to come out clean. "I thought you would take over the Midnight Guardians pack as the Alpha." 
"As the Alpha?" Valerian repeated in surprise. 
"You would be the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack if things were different. Our people need a leader, and my hands are full with things here. Axel could help and be your proxy, so it's not too much work." 
Valerian shook his head, rejecting the idea. "That's your position, Natalia. I have no right or desire to claim it. Our people admire you and follow you willingly. You are already doing great, and I'm confident you will do so for a very long time." 
Talia was alerted. Why did his words sound like a goodbye? "Where are you going? When will you return? Why are you secretive?" 
"It's not about keeping secrets. It's about not knowing where I will go," Valerian responded, and Talia's expression told him she was confused. "It's just…" He released a long breath. "It's suffocating." 
Talia's brows came together in worry. "What?" 
Valerian held Talia's shoulders. "You did nothing wrong, Natalia. You and your mate allowed me to stay here and get better, and I am grateful. But the only thing recovering is my body. My mind is trapped in the past, and my soul is empty." Painfully empty. "I miss my mate, and I need a distraction before I do something I will regret." 
Valerian's wolf was in agony. The mate bond was there, but they couldn't act on it. Valerian feared that his wolf might turn feral or lose control. He didn't want to show that ugly side to Talia. She suffered enough. 
Talia's eyes filled with tears. She knew that Valerian was suffering, and she gave him space to heal, believing that he would find purpose in being with her and maybe leading the Midnight Guardians pack. She had a pup on the way, which would make Valerian a grandfather, but it seemed none of that could fill the gap Astraea's absence created. 
Valerian pressed his lips into a line. "I don't want to upset you, but… I have been watching you since I got here, and I can see that you have a good life, friends, and a mate that takes good care of you. I can leave content, knowing that you will be happy." He looked at Damon. "Take care of Natalia." 
Talia approached Valerian and wrapped her arms around him. 
He hugged her back, and his heart cracked when he realized she was crying silently. 
'This is the best for all of us,' Valerian's voice sounded in Damon's head. 'If I stay, I will only be a burden. I am grateful for everything you did, but I need to go before I run out of time.' 
Damon nodded in understanding. He didn't know what that running out of time meant, but he was aware that Valerian was doting on Talia, and he wouldn't leave if it were not serious. 
Valerian patted Talia's back. "There, there… don't be sad. I won't be gone forever. I will stay in touch." 
Talia sniffled. "Don't lie. You won't be back." 
"You don't know that," he said. 
Talia raised her head to look into his eyes. "I can feel your wolf, dad." Liseli was telling Talia that Valerian's wolf's state was bad, but Talia was hopeful it would get better. 
Valerian smiled sadly while thinking that she reminded him of Astraea, again. "Then, you know why I must go." 
Talia fisted his shirt. "You can't go. There must be something we do." 
"There is nothing you or anyone else can do, Natalia. The only one that can soothe my aches is not here." 
Talia was not willing to accept this. It was one thing if Valerian wanted to see how the world changed in his absence and to explore new places, but he wanted to leave without the intention of returning. 
She didn't want him to leave; she just found him. 
That was her father, Alpha Valerian Moonrider. He was handsome and powerful, and he loved her. Since she was aware of her existence, Talia yearned for parents who loved her. 
Talia looked up to see the moon, and she wondered if this was a joke from the Moon Goddess. 
Is this why she saved him? Only so that she would lose him again? 
Did he survive two decades in that dungeon, so his wolf would give up? Will Valerian turn rogue or go mad? How could Talia allow it to happen? 
'I know what you are thinking,' Liseli said. 
'You do? Why don't you come up with a solution?' 
'Even if we assume that your mother's spirit is alive, she will be in a different realm, and there is no way for us to bring her here.' 
'We can't bring her here,' Talia repeated. 'But… can we send my dad there?' 
Liseli wondered if her ears malfunctioned. 'What?' 
'We can teleport by focusing on a location or a person. Can we focus on my mother?' 
'Uhm… it is possible theoretically, but we don't know your mother. What are you going to focus on? An image you received from a necklace?' What if she teleports her father into the necklace? That would be a disaster. 
"Dad?" Talia called. "If you could see your mate again..." 
"I would do anything," Valerian responded before Talia could finish her question. 
Talia stepped away from him and rubbed her hands nervously. "I don't know if this will work. It might backfire. There are risks involved." 
Valerian's brows came together. "Are you saying that you can reunite me with Astraea?" 
"I can teleport anywhere as long as I know where I'm going. You said that you can feel her presence." Talia paused to see Valerian nod, and then she continued, "If you focus on your mate bond and let me in to feel it, I could take you there. Maybe." 
Valerian stared at Talia as possessed, and he spoke breathily, "If there is even a one percent chance of success, I want us to do it. Please." 
Talia's eyes roamed Valerian's expression nervously, and for the first time, she saw... hope. How could she deny him this? 
'Kitten?' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's mind wearily. 'What are you trying to do now?' 
'Uhm... I will need your help. Actually, I will need everyone's help...' 
'Everyone's?' Damon had a bad feeling about this. Was his kitten about to do something reckless again? It looked like it.
###Chapter 1012 Another type of portal (2)
Chapter 1012 Another type of portal (2)
Not long after… 
"I thank you for coming here," Talia said to the people gathered at the back of the garden. 
Wilkow sisters were there, and so were Evanora, Yasmin, Cornelia, and Amelia. Each with her mate, looking at Talia curiously. They were all enjoying the party, which didn't show signs of winding down, yet Talia summoned them here. 
For some reason, Declyn was there as well. 
"As you know, my mother is not with us," Talia started her explanation. "However, we have a reason to believe she is not dead. My father can feel her presence, and he can feel the mate bond, which tells us she is alive. I want to try opening a portal to connect the two, and I was wondering if you are willing to help." 
"What do you want us to do?" Kalina asked. 
Talia smiled, seeing that all her girlfriends nodded in agreement with Kalina's words. 
"I will need energies, whatever you can gather," Talia said. Talia had no idea how much power would be needed for across the realm portal, but every bit counted. 
Females got together to discuss strategies. Witches will set up a diagram and energy crystals, and the Wilkow sisters will chant to boost the effect. Cassandra was also eager to help. 
Now that her girlfriends were busy, Talia was back to worrying. She turned to Valerian. "Are you sure you want to do this?" 
Valerian smiled. This time, his smile was genuine. "If you and Damon were apart and you had a small chance to reunite with him, even if it's just for a moment… would you take it?" 
Talia sniffled and nodded. 
"Don't be sad, Natalia," Valerian said. "If you can feel my wolf, you know I don't have much time left. I know I was not the father you deserve, and even with that, I am asking for more. I wish things had turned out differently. I wish you grew up with your family, raised as the future Alpha. Instead of giving you the upbringing and education you deserved, I came here and…" He released a long breath. "You still need to do things for your old man." 
Valerian leaned closer to speak softly for Talia to hear. "In my old room, under the middle window, there is a loose board on the floor. Take the stuff that's in there. It's yours now. Also, in the master bedroom, on the built-in bookshelf, a red book in the topmost row is a lever that opens a secret passage. Only the rightful Alpha knows about these. Sophia was not the one." 
Talia looked at her father with interest and sadness. There were so many things he should teach her, yet their time was running short. 
What was hidden under the floorboard of Valerian's old room. Was there a diary? Trinkets? Treasures? She was not sure, but whatever it was, Talia knew she would cherish it. 
"We are ready!" Tatiana announced. 
Talia and Damon stood in the middle of a large circular diagram that witches had drawn. There were energy crystals piled up on five spots along the outer edge of the diagram. 
The Wilkow sisters spread to stand next to energy crystals and started humming an ethereal tune. 
Talia and Damon held hands, and Valerian was standing between them. 
"Natalia," Valerian called. "No matter how this ends, remember that this is my will. You gave me hope to reunite with Astraea, and that's the best gift anyone could give." He leaned and pressed a kiss on her forehead. 
Declyn was leaning on a nearby tree and watching all this from the side. 
"It will be funny if nothing happens," Maddox said, and Declyn turned to look that way. 
Maddox was standing with Tony, James, and other males who observed as their mates were performing a strange ritual no one understood, but they could feel the changes in the air. 
"Cora's spells are always successful," James said proudly, earning several eye rolls from the guys present. 
'Let's use the Moon's energy, Lis,' Talia spoke to her wolf. 
'Selena is watching.' 
'I hope she will help and not just watch,' Talia said, and Liseli laugh- 
snorted. 
'Focus on your father's mate bond, girl,' Liseli reminded Talia. 
Talia's eyes were closed, but she could see the outlines of people present and the energies whooshing around them to form different colors; there was a bright white thread going from Valerian up into the sky until it couldn't be seen anymore. 
Talia's and Damon's energies got a boost from the diagram, witches' chants, the Wilkow sister's song, energy crystals, and the Moon, turning the air tangible. 
Liseli helped Talia to focus on the white thread that was going from Valerian, and they channeled energies to strengthen and thicken it. 
Talia's hair exploded in silver, and Damon was shrouded in darkness. Valerian was between them, but his form disappeared in darkness and light that mixed to form something unfathomable. 
The air buzzed, and then a bright pillar of light blasted straight up. 
Talia's silvery eyes looked up to see the scene of the sky splitting. The crack expanded to show a form of a delicate female. 
Talia blinked her tears rapidly because she didn't want to miss a thing. 
Talia couldn't see details because the female's form was glowing brilliantly, but the familiarity of energies told her that was her mother. 
One blink later, there was another form up there. They hugged and then turned to wave at Talia. 
'Thank you, Natalia,' Valerian's voice sounded in Talia's head, and she could hear that he was smiling. 'Your mother says, there are more secrets in the necklace she left you, and… we will continue watching you from here.' 
Damon jolted when Valerian's voice sounded in his head, 'Take care of our daughter and grandchildren. You will find fatherhood to be rewarding. Don't allow anyone to split you apart...' 
The voice faded as the pillar of light pulsated, and then the light got sucked into the lifeless body that lay between Talia and Damon. 
Talia held her breath while looking at Valerian's unmoving body that glowed blindingly. A long second later, light shot up and burst into specks that fell to the ground slowly. 
Each speck carried rejuvenating energy, and people had delirious expressions. 
Talia looked where Valerian used to be to see that he was gone. There was nothing left. 
Was it a success? Or did she teleport her father's spirit into outer space, destroy his body, and hallucinate the rest? 
"Did we do it?" Cornelia asked. 
Talia was unsure how to respond, so she asked, "Did you see the portal?" 
Cornelia's confused expression answered Talia's question. She didn't see the portal. 
"I saw a pillar of light," Cassandra volunteered information. During the ceremony, Cassandra was chanting with witches and waving her arms wildly. 
Talia looked around to see that everyone was nodding in agreement, and Yasmin's knowing gaze told Talia that Yasmin saw more. Was seeing the portal related to the bloodline of a guardian? With that in mind, Talia turned to the side to see Declyn looking at her with renewed interest. Yup. Definitely something related to the Guardians. 
'I saw it,' Damon spoke to Talia through their mind link. 'There was a female there. Based on their warm greeting, I can tell it was your mother. You did it, kitten. We did it.' 
Talia felt a mix of emotions. She was glad to know that her parents were reunited but sad that Valerian was out of reach. She wanted more time with her father, but she didn't stop him because she knew it wouldn't be fair. Talia couldn't be selfish. She met her father, and she knew he loved her, and he even vented his anger for her on Sophia and Isaac, which was more than she ever thought would be possible. 
Talia told herself to be content with that one month they had together. But, if she knew it was only a month, she would make more time for him. Instead of a few hours here and there, she would spend whole days with him. Was there medicine for regret? 
'Don't be so hard on yourself. He is not dead,' Liseli spoke into Talia's mind. 
'Does it matter if he is dead when he is unreachable?' 
'As the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack, you are connected to every pack member,' Liseli reminded Talia. 'Your father's connection is still there. As long as there is the link, no matter how faint, he is not lost.' 
Talia's mood soared. 'Does that mean we can visit him and meet my mother?' 
Liseli was not so enthusiastic. 'We don't know if that's a one-way trip. Let's not be hasty with the reunion. But I can tell you that your mother is powerful. Her energy reminded me of Selena.' 
Talia listened with a dreamy smile on her face while hoping she could reunite with her parents soon. With both of them.
###Chapter 1013: Fireworks of firsts
Chapter 1013: Fireworks of firsts
Once the euphoria caused by energy flurries subsided, Talia became aware of her surroundings.         
She was standing in the middle of a diagram drawn on the grass by magical means, with Damon holding her. Their friends surrounded them, and everything was so quiet that Talia found her own breathing loud.     
Talia's emotions fluctuated by the second.     
Joy. Anxiety. Pride. Yearning. Guilt. And it was all wrapped in the layer of sorrow she couldn't shake off.     
Talia was overwhelmed when she found her father in the dungeon below the Guardians' castle, and she was happy to see him getting better, and she hoped, she really hoped, that they would make up for their lost time.     
She imagined them spending time together and Valerian telling her about every detail from his childhood until she was born, them going to the Midnight Guardians pack, visiting the realm of witches, and him playing with the grandkids she was yet to give birth to… But now it was gone. It won't happen.     
Should she be this sad for losing things she never had?     
Until a month ago, she thought her father was gone forever, but then she found him, and she allowed herself to dream, only for that dream to be shattered. Why was life so unfair?     
Talia was happy for her father; she really was. But at the same time, she was also missing him. So many happy possibilities disappeared from the future. She was back to being the orphan she always was, with the difference that she knew who her parents were, and they were alive yet unreachable. It was all a mess.     
Damon's hold on Talia tightened, and he spoke into her hair, "How are you feeling, kitten?" He could feel her emotions, but he wanted her to let them out.     
"I'm not sure," Talia responded honestly.     
"You did great, kitten," Damon said. "I am proud of you."     
"You are?"     
"Mhm," he confirmed with a hum. "I know how much Valerian's presence meant to you, yet you didn't hesitate to let him go so he could be with his mate. You have the power to change the continent's landscape, yet you allow people to make their own choices. What you did for your father was selfless and majestic."     
Talia didn't think of herself as majestic. "Cassandra's prophecy said that I am a bringer of calamity."     
Damon would tell her how that was nonsense, but he knew that those words impacted Talia. Her whole life, people looked down on her, and it took a lot of effort for Talia to accept herself as worthy. If not for Liseli's no-nonsense personality, Talia would still be a timid she-wolf, regardless of how much power she had or how many times Damon told her she was awesome.     
The label of a bringer of calamity was hard to ignore, and Damon didn't want to dismiss Talia's feelings.      
"Sophia and Isaac will agree with that, but we shouldn't listen to the opinions of people who will give away babies in order to stay in power. Gregory will agree as well, but he saw powerful females as baby machines, and we shouldn't bother with the opinions of creeps. Do I need to keep going?"     
Talia got the point. Damon would never speak ill of her, even if she did something wrong.     
"I don't care what others think of you because I know you are a compassionate person. I am the luckiest guy in the world to have you as my mate," Damon said while tightening his hold on her.     
Talia nodded into his chest. "Thank you, Damon. I need a pep-talk once in a while." And she loved that Damon never shied from complimenting her in a way that boosted her confidence.     
"Our pack is lucky to have you as their Alpha," Axel said from the side. He didn't bother to pretend that he didn't eavesdrop on the conversation between Damon and Talia.     
Talia looked around to see all their friends stepping into the diagram, closer to Damon and her.      
"The Dark Howlers pack is lucky to have you as our Luna," Gideon said.      
"We are lucky to have you as our friend," Mindy added to what many nodded in agreement.     
"Never call yourself a calamity," Yasmin said and looked at Axel. "If not for you, I wouldn't find my soulmate. How can that be bad?"         
Evanora glanced at Edgar, and they both smiled and nodded in agreement with Yasmin's words.     
"There is a lot of luck involved with you, Talia," James said. "We are lucky that my father didn't realize who you were while you were staying at the Red Moon pack."     
James couldn't believe that he still addressed Alpha Edward as his father, even though the guy was gone, and he was NOT his father. On the other hand, James still didn't visit their old packhouse, where his mother stayed with a male named Chester. James was unsure if he wanted to meet the man who was his mother's sperm donor (how James saw it).     
Cornelia leaned on James. "The whole world is lucky that you are not a power-hungry person. You use your power for the good of people, and if you ever stray from it, we will be here to remind you of who you truly are."     
"And that makes me lucky," Talia said.     
"You are lucky to have us as your friends," Dawn said cheekily, and Talia giggled when she saw Zina pointing at herself dramatically. Talia didn't notice when her two friends arrived with their mates. Actually, Maya, Caden, Olivia, and Travis were there as well!      
Feeling Damon's proximity and knowing that she had so many friends made her feel less lonely because Valerian was gone.     
"Thank you, guys. Thank you for everything," Talia said, her voice full of emotions.     
"When are you heading out for your month off?" Cornelia asked.     
Talia looked up at Damon. "We will go now."     
People approached them to wish them fun and to tell them not to worry because they would take care of both packs in Damon's and Talia's absence.     
Cassandra was fidgeting from the side, wanting to join in but feeling that she didn't have the right to do so.      
Declyn observed all this from distance with amusement. Seeing a Guardian engage in friendships like this was novel, and Talia was the strongest Guardian Declyn ever saw. Her abilities reminded him of old stories about Titans and primordial Gods, and he was itchy to test her strength on the Sphere of Power.     
Talia was in the middle of a mass-girl-hug when…     
'BAM!'     
A huge red explosion filled the night sky. It was fireworks from the lake, and they could see it clearly.     
Mates quickly found each other to hold and enjoy the colorful pyrotechnic display.     
Damon sat on the ground in the lotus position and placed Talia to sit on his legs. She leaned on him and enjoyed the way his arms circled her protectively.     
'Do you like the fireworks?' Damon's voice sounded in Talia's mind.     
'Very much,' she responded dreamily. 'Will you ask me to massage your legs again?'     
Damon's lips lifted into a smile. 'All three of them.'     
Talia's eyes flashed at Damon. 'Shameless!'     
'Only for you, kitten.'     
Talia shook her head helplessly and focused on the colorful display above.     
Fireworks had a lot of meaning for Talia.         
The first time Talia saw fireworks was on the night when she and Damon kissed. It was her first kiss.     
The second fireworks she saw in person were in the Lightclaw pack when she and Damon made love for the first time.     
A lot of Talia's firsts were related to fireworks, and they were all with Damon.     
Talia wondered if these fireworks would also signify a milestone. Maybe these will mark the beginning of her life with Damon as a couple, officially. She caressed the ring on her left ring finger, which was a symbol of Damon's commitment to her. After tonight, no one will dare to question her position by Damon's side.      
She sank into Damon's embrace, happy to know that the willful Alpha was hers and he was equally happy to have her as his.      
…     
The fireworks show ended, and people returned to the party, leaving Talia and Damon behind.     
"Can we really go?" Damon asked Talia.     
"Yes."     
Damon helped Talia to stand up.      
"Do you need a leg massage?" Talia asked teasingly.      
"Later." Damon wanted a massage and much more, but he wanted them to leave before something else came up.     
Damon glanced toward the packhouse. Their suitcases were packed, ready for travel, but Talia was not moving. "Is there something we should do before we head out?"     
Talia smiled dreamily. "Kiss me."     
She didn't need to say it twice.     
Damon closed his eyes as Talia's citrusy-sweet scent entered his system. He relished the softness of her lips against his that caused the sparks of their bond to flare and make him tingly all over.     
Damon opened his eyes when he heard the clamor of the water.     
He gaped when he realized they were in a cave. Did Talia teleport them?     
He recognized the cave; it was the one behind the waterfall where they would sneak in when they wanted privacy without being disturbed. The cave was familiar, but everything else was different.     
The simple cot was replaced by a queen-sized bed, and there were pillows and blankets, food, and even their suitcases were there.     
"Why are we here? And what is all this?" Damon asked while looking around.     
Talia wrapped her arms around Damon's neck and smiled slyly. "Weren't you eager for us to leave, so we get time for ourselves?"     
"I was but… What about our vacation?"     
"Instead of spending hours in flight, how about we use this place? When we get bored here, I can teleport us to our next destination."     
Damon blinked while processing this information. The more he thought about it, the more he approved. His kitten was brilliant!         
###Chapter 1014: Future childcare
Chapter 1014: Future childcare
Talia buried her face into Damon's chest and fisted his shirt while inhaling her favorite scent of the forest mixed with the dark chocolate.         
"This evening was stressful, and I need your touch to forget the bad things," she said.     
Damon's eyebrows shot up when he realized their sexy time was starting right now! He didn't care about the location. Actually, being in this cave gave them privacy, yet they were in the middle of the pack. His parents' bodies rested above them, like spiritual protection and making this place sacred.     
Damon didn't have any ions, but he needed to confirm one thing. "How are you feeling, kitten? Are you exhausted after teleportation? What about our pup?"     
"I am fine," Talia assured him. "I think our baby grew from this. I will need a bigger dress."     
Damon swallowed hard as the pressure in his groin area increased. He had been waiting for this moment forever!     
"How about we get rid of that dress?"     
Damon gripped the edge of the bodice, intending to rip it without regard for the fabric or expensive beading.     
In the next moment, he was holding onto air. "What the…?"     
Damon burst into chuckles when he realized that he and Talia were on the bed naked.     
Their fancy clothes were bunched on the ground where they stood a moment ago, and the only items they were still wearing included Talia's necklace and their wedding bands.     
"How did you do that?" Damon asked.     
"I practiced," Talia responded smugly.     
Damon growled possessively as he claimed her lips in a long, sensual kiss that made her toes curl.     
Damon's palms glided over Talia's body skillfully, and she trembled with anticipation of what was to come.     
They had done this so many times before, yet he always managed to touch her just right to ignite flames of passion, revisiting her sensitive spots and finding new ones that made her breathless.     
Her body was pulsating in need, yet he still didn't give any attention to his mark on her neck that had the power to amplify her arousal to the point of insanity.     
Damon hummed in pleasure as Talia's fingers moved over his body, leaving fiery traces behind. His kitten was a seductress.     
Their foreplay went beyond physical touch as their bond allowed them to feel admiration and the unconditional acceptance they had for each other. Damon was Talia's home, and she was his, and only when together, they were at peace.     
The biggest turn-on was that they could feel each other's emotions. Damon and Talia knew, without any doubt, that Damon worshiped Talia completely, her mind, her soul, and every inch of her body, just as she worshiped him.     
"Mine… mine… mine…" Damon mumbled while kissing, licking, sucking, and nibbling everywhere, making her squirm under him.     
"Take me, Damon…" she breathed.     
"How do you want me, kitten?" His breath splashed on her ear.      
He was caressing her slowly and gently, but that was not what she wanted. "Show me the power of an Alpha. Make me cry your name until my voice becomes hoarse."     
Damon growled in approval and adjusted himself above her.     
Damon's blue eyes turned pitch black as sparks of their bond enveloped his cock. Her heat welcomed him, and a strained groan formed in his throat as he got all the way inside her.         
He stared into Talia's silvery eyes as the whole world stilled.      
She was wet and hot and tight and made for him. Every time they merged, his mind would go blank, making him wonder if he had touched Heaven or dipped into madness. Probably both.     
"Fuck, kitten!" Damon cursed under his breath, and he started rocking into her.     
Talia was soft like clay for him to mold as he pleased, yet she moved with him, responding perfectly.      
Talia's eyes lost focus as euphory consumed her.     
With their powers active, their senses were heightened, making them feel the sparks of their bond on another level. The friction, the pressure, the heat, everything was perfect; his every thrust kept her at the edge of an orgasm, lightweight and heady, wanting to plunge into that addictive rapture, yet fearing that she will completely lose her mind when that happens.     
Damon loved listening to her lustful sounds. He made her that way. It was all his.     
His lips latched on his mark on her neck, and he started sucking her there harshly, loving the sensation of Talia clawing his back.     
Talia struggled to breathe as her body spasmed in pure ecstasy.     
With a groan, Damon rode his release while Talia's insides clutched his cock in rhythmical pulses. Reaching that peak together was the best feeling ever!     
It was more than just an orgasm. Their minds and souls became one, creating a beautiful harmony that amplified their enjoyment, turning it into an otherworldly experience that transcended the pleasures of the flesh.     
Their lustful sounds were lost in the clamor of the waterfall that couldn't conceal the explosion of light that burst from every opening the cave provided.     
Damon slowed his pace and kissed her face. It was fantastic, and they were sated, yet they craved more, like true addicts.      
"Gods, kitten…" He breathed between kisses. "I can't get enough of you. I will never get enough of you…" And he knew that it was good for her as well. "Is our pup alright?"     
Talia was touched that Damon was thinking beyond his own pleasure, and she knew that he would be a fantastic father.     
Talia blinked to see a few strands of raven-black hair falling on his forehead, making him look super sexy but what stood out was the way his smile reflected in his completely black eyes. He was happy.     
"Our pup is fine," Talia assured him. "He enjoys rocking."     
Damon grinned in response. "She will get free rocking service as long as she is in your belly."     
Talia giggled, and her insides tightened around his cock, making him groan in response.     
"I love you, Damon."     
"I love you more," he responded.     
"Make love to me until we collapse from exhaustion."     
"Your wish is my command, Mrs. Blake…"     
...     
That night, people reported strange phenomena.         
There was a bright pillar of light that came out of nowhere and disappeared without a trace. Shortly after that, fireworks above the lake were majestic, but the unusual thing was that flashes of light were seen until dawn.     
Talia's Luna ceremony was a massive party that involved a lot of drinking, but some swore that the light was blinding, and it extended in all directions. No one had seen anything like it before.     
As damage control, Caden and Maya started a rumor the next day. People whispered about the Blake family's involvement in secret experiments with the government and that mysterious light was coming from their lab and prototypes.     
Maya was unsure if people would believe in such a story, but Caden brought up a point, "If people believe in mermaids at the bottom of the lake, they will believe in this as well."     
Maya pouted. "How can you be sure there are no mermaids down there?"     
Caden chuckled, knowing how much Maya believed in magic and she wanted to see mermaids. "We have real witches in our pack, and you believe in fairytales."     
"If witches exist, why not mermaids?"     
Caden agreed, but… "Witches came from another realm, and if there were any here, they hid their presence well. The same would be true for mermaids. I'm not saying mermaids don't exist. I am saying they don't live at the bottom of our lake. Instead of thinking about non-existent creatures, how about we focus on something that's coming and start planning for a nursery?"     
Maya's hands immediately moved to her stomach. "Do you think Damon and Talia will allow us a nursery in the packhouse, or should we move to a single home?"     
"A nursery here is a must-have," Caden said confidently. "They also expect a pup, and so are Mindy, Gideon, Cora, and James. With so many babies, we need to think about childcare beyond where our pups will sleep. The packhouse has plenty of rooms available. We will transform one room on the second floor for our pups, and once they are big enough to need their own space, we can discuss a move to a different house if needed."     
Maya smiled brightly. "I can't believe we are doing this, planning for pups. It is happening."     
Caden hugged Maya and kissed her forehead. "It's happening, sugarplum. You will be a wonderful mother, and I will support you with everything I have."     
Maya sighed and leaned on Caden happily. Talia told her about the pregnancy, but then the ceremony started, and they had a party and post-party cleanup, and only now she had time to think about their situation. She was expecting pups! Three of them!      
Maya was drifting off into lovey-dovey thoughts about two of them and three kids running around when Caden pulled her into reality with another task.     
"We should pick a space on the first floor to accommodate sleep and play areas for infants for all high-ranking members and people working in the packhouse. Maybe we should combine two rooms."     
Maya could imagine a bunch of babies crawling around. It will be fantastic!     
"This packhouse will be filled with kids' laughter," Maya said. "Did you know that Amelia is also expecting? With any luck, Arya and Keith will return from their solitude with good news. I will ask Petra to pick a few Omegas who will be working in the nursery. They will need training related to childcare, feeding, first aid, and security protocols…"     
Caden looked at Maya with admiration. He loved every curve of her body and her personality, but he loved her mind the most. From Caden's point of view, Maya was the smartest female in the world, and she was his.     
###Chapter 1015: The honeymoon (1)
Chapter 1015: The honeymoon (1)
"Ahh! This is so boring!" Nadia whined.         
Nadia was a twenty-two years old female who accepted this job with the hope of meeting a handsome millionaire who would get her out of her student debt and treat her like a queen. Nadia dreamed of private jets, yachts, and exclusive parties. This was her backdoor entrance into that world.     
Unfortunately, instead of seducing the next heir of an immense fortune, Nadia was sitting on a beach with a few other servers and wasting a perfectly fine morning. The guys were handsome, but none made a significant amount. She was pinning for the rich guests they would serve, and they had none at the time.     
"Why can't you enjoy this? It's not every day we get this much free time," Gabriel said while adjusting himself in a lounging chair. The sun moved, and the umbrella didn't provide good shade. He didn't want to risk sunburns.     
They were on an exclusive paradise island that was a luxurious resort. The edge of the island was framed by a beach made of perfectly white sand, while inside contained a number of luxurious villas and a central building with a ballroom, a movie theater, and a nightclub.     
Normally, the place was fully booked by tycoons and rich heirs who came here to entertain their friends, family, lovers, and sometimes employees. The staff of thirty-something people would slave-serving guests around the clock as the island offered twenty-four hours of service. However, this was the eighth day for the staff to serve only two guests, two people who asked the staff not to disturb them. Servers, cooks, cleaners, trainers, entertainers, and event planners had nothing to do.     
Seeing that Nadia was pouting, Brad added, "Relax. Snorkeling is fun. Or we could…" Brad wiggled his eyebrows suggestively, and Nadia rolled her eyes.     
A pillow landed at the back of Brad's head.     
"Who would sleep with you? Idiot!" Alice hissed while lowering her arms. She was the one who threw the pillow at Brad.     
Brad smiled smugly at Alice. "That's not what you were saying last month. I remember you calling my name breathlessly, and then you chased me around the pool while hoping to get more. It seems your memory is bad. Should I remind you?"     
Alice made a face. "Sorry, Brad, none of you can compare to our handsome guest."     
Nadia snorted. "Why are you talking like you did more than gawk at him? I recommend you take Brad's offer because that guy is way out of your league. He didn't acknowledge your presence."     
Gabriel waved at Nadia to drop the bickering, and he spoke to Alice, "Did you find out who our mysterious guests are?"     
"Americans," Alice said. "Their reservation is under Mr. and Mrs. Blake."     
"And?" Nadia was hoping for more.     
Alice shook her head. "That's it."     
"This is an exclusive spot that guarantees privacy," Gabriel reminded them. Most of the time, they didn't know the names of their guests.     
"How can that be useful?" Nadia complained. She got her phone. "Let me see if I can find anything about them. They look like celebrities. If they are rich heirs, there must be something."     
"Those are probably not their real names," Brad chimed in.     
Alice's eyes flashed. "I think they are outlaws. They probably robbed a national treasury or a museum and came here to hide. Bad guys are hot."     
Brad shook his head in disapproval. "Why are you allowing your imagination to run wild?"     
"Why else would they book a whole island and waste money like that? They are paying for service they are not using." Alice wiggled her fingers like she was giving a massage.     
Alice suffered during that mandatory course, and she opted to learn Thai body massage. She was hoping to use her newly acquired skills to knead some firm muscles. And Thai massage uses the whole body, not only the hands. The last batch of guests were old geezers in their fifties and sixties with young mistresses, and she was hoping to get closer to this young and handsome male specimen.     
"Some people value their privacy and have money to pay for it," Gabriel said. "Instead of gossiping about guests, we should take advantage of this downtime and enjoy ourselves. Who wants a jet ski race? We can go paragliding in the afternoon." Those were activities reserved for guests, but with no guests, the staff was enjoying a lifestyle they wouldn't normally be able to afford.     
Nadia pouted. She didn't come here to do sports!     
"Alice?" Nadia called. "How about we check if our guests need something?"         
Brad was not sure about that. "They said not to disturb them."     
"They did," Nadia confirmed. "But we must confirm they didn't get hurt or lost. What if they got swept away with the tide or broke a leg and needed help? What if the labor started? We could offer comfort to the dad-to-be. Delivery is stressful, and all kinds of things could happen."     
Alice smiled mischievously. "I'm in. Let's see what they are doing. With any luck, the woman will be busy with something, and we can chat with the guy."     
Gabriel groaned when he saw Alice and Nadia skimping away while giggling.     
"They will get in trouble," Gabriel said.     
"Why do you care?" Brad asked.     
"Because if they mess up, we will all be punished. The boss might single those two out, but if the customer doesn't pay, we don't get paid."     
Brad had to agree that Gabriel had a point. "Let's go after them."     
…     
Damon lay in the cabana on the sandy beach overlooking the ocean. Palm leaves formed a roof on the open structure, and the silky white fabric swaying on each side didn't obstruct the warm breeze that caressed his skin. The mattress below him was firm, the pillow under his head was fluffed, and the best part was Talia sleeping in his arms.     
They had been in this paradise resort for a week. This was the third week of their month-long planned vacation, and Damon wished they could stay here forever. Actually, anywhere was fine as long as he could be with Talia undisturbed.     
Damon's initial intention was to rent the whole island and tell everyone to scram, but he didn't want to waste time on cleaning and preparing meals, so he demanded that staff stays on the other side of the island, away from him and Talia. In this way, they had privacy and service, and here they were, relaxing on the beach after a night filled with carnal pleasures. It was his dream vacation with Talia.     
In the last three weeks, Talia and Damon ventured through a few busy cities and visited attractions such as pyramids in Egypt, Burj Khalifa in Dubai, Eiffel Tower in Paris, Colosseum in Rome, and Grand Palace in Bangkok.     
Out of all of those, Damon loved this place the most, and he knew that Talia felt the same. Her face would light up at the new sight, and she listened to their tour guides attentively, but then her attention would drift toward Damon, and she looked at him like he was the most important person in the world, and Damon loved it! He loved her.      
Damon wished for them to be completely naked, just as mother nature intended, but there was a possibility of staff wandering, so they were wearing swimwear. No one should get to see Talia's exposed body. That was only for Damon to see.     
His hand rested on Talia's stomach. The bump his pup formed was right there and big. None of them knew how far the delivery was, but they confirmed that the pup grew every time Talia used her abilities (teleporting included).     
That bump was a symbol of Damon's manly prowess. He impregnated his mate, his kitten, his Goddess… Talia was all of that, and she carried his child.     
Even before they made love, Damon had flashes of Talia bearing his pups, and he remembered that when he came inside her the first time, he wished she gets pregnant, and here she was… snuggled close to him, with her head on his shoulder, and definitely pregnant!     
Damon was so happy that he felt like jumping, laughing, shouting, and howling at the same time, but he pushed all those vigorous activities for later because his mate was sleeping, and she needed the gentle hold he was happy to provide.     
Damon stared at Talia's sleeping face, and he couldn't believe that he found the small string of drool stretching from her lips adorable. That was his mate. His everything.      
Damon's expression tightened when he became aware of four presences approaching them. At their current pace, it will take them a few minutes to reach Damon and Talia, but Damon was on alert, and he didn't like this. He didn't call them.     
Why was so difficult for humans to follow simple instructions? He knew they were weak, but now it seemed they were also stupid.     
An unexpected effect of Talia's pregnancy was Damon's overprotectiveness. Any male that came within a few steps of Talia was risking his life, and Damon didn't tolerate females either. It's not that he would mind females coming close to Talia, but they would throw flirty gazes at Damon, which upset Talia, and Sapa had no tolerance for anyone who would upset Liseli, which meant Talia as well.     
There was also the feeling of danger. Damon knew how special Talia was, and what if someone else knew it as well? What if the Guardians disguised themselves and decided to follow Gregory's footsteps? And what about humans involved in experiments on creatures with abilities?     
Damon lost his parents, friends, and even Stephanie betrayed him. He couldn't risk losing Talia, and his paranoia was acting up. Only in moments when it was just him and Talia, Damon was at peace, and now they had intruders.         
###Chapter 1016: The honeymoon (2)
Chapter 1016: The honeymoon (2)
Damon's temper was rising as the four intruders were getting closer. He was hoping they would stop or take a turn, but that was not the case.         
Since they left the Dark Howlers pack, Talia was in a good mood. She didn't think about their packs, her father disappearing, the Guardians, or anything else that would usually weigh on her adorable mind.     
It reached the point where even their wolves were snoozing contently.     
Damon was extra vigilant in keeping distractions away, but it seemed he was about to fail.     
Pesky humans!     
"Damon?" Talia called drowsily, and Damon's stomach tightened.     
Damn it! Talia was awake! Someone will need to pay for this, big time!     
"Shh… sleep, kitten." He rubbed her back and pressed a kiss on her forehead.     
Damon was tense, which woke her up, so she had to ask, "What is going on?"     
"Just some intruders. I will deal with them."     
Talia was alerted. "Intruders? Here?" Weren't they on an island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean?     
Damon exhaled helplessly. "I think it's the staff."     
"Did you call them?"     
"No."     
"Then, they are intruders."     
Damon chuckled. "That's what I said. How about you go back to sleep and let me handle them?"     
Talia pursed her lips. "What do you want to deal with? Those females gawking at you?"     
"Who is gawking at me?"     
"Don't lie to make me feel better!" Talia hissed. "Only a blind person wouldn't notice those sluts lusting over you!" She narrowed her eyes at him. "Or is that what you want? Now that I'm this fat, you are looking at oth…"     
Damon swallowed the rest of Talia's words with a fiery kiss that made her forget what she was angry about.     
"I didn't notice anyone gawking at me because I am looking only at you," Damon spoke against her lips and then he kissed her chin, neck, collarbones… he skipped breasts because they were covered with a bikini, and he didn't want to undress her with the intruders getting closer by the second, so he moved lower to kiss her stomach. "I won't allow anyone to say you are fat; not even you can say such nonsense." He hugged her belly. "You are carrying my child. You are beautiful, pregnant, and the most attractive female in this realm and beyond. No one can compare to you, kitten."     
Damon loved that she was pregnant! That bulge proved he was a real man; his seed was growing inside her. A bonus was that Talia was super-horny, and due to the weight of her stomach, they tried all kinds of poses; his favorite pose of taking her from the back was always an option. How Damon saw this, it was full of wins. Why was Talia talking like she was not attractive?     
Talia's hostility sizzled away, and she caressed his raven-black hair. "I know. Sorry. I didn't mean that you would betray our bond. It's the hormones and pregnancy and…"     
"It's OK," Damon said as he moved back up until their noses aligned. "If you are angry, be angry. If you are happy, be happy. Whatever you feel, let it out. I won't judge. But don't assume I will ever look at any woman other than you. You are my everything, and my life makes no sense without you in it. You should know that much. Don't allow anyone or anything to spoil your confidence. You are perfect, fantastic, my only one…"     
Talia melted from the warm and fuzzy emotions she shared with Damon. He was a sweet talker.     
The last three weeks were amazing! They accomplished many things because Talia teleported them everywhere, and they didn't waste time on travel.         
No matter where they were or what they did, Damon and Talia were always in touching distance, and it was the happiest period of their lives, so far.      
Talia loved visiting new places, cuddles, and sex, and how he looked at her with passion and love, making her burn in need of him.     
When Talia lay down, it was not very visible, but when she stood up, her belly bulged out. It was because Talia was using energies that caused rapid development of the child in her belly. She knew that Guardian babies developed differently, and the pregnancy progress was based on the purity and amount of energy.     
Talia was brimming with power, and Damon's energies were compatible with hers, boosting the development of their child whenever Damon used his abilities near Talia.     
Other than teleportation, Talia's and Damon's powers flared uncontrollably during sex, so it was no wonder that Talia looked like she was about to blow anytime.     
They felt the baby move numerous times, and they were always excited, like it was the first time.     
Talia wondered how their lives would change after the baby came.     
What about their sex life? Will they need to hold back their urges? Doing the naughty with the baby in the room didn't sound right. Should they sneak around? Hiding with Damon to get frisky created various mental images in Talia's mind. Closet? Bathroom? Storage? Talia could teleport them into their cave and back after they get sated. The problem was that Damon and Talia had big appetites, and it could take a while.     
Damon's nostrils flared when he picked up the scent of Talia's arousal. It was his favorite scent.     
"What are you thinking, kitten?" He always wanted to know what turned her on.     
Talia smiled and leaned her forehead on Damon's.     
Damon's eyebrows shot up when mental images of him and Talia flashed in his mind. Various places, dark and cramped, and the two of them naked. He had no ions.     
Damon inched closer to claim her lips, and then he cursed under his breath. The intruders were less than a minute away.     
"Let me deal with the pesky humans, kitten. Rest."     
Talia had no intention of letting him do anything on his own. "I'm coming with you. If they are females, they are mine."     
Damon's only option was to compromise. "Alright. I will handle the guys."     
…     
Nadia and Alice led the way toward their target villa, with Brad and Gabriel following closely.     
The whole island was landscaped to look like a well-maintained park filled with tropical foliage. Pebble-covered paths snaked between palm trees, ponds, and colorful bushes filled with fragrant blooms.     
Two females stopped behind one large bush to hide while eyeing the beach. There were no people in the cabana, nor on the sand, nor in the water.     
Alice pouted. "They are not here."     
"Good," Gabriel said. "We came, didn't see them, now let's head back."     
"Back?" Nadia asked and pointed at the white building peeking between the palm trees. "What if they are inside the villa and need our assistance?"     
"What if they are inside and having sex?" Brad snapped.      
"We will be quiet," Alice said. "If we hear suspicious sounds, we will sneak out without them noticing."         
Nadia grinned. "It will depend on the sounds. What if we need to investigate further?"     
Alice snickered. "Do you think they will let us join them?"     
Gabriel groaned. "You will get us fired."     
"Getting fired is the least of your problems," a stern voice came from above, and four people raised their gazes to see Damon standing high on the palm tree, and they took a double-take at the scene in front of them.     
Damon held onto the trunk of the palm tree, and it wouldn't be strange if not for very pregnant Talia sitting on his shoulders in a circus-like manner.     
Damon slid down the tree and bent for Talia to step on the ground.     
"Careful," Damon said while supporting Talia, who was wobbly on her feet. The weight of her belly was throwing her off balance.     
"I'm OK," Talia assured Damon and turned toward four intruders. "Why are you here? Can't you follow simple instructions not to disturb us?"     
Nadia fidgeted nervously. "You didn't call our service since yesterday, and we were worried."     
"Why didn't you use a phone to check on us?" Talia asked.     
"We didn't want to risk waking you up, in case you are sleeping," Alice said. She had a story ready. "We only wanted to ensure that you are alright."     
Talia sneered. "Really? And what if we were inside, having sex? What was that about joining us?"     
Alice and Nadia exchanged nervous glances. Did they hear that? But… Talia didn't seem very upset. Maybe joining them was an option. Rich people had all kinds of kinks.     
Before Alice or Nadia could run their mouths and get them in more trouble, Brad stepped forward.     
"We apologize. They were talking nonsense. If you were intimate, we would leave without traces."     
"Without traces?" Damon asked. Since a guy was talking, it was his turn to handle it. That was the deal. "You obviously left traces if we caught you sneaking on us. It is your luck you didn't see my wife exposed, or I would gauge your eyes out. But even with that, what you did was a big offense. How should we deal with you?"     
Alice was so nervous that she was blinking rapidly. Did the guy say something about removing their eyes? "Why are you acting like it's a big deal? We are all grownups, and we know what sex is. If you did something, we would pretend we didn't see anything."     
Talia shook her head. "You should realize that there are secrets bigger than a naked body. When someone wants privacy, there is a reason for it."     
Four people gaped at the sight of Talia's glowing silver eyes, and her hair was changing color. What the heck?     
Talia's abilities would flare at the slightest provocation. The more her pregnancy progressed, the easier her abilities would surface.     
Talia walked toward four humans in slow motion while talking menacingly.     
"If people want privacy, there is a reason for…"     
Talia's words stopped halfway, and she clutched her stomach.     
"Damon… the baby…"     
###Chapter 1017 The baby is coming!
1017  The baby is coming! 
Damon panicked. 
Why was Talia holding onto her stomach? Was something wrong with the baby? 
He knew that these humans would bring trouble! That's why he demanded privacy, and that's why he wanted Talia to stay behind and let him handle the intruders, but it was too late because they were here and she was upset. 
Damon rushed to hold Talia. "What's going on, kitten? Should I take you to bed? Or call a doctor?" 
Damon's head snapped to look at Nadia, Alice, Brad, and Gabriel who were petrified. They were not werewolves, but they could sense that something was different about the two people in front of them. Talia's eyes and hair changed color, and Damon climbed the tree like it was nothing, and… the air around them was unusual, dangerous. 
"How dare you harm my mate!?" Damon growled. 
"Damon…" Talia called in a strained voice. "The baby…" 
Damon could see uncertainty and panic in Talia's silvery eyes, and he felt her pain. Damon saw red. Talia was in physical pain! 
He directed his anger at four humans. "You harmed my child!" 
"We didn't!" Alice squeaked. 
Damon was livid. "And how do you call this? What did you do!?" 
Talia squeezed Damon's arm to get his attention. "Damon… the baby…" 
"Yes, the baby," he repeated anxiously. She said that already, so he knew that something about the baby was not right. 
Talia sucked in a breath. "It's coming." 
"Coming? Where?" Damon's eyes widened to the point of hurting. "What? Are you saying the baby is coming? Here? Now?" Was she joking? He was not ready for this! 
"Ahh!" Talia exclaimed and a gush of liquid seeped through her bikini bottom like it was not there. 
Damon could smell that was not pee. What the hell? Where did that come from? That can't be normal. Was that normal? 
Damon remembered scenes from pregnancy-related videos and the whole world spun when he realized Talia was in labor. The baby was coming! 
Wasn't it too early? Sure, Talia said that the more she used energies the faster baby grew, but he believed they had weeks to go, or at least until they went home. The baby was coming, and where was Travis? They didn't have a hospital here! Can Talia teleport them to the pack hospital? It didn't look like it. 
"Ah…" Talia stifled a cry and Damon scooped her into his arms and started running toward the cabana. 
"Don't you dare leave!" Damon shouted at the four humans. "Come with me! If anything happens to my mate or my child, I will kill everyone on this island!" 
Nadia panicked when she saw Gabriel and Bret moving toward the beach. "Where are you going?" 
"You heard the guy," Bret responded. "At least we can help stabilize her." 
Alice's expression contorted into a grimace. "Help her? How will you do that? Are you a doctor?" 
"I'm calling Stacy," Gabriel said while putting his phone to his ear. They all had first aid training, but Stacy was the only doctor on the island. 
Bret grabbed Alice's and Nadia's hands and pulled them toward the beach. "Move! You got us into this shit. Don't you dare think about bailing out now!" 
Damon placed Talia on the white mattress in the cabana, unsure of what to do next. "Talk to me, kitten," Damon pleaded while holding Talia's hand. "What should I do now?" 
"Doctor will be here in ten minutes," Gabriel said from the side. 
"Did you hear that, kitten? Ten minutes." 
"Ahh!" Talia cried again. Lying flat, sideways, or standing, none was good. Everything hurt. 
Talia grabbed Damon's arm and pulled him closer. "Hold me, Damon." 
'Listen to mate,' Sapa growled in Damon's head. 'In moments like these, women will act on an instinct, and that's the best course of action.' 
'How many pups did you help deliver?' 
'None,' Sapa deadpanned. 
Damon couldn't believe this. 'How are you credible in giving childbirth advice?' 
'Mate is not a fragile human!' Sapa snapped. 'Mate has Lis and blood of a Goddess. She will do great. You only need to support her.' 
Damon didn't like the idea of doing nothing and going with the flow, but what choice did he have? He lay next to Talia and cradled her in his arms. 
Talia took deep breaths of Damon's scent which calmed her anxiety but she was worried. Wasn't this too fast? There was no documentation related to the pregnancy of the Guardians, but she assumed it should be similar to how werewolves and humans give birth to babies. It starts with cramping, and it turns into pain that's several minutes apart, and it can last for hours. This started in full force right away. Or was this the cramping part and it will get worse? 
"Mmm…" Talia muffled her next cry into Damon's shoulder. His proximity and the sparks of their bond made things better, but it still hurt like hell. 
Every contraction made it impossible to breathe and Talia felt like vomiting, pooping, and passing out at the same time. It was horrible. 
"You should remove her swimsuit," Nadia said from the side. 
Damon was outraged. No one will get to see Talia's private parts! 
Nadia approached them, and Damon growled menacingly. 
Nadia raised her hands defensively. "How will the baby come out if there is fabric obstructing the exit? If you don't let me see, the doctor will look when she gets here." 
Damon looked around frantically and then he reached for the silky white fabric that enveloped the cabana. He yanked it away and placed it over Talia who was crying again. Why did it sound like the baby was coming out already? He never heard Talia cry like that and it made his heart ache. 
"Stand on the other side!" Damon shouted and four humans quickly stepped back and in the direction where Damon gestured. 
Damon removed Talia's bikini bottom and made sure the silky fabric was covering her up so intruders don't see the parts that shouldn't be seen. 
He looked between her legs. "Breathe, kitten. Breathe." 
Talia laughed weakly. "I'm not going to start breathing from down there." 
Damon was glad she could crack jokes in a situation like this. "Tell me if I could do anything to make you more comfortable. The doctor will be here in a few minutes." And it better be a female doctor, or Damon will start a bloodbath. 
"Human doctor?" Talia asked the obvious. "I don't need that." 
"She can help." 
"She can't. She will see things that shouldn't be seen and I will need to mess with their memories." Talia was not eager to go into other people's minds. 
"You won't need to. I will kill them all when this is over." 
"You can't kill them because they were at the wrong place at the wrong time." 
"I killed for less," Damon said like it was a totally normal thing. "I told them to give us privacy, yet they came here and agitated you into labor. That warrants death." 
"What about the doctor?" 
"I will kill everyone on this island." 
Nadia fell down to her knees. Those two were talking about killing everyone and they didn't bother to lower their voices, and somehow, she knew they were not joking. 
me. I'm here…" He spoke into her hair. 
12:03 
"Where is the patient!?" A woman in her mid-forties asked breathily while emerging from the "Can you not talk about killing people now?" Talia asked Damon. 
"Sorry, sorry," Damon was quick to say. "It helps me relieve stress." 
Talia started laughing, but that was cut off abruptly when another contraction came. 
Damon grimaced and he wished for the power to make Talia's aches go away. 
He wanted a pup, but he didn't know it would be this painful. What if things go wrong? Was it a mistake to impregnate her? 
Doubts crept into his heart, and he was unsure what to do other than… "I am here, kitten. Hold onto me. I'm here…" He spoke into her hair. 
"Where is the patient!?" A woman in her mid-forties asked breathily while emerging from the foliage. The medical bag was a giveaway that was Stacy, the doctor. 
"There!" Alice shouted while gesturing toward the cabana. "The woman is in labor. The guy chased us away." 
Damon didn't have the capacity of worrying about things outside of the cabana. 
Talia's grip on Damon's arm tightened and he was on the verge of crying. It hurt like hell. His vision blurred and he wondered if he imagined that Talia's necklace was glowing. 
Talia blinked to see that the world stilled. Everything around her was fading into whiteness until she couldn't see a thing. 
'Kitten?' Damon's voice sounded in her mind. 
'I'm here.' 
'What's going on? Did your necklace suck you into another dimension?' 
'This is different.' Actually, it was not so different. She was feeling weightless and there was no pain, but she could feel Damon, albeit a bit differently. 
'Natalia?' Another voice sounded in Talia's head and she wanted to cry. 
'Dad?' 
'Your mother is here also.' 
'Where?' Talia asked anxiously. 
The scene in front of her changed to see two figures made of light solidifying by the heartbeat, and then she recognized Valerian. He looked the same, but his whole body was shimmering in golden light. His hair was golden and so were his eyes. And there was a beautiful female by his side with silvery hair and eyes. 
'Mom?' Talia called and the female smiled. 
'Hi, Natalia.' Astraea's voice was full of joy and sadness. 'You have grown into a beautiful woman.' 
It took some time for Talia to peel her eyes off her parents and look at herself. Her body was flashing in silvery pulses, with the strongest light concentrated on her belly.
###Chapter 1018: The birth of a God
Chapter 1018: The birth of a God
Talia looked at the silvery figure in front of her, and her heart ached and warmed at the same time as the feminine features became more distinct.         
When Talia opened the portal at her Luna ceremony, the figure looked huge, yet now that she was next to Valerian, she looked petite… just like Talia. Talia understood why Valerian said, more than once, that Talia reminded him of her mother. They looked alike.     
And there was Valerian, standing proud and majestic with his hand resting on Astraea's hip, and this time, his smile was genuine. He was happy, and Talia was happy as well.     
A warm sensation wrapped around Talia's shoulders, and she looked to the side to see a humanoid mass of darkness. It was Damon.     
'How did we get here?' Talia asked Damon.     
'I think it's your necklace,' Damon responded. He saw it glowing before they appeared… wherever this was.     
As far as the eyes could see, light gray light pulsated rhythmically into white before returning to light gray, and it was impossible to estimate how big the space was. Everything seemed to be close, yet far away, like the distance was not important. A low-lying white mist covered their feet and stretched in all directions, and other than that, there was nothing.     
'Your mate is right,' Astraea said. 'The necklace connects us. Given enough power, the passage will open.'     
'Is this where you live?' Talia asked.     
'Yes and no,' Valerian responded. 'We live everywhere, but this is where you can come, and our will and spirit can manifest themselves for you to see.'     
Talia was unsure what to make of this. Will? Spirit? What about the body?     
Talia knew that Damon was right by her side, but she couldn't feel the sparks of their bond. Did that mean her parents couldn't feel the sparks either?     
'Don't you have bodies?' Talia asked.     
Astraea stifled a laugh and nudged Valerian. 'She is like you. Thinking about the flesh.'     
Valerian smirked. 'You never complained when we did things with our flesh.'     
Astraea cleared her throat, and Talia saw that her mother's cheeks had become pink. Oh, God! Her parents were flirting and talking about sex right in front of her! Talia thought of her parents as stoic and dignified, God-like creatures, and she didn't want to imagine them lost in the throes of passion.     
'There are things beyond pleasures of the flesh,' Astraea said to Talia. 'You lived in only one dimension, Natalia. There is so much more for you to explore. I look forward to welcoming you once the time comes.'     
Talia was unsure what her mother was talking about, but she guessed that there was more to the world than she knew so far. She thought that time passing differently in the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack was fantastic, but there was more, much more, and her mother hinted that they will reunite. Talia liked that very much.     
Talia felt weightless and different overall, and she noticed one more oddity. 'My wolf…' Talia said and turned to Damon. 'I can't feel her.'     
'Your wolves are here,' Valerian said and gestured to the side.     
Damon and Talia turned to see a white and black wolf running and prancing around each other, like they had no care in the world. Their forms were somewhat ethereal, but those were undoubtedly Liseli and Sapa.     
'Is it normal for wolves to separate from human parts?' Talia asked.     
'Your wolves are special,' Valerian responded. 'Only powerful spirits maintain their form in this realm.'     
Damon could see that Talia was carried away by this place and her parents and everything else happening. It was obvious that Talia had many questions. Damon had many questions also, but the most important one was… 'Our child. Can you do something about Talia's delivery?'     
'Your mate is… unique,' Astraea said to Talia while eyeing Damon.     
Valerian chuckled. 'Aren't we all?'         
Damon's patience was thinning. 'I know this is a reunion for you, but Talia is in labor. Can you help?'     
'That's why we are here,' Astraea responded.     
Damon was happy to hear this, and there was one more thing. 'What about our bodies? Are they safe?'     
'Don't worry about your bodies. Time passes differently here.' Astraea waved her hand, and the air shimmered to show a beach with five humans standing next to the cabana, and inside Damon was cradling Talia in his arms. It looked like a photo because no one was moving a muscle. Even the waves stood there frozen.     
'As for the delivery…' Astraea's eyes moved to Talia's belly. 'Birth of our kind is different compared to humans. Mortal bodies are just temporary shells. The real thing is happening here. We are creatures made of energy and shaped by our experiences. I'm sure you noticed that the more you used your energy, the faster your child developed.'     
Talia nodded.     
'No one ever saw our kind mature so quickly,' Astraea said with a frown of concern on her beautiful face. 'Based on that, I can predict that your child will be powerful and impatient. If you neglect her, she will succumb to the darkness.'     
'Her?' Damon asked enthusiastically. A girl! YES!     
Talia couldn't believe him. 'Do you care about the gender to the point of not caring if our child will be bad?'     
'She can't be bad if you are her mother. I will always be by your side, and we will raise her right. Besides, your mother didn't say she would be bad but that she will join darkness. Look at me. I am dark. Am I bad?'     
Astraea shook her head helplessly while wondering if all Alphas were so shameless in front of their mates.     
'The lack of compassion for weaker creatures turns pure energy that can grant life into dark one that is set to destroy,' Astraea said to Damon. 'Your past created the man you are today. However, you are not all dark.'     
Astraea pointed at Damon's chest, where pulsating white light was seen. 'You treated your pack members fairly. Not because you cared but because you believed that was the right thing to do. In a way, that saved you. However, without Natalia as your mate, you would turn to darkness completely. It was only a matter of time.'     
Damon was not offended. Whatever Astraea said was the truth.     
Damon was the Alpha he was because of his father's teachings, not because he felt it was right or wrong.     
Damon's disrespect for women was getting worse with every next one, and Damon was aware that if Talia didn't appear, he would succumb to the corruption of absolute power. There was no one stronger to force him to stop, and the weaker ones didn't dare to tell him his actions were wrong.     
Talia changed all that, and Damon was fine with it. As long as it was with Talia, he had no ions.     
Damon pulled Talia closer to him.     
'Did you hear that, kitten? You are making me a better person.'     
'You are making each other better,' Valerian said.     
'Val told me you will call her Violet. That's a lovely name that evokes beauty, grace, and the power of nature. Very fitting.'     
Talia was glad that her mother approved, and she turned to grin at Damon. The darkness obstructed most of his features, but she knew he was smiling at her. The emotions flowing into her through their bond were full of love and support, and she would give him a smacking kiss on the lips if that were possible.     
Talia reached to touch his cheek, and she sucked in a sharp breath upon contact.     
It was like her whole body was charged with the most addictive energy, making her calm and excited, and heady, on the verge of an orgasm. It was all-consuming, and it made her dizzy, and Talia really wanted to feel it again. She placed her palm on Damon's cheek fully, and a groan escaped his lips because he felt the same energy. It was euphoric.     
Astraea cleared her throat to get their attention. 'That's a touch with intent. I told you there are better things than you could do with the flesh.'         
'You call it better. I call it different,' Valerian chimed in.     
Astraea pointed at Talia's belly. 'It is time for her to be born. If we delay this further, she will start absorbing your energy, and we can't have that.'     
Damon was alerted. No one should absorb anything Talia's, not even their child. 'What should we do?'     
Astraea spread her arms, and wisps of light rose from the mist that covered the ground. Some pinkish, some yellow, some blue, and some pure white, and the atmosphere turned regal.     
'When a God perishes, their energy remains,' Astraea explained. 'As long as we have a purpose, focus, or connection to the realm of mortals, we retain our consciousness. Time doesn't mean much here, but without those connections, we eventually dissipate, and only these mindless wisps remain. Think of it like a circle of life. Nothing truly disappears; it only changes form, which applies to everything.'     
Talia looked at the wisps of light gathering around them, and some started approaching her belly. She was unsure of what to expect, and if not for her parents smiling at her, she would panic.     
'Did Yasmin experience a similar thing when Valeria and Edgar were born?' Talia asked.     
Astraea confirmed. 'She did. Not in this way exactly, but the energies gathered to empower her children and preserve her mortal body from giving up during the delivery.'     
'Relax, Natalia,' Astraea instructed. 'The energies are gathering, but only the ones compatible with you and your child will come forward. Some will accept you, and some will test you, but rest assured that this is natural. Every God is born like this.'     
###Chapter 1019: The birth of a God (cont.)
Chapter 1019: The birth of a God (cont.)
'How can I help?' Damon asked anxiously. He didn't like the idea of Talia being tested without him around.         
'Use your bond,' Astraea said to Damon. 'Send to your mate and your child confidence, support, love, and whatever else you want to give them. Open your mind and feel the world around you. Let your instincts guide you…'     
Astraea started chanting melodiously, and Talia thought how it resembled the song of the Wilkow sisters.     
'What is that?' Talia asked.     
'When we use our energy, we do it with a thought. Mindless energies need to be coaxed to cooperate if we don't want to risk them turning hostile,' Astraea responded. 'This song lures them in and allows us to channel it as our own.'     
'I heard something similar when five sisters boosted the energies to help us fight the Guardians,' Talia said.     
Astraea's features hardened. 'The Guardians? Those halflings dare to call themselves as such?'     
'Calm down, love,' Valerian said to Astraea. 'This is about Natalia and our grandchild. They can't harm anyone now.'     
Astraea raised her hands again and then paused. 'If they can't harm anyone, why do I feel them close?'     
Talia and Damon looked around, and Astraea pointed at Talia. 'There.'     
A purple wisp emerged from Talia's chest. A moment later, another wisp came out.     
Talia recognized them. 'Those are abilities of the Guardians we defeated.' She also had Sophia's, Isaac's, and Cassandra's abilities. It's not that Talia wanted to keep them, but she didn't know how to release them without returning them to their original owners.     
'You absorbed them?' Astraea was genuinely surprised.     
'Damon and I did,' Talia responded proudly.     
Astraea shook her head in disapproval, but she was smiling. 'Don't recklessly absorb someone else's energy. It can corrupt you and make you unstable.'     
Two more wisps came out of Talia's chest, and Talia felt lighter, like an obstruction was gone, and she could breathe with ease.     
Damon remembered something. 'There was an incident a while ago. I was losing myself in the darkness, and Talia rescued me. I have reasons to believe there are remnants of darkness in her. Can you remove those?'     
Astraea took a deep look at Talia, and after a long moment, she said. 'I won't remove it.'     
'Why?' Damon asked. Talia would do uncharacteristically bad things when negativity engulfed her.     
'It is dark, but it's not conflicting with her nature. Maybe because it's from you. Natalia is too pure. Leaving things as-is will give her some edge. I don't want her to end up like me. They betrayed me, threatened my child, my mate, and it wouldn't be like that if I kept my guard up. I didn't believe they would dare to break apart soulmates and kill one to get to the other. Killing our own is an unforgivable offense. If I were a skeptic or aware of how vile people can be, my child would grow up with parents, and my mate wouldn't end up in the dungeon. If I knew about Natalia's fate, I wouldn't allow Val to take her away. We would fight together.'     
Valerian wrapped his arms around her. 'It's not your fault, Tea. It was never your fault.'     
'And whose fault it was?'     
'We talked about this. It was mine.'     
'How can it be yours?'     
Talia looked at her parents, and her heart was full. They both carried the weight of blame for what happened, showing that they cared for each other and Talia. That was the family she always wanted.     
'It was the Guardians who destroyed our family,' Talia said. 'And Sophia and Isaac are at fault for my childhood. They are all punished and are suffering now. Instead of regret for things we can't change, how about we focus on this baby?'         
Astraea smiled at Talia. 'Let's welcome our grandchild. She is eager to meet us. The more energies accept her, the stronger her potential will be.'     
Astraea started chanting again, and this time, Valerian waved his arms also.     
Colorful energy wisps rose to dance around them.     
Talia didn't know what to expect, but then she felt warmth all over as two white wisps touched her belly and disappeared in there. And then three more came, one more, and a few others… yellow, red, white, blue, gray.     
The light from her belly increased and became blinding, and Talia would panic if not for Damon's soothing presence and Astraea's song, and she knew that her father was there also. It was like a dream. She was with her family.     
Talia had no idea how long it lasted, but she blinked to see that her belly had turned into a ball of light. It was white at the center, with numerous colorful strings twisting and twirling around it. It reminded her of the Sphere of Power the Guardians have.     
'Is that my child?' Talia asked.     
Astraea smiled so widely that her eyes formed crescents. 'This is more than I hoped she would get. She is powerful. I will need to bind her powers.'     
Talia was concerned. 'Bind her powers?'     
Yasmin had the ability-suppressing items for Edgar and Valeria. Talia wanted to ask Cornelia if there were more of those items for her child. Unlike members of the Midnight Guardians pack, Talia's and Yasmin's babies didn't need to grow up and find their mates in order to use their abilities. Having a baby that can teleport or start a fire could lead to a disaster.     
Talia was mentally prepared for the possibility of them suppressing the abilities of their child, but items could be used and removed at will, while binding sounded permanent.     
'I know what you are worried about.' Astraea's fingers twisted to form mysterious seals. 'The binds will start loosening up when her wolf awakens. At that time, you will need to guide her. Both of you,' she said to Talia and Damon. 'Even before that, tell her who she is and what to expect. Teach her well, so she doesn't take her powers for granted.'     
Talia didn't like these instructions. It sounded like a goodbye. 'Will we see each other again?'     
'We will be watching,' Astraea said, and Talia was unsure if that was a yes or a no.     
Valerian and Astraea will be watching, but it was a one-way connection, and Talia wanted to be the one who could reach out to her parents. Talia knew they were alive, full of knowledge and love, and she wanted them to be a family.     
Astraea reached to pat Talia's head. 'I am sorry that things turned out this way.'     
Talia told herself not to be selfish. 'Don't be. This is more than I thought would be possible.'     
'Val tells me that your mate treats you well,' Astraea said. 'His energy is of primal Chaos and destruction, but you balance each other, which is always a good thing. If your soulmate is pure, like you are, you would end up as prey to the bad side.'     
Talia felt warmth around her tightening, and she knew that was Damon. And there he was with, 'I will ensure Talia and our children are safe. I will give my life to protect them.'     
'You will do no such thing,' Talia scolded Damon. How can talk so easily about giving up his life?     
'Don't worry about us, mom,' Talia said to Astraea. 'We are powerful.'     
Astraea smiled sadly. 'I had a lot of time to think while watching Val in the dungeon and you growing up. Seeing my loved ones suffering made me realize that power doesn't matter if you are not using it. Listen to your mate, Natalia, and don't trust people easily. If people know who you are, they will be envious, covet your powers, and if they can't take them for themselves, they will try to eliminate you. You are a grown woman with a mate, but your child is innocent and will depend on you for safety. I blessed her for protection, but that's not foolproof, and it can save her life once.'     
Talia could feel the pull, and she knew that their time was running out. 'I wish you could come with us.'     
'Now that Val is here, maybe we can do something together to visit you when the boundaries between realms weaken.'     
Talia's face lit up with hope. 'I would love that.'         
'Don't resist, Natalia. Your father and I will take care of things in your realm. Focus on your family.'     
Talia didn't want to leave. She wanted to stay with her parents and with Damon. Even Sapa and Liseli enjoyed their time. Everything was better in that realm.     
But the light was fading, and so was her consciousness, like she was falling asleep against her will.     
"Aww…" Talia cried. The stabbing pain in her stomach was excruciating. The scent of blood filled her nostrils. Was she bleeding?     
Talia reached to her hold onto her flat belly. What the heck?     
Talia blinked to notice their surroundings. The scent, the familiarity… they were in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack. In their bedroom. On the bed.     
"Kitten?" Damon called, and he was staring at something next to Talia, equally surprised to see where they were.     
Next to the bed were their suitcases. Astraea and Valerian returned them home, together with their things.      
Talia turned to see a baby lying by her side. The baby was completely naked (definitely female) and sleeping.     
"Violet…" Talia called and propped herself on her elbows.     
Talia's stomach was aching, but it was flat. She could see that because she was wearing a bikini top and no bottom, and there was some blood under her.     
Did she give birth to her baby without realizing it? It looked like it.     
###Chapter 1020 The young Alpha Violet is home
1020  The young Alpha Violet is home 
Damon hugged Talia from the side and pressed his lips on her temple. "I am glad things ended well." He really did. And he could feel the sparks of their bond again which was fantastic. 
Talia was in his arms, and their baby slept peacefully on the bed. It was surreal. 
He wanted to hold Violet and hug her, but she was so tiny, and he didn't want to disturb her rest. 
He counted five fingers on each hand and five toes on each foot, and she had a tiny nose, tiny mouth, and a small tuft of black hair on her head. Everything was small and... breakable. Will he be able to hold her without hurting her? 
Damon decided to focus on Talia. "How are you feeling? That looks like a lot of blood." It was not much by werewolf standards, but he didn't like to see Talia hurt in any way. "Should I call Travis?" 
"No need." Talia could sense that her bleeding was stopping, and the ache was not unbearable. "This was supposed to happen in a hospital. I'm sorry I messed up the bedsheets." And she was confident that it leaked into the mattress as well. 
"Who cares about bedsheets? Are you alright?" 
"I am," Talia assured him. 
"Any aches?" 
"A little bit." She didn't want to worry him. 
"Can I help?" 
Talia blinked. "How?" 
Damon licked his lips slowly, and she could hear his voice in her head, 'My saliva has analeptic properties.' 
Talia's face exploded in a fierce blush when she realized what he was talking about. 
"Violet is right here," Talia said in an urgent whisper. "And I am bloody." 
Damon grinned. She didn't say no. 
"I don't care about the blood. I had worse. As for disturbing Vi, we can be quiet." 
Talia's eyes widened to the point of hurting, and Damon chuckled. 
"Ah, kitten, kitten…" He pulled her to lean on him. "I will never do anything that makes you uncomfortable. I understand you need time to process things that happened." They both did. 
Talia pressed her lips into a line, unsure if she should be relieved or upset that he gave up on going down on her. 
"How are you doing?" Talia asked. 
"Me? Uhm…" So many things happened that he didn't have time to think about himself. How did he feel? "Excited, mostly. Worried about you. We should notify Travis, Caden, James, and guys that we are here." Also, check on the island and those people they left behind. If they ran their mouths, Damon would kill them all. And one more thing. "We need to verify how much time has passed." 
Talia agreed with him. "Can we stay like this a bit longer? I want to clean up before we announce our presence." 
Damon reached for a blanket to cover up Violet's tiny body and Talia's lower half. They were both naked. Not appropriate. 
"You did it, kitten. We did it. That's our daughter, and she is perfect." 
Talia was still processing everything. They were on the beach, and there were intruders. Talia went into labor and ended up in a mystical realm where she saw her parents and… 
'Lis?' Talia called. 
'I am here.' 
'Did I imagine those things?' 
'No. The place we were, had the same quality as the realm where I spent centuries by Selena's side.' 
'And this is my daughter?' Talia asked while looking at the baby. 
'Yes. She is beautiful. Congratulations.' 
'Does she have a wolf?' Talia wanted to confirm. 
'She has a strong spirit. Yes.' 
'When will she awaken?' 
'Uhm… in about eleven years. Give or take a year.' 
Eleven years, Talia thought. That's how much time they have to raise this girl and teach her not to use her powers for bad things. 
Talia wanted to hug and hold her, but she didn't want to wake her up. The baby looked so tiny and peaceful and… 'She is perfect,' Talia said to Damon through their mind-link. 
'Violet Blake,' Damon said with glee in his voice. 'The future Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack.' 
'And the Midnight Guardians pack.' 
'We should combine our packs, kitten. It will be easier for everyone.' 
Talia had to agree that Damon's words made sense. Axel told Talia many times he was not interested in being the Alpha because he didn't feel the role belonged to him. Talia hoped that Valerian would take over that position, but now he was gone, and there was no one else other than Talia. 
Talia was thinking about opening the portal that would connect two packs directly. That will make travel more convenient, and it will technically connect their territories. The only thing left was to figure out a name. 
'Dark Guardians? Or Midnight Howlers?' Talia asked. 
Damon smiled. 'I like them both. Or you can keep your pack independent, in a similar way to how George has members of the Frostcrest pack. We are one, but they have a certain autonomy.' 
Talia agreed to think about this more. 
After a few more minutes of hugging in silence, Damon carried Talia to the bathroom, and he helped her shower. 
"Rest on me, kitten. Let your mate take care of you." 
Talia leaned on Damon obediently, and she enjoyed the cleaning service he provided. His touch was gentle, and she was amazed that he managed to surprise her again by showing care uncharacteristic of an Alpha. Damon was special. He was the best. 
Talia wrapped her arms around his neck and her gaze misted with lust. 
Damon's nostrils flared as he struggled against the seductive call of her arousal. "Kitten… you are bleeding and achy." And she was rubbing her stomach on his erection. 
"I don't think I'm bleeding anymore." She was feeling better by the second. 
Damon was torn. The video said they should refrain from penetration for six weeks after the delivery. He remembered it because his heart was aching at the thought of staying away from Talia's pussy for such a long time, but this was only a few hours, yet she was tempting him and assuring him she was fine. What to do? 
Damon took Talia's hands into his and kissed her palms. "Let's wait, kitten. At least until tonight." 
Talia couldn't believe that he had refused her. "What's tonight?" 
"By then, Doctor Travis will check on you and confirm that your body is fine." 
"But I am fine!" Talia pouted. 
"I believe you, but I don't want to risk harming you." 
Talia wanted to bicker, but she could feel his sincerity through their mate bond. He was truly worried about her, and she decided to hold back her urges. 
"Alright," Talia said dejectedly. She knew that his words made sense, but she was horny. Damn it! 
 Talia and Damon dressed up and returned to the bedroom to see Violet still sleeping there. 
"Should we wake her up?" Damon asked. 
Talia was not sure. "Maybe we should call someone with experience and get some tips. Do we have any diapers and baby clothes?" The bed sheets were already ruined from blood, but that didn't mean they should add pee or whatever else came out of the baby. 
Talia was planning to go baby shopping when they returned from their trip. They assumed they would have a month or more to settle down with these necessities, and Mindy even planned a baby shower, but things ended differently. 
While thinking about Mindy, Talia hoped that her friend had prepared a nursery based on the list Talia and Damon left behind. 
Talia looked at Damon, who stood by her side unresponsive, and it took her a moment to realize that his eyes were out of focus. He was mind-linking someone. 
Before Talia could ask what was going on, there was a knock on their bedroom door. 
"Come in," Damon called, and Maya's head peeked in with Caden's above her. 
"When did you come back?" Maya asked, and she froze in her tracks when she saw the bundle on the bed. 
Caden scrunched his nose as he scented blood, and James and Cornelia appeared at the door. 
It was Talia's turn to stare at Cornelia, who was waddling with a big belly in front of her. Talia wondered how long they were away, but then… Cornelia was a witch. Who knew how their pregnancies went? 
"Oh. My. God!" Maya said when she gathered her wits. "A baby! Is it a boy or a girl?" 
10:57 
Damon wrapped his arm around Talia and puffed his chest before announcing. "That's your future Alpha Violet. The oldest one in the new generation of Alphas." 
Caden cleared his throat. "Uhm… not the oldest one." 
Damon's brows came together in a frown. "What do you mean?" 
"Max and Tanya had their son, Ethan, last week." 
Damon's frown deepened. "How was that possible?" 
Cornelia responded, "After we faced the Guardians, the Wilkow sisters figured out that their song could speed up the pregnancy." She rubbed her belly. "Works on everyone who stands nearby. Mindy is about to have her baby any day now, and Dawn's stomach is showing. We also suspect it promotes heat and fertility because Varya, Daria, Trisha, Lidia, and several others are pregnant." 
Talia thought about how that was wonderful. "Violet will have many playmates." 
Maya went to the room across the hall with, "Let me grab some diapers and baby clothes. You shouldn't introduce our future Alpha to the pack naked." 
Talia turned to Damon, who was non-responsive. "Damon?" 
"Max's child was born first," Damon said dejectedly. 
"Tanya got pregnant before me. It was normal that their child was born first." Talia did her best to pacify him. 
Damon rubbed his chin and eyed Talia. "When is your next heat?" 
"What?" 
"We will make our second child first." 
Talia was unsure if she should laugh or cry. Was everything a competition?
###Chapter 1021 Doctor's checkup
1021  Doctor's checkup 
Maya brought several baby outfits for Violet. 
Violet barely stirred as they were putting a diaper on her. 
"Shouldn't she wake up from this?" Talia asked, and everyone around her shrugged. 
'There is nothing wrong with her,' Liseli assured Talia. 'She is just sleepy. Who wouldn't be after absorbing all those energies?' 
Talia believed Liseli, but she wanted Violet to be checked by a doctor. She didn't want to waste time putting a complicated onesie on Violet, so she swaddled her in a receiving blanket while a how-to video played on the side. 
By the time they were ready to leave the packhouse, Keith, Arya, Zina, Owen, Dawn, and George were there also. They all gathered around the bed where Violet was sleeping, unaware of the crowd. 
Talia looked at Maya, Zina, Dawn, Arya, and Cornelia. They were all pregnant. But one female was missing. "Where is Mindy?" 
The door opened, and Mindy waddled in. Actually, the first one to come in sight was Mindy's belly. One step behind Mindy was Gideon, whose arms waved around Mindy, ready to catch her if she lost her balance. 
Talia hugged Mindy, and it took her a moment to see the ad-on Gideon had. "Is that a baby sling?" 
"Sorry we are late, Lia," Mindy said. "It takes forever to put that carrier on properly. Gideon is practicing for when Lavender is born." 
"Lavender? What a wonderful name," Talia said, and Mindy looked at Gideon with sparkles in her eyes. 
Mindy picked the name Lavender because that's how Gideon smells to her. Gideon agreed with the condition that their second child has a pumpkin-inspired name. 
Mindy looked at the bundle on the bed. "I see you went on your honeymoon and came back with a baby." 
"Meet Violet." 
"Aww… she is adorable," Mindy gushed and rubbed her belly. "They both have flowery names. Lavender and Violet will play together and be best friends." 
Talia loved the idea, and she thought of asking, "Is it normal for babies to sleep so much? We put a diaper on her, and she barely moved." 
Mindy put Talia's worries to rest. "It is normal. Travis told us to enjoy it while lasts because it's only the first week or two after they are born. After that, we will wish for them to sleep. When did you give birth?" 
Talia was not sure. "A few hours ago." 
"Woah. You are holding on nicely…" 
Damon waved for Mindy to stop the chatter. "We are on our way to see Travis. He is expecting us." 
Talia reached to lift Violet. Wrapped in a blanket, she resembled an adorable loaf of bread. 
Talia's heart swelled as she cradled Violet in her arms. 
Only now Talia realized how light Violet was. She turned to Damon to see him smiling at her. 
"Do you want to hold her?" 
Damon's eyebrows shot up. "Me?" 
Talia could feel his excitement, anticipation, and the amount of insecurity uncharacteristic for her willful Alpha, but she knew that he was worried about not harming the child. 
Talia stepped toward him. 
"Hold out your arms, daddy." 
Damon licked his lips nervously. Why was his mouth dry? Talia called him daddy, and he didn't dislike it. He was a father now. 
"That's it," Talia encouraged him while placing Violet in Damon's hands. 
Damon stood still like a statue, and Violet's lips twitched. 
"Did you see that?" Talia asked. "She smiled because you are holding her." 
"She likes it?" 
"Of course, she does. She can feel your love and protectiveness. Do you want to carry her to the hospital?" 
Before Damon could respond, Keith stepped forward. "You shouldn't carry any weight right after the delivery, Talia. If Alpha doesn't carry her, I will." 
"I can carry Violet!" Arya volunteered while standing right next to Keith. She was pregnant, but her stomach was not showing yet. 
Damon released a low growl, making Keith and Arya take a step back. 
"I will carry MY child," Damon snapped while holding Violet closer to his chest. 
Now that Damon looked around the room, it was crowded, and he wanted everyone out. 
… 
Damon and Talia stepped out of the packhouse and paused at the sight of the people. 
Members of the Dark Howlers pack came to welcome their young Alpha. 
People lowered their heads, and no one said a word as Damon and Talia walked through the path the crowd opened for them. 
Damon held Violet with his left arm while his right one was around Talia, and his heart swelled with pride. That was his mate and his child, and their people were showing respect without being asked. The best part was that he could feel Talia's emotions. She was happy, and he was happy with her. 
Maya, Caden, Mindy, Gideon, James, Cornelia, Dawn, George, Keith, Arya, Zina, and Owen walked behind Damon and Talia in a display of hierarchy. 
Talia smiled at the sight of familiar faces, and she allowed positive emotions to wash over her. The joy was nearly tangible, and Talia basked in it. 
The pack hospital was completely silent when Damon and Talia arrived with Violet. 
The Alpha couple entered the pack hospital, and Maya, Caden, and the others stayed outside because the whole pack was following them, and if they got in, it would cause a mess. 
Nurses, doctors, and patients stepped into hallways and stood with their heads lowered. 
The only ones who approached Damon and Talia were Travis and Olivia, who ushered Alpha parents to the examination room. 
Olivia beamed while looking at Violet, who was sleeping through the whole weight and length measurements, but Talia didn't miss the sadness in Olivia's expression. 
"What are you thinking about?" Talia asked Olivia. 
"It's just…" Olivia shook her head. "I am glad things turned out well for you and your baby." She didn't want to talk about her miscarriage because of Luis' violent ways. Her child would be about two years old if things didn't turn out as they did. 
Talia wrapped her arms around Olivia. "I can feel your sadness," Talia spoke in a low voice, only for Olivia to hear. "I thought you would be happier now that you have a loving mate and a pup on the way." 
Olivia's body stiffened. "What did you say?" 
Talia smiled at Olivia. "Didn't you have your heat?" 
"I did, but…" She turned to Travis. "A pup." 
Travis didn't get it. "Yes, young Alpha Violet is a pup. She looks healthy, but we should still give her a full checkup." 
"No, that's not what I was…" Olivia said weakly and pressed her hands against her stomach. 
Travis' brows came together as he realized the meaning behind Olivia's actions. "Our pup?" 
Olivia nodded, and Travis engulfed her in his embrace. 
"Don't worry, Livi. I will take care of you and our pup. You will be a wonderful mother. I won't allow anyone or anything to harm you…" He spoke in a low voice as Olivia sobbed into his doctor's coat as happiness and insecurities overwhelmed her. 
Talia tugged Damon to step aside. 
'Let's give them a moment,' Talia said to Damon through their mind link. 
Damon didn't like this. They came for a checkup, and now the doctor and his mate (aka assistant) were hugging and crying. What kind of a hospital was this? This is not what he is paying them for! 
Before Damon voiced his displeasure, Talia's voice sounded in his mind again, 'Olivia has a lot of burden. She was abused and…' 
'I know,' Damon grumbled back. He didn't like to be left to wait, regardless of the reason. 
Talia looked at their little bundle of happiness. 
10:59 
"Our pup, Damon," Talia said dreamily while gently touching Violet's forehead. 
Violet's eyes snapped open, and she looked straight at Talia. 
"She has blue eyes, like her father," Talia said, and she knew that Damon was grinning even though she didn't look at him. Black hair and blue eyes. Violet resembled Damon and Talia loved it. 
After a few long seconds, Violet's eyelids became heavy, and she went back to sleep. 
"It's a girl, just how you wanted," Talia said. 
"I would be OK with a boy also. I want us to have five pups. Three girls and two boys." 
Talia blinked at him. "Did you ever see an Alpha family with so many pups?" 
"Did you ever see an Alpha family with godly powers? In a way, I agree with Gregory. There are only a few of your kind, and we should do our share to ensure you don't go extinct, so… five pups. Six sounds even better. How about seven?" 
Talia giggled when she realized that Damon was just thinking about sex. 
After Violet's exam, it was time for Talia's. 
Two nurses came in to help, and even though Travis was only looking at the ultrasound and did above-the-waist tests, Damon was growling and releasing a menacing aura, so they had to send him out of the examination room to wait. 
Damon couldn't believe this. They kicked him out! He was the Alpha, damn it! 
But Talia said that the longer her s, the longer it would take, so he went out with an excuse that he needed to handle some important pack-related business. 
Talia was glad that Damon obeyed without destroying the place. 
A minute after he left, Violet stirred and was licking her lips, so nurses showed Talia how to breastfeed. 
Talia was unsure how Damon would react because Travis was right there while Talia's breasts were exposed. It was medical, educational, and nothing sexual or pervy, but Travis was a man, and Damon was a possessive Alpha, and… it wouldn't end well.
###Chapter 1022: A human member of the DH pack
Chapter 1022: A human member of the DH pack
Damon paced through the waiting room under the steady gazes of Keith and Arya, who didn't get too close to the room where Talia and Violet were with doctor Travis and the nurses, but the duo was keeping an eye on the door from a distance.         
Damon was impatient. Why was Talia's checkup taking so long?     
He mind-linked her three times already, and she told him that it was almost done, but that was two "almosts" too many, and he was getting anxious. Was something wrong? It didn't feel like it because he could sense Talia's emotions, and she was a bit nervous but mostly happy.     
"Is there something I can help you with, Alpha?"     
Damon's steps halted at the sound of a familiar voice, and he turned to cock an eyebrow at an unwelcome man. It was Tatiana's obnoxious assistant. Mario. Did he address him as Alpha? What the heck?     
Was Tatiana here? What about Maddox? But Mario seemed to be here on his own, and he wore a uniform like a nurse.      
"Why are you here?" Damon grumbled.     
The last time Damon saw Mario was before Talia's Luna ceremony, which was more than three weeks ago. At that time, Damon kicked Mario across the hall, which got the human hospitalized, but three weeks was more than enough to recuperate or be transferred to a human-run facility.     
Mario paused at Damon's hostility. "No need to worry about anything, Alpha. I am one of you now."     
Mario craned his neck, and Damon's eyes widened, seeing a mark. How could that be a mark? Mario is human! An annoying one!     
"What is that?" Damon asked while pointing at Mario's neck.     
"THAT is the mark of my mate. It means we belong together. I assume you know that, considering you wear Talia's mark."     
Damon's brows came together. Sure, there were cases of werewolves marking humans, but they were not common. And most importantly, why Mario?     
"Is he telling the truth?" Damon asked Keith and Arya, who nodded in confirmation.     
Damon refused to accept this. "Someone marked you? How is that possible?"     
"Thank you for your concern," Mario said with a smile. "We consulted the Shaman before marking, and I took medicine and attended a ritual to ensure it was safe. My mate is taking very good care of me."     
What concern? Damon didn't care about Mario's safety. The idea of this guy staying in the Dark Howlers pack for longer than necessary was making Damon's insides churn. And if Talia found out, she would be all, 'aww, that's so cute!'. Damon needed to nip this weed in the bud before it started growing roots.     
"You say your mate marked you. Who is she?"     
"Not a she. It's a HE," Mario corrected Damon. "Neal."     
"Neal?" Damon repeated blankly. Was that supposed to mean something?     
Mario nodded. "Neil is one of the young doctors here, a resident. Thanks to you, I was in the pack hospital instead of attending Talia's Luna ceremony. Neal came to give me my second dose of painkillers, and the rest is history. I was waiting to hear you are back to thank you properly."     
"No need," Damon said curtly.     
"I see. Words are not enough. We will prepare dinner and invite you to our flat. I will need to see with Neil about our availability and will call to see what time works for you…"     
Dinner? What nonsense was that?     
Damon couldn't believe that this shrimp was acting like he belonged here. Yes, there were cases of humans being marked which made them as almost-members of the pack, assuming Alpha allowed it.     
Damon would be an ass if he stood between fated mates. Talia would never forgive him.         
And yes, there were cases of same-sex couples, and it's not that Damon discriminated against gays, but Damon was allergic to Mario.     
Did Maddox take advantage of Damon's absence to dump Tatiana's irritating assistant here?     
Or maybe this was a joke. Surely, Maddox will jump out of somewhere with a camera in his hand, and they will laugh about it… someday. But no one else was nearby, and Damon had to accept the possibility it was real.     
Damon was thinking about kicking Mario and Neil all the way to the Blue Moon pack. Maybe they can come up with a program to exchange medical personnel. Damon managed to get rid of Nora and many others at Maddox's expense; surely, one Mario won't be a big challenge.      
'Damon?' Talia's voice sounded in Damon's head. 'I'm done.'     
'Coming,' Damon responded and rushed to Talia's room. He will deal with Mario later.     
Later that evening…     
Damon and Talia were in their bedroom, and Violet was sleeping in the bassinet. The nursery was set up in Damon's old room across the hall, but Talia wanted to keep a close eye on Violet, at least for a few days.     
Talia's maternal instincts were boosted by her paranoia and fear of abandonment. Whenever Violet was out of visual range, Talia was on the verge of panicking, and a baby monitor wouldn't help much.     
The day was over. It started on the beach, and they went to a different realm where they met Astraea and Valerian, and Violet was born, and they appeared in the Dark Howlers pack… checkups, congratulations, calls, and visits from friends and pack members… it was a long day.     
Talia spoke to Axel and Yasmin on the phone, sharing the good news. Yasmin and Axel said they would visit the next day. Yasmin knew that Talia was exhausted and that new parents would like some alone time.     
Now that the hectic day was over, Damon and Talia had time to process things.     
With the arrival of Violet, they were a family. A true family. That was something none of them had for a long time.     
"Will we be alright?" Talia asked Damon.     
"Of course, we will."     
"How can you be so certain?"     
Damon looked into Talia's eyes seriously. "I will do everything I can to keep you and Vi safe. You know that, right?"     
Talia nodded, and he added, "With your powers, who will dare to try harming us?"     
"There is always someone stronger," Talia said.     
"If such a person exists, and he dares to mess with us, you can use that necklace, and your mom will kick his ass."     
Talia looked at Damon dreamily. He was a powerful and willful Alpha, saying his mother-in-law would handle bullies.     
Talia placed her palm on his cheek. "You changed, Alpha Damon Blake."     
Damon leaned in her touch. "The Moon Goddess blessed me with a mate with whom I don't need to pretend I don't care, and I don't need to try carrying everything. You are my mate, my equal, and I am glad to know that if I slip, you will be there to pick me up. When we are together, I can be Damon. Just Damon."     
"I think this is the most romantic thing you ever said to me."     
Damon smiled smugly, and his eyes darted toward the bassinet where a baby was sleeping soundly.         
"How about we continue this conversation in bed?" Damon suggested.     
Talia nodded in agreement and glanced at Violet before wiggling out of Damon's embrace.     
Talia threw herself on the bed and scrunched her nose.     
"What's wrong?" Damon asked.     
"New bedsheets. New mattress." She knew that things were new because she messed up the previous ones with blood, but the lack of Damon's scent made it foreign and unpleasant. "It doesn't smell like you."     
Damon smiled slyly and started unbuttoning his shirt in slow motion. "We can fix that."     
The only thing that would stop Damon from getting his dose of Talia was if Talia said she was not in the mood.     
Travis assured them that Violet and Talia were in perfect condition, and Talia's emotions confirmed that sex was on.      
After a turbulent day, Damon and Talia craved physical intimacy to release tension and confirm they were together.     
Talia watched Damon undressing, and her brows came together in disapproval.     
"What?" Damon asked.     
"Why do you always rip my clothes, but when it comes to you, it's the opposite?"     
Damon chuckled. "That's because I am such a tease. I love to make you wait."     
"What if I decided to make you wait?"     
'Pak-pak-pak!'     
In less than a second, the remaining buttons popped as Damon yanked his shirt open. "I would never make you wait."     
Talia grinned as he crawled on the bed toward her.     
"You are lucky you are handsome."     
"And rich," Damon said matter-of-factly. "Don't forget my money. It's part of my charm."     
"I would love you even if you are dirt poor."     
"And that's why you are my mate." Damon's heart tightened, and he was unsure if those were his emotions or Talia's seeping into him through their mate bond.     
The truth was that he craved unconditional acceptance, just as she did. Actually, Damon wanted it more. Talia was the only one who told him it was alright to make mistakes and that he was forgiven... and she forgave him a lot.      
Even before he became the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, Damon needed to be strong, firm, confident, unyielding, resolute… always. No one questioned if he had those qualities. The image of undefeatable Alpha was wearing him down, and he wrapped himself in layers of ruthlessness to prevent himself from crumbling.     
With Talia, he could be himself. The more he revealed his vulnerability, the more she loved him, and little by little, Damon learned to love himself as well. Even the soft and not-so-cool sides of him.     
"Ahh…" A soft sigh escaped Talia's lips when Damon kissed his mark on her neck. "Is this OK? Vi is here."         
"She is sleeping." Damon's words splashed on Talia's neck. "We will be quiet."     
Before she could respond, his lips latched on his mark on her neck to suck her there, announcing a wild ride that kept them awake until late into the night.     
###Chapter 1023 Breastfeeding troubles
1023  Breastfeeding troubles 
It was late morning and Damon was sitting on the bed and staring at Talia who was breastfeeding Violet. 
Damon was wearing sweatpants. Normally, he wouldn't bother to put on clothes in the privacy of their bedroom, but now Violet was there, and he didn't want to show her things a little girl shouldn't see. 
Talia's legs and midsection were covered with a bedsheet and her upper body was exposed. 
The scene of two females on the bed was serene and heartwarming, but right then and there, the mighty Alpha went through all five stages of grief. 
Stage one: Denial. 
How could this be happening? 
Damon remembered all the good times he had with those buds in his mouth, and now there was another person suckling on them. 
Yes, it was a baby, and he shouldn't feel this negativity, but that was Talia, and she was his mate, only his, and this didn't seem right. 
The joy Talia felt during this process only made Damon more confused about this whole thing. How can someone else suckling on her breasts be joyful? 
Stage two: Anger. 
Those chubby fingers were holding onto Talia's boob! And there was even some kneading going on! The little snot was doing it on purpose to taunt him! 
He was aware Violet was his child, and that he and Talia were parents now, but the idea of anyone sticking close enough to Talia to put a part of her into his (or her) mouth was unacceptable! Babies were not an exception! 
Stage three: Bargaining. 
"Surely, there must be another way to feed the child," Damon whined. "Does she need to put my breast in her mouth?" 
"That's MY breast, Damon." 
He didn't see it that way. "You are mine, so everything yours is mine also, which makes both of those wonderful breasts MINE!" 
Talia couldn't believe how childish he was. She didn't want to pour oil on the fire, but she couldn't let him throw a tantrum. "What are you expecting me to do, Damon? Should we let her go hungry? Or make her a sandwich? Or how about we let her loose in the forest, so she hunts her meal?" 
"There is formula. I can buy some. The best one there is in the world. Violet won't be lacking anything. Or you can use one of those pump things to get milk out and we can feed her from the bottle." 
"Nonsense," Talia shot him down. "Why feed the baby other things when I can breastfeed her? And why pump and use gadgets when it can be done naturally? It would be different if I have a job and I'm not available, or there is no milk, but I am available and there is milk." 
Stage four: Depression. 
'You don't love me anymore. Now you have Vi and I'm not needed. We have a perfectly good nursery, but you don't want to put Vi there overnight. Am I supposed to sleep there? Am I getting kicked out?' 
Talia cocked an eyebrow at Damon. Why did he switch to talking through the mind link? 'You know I can hear that, right?' 
'I know. But Vi can't hear me.' 
'Why do you care if she will hear you?' 
'I don't want her to hate me. I love her, but this… is too much.' 
'She can feel your emotions and right now she is wondering why her father is not happy. She probably thinks I'm bullying you.' 
'Kitten. I know this is the way it should be, but I am not used to sharing things, and I definitely don't want to share you. Seeing you holding Vi and being happy makes me feel like I'm not needed.' 
He could feel Talia's emotions clearly. She enjoyed holding the baby against her chest, and the whole feeding experience made her happy. There was an ocean of love and care directed at Violet, but… What about Damon? 
Talia would snap at him and call him ridiculous, but his grief was genuine, and she knew that he needed comforting. "I will always need you, Damon. If anything, you will be needed more because both me and Vi will be relying on you. How about you come closer?" 
Stage five: Acceptance. 
Damon scooted closer and looked at Violet who was suckling on her mother's bosom with her eyes closed. 
"She is not taking me from you," Talia assured him. "I am feeding her. This is a chance for us to bond and learn about each other. Hold me, Damon." 
Damon sat next to Talia and wrapped his arm around her. 
Talia leaned on Damon and enjoyed the sparks that prickled her skin. Her mate was right there, and she was holding their child and life didn't get better than this. 
"There, there… we are a family," Talia said. "Everyone is needed, and everyone is welcome. Vi is so tiny now and she is relying on us. Before we know it, she will be walking and playing on her own, running around, and making us worry. As she grows, our relationship will evolve. She is little, but she is learning that her parents are here to provide for her." 
Damon didn't respond, so Talia decided to change the topic. "Do you think we could visit your parents today? I want them to see their grandchild." 
"We can go if you are up to it," Damon responded flatly. 
He couldn't think about anything other than a tiny person attached to Talia's breast. Everyone told him that once he sees his baby, he will be smitten and things will change and be fantastic, but this was not easy. 
Sure, he loved Violet. That was his pup. But seeing that Talia's attention (and boobs) were dedicated to someone else hit him hard. 
"It's OK, Damon," Talia said. "Whatever you are feeling, it is OK. Neither of us had an environment where we could learn to be parents. People express their emotions in different ways. Not everyone is a cuddler and not everyone is a sweet talker. If you are overwhelmed, it's perfectly fine to take a step back, release some steam, and then return." 
Damon realized that Talia was telling him to leave. "Don't chase me away." 
Talia smiled at the silly Alpha. "I am not chasing you away. I am only telling you that you have options." 
"I don't need them. The only option for me is to be with you," Damon said resolutely. 
"If you need a break, we can take it together. With the full packhouse, someone can keep an eye on Vi while we take a break." 
"If we need a break after only one night, it will make us appear incompetent," Damon grumbled. He didn't want to be away from Violet. He only wanted Violet to let go of Talia's boob. 
"Will you help me?" 
Damon snapped to look at Talia. "What do you need?" 
"Vi is sleeping. Can you put her in the bassinet?" 
Damon looked down to realize that Talia was right. Violet's eyes were closed, and her mouth loosely hung around Talia's areola. 
He jumped off the bed without making a sound and extended his hands for Talia to put Violet there. 
Gently, very gently, he lowered the little bun into the bassinet. He was proud of himself that she didn't wake up. 
'There, much better,' Damon said victoriously to Talia through their mind link. 'Vi had her cuddles, now is my turn.' 
Damon turned to Talia and his eyebrows shot up when he saw Talia sitting on the bed with her breasts exposed. Her left breast had some glistening moisture around the nipple, and Damon swallowed hard. 
"Come here," Talia called, and Damon obeyed. 
"I need your help." 
"With?" 
"Uhm… if you don't want to, you don't have to." 
Damon was curious. It's been a while since Talia was so bashful. "What is it?" 
"At the pack hospital, they told me that the best thing to increase milk production is to empty both breasts. So… can you help me?" 
"You want me to help you empty your breasts of milk?" Damon asked, confusion obvious on his face. 
"Vi had her meal and will sleep for a few hours. If you help me, there will be plenty of time for new milk to come in." Seeing that Damon didn't react, Talia said it outright. "Do you want to suck on my breasts? Please? It will be good for…" 
Talia stopped talking when Damon moved closer to her. He sniffed the sweetness that still lingered there and he would think it was from Violet's saliva if not for the strong scent of freesia. Was it possible that her milk smelled almost as good as the juices her pussy released? What about the taste? 
Damon licked her nipple and the citrusy sweetness exploded on his tongue. 
He looked up at Talia. "Are you sure?" 
Talia nodded. 
Without breaking eye contact, Damon put his lips around her areola and sucked reluctantly. 
"Ah…" A shaky breath escaped Talia's lips. 
The sparks of their bond made Talia's arousal swell and Damon sucked harder. Her milk was addictively sweet, and he stopped only to switch breasts. 
Damon gathered Talia against him with one hand, and his other worked on removing his sweatpants. His mate was needy, and he had no intention of letting her wait. 
Talia laced her fingers into his raven-black hair and allowed herself to be lost in the lust. 
She didn't lie. Nurses told her that emptying her breasts will be beneficial for milk production. They didn't say how she should accomplish it, but this seemed like a good way to go about it. Other than boosting her milk production, Damon was part of the process, and Talia hoped that he will be more enthusiastic about the next breastfeeding, knowing that his turn was next, followed by inevitable carnal pleasures they both craved for.
###Chapter 1024 Babies everywhere
1024  Babies everywhere 
Maddox was losing his patience. "How long do we need to wait for Damon and Talia?" 
Maddox and Tatiana were in the living room with Maya, Caden, and Ethan, who was sleeping in the stroller. 
Alpha and Luna of the Blue River pack showed courtesy of coming to meet Violet even though Damon and Talia didn't come to visit Ethan yet. They were waiting for more than an hour. Caden and Maya offered them a guestroom to relax while waiting, but Maddox refused. They came for a visit, not for a sleepover. 
Caden smiled awkwardly. "They were about to come down, but then Violet needed to be fed." 
"How long does one feeding last?" Maddox huffed. Something didn't feel right. 
"We don't know," Maya said. "The thing is that since Damon and Talia returned from their honeymoon with a child, other than doctor's visits, they don't leave their room." It's been more than a week now! 
Tatiana was worried. "Is something wrong with Talia or Violet?" 
"They are bonding with their child," Maya said. 
She didn't want to bring up the opulence of sex. If she told Maddox and Tatiana the most likely reason they were waiting for more than an hour was that their hosts were having sex, it might break their alliance and possibly start a war. 
It's not that Maya was eavesdropping on Damon and Talia to know what they were doing, but the light show blasting from their windows was impossible to miss at nighttime. They all knew that Damon and Talia would emit energy and light when they were together and happy, and every pack member could feel the effects to some degree. The energy she sensed only a few minutes ago was definitely the result of an orgasm. 
It's been a week, yet Damon and Talia barely glanced at the big nursery they prepared on the first floor of the packhouse. Petra was responsible for caring for the little ones with four other Omegas. They had soft floors and tactile toys that would light up and play music, and it was fantastic but empty. Several babies were yet to be born, and Damon and Talia held Violet hostage in their bedroom. 
The news of young Alpha Violet spread like wildfire. Everyone knew about her birth and wanted to see her; some out of respect, others out of curiosity, or to appease Damon and Talia. Caden and Maya had the task of rejecting guests, saying how it was still early and that they will tell them when Damon and Talia were able to receive people, but the unopened gifts continued filling up a bedroom on the second floor that now resembled storage. 
However, Maddox didn't take a no for an answer. 
Maddox said how one week was plenty of time to bond, and as the best friend, Maddox wanted to greet Damon's child. Under that stubborn friendship was the truth about Maddox wanting to rub in Damon's face who got an heir first. It was a big deal. 
"How is your pregnancy progressing?" Tatiana asked Maya. 
Maya's face lit up, and she put her hands on her stomach. "So far, so good. Doctor Travis says they are developing as expected." 
"That's good to hear." 
"How is Oliver?" Maya heard that Beta Oliver and his mate were also expecting a pup. 
"Things are fine." Tatiana looked at the stroller. "Ethan will have a lot of playmates." 
Before Tatiana could say more, they all turned to the door to see Talia, Damon, and Violet. She was so tiny that Damon had no problems holding sleeping Violet with one hand, and his other hand was on Talia's waist, ensuring she didn't leave the touching distance. 
"Sorry for making you wait," Damon said, but the smirk at the corners of his lips was a giveaway that he was not sorry. 
Maddox snorted. "What took you so long?" 
Damon's smile widened. "I was bonding with my child and my mate." 
Damon squeezed Talia's waist, and she could see the naughty images in her mind that Damon sent her. 
Talia poked Damon's ribs with her finger. "Why can't you have a normal conversation?" 
Talia shimmied out of Damon's hold and went to Tatiana to hug her. "It's good to see you, Tanya." 
"You look great," Tanya responded. "How was the honeymoon?" 
"So many things happened, but it was wonderful. I apologize we didn't come to visit. Things have been crazy. We will make it up to you. I promise. Let me see this handsome boy…" Talia and Tatiana went to the stroller where Ethan was sleeping, and they spoke in whispers between 'Ohs' and 'Ahs.' 
Maddox eyed Damon, who held Violet in his arms. 
"I would never assume mighty Alpha Damon could look good with a child as an accessory." 
Damon shrugged. "This is the future Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, my child, the product of my love. I am not ashamed to say she is mine. What about you? How can you allow your child to sleep in that hideous stroller while your hands are empty? Don't you want to bond with your child?" 
"My son is older. A lot can happen in a week." 
"Unless he learned to talk and walk, it won't count." 
Maddox was waiting for this. "You are saying that only because my son is older. One year or one hour. Older is older. He came first." 
Damon was irked, but he refused to show it. "Time doesn't mean anything. Let's see which one will be the first one to talk and walk." 
Maddox was up for the challenge. "You are on." 
"With me teaching her, Violet will be the best warrior around." 
Maya and Caden knew this was the beginning of bickering between the two Alphas. Damon and Maddox always tried to best each other in fighting, chasing women, drinking, and now in fatherhood. There was no cure for whatever Damon and Maddox had. 
Maya and Caden were about to make their exit when Caden paused. 
"Mindy is in the pack hospital. Baby is coming," Caden announced. 
Everyone stopped talking for a moment, and then they went out excitedly. The baby is coming! 
... 
A lot of people gathered in front of the pack hospital. The pack link allowed them to spread the news quickly. 
Mindy was the Beta with the Alpha bloodline, and Gideon was the Shaman of the Dark Howlers pack. Their baby was a big deal. 
The waiting room in the pack hospital was full. 
Other than Violet and Ethan, there were Damon, Talia, Maddox, Tatiana, Maya, Caden, James, Cornelia, Dawn, George, Zina, Owen, Keith, Arya, Liam, Amelia, Pierce, Daria, Caleb, and Trisha. Other people wanted to come, but when they saw all those high-ranking members, they decided to wait outside. 
Calvin, the reporter, didn't mind mingling if that meant getting another exclusive scoop, and he took plenty of photos of Violet and Ethan, who were both sleeping in Ethan's stroller. 
Travis and Olivia were in the delivery room with Mindy, Gideon, and two nurses, and they were sending updates every few minutes. 
The waiting room was noisy. 
Maddox was on the phone with his parents, and everyone else formed small groups and chatted over each other. The excitement was tangible. 
"Woah!" Petra exclaimed when she entered the waiting room with Erik and Zack behind her. "Now I know why no one else dares to come here." 
"Should we also wait outside?" Erik asked. 
"Nonsense!" Dawn exclaimed. Erik helped George manage members of the Frostcrest pack and the town they lived in, so they were close. "You deserve to be here," she assured the teens. "Find a seat and join our waiting game. We are taking bets on how long it will take for Lavender to be born. If you want to participate, talk to Zina." 
Zack quickly made his way to an unoccupied wide seat, and he patted a spot next to him while telling Petra, "Sit here. It might take a while." 
Petra glanced around. "Is it OK for us to sit?" They were surrounded by high-ranking members! 
Zack got his phone and waved at Petra to come. "I've got this information, and I need your input. Sounds important." 
Petra's eyes lit up at the mention of work, and she squeezed into the seat next to Zack. 
By now, everyone with working eyes saw that Zack was extra caring toward Petra and was trying to get close to her whenever possible. And they could also see the blush on Petra's cheeks, but it seemed that the girl was still oblivious that she was sitting next to her mate. 
00:23 
Petra recently had her sixteenth birthday, and unless Petra gets some boost to her wolf, Zack will seemed that the girl was still oblivious that she was sitting next to her mate. 
Petra recently had her sixteenth birthday, and unless Petra gets some boost to her wolf, Zack will need to wait two years until she realizes what's going on. 
'Why don't you tell her?' Maya's voice sounded in Zack's head. 
Zack was unsure what Maya was talking about. 'Tell her, what?' 
'That the girl next to you is your mate.' 
'Petra is traumatized by what happened to her sister,' Zack responded to Maya without removing his gaze from Petra. 'I will prove my sincerity by showing that I can wait until she is ready.' 
'What if she decides to date another guy?' Maya asked. 
Zack's jaw tightened. 'That won't happen. Erik knows, and he won't allow any guy close to my mate.' 
Maya didn't want to say more. Was it OK to keep secrets? Absolutely not. But everyone knew the story about Petra's sister whose mate approached her too soon, and she was not ready. By the time she could feel the bond, it was too late, and it crippled her. 
Maya took a mental note to talk to James about the effects of boosting one's wolf. Could they do the same for Petra?
###Chapter 1025: Lavender
Chapter 1025: Lavender
"My dear!" A shriek was heard down the hallway, and a skinny guy bolted toward Tatiana.         
"Aw!" Mario cried when he bumped into Maddox's arm, which was extended one step in front of Tatiana, preventing Mario from getting closer. And it's not that Maddox just blocked him, but he also pushed him away.     
Mario stumbled backward and then fell on his butt.     
Tatiana was too shocked to react. She knew that a guy from the Dark Howlers pack identified Mario as his mate and that Mario was here, but she didn't expect him out of nowhere. Didn't she tell him not to make sudden movements around Maddox? And how did he call her?     
Maddox stood in front of her like an impenetrable wall, and she could feel the power radiating from him. Since they mated, Maddox became stronger and faster, and her song gave him an additional boost. Tatiana liked it.     
Maddox puffed his chest proudly when he sensed Tatiana's approval. He was domineering and possessive, and she liked it!     
"Was that necessary?" Mario grumbled at Maddox while getting up.     
Maddox cocked an eyebrow in disapproval. "Tanya is not your dear. She is not your anything. That is MY mate and MY Luna, and you will show her the respect she deserves, or I will end your miserable existence."     
Damon grimaced. He forgot about Mario, but he wouldn't mind if Maddox ended him. Or at least he could take Mario to the Blue River pack. Damon didn't care what happened to that shrimp as long as he was out of the Dark Howlers pack.     
Almost everyone turned to look down the hallway as Doctor Travis sent the mind link that the baby was born. It happened.     
Lavender was a healthy baby girl with a mother who had an Alpha bloodline and the boon of a Beta, and a Shaman for a father. No one could predict what lays in Lavender's future, but they guessed it would be something impressive.     
'She is powerful,' Liseli spoke in Talia's mind while inspecting the energies radiating from the delivery room.     
'Is that unusual?' Talia asked.     
'The abilities tend to diminish from one generation to the next one. However, Valeria, Edgar, Ethan, Violet, and now Lavender have immense potential. It's almost like they took the best of both parents and are stronger. If it's one or two out of five children, we might think it's accidental, but this is five out of five. It seems that the future of our society will be bright.'     
Talia liked this. There was a danger of children straying off the right path and wreaking havoc, but their parents were close friends, and Talia felt they would help each other and things will be alright.     
While thinking about predictions for the future, Talia remembered one thing. "Where is Cassandra?"     
Maya responded. "Since you went on vacation, she has been staying in the Silver Flame Castle, and we didn't see her."     
Talia remembered that she had approved Cassandra's request for access to the library of the Guardians.     
"Is she so devoted to her research?" Talia guessed.      
Maya bobbed her head. "She is devoted, alright. But not to research."     
"What do you mean?" It was Damon who asked. If Cassandra was scheming something, he was ready to end her. Declyn said he would keep an eye on the Oracle, but he was unreliable.     
Maya smiled slyly. "Cassandra found her mate. It is one of the Guardians." Seeing both Damon and Talia frowning, Maya raised her hands defensively. "He didn't collaborate with Gregory. I believe his name is Marco. He stayed neutral and even helped the witches settle down there. When Cassandra showed up, they stared at each other and then… you know. It seems he is her second chance mate."     
Damon was unsure what to think about this, but he was uneasy. "Cassandra got her second chance mate? A Guardian?"     
Caden stepped in to say, "Gideon has a theory. Since Cassandra had her ability, she met her fated mate. The guy probably marked her and perished before her heat. That's how Cassandra lost the mark, has no children, and no mate. Fated mates anchor each other. They seem to be enjoying the intimacy, and that means they are less likely to rebel."     
Talia leaned on Damon. "A union between a she-wolf and a Guardian. That's a good thing. Let's consider it a sign of different creatures coming together." She pointed at Mario, who was sulking while Tatiana was comforting him. "Even humans are here."     
Damon grimaced. "If this is how humans are normally, I will skip on the humans." He turned to Maddox. "You take him."         
Maddox couldn't believe this. "Take him, where?"     
"To your pack. Isn't he Tanya's assistant? With Ethan's arrival, Tanya is busy, and she needs her capable assistant, so her work doesn't suffer."     
Maddox sneered. "He can work remotely. Don't tell me you will separate mates?"     
"His mate can go to your pack also."     
"What would people say if they knew how easily you relinquish your pack members?"     
"They will understand that I care about your Luna's business and don't want to separate mates."     
Maddox was outraged. How could Damon lie with a straight face? Before he could say anything, Tatiana tugged his hand with, "Our niece was born. Shouldn't we go and visit her? We are her only family present."     
Maddox glared at Damon. "Did you hear that? My sister gave birth to a pup. Should I take them to my pack?"     
Damon smiled smugly. "You are welcome to try, but I don't think your sister would leave my pack. This place has everything Mindy needs, and instead of labeling her as Alpha's sister, she has her own title."     
Tatiana looked helplessly at two Alphas bickering, and then she saw that Talia was smiling.     
"Are you enjoying the show?" Tatiana asked Talia.     
"What show?"     
"Our mates acting like children."     
Talia's smile widened. "Yes. Damon and Max acting like children means there are no problems. When facing a crisis, Damon and Max deal with issues seriously. They are relaxed like this when life is good, and right now, life is good."     
Tatiana had to agree with this. Normally, Maddox was serious and thinking about the pack. With her, in private, he would be goofy and lusty, but with Damon, he would turn into an unreasonable teenager.     
"Let's go and welcome Lavender," Talia said while hooking her arm with Tatiana's. "Mindy is your sister-in-law, and she is my Beta. We deserve to be there first. Guys can join us when they stop their spat."     
Maddox's eyes flashed, and he wanted to say how he should be first because Mindy is his sister, but two females were walking already, and he didn't want to go against his strawberry-infused goddess. Maddox grabbed the stroller where Ethan and Violet were sleeping, and he and Damon were one step behind their women.     
Once Mindy and Lavender were cleaned up, they moved them to a large VIP room, knowing they would have many visitors.     
Lavender was expertly swaddled in a way that exposed only her head with small patches of brown hair.      
Everyone went to see the baby and check on the new parents, and the room quickly became crowded and noisy.     
The Dark Howlers pack respected Gideon and Mindy was his mate and their Beta. Normal members didn't dare go inside, but Elders came to congratulate their Shaman and to wish his family all the best.     
Yasmin and Axel also came because they heard that Damon and Talia had stepped out with Violet, and they brought the twins.     
Talia felt guilty when she saw how happy Yasmin and Axel were. They spoke on the phone several times, but between breastfeeding Violet (and Damon), she didn't have time to entertain guests. Luckily, Axel and Yasmin didn't mention Talia's negligence.     
Damon looked at five babies. He thought about how Maddox had a baby before him, and he forgot about Edgar and Valeria.     
'That's it!' Damon said to Talia through their mind link.         
Talia was confused. 'That's what?'     
'I decided. With your next heat, we will have twins. Or even better, triplets.' In that way, he will have the most kids out of all people here.     
'You can't plan for that.'     
'I can fill you with my seed until three catch on.'     
Talia giggled at his silly logic. He was looking at the babies, like Edgar, Valeria, and Ethan were enemies because they were older than Violet, and she wondered how Damon will react when he remembers that Ashton was also in the picture. It was obvious that Damon totally forgot about the young Alpha of the Spring Leaf pack.     
Talia wrapped her arms around Damon's neck. 'One by one is fine, Damon,' she said, and she sent him some racy mental images from Maddox's cabin they wrecked during her heat.     
Damon released a low growl while gathering Talia against him. When he thought about that non-stop sex, he didn't mind one by one. It was so good that even his cock was about to give up from all the activity, but then Talia healed him with her saliva. Yup. He could do that again, gladly. Anytime.     
Maya looked at the babies, and she leaned into Caden's embrace. "I can't wait for our pups to be born."     
Olivia was lost in Travis' arms, James was holding Cornelia, Owen hugged Zina, George held Dawn, everyone was lovey-dovey and emotional.     
Tatiana gave Mindy tips on babies, and Gideon kissed Mindy's forehead while excusing himself. "The nurses cleaned you up, but I could use a change of clothes." He was sweaty, and there was blood and amniotic fluid on his t-shirt and pants.     
###Chapter 1026: Breastfeeding Alpha
Chapter 1026: Breastfeeding Alpha
"Are you going home to change?" Mindy asked Gideon.         
"Only if I have to," Gideon responded. "I will ask nurses if they have something handy I could use. If they don't, I will come as fast as I can."     
"Don't worry, we won't leave her alone," Tatiana assured him.     
Gideon exited the crowded room and paused in the hallway to take a deep breath. The last few hours were stressful, and now the room was full, and he needed a breather for the reality to sink in: he was a father!     
Gideon spent a long time on his own, and then Mindy entered his life, and a few blissful months later, he became a father. It was surreal.     
His baby girl was perfect, and he couldn't wait to spend more time with her. But first, a change of clothes. Where did all the nurses go?     
In the VIP room, Mindy was holding Lavender, and females surrounded her hospital bed.     
"When is it OK for me to stand up?" Mindy asked Travis. She didn't want to stay in bed and look like a sick person.     
"If you feel up to it, go ahead," Travis said. "Just start slowly."     
Mindy loved company and her girlfriends, but what she really wanted was to go home and spend time with only Lavender and Gideon.     
This whole thing was draining and emotional, and she needed cuddles and comfort from her mate.     
Mindy was determined to show Gideon she was fine when he returned, so they can leave.     
"Are you sure she is fine to walk around already?" Maya asked Travis.     
Travis confirmed. "Even human females can walk immediately after the delivery. Mindy is a Beta with a bloodline of an Alpha. Her bleeding is already minimal, and I expect it will stop completely by tonight." He turned to Mindy. "But listen to your body. If you feel discomfort, take it easy."     
Mindy was happy to hear this. Before people came to meet the baby, nurses showed Mindy how to breastfeed the baby, and Gideon changed Lavender's diaper. They were ready for parenthood.     
Cornelia grimaced, and James was right next to her. "What's going on?"     
"I think I need a checkup," Cornelia said while holding onto her belly.     
Talia smiled, "You better ask for a delivery room. Your baby is coming."     
"This is fantastic!" Dawn exclaimed. "Your babies will share a birthday."     
James paled when he realized what was going on. "Baby is coming. Baby is coming! BABY IS COMING!"     
Cornelia swatted his arm. "Why are you yelling?"     
"WHO IS YELLING!?" James shouted to the amusement of everyone in the room.     
Cornelia cupped his cheeks. "Calm down, Jay. I will be alright. Everything will be alright."     
Without warning, James scooped Cornelia into his arms and turned to Travis. "My mate is about to give birth to our child. Why are you just standing there? Lead the way!"     
Travis bowed respectfully. "Yes, Gamma James. Please, come this way."     
James, Cornelia, Travis, and Olivia left the room, and Liam, Amelia, Caleb, and Trisha went after them.         
'PAK!'     
Erik clapped loudly. "Who is in for placing bets if the child will be male or female?"     
Maddox was first to respond. "Put me in. Fifty bucks on a boy."     
"Fifty?" Damon asked mockingly. "Put me in for a hundred. A girl."     
Maddox narrowed his eyes at Damon. "I changed my mind. Make that two hundred for a boy."     
"Five hundred," Damon said with a smirk.     
Talia and Tatiana exchanged helpless gazes. Those two will never grow up.     
'Stop them!' Talia said to Caden through the mind link.     
Caden made a face. Maddox and Damon crossed a thousand dollars already. How can he stop them?     
"Leave something for others!" Caden exclaimed and turned to Erik. "I bet fifty bucks it's a boy."     
Keith, Arya, and Pierce also joined to place bets, putting a pause on the costly bickering between two Alphas.     
"It seems your daycare will start operating soon," Maya said to Petra. "Are you ready?"     
"Yes, yes," Petra confirmed enthusiastically.     
Maya gestured toward Edgar and Valeria. "Maybe Axel and Yasmin will be willing to let their kids play there under your supervision. It will be good practice for when infants come. And also, for your pups."     
Petra's eyes widened. "My pups?" She recently turned sixteen years old and having her own pups seemed like something that would happen in the distant future.     
Petra didn't notice Zack shifting in his place as he had his hands in his pants pockets.     
Just thinking about Petra's pups made him hard. Those would be his pups also. Will he be able to wait for two years? At first, he was determined to go through with it, but with every passing day, Zack realized that the difficulty level was increasing.     
"Are you alright?"     
Zack jolted when he saw how close Petra was to him. Could she feel his emotions? Didn't that mean she could feel their bond to some degree? Or was he just that transparent?     
He told himself to be cool. "I am fine. Why?"     
"I was wondering if you want to join me to ensure the nursery is…"     
"Yes," Zack said before Petra could finish her sentence. He would join her anywhere, anytime. Even if she didn't ask, he would follow her.     
Petra smiled and turned to Erik. "What about you?"     
Erik waved at Petra and Zack to go ahead. "I'm in charge of bets here."     
Zack's mood soared. It will be just him and Petra! At the same time, he knew that privacy would come with his wolf craving intimacy, and that would be hard to deny him. Again.         
Damon's eyes perked up as he heard Violet stirring.     
"Kitten!" Damon called excitedly. "Vi is hungry. Should I ask for a free room so we can breastfeed her?"     
Talia hid a burst of incoming laughter behind a cough. How much more shameless can Damon get? "Sure."     
Maddox frowned in confusion. "Why are YOU going to breastfeed your daughter?"     
Instead of responding, Damon scooped Violet out of the stroller, opened the door for Talia, and the three of them left.     
Maddox couldn't believe this! Damon ignored him, just like that.     
Seeing that Caden shook his head, Maddox realized that Damon's Beta knew something.     
"Is Damon the one breastfeeding the baby?"     
"Not really," Caden responded.     
"Explain," Maddox demanded.     
Caden scratched the back of his head. "The doctor told Talia that she would have more milk if she regularly emptied her breasts after feeding Violet. Damon is helping her with that."     
Maddox didn't get it. "Helping her? How?"     
"When the baby eats, she takes how much she needs. Damon takes the rest," Caden explained.     
It took a few long moments for Maddox to realize what Caden was talking about.     
The idea of him drinking Tatiana's milk was repulsive and arousing at the same time, but then… he imagined Tatiana lying naked and him suckling on her breasts… her scent, her flavors, the sparks of their bond… and Maddox was on the verge of snapping.     
"Tanya," Maddox called. "I think that Ethan will be hungry soon. How about we find some privacy for you to feed him?" And he wanted to empty her breasts after that… and then sex.     
Tatiana was not sure from where that came. Why was Maddox so eager about Ethan's feeding? And why was he horny? She could feel him through their mate bond.      
Mindy shook her head when Maddox and Tatiana left the room with the stroller where Ethan was sleeping. Mindy was happy for her brother. It's been months, yet she was still amazed to see Maddox smitten with his mate. Her promiscuous brother, who would jump on any female as long as she was willing, was now interested in only one. It was like a miracle.     
Little by little, people were trickling out of the room, and Mindy wondered where Gideon was. Even if he went home to change, he should be back by now.     
Gideon saw the crowd gathered outside the pack hospital, so he used the back exit to leave. If he didn't sneak in, people would delay him with questions and congratulations, and he wanted to return to his pumpkin-infused princess as soon as possible.     
Gideon was almost at his destination when he saw a familiar figure in the hallway on the second floor.     
"Gidi," Nina called. "I hear you are a father now. Congratulations."     
"Thank you, Nina. Are you visiting someone?"     
"You could say that," she responded ambiguously. "How is your mate?"     
"Mindy is doing well. Thank you for asking."         
Nina stepped closer. "Are you sure?"     
"What do you mean?"     
"I mean…" Nina put her index finger on Gideon's chest. "Your young mate was impulsive before. I can't imagine how hormones are impacting her temper. It must be horrible to live while walking on eggshells."     
Gideon didn't want to talk about Mindy with others. Was she temperamental? Yes. Did her pregnancy make it worse? Absolutely! But that was because she was carrying his child, and Gideon would adore Mindy regardless of her temper.     
Why was Nina talking smack about Mindy? Was it possible that she was still pinning on him?     
He pushed Nina's offensive fingers away from his chest. "As I said. Mindy is fine."     
Nina's smile didn't falter. "Suit yourself. But know that when you feel enough of her tantrums, I will be waiting…"     
Nina groaned, and she fell to her knees.     
Gideon gaped at her while wondering what had happened. "Nina?"     
"Are you worried about her?"     
Gideon raised his head in slow motion to see Mindy standing there with her arms crossed over her chest. Only then Gideon realized why Nina was on the ground. Mindy used her aura, but Gideon was spared because they were mates.     
Gideon stepped around Nina and hugged Mindy, who stood ramrod straight, refusing to relax on him.     
"How are you feeling?" Gideon asked Mindy. "Did Doctor say you are OK to walk?"     
Mindy glared at him. "Would you prefer I stay in the room so you can see your ex-lover?"     
Gideon exhaled helplessly. He was happy, and he didn't think much about a chat with Nina, but Nina had other ideas, and Mindy saw them, and she was upset.     
"You know I will never look at any other woman, princess," Gideon said with all sincerity in the world. "It doesn't matter if you are here, in the room, or on another continent. For me, there is only you. Nina, or any other woman, don't stand a chance."     
Mindy glared at Nina, who was still stuck to the floor, now sweating profusely.     
"Did you hear that, Nina?" Mindy squeezed through her teeth. "He will never, NEVER, look at you!"     
Nina cried as her face was plastered to the ground.     
"Next time you want to get close to MY mate, remember this, you bitch!" Mindy said angrily.     
She exhaled sharply and leaned on Gideon, who was still hugging her.     
"Let's go home."     
Gideon had no ions. "Do you want me to carry you?"     
How could Mindy refuse that offer? "Yes, please."     
Nina cried ugly while watching Gideon carry Mindy until they took a turn at the corner, and she couldn't see them anymore.         
###Chapter 1027: Young Alpha Violet (1)
Chapter 1027: Young Alpha Violet (1)
'Mom, wait up!' Talia heard her daughter's voice in her head through their pack link. It was the only way to communicate in wolf form.          
Talia paused in a small clearing.     
Talia turned to see a golden wolf emerging from the dense bushes and walking toward her, slower with every next step.     
Violet struggled to breathe, and her tongue was sticking out of her maw. 'Why can't we slow down a bit? My fur is full of burdocks and things I don't want to think about.'     
The white wolf tilted her head at her teenage daughter. 'Do you think your brothers will slow down? Do you think they will care about appearances? If you want them to respect you, you need to be faster and stronger than they are.'     
'But I am faster and stronger!'     
'Without magic, Vi,' Talia reminded her. 'This is all part of your training. If you want to lead a pack…' Talia's voice trailed when she saw that Violet's icy-blue eyes were silver now.     
'Breathe, Vi. Control it.'     
Violet's fur was changing into white from the glow, and she slumped on the ground.     
'Turn into human form. It will be easier,' Talia advised her. The wolf form was boosting their connection with nature and their powers.     
The enchantment Astraea did on Violet when she was born was weakening for a while now, and Violet's abilities were flaring when her emotions were unstable. Considering that Violet was thirteen years old and was an emotional teen, this happened often.     
Violet could use her abilities at will, but when emotionally compromised, things became hectic.     
A teenage girl with long black hair curled up in her mother's lap while spasming.     
Talia held Violet to her chest and rocked her gently.     
"It hurts," Violet cried.     
"Only because you are suppressing it."     
"But you said…"     
"I said to control it, not fight it. Breathe. Feel the energies. Let them flow through you. Embrace it…"     
"What if I hurt you?"     
Talia smiled at her daughter. Violet's first surge of energy happened when she was ten years old. At that time, she blasted everything in the playroom. Toys, furniture, and her brothers were flying in all directions. That event caused mental damage, and Violet was more scared than curious about her abilities.     
"You can't hurt me, Vi. But even if you do, I heal quickly. Focus on yourself. That's what counts." Talia glanced to the side. "Your father and brothers are coming."     
Violet pulled her hair over her face with a shaky hand. "I don't want them to see me like this."     
"They won't mock you. They are worried for you. We all are."     
Rustling was heard from the left, and a tall pre-teen with a head full of copper-colored hair emerged.     
"Is Vi at it again?" He asked while inspecting the surroundings with his icy-blue eyes. Jacob was eleven years old and already the best tracker in the pack.     
"Come here, Jacob," Talia called. "Vi could use our support."         
Two dark bullets emerged from the bushes and dashed past Jacob, straight for Talia and Violet. When they were a few steps away, they turned into their human form. Those were two nine years-old boys, Logan and Zeke.     
Logan and Zeke learned to turn into wolf forms only a few months back, and since then, they have been experimenting.      
"How is Vi?" A deep male voice full of concern was heard before Damon emerged from the bushes. He was holding a boy in his hands. It was their son, Gabriel. Gabriel was five years old, and too young to shift into his wolf form.     
Gabriel loved sitting on his father to catch a ride, but Damon hated that the boy would use his ears like reins. Damon would come up with excuses to carry Gabriel around as a human, even though it was slower.     
Damon and Talia had five kids, aged from twelve to five years old, and they were all close as a family.      
Damon wanted more kids, and Talia was unsure if that was due to his love of children or because he enjoyed breastfeeding. Damon would help her empty her breasts after every feeding, which would be foreplay for several hours of passion.     
It's not that Talia didn't enjoy endless carnal pleasures with Damon, but the kids were growing up, and it was not acceptable for Talia and Damon to spend days (weeks!?) locked in their room, breastfeeding and having sex.     
Damon was an amazing father, and he was involved in caring for each of them even though they had a lot of help.      
The packhouse had designated areas for toddlers and for older kids. Petra and Zack were in charge of the youngsters' schedules and keeping everything in order.     
Maya and Caden would take them hiking once per week, and George and Owen were organizing combat training. Gideon and Cornelia taught them about nature and potions, Zina and Dawn about cooking, James had classes about strategizing, and Mindy about finances. Everyone had a role.      
Damon and the four boys made a circle around Talia and Violet and observed them with concern.     
'Can they leave?' Violet asked Talia through their pack link. 'This is embarrassing.'     
"There is nothing embarrassing about this," Damon grumbled. He didn't want to hide that he overheard what was supposed to be only for Talia. "We are your family, and we are in this together."     
Violet hid her face in Talia's hair. "Easy for you to say because you are not the one making a fool of yourself."     
Damon frowned at Violet. "You are learning to control your ability. Everyone struggles at the beginning. That's normal. If you pay more attention to what's happening than to appearances, you will be more successful."     
Before Violet could respond, Jacob shouted, "Who goes there!?"     
They all turned in the direction where Jacob was looking, and they saw a figure with a head full of black hair emerging into the view.     
"It's me," young Alpha Ethan of the Blue River pack said.     
He was wearing only sweatpants. Ethan was tall for a thirteen years-old boy, and his physique was changing to show muscles. He was not a skinny boy anymore, and he could pass for a seventeen years-old easily.     
Mindy said that Maddox also had that awkward stage where he grew first to resemble a stick figure, and then he filled up with muscles by the time he was sixteen.     
"Why are you here?" Logan and Zeke asked Ethan in unison. The twins would often complete their sentences or say the same thing simultaneously, like now.     
Ethan raised his hands. "Why the hostility? My parents are in the packhouse, waiting. Zina told me you went for a run, and I thought of stretching my paws."     
"Is it already lunchtime?" Talia asked.     
"Not yet, Aunt Talia. We came a bit early. My parents would come for a run as well, but since my mom is pregnant, she can't shift, and dad stayed with her and my siblings. If I knew I was intruding…"     
"You are not intruding, Ethan," Talia said quickly. "It's just that Vi is in a delicate situation, so we are tense."         
Two pieces of clothing flew at Talia and hit her in the shoulder.     
"Put these on," Damon said sourly to Talia and glared at Ethan. "You! Turn around before I gauge your eyes out."     
Only then Talia realized that she and Violet were naked. Well, Jacob and the twins were naked also, and being a werewolf, nudity was not a big deal, but Damon was super-protective of Talia and Violet.     
---     
Images of Violet and Ethan are in the comments.      
###Chapter 1028: Young Alpha Violet (2)
Chapter 1028: Young Alpha Violet (2)
"Help me, mom," Violet whispered. "I don't want Ethan to see me like this."         
"There is nothing wrong with you, Vi," Talia responded.     
Violet pouted. "I am ugly. I can't wait to be more than a skinny girl." She threw a shy glance at Ethan, relieved to see that his back was facing her. But it was a muscular back. Weren't they the same age? Why was Ethan looking like a man, and she was still a child?     
Ethan and Violet grew up together, and everything was competition. Growing up included.     
Talia smiled helplessly at her daughter and helped Violet put on an oversized t-shirt that looked like a baggy minidress on her.     
Talia pulled a t-shirt over her head and saw that Damon's hostility toward Ethan didn't subside.     
'He is just a child, Damon,' Talia reminded him through their mind link.     
'A child!?' Damon was outraged. 'He is a teenager! This is when they start to develop thoughts and… erections!'     
Talia hid her laughter behind a cough. Damon was serious, but it was funny.     
'Let's focus on what's important. Violet is in distress,' Talia said, and Damon nodded in approval, but he was still glaring at Ethan.     
Talia looked at Violet, who was still sticking to her and obviously hiding from Ethan.     
Violet confided in Talia about her insecurities. Violet saw more mature girls coming onto Ethan, and Violet was dejected because she couldn't compare to them. Violet disliked older girls who tried to seduce Ethan, and she especially hated the twelve-thirteen years old girls who had breasts and butts that bounced!      
They were at the age where it was normal for Alphas to start dating, and even though Ethan didn't date anyone officially (yet), it was only a matter of time.     
Why would Ethan suppress his licentious nature and refuse a free meal when so many girls were throwing themselves at him?     
Violet was confident that if Ethan finds himself a girlfriend, she will be left behind, utterly defeated, in every way possible. She felt like crying. What was the point of powers and background if she lacked in every other aspect?     
"Mommy!" Gabriel exclaimed. "Vi is doing it again!"     
They all looked toward the teen girl to see that she was completely enshrouded in white light.     
"Breathe, Vi. Focus on something positive. Think happy thoughts," Talia said.     
"Aunt Talia. Can I?" Ethan asked while walking toward Violet, and Talia waved at him to go ahead.     
In two long steps, Ethan was in front of Violet, and he wrapped his arms around her.     
Talia quickly blocked Damon because his eyes turned pitch black, and his killing intent was tangible.     
'Let him try to soothe her anxiety,' Talia said to Damon through their mind link.     
'He can do that without touching her!'     
'They are best friends, Damon. Vi needs to rely on her peers. She is growing up, and we won't be there to support her all the time. Ethan is a good boy.'     
Damon knew Talia had a point, but that was his precious daughter, and that lecherous boy was hugging her!     
"Keep your hands on her back and above her waist!" Damon growled at Ethan.         
"Calm down, Vi…" Ethan spoke into her white hair.     
"Ethan, don't… I can hurt you."     
"I won't let go even if you do," he responded stubbornly.      
"Why are you doing this?"     
"I came for lunch, and after that, we will go swimming in the lake. Didn't you promise to teach me how to jump down the waterfall?"     
Violet looked up at him, and her eyes were flickering back to their usual blues.     
"That's it, Vi," Ethan grinned, proud to see that she was calming down. "You know that whenever I come here, it's so that we can spend time together. I don't care about others. That's why you better think about all the promises you made. If you break them, I will be upset."     
"And I promise to break your legs if you don't let go of my daughter this instant!" Damon shouted irritably.     
Ethan felt Damon's aura prickling his back like thousand needles, and he knew Damon was serious.     
"Are you alright now?" Ethan asked Violet.     
Violet was moved. She knew what her father was doing. "How can you think about me at this moment?"     
His smile was crooked due to the pain he endured. "How can I not think about you? Aren't we best friends?"     
Violet's face stiffened. "Right. Friends." She pushed him away. "Well, thank you, friend. It's good to know I have a friend like you. Aren't I the lucky one?" Her chin quivered, and she looked like she was on the verge of crying.     
Violet turned on her heel, and the baggy t-shirt exploded as a golden wolf emerged and dashed into the foliage.     
Ethan was glad that the pain due to Damon's aura subsided, but he was confused about this development. He rubbed the back of his head. "Did I do something to upset her?"     
He was about to go after her, but Damon's hand landed on his shoulder, and he squeezed with more force than necessary. "You did plenty. Next time, less touching."     
"Yes, Uncle Damon," Ethan said obediently. He had a feeling that if he didn't submit, he could say goodbye to his shoulder. Sure, he will heal, but it will take days, and it hurts like hell.     
Jacob stood in front of Ethan and crossed his arms over his chest. "You should stay away from my sister. Don't you see you made her upset?"     
"Right!" Logan and Zeke shouted in unison and stood by Jacob in similar positions.     
"Aw!" Ethan exclaimed when Gabriel kicked him in the shin.     
"This is for making my big sis cry," Gabriel's threat sounded adorable because of his childish voice.     
Damon smirked proudly at his sons. They understood that Ethan was a no-good guy.     
Ethan could see that everyone was angry, so he turned to Talia, silently asking for help.     
Talia shook her head, indicating that he was on her own. "I will go after Vi. Let's meet at the packhouse."     
"Aunt Talia!" Ethan cried. "Can I go with you?"         
"Why would you go with women when you can enjoy the company of men?" Damon asked while pushing Ethan to move. "Didn't you hear what my mate said? We will meet at the packhouse."     
Gabriel quickly climbed into Damon's arms with an agility of a monkey.     
With that, six males started walking toward the packhouse.     
Correction: five males walked, and the sixth one was carried.      
…     
Talia found Violet sitting on a rock next to the river with her face hidden in her knees.     
"I don't want to talk about it," Violet said without raising her head.     
"That's fine," Talia said. "You don't need to talk."     
"Will you talk?"     
"If you want me to stay quiet, I will," Talia said and sat on the rock next to Violet.     
"Are all boys so dense?" Violet asked.     
"Yes."     
Violet turned to look at Talia. "What about dad?"     
"Your father is an amazing Alpha and father. But when it came to romancing… his track record is not the best."     
"But he adores you."     
"He does," Talia confirmed with a smile. "All males are dense until they recognize their mates. And even then, it takes them time to accept and adjust."     
"Why?"     
"A strong werewolf is a hunter. He needs to conquer and dominate. Finding out that his future is tied to only one female he will obey is unsettling, no matter how right it feels. Some males embrace the bond, and some try to fight it."     
"Which one was dad?"     
Talia thought many times about how she would explain her early days with Damon. She didn't want to make him a bad guy, but she didn't want to paint a flowery picture either. "When we met, my wolf was weak, and I couldn't feel the bond. Your father had many enemies, and he wanted to protect me. Since I didn't know we were mates, I didn't understand what he was trying to do, and it caused misunderstandings."     
"He could have told you that you are mates."     
"He could, but he chose not to."     
"Do you resent him for it?"     
"How could I resent him? He is my other half. Resenting him would be resenting myself. The Moon Goddess gives us trials that will make us stronger and prepare us for what's coming. If my relationship with Damon had been smooth from the beginning, I am confident we would fail later. Every hardship we endured was confirmation that we belong together." Talia pushed a lock of raven-black hair behind Violet's ear. "I know it sounds unrealistic, but once you find your mate, you will confirm it for yourself. In less than five years, you will be able to sense him."     
###Chapter 1029: Young Alpha Violet (3)
Chapter 1029: Young Alpha Violet (3)
Violet looked at her mother eagerly. "You can feel the energies better than anyone."         
Talia was unsure where Violet was going with this. "So?"     
"Can you feel the mate bond between others?"     
"I can."     
"Do you feel mine?"     
Talia didn't want to lie. That was one thing she never did. "I do."     
Violet's eyes widened in anticipation. "Who is it?"     
"Do you really want to know?"     
"Yes!" Violet responded without missing a beat.     
"Think about it, Vi. What if he can't feel it?"     
Violet's eyes widened. "My mate can't feel the bond? Does that mean he is also underage?"     
Talia raised her hand. "That's not what I said."     
"What did you say?"     
"If your mate can feel the bond, he decided not to tell you. If he can't feel the bond, it means he is not ready. Think about it, Vi. How will your life be in the next five years, knowing and watching him with other females?"     
Violet was not willing to give up easily. "First of all, no one said it needs to be five years. Didn't you tell me that Uncle James could feel his bond at sixteen years old? What is to say that I can't feel it at fifteen or fourteen? And second, I would tell my mate about our bond. He wouldn't go with other females if he knew I was the one."     
"If you find out who your mate is, you won't be able to look at any other guy."     
"But I won't give myself to any man other than my mate. Father said it would spoil my abilities."     
'Spoiling abilities, my foot!', Liseli grumbled in Talia's head. 'She is just like you. The blood of a Goddess is strong in her, and having sex with one or fifty men won't dilute it!'     
'Let's not talk about my thirteen years old daughter having sex with fifty men,' Talia responded stiffly. She didn't want to think about it. Violet was her baby, and sex with even one guy was one too many.     
"This is not about your body, Vi," Talia said. "It's about having crushes and going on dates. Kissing, hugging, holding hands, butterflies in your stomach that make you feel like you are floating. If you know who your mate is, you will deprive yourself of experiences a normal teenage girl has."     
"But I am not normal," Violet said. "I am set to lead the largest coalition of werewolf packs that ever existed. Considering who my parents are, I am everything but normal."     
"Exactly. And that is why I wish that you have at least one normal thing in life. Falling in love is the most thrilling thing in your life. Don't give up on that."     
"Did you date men before meeting dad?"     
"No."     
"Do you regret it?"     
"There is no point in regretting the past, Vi. But, if I could have a do-over, I would choose a normal life." And not the one where she was growing up while hiding in the attic.         
Seeing that Violet was confused, Talia offered another advice, "The Moon Goddess has a plan. Everything happens with a purpose. No matter which path you choose, you will meet your mate when the time is right."     
Violet pressed her lips into a line. "How can you tell me to wait and date other guys if I know that my other half is out there? I don't care about superficial relationships. I want the real thing." And she wanted to know if Ethan was the one or if she was off the mark.     
Ethan being her mate, would be the most beautiful and the most terrifying thing in the world.     
Beautiful, because they were childhood friends, and they knew everything about each other. That was exactly why it would be terrifying. Violet knew that Ethan was a complete dum-dum. And Violet was back to her initial question, are all boys so dense?     
Seeing that Talia was not willing to disclose the identity of Violet's mate, Violet pushed herself off the rock.     
"I'm leaving."     
"Where?" Talia asked. "We have guests."     
"I don't care," Violet snapped, and a moment later, a golden wolf appeared in her place and dashed into the forest. 'Don't follow me,' Violet said to Talia through their mind link. 'I won't do anything stupid. I just want to be alone.'     
Talia looked helplessly in the direction where Violet had disappeared.      
Violet was a teenager, and other boys had their own quirks. Talia couldn't imagine the worries and headaches that would come as they grew up. The older the kid, the bigger the worry.     
Talia shook her head when she remembered that Damon wanted more kids. He wanted more daughters, to be precise.     
Damon loved Jacob, Logan, Zeke, and Gabriel, but Violet was daddy's girl, and now that she was growing up, Damon wanted another baby. Breastfeeding activities were a bonus.     
Talia was confident that Damon took the weaning off harder than Gabriel.     
With a thought, a strong wind gathered around Talia, and her hair exploded in silver for a brief moment before she vanished from the rock. Talia went to Damon's and her bedroom to dress up and be presentable to welcome their guests.     
…     
Violet wore a dark gray t-shirt and black sweatpants from one stash of clothes before emerging from the foliage. Her destination was a two-story house where Petra and Zack lived with their three kids.     
Petra and Zack didn't want to live in the packhouse, but they didn't want to live in the Darkbourne either. Over the years, more than a dozen houses were built near the packhouse, and Petra and Zack got one to live in.     
Violet could hear noise from seven-year-old Molly, five-year-old David, and four-year-old Mia. They were playing in their backyard.     
Petra was sitting on the grass in the shade of a tree and working on her laptop while keeping an eye on her kids.     
"Hey," Violet called as she approached Petra. "Am I disturbing you?"     
"Not at all," Petra said while closing the laptop. "How come you are here? I thought you have guests."     
Violet pouted and sat next to Petra.     
"Trouble with Ethan?" Petra guessed. Everyone knew that Ethan and Violet were close. Since Ethan was visiting and Violet was not with him, it meant that something had happened between the young Alpha duo.     
"Is it that obvious?" Violet asked.     
"What did he do?"         
"What makes you think he did something?"     
Petra smiled and shook her head. "He is a boy. Of course, he did something. Even if he didn't, you are our princess, and he is in the wrong."     
Violet smiled. "I like the way you think." Violet's expression fell, and she hugged her knees. "Can I ask you something?"     
"Sure."     
"I heard that Zack knew before you that you were mates. How did you find out? Did he tell you, or…?" Violet waited for Petra to fill in the gap.     
"I was about sixteen years old when he found out. He didn't tell me. He wanted to wait until I was eighteen to find out myself."     
Violet frowned. "Two years? Didn't he lose his mind while waiting for so long?"     
"No, no. I found out before."     
"You felt the bond earlier?"     
Petra shook her head. "No. Zack gave it away."     
Violet was all ears. "Can you tell me the details?"     
"It was close to my seventeenth birthday when I became suspicious. We were always close, and he was always friendly, but it was Zack, Erik, and me. I had no idea when it started, but at some point, when I looked around, I realized that Erik would most of the time have an excuse to leave early or not show up, leaving Zack and me alone."     
"Erik knew."     
"He did," Petra confirmed.     
"So… how did you find out?" Violet was eager to hear the story and see if that could be applied to her situation.     
###Chapter 1030: Young Alpha Violet (4)
Chapter 1030: Young Alpha Violet (4)
Petra didn't mind sharing her story with Violet. She loved reliving those moments when her relationship with Zack morphed from friendship into more, even though they had their share of bumps on the way.         
"I had my suspicions that Zack might be my mate," Petra said.     
Violet was all ears. "What made you suspicious?"     
"We would normally joke about crushes. Zack and Erik had their own following, and I was not a bad catch either. Zack and Erik were adamant that no guy gets close to me, but Zack would be unusually quiet when I spoke about any other guy. However, whenever I tried to probe into it, Erik would do something to distract me. At that time, I thought it was a coincidence, but now I know better."     
"So, how did you figure it out?"     
Petra looked around to ensure no one overheard them. "Do you know Donovan?"     
Violet frowned a bit, and it took her a moment to respond, "Donovan, the painter?"     
"That one. He had a big crush on me, and he wanted to give me something special for my seventeenth birthday. It was a painting of me."     
Violet didn't get it. "How is that related to you figuring out your mate?"     
Petra smirked. "For months prior to my birthday, I was posing for him. We would meet in town for coffee, in the park, or in a meadow. However, the end painting was me under the waterfall. He drew me topless with me being waist-down in the water, so it looked like I was naked."     
Violet still didn't see the point. Nudity for werewolves was not a big deal. "And?"     
"Well, I have a birthmark on my chest. It's on the left side, under my breast. Not many know about it because I usually hide it. I guess Donovan noticed it when I shifted. I thought it was cute that he included that detail." Petra shook her head. "I remember going toward Donovan with my arms spread. I wanted to hug him and maybe kiss his cheek, but before we made contact, Zack's fist was in Donovan's face. Next thing I knew, Zack tore the painting and said that no one would get to see me like that, and I knew."     
"So, you made him jealous," Violet summarized.     
"Not on purpose. I mean, there were times when I was almost certain, but Zack would normally keep his cool, and I couldn't figure him out. But that painting pushed him over the edge."     
"It was not the painting," Zack grumbled from the side, and Petra's eyes widened. She didn't notice when he approached them.     
"Are you eavesdropping?" Petra asked.     
Zack cocked an eyebrow at her. "It's not like you were whispering. I was right here. It's your fault for not noticing me."     
"Hi, Uncle Zack," Violet greeted Zack as he sat next to Petra and draped his arm around her shoulders.     
Violet observed as Petra snuggled next to Zack, and he adjusted his position so that she fits there better. It was something only mates would do, and Violet wanted that. Boys her age were dirty, smelly, loud, and braggy. Who would want to get close to such creatures? Gross!     
Violet wanted the support, companionship, and acceptance only a mate could give. Goddess knew that her life was stressful, and Violet needed someone who would anchor her and not make it more complex.     
"If it's not the painting, what was it?" Violet asked Zack. "If you don't mind me asking."     
Zack narrowed his eyes at Petra. "You were recklessly going at Donovan. Did you think a kiss on the cheek would be enough? He wanted to claim your lips, and there was no way in hell I would allow that to happen."     
Petra nudged him. "Do you think a guy could sneak a kiss if I didn't want it?"     
"Twelve years passed, and you are still gullible. A guy would commit atrocities to get the woman he wants."     
"But that doesn't apply to Donovan. Whatever he had for me disappeared with your punch, and a few weeks later when he found his mate."     
Zack smirked. "I was not talking about him."         
"What happened after the punching?" Violet asked. "Did you just kiss, and things worked out?"     
Petra shook her head. "I was angry that he knew and didn't tell me. I was angry that for almost a full year, he allowed me to talk about other guys while he was right there, forced to listen to his mate talk about others."     
"I wouldn't allow it to go further than talking," Zack said.     
"But that didn't mean you were not hurting. What if I started hating you?"     
"One can't hate their other half. No matter what I did, you would forgive me," Zack responded with confidence.     
"Is that the truth?" Violet asked.     
"You should ask your mother," Petra said. "Goddess knows how much trouble your father made before announcing Luna Talia as his fated mate."     
Zack frowned. "Don't talk about our Alpha like he is a bad guy." Zack and many others idolized Damon. The Dark Howlers pack and the whole werewolf society benefited greatly under Damon's and Talia's leadership.     
Zack looked at Violet. "The truth is that we are all screwups until we find our other half. It's like you are lost and wander from one person to another until you find the one. Yes, I was pissed when Petra spoke about others, and I was furious when she nearly hugged Donovan, but even if she went all the way, it would be fine as long as she came to me when the time was right. I regret snapping and revealing we were mates before Petra was ready."     
"What if Aunt Petra was dating Donovan?" Violet asked.     
"The Moon Goddess knows what she is doing. I believe that I needed to see her talk about others so I could learn patience and could appreciate her more."     
Petra smiled at Zack and then turned to Violet. "You should know that my sister suffered greatly because her mate approached her when she was only fifteen. She was not ready, and by the time she was ready, he had moved on. Zack didn't want to pressure me into accepting the bond before I was ready, so he waited."     
Violet thought how that was a sweet story. Zack suppressed his urges and waited patiently (which was super-uncharacteristic to werewolves) until Petra could sense their bond.     
"So, how long did it take for you to sense the bond?" Violet asked Petra. "Did you wait until your eighteenth birthday?" That was a full year!     
"Once we confirmed we were mates, I asked witches to perform a ritual. James had the same, and he could feel the bond when he was sixteen."     
Violet's face lit up. "The ritual. Tell me about it."     
Petra shook her head. "I can tell you that it jump-started my side of the mate bond and…" She giggled. "I jumped on Zack, and the rest is history. For details regarding the ceremony, you should ask Cornelia or Amelia."     
"I will do that right now," Violet said and stood up. "Thank you, Aunt Petra and Uncle Zack."     
"Are you going to visit Gamma Cornelia and Gamma James?" Zack asked Violet.     
"Yes."     
Zack glanced at the area where his three kids were playing. "How about you take Molly, David, and Mia with you? Andrew, Zoe, and Jeremy could use playmates."     
"Sure," Violet agreed. She didn't suspect that Zack wanted to send his kids away so he could have privacy with Petra.     
When Violet and the three youngsters were out of sight, Zack pushed Petra onto the soft grass.      
"Zack!" Petra called while looking around nervously. She knew what he was up to. "What if someone sees us?"     
"We are mates, Petra."         
"So?"     
"I can feel that you want me. When you said that you jumped on me after the ceremony, you were thinking about our first time. If you wanted to hide it from me, you should suppress your joy when Violet agreed to take our kids away."     
Petra bit her lower lip guiltily. "So, now what?"     
Zack grinned. "We have at least two hours. I suggest we don't waste a single minute of it."     
His lips quickly found his mark on her neck, and he licked her there, sending a pulse of need through her body. She gripped his muscular shoulders and raised her head.      
"Ahh..." A hearty moan escaped his lips when she sucked on her mark on his neck.      
"Fuck, Petra!" He squeezed through his teeth.      
She smiled slyly. "Exactly, Zack. And you have about two hours to do it..."     
###Chapter 1031 Young Alpha Violet (5)
Chapter 1031  Young Alpha Violet (5)
Violet was walking to the house where Cornelia and James were; her pace was much slower than she wanted it to be because three kids followed her. Molly, David, and Mia, aged 7, 5, and 4 years, respectively. 
If Violet could shift, everything would be much faster, but the youngsters didn't have their first shift yet, so she was stuck to a snail's pace. The little ones would stop on every few steps to look at the butterfly, a bug, or a rock. Everything was interesting. 
"Hurry up, or I will leave you behind," Violet grumbled. 
The trio was excited to play with Cornelia and James' kids, so they hurried after Violet obediently. As they approached their destination, they heard noise from there… 
"Wait! Wait!" Violet shouted after the youngsters, but it was in vain. The three kids heard squeals and giggles from their friends, and they dashed away. 
Violet couldn't believe how quickly they ran. "Why did you drag your feet so far?" 
Violet wanted to use her ability to bring them back and teach them a lesson, but the reality was that she didn't get the hang of her power, and she hated it. 
"Figures," Violet grumbled. Her younger brothers were also mischievous. Jacob was almost bearable, but Logan, Zeke, and Gabriel gave her a headache. 
"Violet!" Cornelia called when she noticed the newcomer. She was tending to the herbs in her garden, and six kids were running around on the playground a bit further away. 
James made it with some help from Cornelia's magic. It had a twisting slide, monkey bars, swings, and a massive sand pit. 
"Did you bring Molly, David, and Mia here?" Cornelia asked. 
"Yes, Aunt Cora. I was on my way here, and Petra and Zack said it would be OK. Is it OK?" 
"Of course," Cornelia assured Violet. "What brings you here?" 
"I would like to talk to you." 
"Sounds serious." 
"It is. To me." 
Cornelia left the pruning shears in the basket by her side and walked to meet Violet. 
"Is Uncle James around?" 
"He is inside on a video call with Alpha William. They are arguing for more than half an hour. The old guy is still refusing our terms on trade, but he wants the benefits. My James won't let that slide." 
Violet wanted to ask, how can Cornelia call a guy in his fifties as old if she lived for more than three centuries? But Cornelia looked like a female in her early twenties, and by looks alone, she could be Alpha William's daughter. 
Violet saw pictures from ten years ago, and then James looked like a boy next to Cornelia, yet now he matched her in maturity while Cornelia didn't change, not even a little bit. Actually, James looked like he was a few years older when compared to Cornelia. 
The rumors are that James' biological father had an Alpha bloodline as a recessive gene, and when James and Cornelia mated, her magic activated that gene in James. 
Violet was good at studies, and she would call that theory nonsense because no one EVER activated a recessive gene in a grown specimen. Still, the fact was that James was bigger, stronger, and faster than any regular werewolf, and his aging was slower than expected which meant that his wolf was special. Also, Violet could swear that she sensed a strange Alpha aura when Commander George sparred with James. Violet was familiar with George's aura, and that burst was not his. The only logical conclusion was that it belonged to James, who was equally matched with George, who didn't conceal he had an Alpha bloodline. 
However, it was obvious that James was perfectly content to live as Gamma James in the two-story house with Cornelia and their three kids. If he acknowledged his Alpha heritage, he would end up with people following him, and he would have much more work, just like Commander George is stuck managing a town. If not for Erik and Owen helping out, Dawn and their two kids would barely see George between training, military duties, and managing the town where ex-members of the Frostcrest pack lived. 
And just as James was living an unusually quiet life for a werewolf of his status, Cornelia was the same, but by witches' standards. Cornelia acted as Alpha Natalia's Gamma, and she worked closely with Amelia as a point of contact for all witches who now lived in this realm. 
Over the years, Cornelia showed wisdom and skill that left many in awe, and people wondered who would win if Evanora and Cornelia clashed for real. Regretfully for the masses, Cornelia and Evanora were not interested in a showdown to determine their power levels. 
Evanora was busy with Edgar and their grandkids. God knows they had their hands full with ten kids (five sets of twins) that Axel and Yasmin produced in the last thirteen years. It didn't look like Axel and Yasmin were ready to stop. 
Yasmin said that during pregnancy, she could tap into a mystical realm and gain a better understanding of her powers. For her, getting pregnant was for research purposes, and Axel had no ions. If not for the breastfeeding period and sleepless nights with twin infants, Axel and Yasmin would have babies at least once per year! Miles and Daisy were now two years old, which meant that news of another Yasmin's pregnancy could come any day. 
Violet loved her cousins, but other than Valeria and Edgar, others were a noisy bunch that was good only for making a ruckus. 
More than once, Violet heard Damon teasing Axel, "Are you creating a pack of your own by making so many pups?" Axel would counter that with a shrug and, "It's not my fault you can make only one pup at a time." Damon would blow a fuse, and Talia would interfere because she feared Damon's obsession with impregnating her would spark again. 
That whole group was made of Alphas and powerful creatures that carried the bloodline of Gods, and the fact that Cornelia was among them as an equal, spoke about her power more than any other test in existence. 
"How about we sit?" Cornelia asked Violet while gesturing toward big stones arranged in a circle. That area was made by James, for him and Cornelia to snuggle after they put their kids to sleep. Cornelia would use magic to warm up the stones, and they would sometimes light up the fire in the middle. Cornelia had many good memories of that place. Many carnal memories. Ah, only if those stones could talk. 
Violet was ready for this. She sat where Cornelia offered and immediately went to the topic that brought her here. 
"You are interested in the ceremony," Cornelia concluded. 
"Yes. I want to sense my mate." 
"That's not a good idea, Vi." 
"Why? Does it have negative effects? I'm sure you can make it safe. You are the best witch in this realm." 
Cornelia smiled. "I will take the compliment, but this is not about my skill." 
Violet frowned. "Then? Are you also going to tell me that it's best to wait? Five years, Aunt Cora. Five. Long. Years." 
"That will pass in a flash if you focus on what you have instead of on what you are missing."
###Chapter 1032 Young Alpha Violet (6)
Chapter 1032  Young Alpha Violet (6)
Violet's frown deepened. "Why are you not willing to help me, Aunt Cora?" 
"Because if I do, you will find out why they call your father Black Demon." 
Violet heard about that. She thought it was a play on her father's name, Damon Blake - Black Demon, and she assumed it was because people said he was the most powerful Alpha of their generation. But maybe there was more to it. It didn't matter. Her father was brooding and overbearing, but he would never harm her. "Why won't you help me? I need to understand." 
Cora pursed her lips while thinking about how to answer this. She decided to go straight to the point. Violet was stubborn and reckless like her parents, and only a shock factor would help this. 
"Do you know what mates do, Vi?" 
Violet nodded eagerly. "They cherish each other and put each other first, and…" Her voice trailed when she saw Cornelia shaking her head. "What?" 
"When mates recognize each other, they rip each other's clothes and have sex. Lots of it." 
Violet's eyes widened. "You are kidding." 
"Why would I joke about that? When I met Jay, I knew he was my mate, but he didn't. I don't remember if it was a few days or a few years, but it felt like an eternity until he confirmed the bond. After we accelerated maturing of his wolf, he carried me over his shoulder to the bedroom, and we didn't come out of it for days. Do you know what we did? Sex. Unless we were sleeping or eating, we had sex. All the time. It was dirty and sweaty with the sound of flesh slapping against flesh. Are you ready for that, Vi?" 
Violet's icy-blue eyes were wide to the point of hurting. Did Cornelia need to be so graphic? 
Was Violet ready for sex? She knew all body parts and watched educational videos (and some not-so-educational ones sneakily). She was curious, but she was only thirteen years old, and the thought of doing those obscene things was scary and repulsing. 
Part of Violet hoped that Ethan was her mate. She loved spending time with him. He was handsome and funny, and she loved when they had sleepovers and would snuggle while sharing a blanket and watching movies late, but sex? Just thinking about it made her super-anxious. 
"I'm not interested in…" She couldn't say it. "…that thing. I just want to know who my mate is." 
"The ceremony won't make you feel the bond, Vi. It will accelerate maturing of your wolf. You can't turn off parts of your wolf. Once she feels the bond, she will know who her other half is, and she will feel an insatiable need to combine two halves into one, in every way possible. Sex included. And if I have anything to do with the ceremony that will allow you to mature before your time, Alpha Damon will come for my head. There will be no safe space for me across all realms." 
"He wouldn't harm you." 
Cornelia stifled a laugh. "Your father is a man some admire and many fear. There is a reason for that. I don't know if you are aware of how protective Damon is of your family. Talia, you, and your four brothers, if anyone dares to mess with you, Damon will not stop until they experience the lowest levels of hell." 
That was something Violet could believe. A group of warriors snickered when Violet struggled with the flying kick, and Damon sent them to a month-long survival training in the mountains. And any kid that dared to say anything bad to her would end up absent from school for a while, and after that, they would avoid her. Violet had a feeling it was her father's doing, but she didn't have any proof. 
"Aunt Cora," Violet called and inched closer to ask in a whisper, "That sex urge… how long does it last?" 
"Why?" 
"Maybe you could make me feel the bond, and then I will hide somewhere until it passes. Tie me up if needed." 
Cornelia's eyes widened. "Years, Vi. It takes years." 
"Years? Are you saying that for years people are just… going at it?" Her thirteen-year-old mind had difficulty processing this information. 
Cornelia looked dreamily in the direction of the house. "Thirteen years, Vi, and we are still going strong. OK. After a few years, we learned to control our urges and to act properly in public, but attraction didn't dwindle, and I hope this feeling never diminishes." She turned to Violet. "That's what mates are. Inseparable. Insatiable. Once you meet, you can't go back." 
Violet's expression fell. "You are telling me that I shouldn't rush this." 
"I'm telling you to cherish this time when you are learning about yourself as an individual. Find out what makes Violet Blake unique. Only like that, you will appreciate your other half when you find him. If you want to find him sooner, work on yourself. The Moon Goddess is watching. When she determines you are ready, she will arrange it, so you cross paths and feel the pull." 
Violet's brows came together in serious contemplation of Cornelia's words, and Cornelia turned to check on the kids. 
The noise was still there, but Cornelia needed to ensure no one was missing. 
One, two… five, six. They were all there, moving. Alive. That was enough. 
Cornelia's oldest son, Andrew, was Violet's age, but he preferred to stay with little ones who wouldn't look at him weirdly. 
Andrew was a thirteen-year-old boy who faced an identity crisis. 
He didn't have a wolf, and his sensitivity to energies was high enough to put him among high-ranking witches. 
That didn't sound bad to an outsider, but for Andrew, it was horrible. 
Without a wolf, Andrew was not a werewolf, and he was not a witch because he was male. Witches were females. He was the odd one. The only one. 
As a teen, the only thing he wanted was to blend in and be part of a group, but no matter where he went, he was sticking out as a sore thumb. Violet tried including him, but he said he didn't want her pity, so she backed away, even though she knew exactly how he felt. Violet was also unique, but Andrew said that her uniqueness didn't make her a weirdo and that she couldn't possibly understand what he was going through. 
Cornelia hoped that Andrew would snap out of it soon and learn to love himself because his parents and siblings loved him dearly, and he had many friends who accepted him. The only thing Andrew needed was to accept himself. 
"You are leaving?" Cornelia asked when Violet stood up. 
"Yes. I have guests. It would be rude to neglect them. Thank you, Aunt Cora." 
"You are welcome, Vi." 
Cornelia waited for Violet to disappear, and then she reached into the pocket of her vest. 
"Did you hear that?" Violet spoke into the phone. 
"Every word," Talia responded. "Thank you, Cora." 
"You are welcome." 
Cornelia ended the call and turned to see James approaching her. 
He was tall and handsome, and his smile always did something funny to his stomach. But the most impactful was how he looked at her like he was hungry and only she could satiate him.
###Chapter 1033 Gamma James' family
Chapter 1033  Gamma James' family
"Are you done with your meeting?" Cornelia asked James when he reached her. 
"Mhm…" He hummed and sat on the rock next to her. 
She loved how his arm wrapped around her to pull her on him. He was warm and solid and oozed safety and comfort. 
"Did it go well?" Cornelia asked. 
"Are you doubting your man?" 
"Never." 
Cornelia giggled when James reached under her legs and lifted her like she weighed nothing. She always loved how strong he was. 
He put her to sit on his lap, and she wiggled to make herself comfortable before putting her head on his shoulder. 
Cornelia closed her eyes and smiled while remembering how it all started. She came to this realm out of curiosity to see what was behind the portal, and then she picked up a weak pull and followed it to investigate. She ended up stalking James and three other youngsters for most of the night, and the four of them had so much fun that they didn't notice her. That night, Cornelia was glad James didn't react to any of the girls who shamelessly approached him. 
James didn't feel the bond at first, but he was interested and didn't allow Cornelia to leave. 
No matter how much he sensed their bond, James was always considerate, to the point of cutting himself after the ceremony so that the pain diminished his lust that swelled with the mate bond he could sense then. 
Everyone knew that Gamma James was strong, intelligent, and shouldn't be provoked, but they didn't know how his caring and passionate side. That was only for Cornelia to see. 
Every time they made love, James put her needs first, and Cornelia was confident that she would fall in love with him even without their mate bond. He was a true gentleman, even when he was ravishing her. Cornelia was never with any other man, but she was confident that James was gifted down there and that he was a skilled lover. He could make her come with his cock, fingers, lips, and tongue, and just thinking about his muscular form and heated gaze would make her knees go weak. 
James cradled Cornelia in his arms, savoring the peace and belonging that came with her proximity. 
Thanks to Cornelia, James managed to get out of years of abuse in the Redmayne family. Damon offered James a way out, but James was unsure if he would actually take it if not for Cornelia. 
Besides the family of five that James and Cornelia created, James had his mother and biological father. 
Over the years, they had met several times, but mainly for Andrew, Zoe, and Jeremy. 
Layla and Chester showed interest in getting closer to James, but it didn't happen. Even while living in the packhouse of the Red Moon pack, James was never close to his mother. As for his biological father, Chester (aka the sperm donor, how James called him sometimes), he was not in James' life when he needed him the most. Did James need him now? Not really. 
It's not that James held grudges. He was simply not interested. 
James never clarified if Chester was aware that he had children who were growing up in an abusive packhouse, and James didn't want to know. It was easier to believe that Chester was ignorant. But where would that put Layla? James remembered his mother's indifference when Alpha Edward would "teach" James how a proper Alpha should act. Layla told James that if she interfered, it wouldn't help James, but it would only enrage Edward, and it's not that James didn't believe that, but he thought that over the years, she could have come up with something, anything, to make his life easier, yet she chose silence. 
James grew up studying, training, and enduring harsh punishments for the slightest mistake or when he didn't meet Alpha Edward's expectations while his mother was planning outings and parties and spending her days in a spa with her girlfriends. Somehow, he couldn't evaluate their sufferings as equal. 
Rumors about James having an Alpha aura reached Layla, and she called him to say how he should be grateful to his father for it. James didn't see it that way, and he vowed never to use his aura again. He survived and made a good life without it, and he didn't want to feel like he owed anything to Layla or Chester. 
On the other hand, James thought that it was ironic. He grew up fearing for his life because he didn't have an Alpha bloodline, and now that it activated, he didn't want it. 
The only other blood-related person James acknowledged was Marcy. He would leave flowers on her grave on the anniversary of her death and her birthday. James would stand there for hours without saying a word. He never knew what to say to Marcy, but the fact that they grew up in similar hell created a bond he couldn't ignore. Marcy and James were abused by the same people, albeit in different ways. 
Every time James thought about his childhood, a wave of negativity would come over him, and the only thing that calmed his raging emotions was Cornelia, his chocolate-colored Goddess that smelled of wild berries. 
Cornelia never rejected him. She was always by his side, encouraging, accepting, and welcoming, and for James, that was everything. 
His nostrils flared when he picked up the scent of her arousal. 
"What are you thinking about?" He asked. 
Cornelia's eyes snapped open. She had no intention of admitting that she was thinking about the night in the Silver Flame Coven, just after the ceremony, when they made love the first time, and he put his mark on her neck. That was almost thirteen years ago, yet it felt like yesterday. Everything about James was fresh and exciting, and he made her giddy like a teenager in love. "Nothing." 
He didn't buy it. "Reeeeaaaally?" 
"I was just wondering if I should prepare a snack for the kids or let them enjoy a bit longer." 
"A snack." James chuckled. He could snack on Cornelia, anytime. And it would be enjoyable, as always. He tightened his hold on her. "Did you have a good talk with Vi?" 
"You saw her? Why didn't you come to say hi?" 
"And interrupt your girly chatter? It's not often you get to educate someone on sex. It would be awkward if I joined you." 
Cornelia couldn't believe this. "You heard us?" 
"What was that about controlling urges after a few years?" 
"I don't remember saying anything like that." 
"Let me remind you," James said, and he squeezed her ass. "You said that after a few years, you learned to control your urges in public." 
"Jay," Cornelia called, her voice coming a bit breathy. "Kids are right there." 
"I don't see any kids, Cora. I see only my Goddess, and I fear I can't control my urges to claim my mate." 
Even without sensing James' rising sexual energy, Cornelia felt his erection poking her behind, and she knew that her handsome devil wouldn't stop until he got his fill of her. She nervously glanced over James' shoulder and started counting kids. One, two, three… 
"Ahh…" A lustful sound escaped her lips when James licked his mark on her neck. 
"Did you say something?" He asked, his deep voice increased her arousal. 
She wanted to respond, but he was back to his mark, licking, kissing, and sucking. His every move sent electric charges straight to her core. 
His hand ventured under her skirt, and he extended his claw just enough to rip her panties like they were nothing. 
"Jay…" Cornelia called as he got down on his knees with her in his arms, and then he put her down on the grass. "The kids are right there." 
"So?" 
"They will hear us." 
"Then… you should keep the noise down, my dear." 
Cornelia knew that this was not the time or place. At least they should go inside the house! 
But James was on top of her, with his pants pulled down, and she could feel his hard cock pressing on her, and she ended up spreading her legs wider to welcome him. 
Damn the kids and everything. 
Cornelia waved her index finger, and all noises around them stopped. 
James looked at her and smiled in approval. "Does this mean kids won't hear us?" 
"Just a bit of magic for privacy. We can't hear them, and they can't hear us. If they look this way, they will see us sitting on the rock." 
A deep growl bubbled in Jame's chest, and then he felt the resistance that was charged with the sparks of their bond as her wet heat enveloped his cock. 
"Fuck, Cora," James cursed under his breath as he got sheathed fully inside her. She was tight and hot, just like the first time. "You are mine." 
"Yours." 
She threw her head back and rocked her body at the pace he set, knowing that he would make it good for both of them, as always.
###Chapter 1034 Young Alpha Violet (7)
Chapter 1034  Young Alpha Violet (7)
Violet returned to the packhouse sneakily. She knew which way to take to avoid curious eyes. Violet was confident that her parents could pick up her presence, but her parents mostly respected her need for privacy. She wanted to void kids who would follow her everywhere (her brothers included). 
Even without her enhanced hearing, Violet could hear giggles and screams from far away. 
Aunt Dawn told her about the time when the packhouse was quiet and empty, but that was not how Violet remembered. From her earliest memories, there were always a bunch of babies crying and then kids causing a ruckus, and Violet loved going deep into the forest and just sitting in silence. 
Aunt Zina said that for many years, other than Alpha Damon, only a handful of grownups had access to the packhouse. 
Violet was familiar with all names from the stories except for two, Stephanie and Lisa. 
The chatty duo of aunts told Violet that Stephanie betrayed the pack and was banished. The last thing they heard was that she was living in the snowy wilderness of Canada and that her wolf was feral. That was more than eight years ago, and they suspected she was dead. As for Lisa, she was mated with an Omega from a small pack somewhere South, and she never attempted to contact them. 
Violet was curious about the details, but all that was sealed in confidential files she will get access to when she turns sixteen years old. 
Violet reached the third floor without anyone calling her out and she exhaled in relief when she closed the door behind her. 
Today was not about the guests and the noise. This was about Ethan and facing him after that fiasco in the forest. Did she embarrass herself? Probably. 
Violet pushed herself off the door and went to her closet. There was no time for idling because she needed to pick something to wear. They had guests today staying for dinner (nothing unusual), so it shouldn't be too casual, but not too fancy either. She didn't want to overthink it, but they had guests from the outside which meant she should carry herself as the future Alpha. 
No matter how powerful Violet was, grownups treated her like she was a child. She wouldn't mind so much if other young Alphas were not treated differently, and that stung. Was it because she was a female, or because she was on the skinny side? Violet wondered, how did her mom manage to make everyone respect her? Alpha Natalia was half the size when compared to other Alphas, yet they all bowed to her. Her mom was awesome. 
Violet picked a dark blue floral dress with straps. It was one of her favorites. She liked the light fabric, and the way the two-layered skirt swayed as she moved. 
She noticed that the skirt ended at half of her thighs, it was longer than when she wore it last time. Did she grow again? Will she be tall like her father? 
Violet put a black leather belt around her waist and tightened it. Like this, it looked like she had a waist. But the waist was not a problem. The issue was that her hips didn't show, and she had no boobs! All girls her age had at least something in the chest area. What was the point of being the future Alpha with godly powers when she couldn't control those powers, and if she tucked in her hair, she was no different than a teenage boy? 
Violet stood in front of a full-length mirror and stared at herself. Her perfectly straight raven-black hair reached half of her back, and her slightly tanned skin emphasized her icy-blue eyes. The striking features she got from her father were softened by the small perky nose and curved eyebrows from her mother. 
Her parents said that she got the best of them, but Violet couldn't see it. And she was growing! At this rate, she will be an odd flat-chested giant! 
Commotion from the bedroom got Violet's attention. Were her brothers invading her privacy? 
Three figures appeared at the door and Violet cocked an eyebrow at her three friends. Scarlet, Robin, and Page. Identical triplets, daughters of Beta Caden and Beta Maya. 
They were the same age, but Violet had much more responsibilities and she envied the carefree air that the triplets carried with them. 
The three girls had the same chestnut-colored hair, the same curious brown eyes, matching smiles… well, they were identical. They even wore the same clothes. Violet knew that Scarlet, Robin, and Page were jokesters who enjoyed it when people mixed them up. Sometimes, the triplets would take turns in doing chores, and Violet was confident that Page did math exams for all three of them, Scarlet did painting, and Robin music. When one of them did mischief, they would point fingers at each other, and no one could determine which one was the real culprit. 
To Violet's dismay, all three girls in front of her had B-cup assets. 
"I should have known it was you. Why are you here?" Violet asked. 
"The guests are asking for you, and your mom said you are here, and we should check on you," Scarlet responded. 
"Should we help you get ready?" Page asked. 
"I am ready," Violet said. 
"No make-up? You should put at least some lip gloss." Robin puckered her lips. "Boys like that. They will use it as an excuse to ask about the taste." 
Page snickered. "When that happens, don't reach for your lip gloss because he wants a kiss." 
Violet rolled her eyes. "I'm not interested in boys." 
"Mhm," Scarlet hummed teasingly. "I guess you won't mind if we take Ethan…" She stopped talking when Violet's aura pressed on her. "OK… OK…" Scarlet spoke with difficulty. "I was kidding…" She took a deep breath when she realized she could breathe again. 
"I'm sorry," Violet said in a small voice. "I didn't mean to." 
"It's OK. We know you can't control it well," Page said. 
Scarlet was patting her chest dramatically. "I've made my point. You can pretend you don't care about Ethan, but we all see what's going on." 
"What's the point of you seeing things when Ethan doesn't?" 
"Boys are dense," Robin said. "You should tell everyone today that you are claiming Ethan and…" 
"NOT happening!" Violet squeaked. 
"Why not?" Scarlet asked. "As the top-ranking Alpha of our generation, you have the right to claim what's yours." 
"I don't know if he is mine." 
"Pft!" Page burst into giggles. "You are funny. Your rank gives you the right to claim things and people. If you want him as yours, he will be yours. And I bet he will like it." 
Violet knew that, but Ethan wouldn't like it if they were not mates, and she wouldn't like it either. Besides, Cornelia's talk about mating and sex was making Violet uneasy. She wanted someone who will hold her and support her and treat her right. Lots of cuddles, handholding, and kisses, and… that should be enough. Right? 
"I won't be claiming anyone unless that someone is my mate," Violet said. "If I can't sense him, it means I haven't met him or I'm not ready. I don't need lip-gloss. I'm fine." 
"Fine, fine," Scarlet said. "Whatever you say." 
Page eyed Violet's chest. "Do you want a bra with paddings? Or maybe put some tissues in it? It would help…" She ducked when a shoe flew at her. "Hey! I was just trying to be helpful!" 
"No guy likes violent girls," Page said. "If you want Ethan to notice you, you should be fragile and gentle and bat your eyelids like this..." 
Violet grimaced. Page was ridiculous. She knew that triplets were jokesters, but sometimes their jokes went too far. "If I hear people talking about me and Ethan, lip gloss, or that bra padding nonsense, I will arrange so you have extra duties." 
"What if someone talks about those and it's not related to us?" Robin asked. 
"Well, I guess that gives you a task for today. If someone is spreading rumors that will damage the reputation of your future Alpha, you need to stop it." 
The triplets exchanged gazes. They were not happy about this task, but Violet pullet her rank as the future Alpha, and refusing would be disrespectful. 
Violet walked out of the closet with, "Are you coming, or will you continue admiring my wardrobe?"
###Chapter 1035 Young Alpha Violet (8)
Chapter 1035  Young Alpha Violet (8)
Violet entered the living room which was full of grownups. 
Her parents were there, and so were Alpha Maddox and Luna Tatiana, Shaman Gideon and Beta Mindy, Beta Maya and Beta Caden, Commander George and Dawn, General Owen and Zina, General Keith and General Arya, Lieutenant Liam and Amelia, and Lieutenant Pierce and Daria. It was noisy but harmonious. 
Talia was sitting on the sofa with Mindy, Dawn, Zina, Arya, and Amelia. Those were Alpha Natalia's trustworthy helpers. Talia also had Yasmin, Axel, Sandy, Tyler, Meg, and Kai, but those people were making sure everything was running smoothly in the Midnight Guardians pack. 
Mindy and Cornelia were the only females in the Dark Howlers pack who accepted official titles from Talia (Beta Mindy and Gamma Cornelia). Others said they were happy to be advisors as they were all juggling their families and careers, and they couldn't commit full-time, even though they would always gather whenever Talia summoned them. 
Alpha Natalia was Damon's equal in the Dark Howlers pack, the Midnight Guardians pack depended on her leadership, and the whole coalition of werewolves that was established about a decade ago was relying on Alpha Natalia to guide them and settle any disputes. 
It was a lot of work. Luckily, Talia had many helpers among werewolves and witches. 
Violet knew that her mother had a lot on her hands, but she made it look so easy. Violet was set to inherit her mother's position, but she was unsure if she will ever be able to compare. 
On the other side, there was Alpha Damon Blake, a tall and muscular man who stood with Alpha Maddox, Commander George, Beta Caden, Shaman Gideon, General Owen, and General Keith around him. They were talking and laughing, and the mood was good. 
Violet knew Damon as her dad, but everyone else knew him as a fierce leader people admired and respected; or feared. In any case, no one dared to stand up to him. 
Damon was officially the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack, but he was also managing the training and deployment of military units in the Midnight Guardians pack and in all allied territories. 
Alpha Damon and Alpha Natalia technically ruled over werewolves and witches in North America and Violet knew that they were able to accomplish all that due to the help from their trustworthy friends, but most importantly, Damon and Talia supported each other, as equals. 
Will Violet be able to create such an environment when she takes over her duties officially? The more Violet learned about what was needed, she understood it was much more than just powers and abilities. 
"Vi?" Talia called. "Your friends are in the back." 
"I know," Violet responded. "I just came to say, hi." 
"How nice of you," Tatiana said from the side. She was on the sofa chair with her big belly sticking out. "Come here. Let me see you." 
Tatiana spread her arms and Violet leaned into the hug. 
They were not related, but Violet treated Tanya as her aunt and Maddox as her uncle. Two families were close because they were all Alphas, and with children of similar ages. 
Violet and Ethan were both thirteen years old, Jacob and Aster were both eleven, Logan and Zeke's birthday was only one month off from Kerry's, and Gabriel and Gwen were both five years old. 
Tanya was only days away from her due date, and once the baby was born, both families will have five youngsters each. 
Violet hoped that the baby in Tanya's belly was also a girl because Tanya promised she will be called Bree, per Violet's suggestion. If it's a boy, he will be Lupin, per Ethan's request. Violet thought that Lupin was a stupid name for a werewolf. Alpha Lupin; it sounded like an old guy's name. 
"My dear!" A dramatic call from the door got everyone's attention when Mario and Neil arrived. 
Mario was a human who came to the territory of werewolves to help Tatiana get ready for her wedding as her assistant, unaware that he was surrounded by creatures, and that one of them will claim him as his mate. 
Neil was a junior doctor in the pack hospital of the Dark Howlers pack, and Mario was helping out as a nurse practitioner when the "Dama T" business didn't need him. 
In less than a second, Maddox was standing next to his mate protectively. 
"How many times have I told you not to call her that?" Maddox growled at Mario. "She is not your dear or your anything. She is Luna Tatiana, and she is MY mate!" 
Mario and Neil both lowered their heads, and Mario responded, "I respect you, Alpha Maddox, but Tatiana is my boss and I know her longer than you do and…" He groaned when Maddox's aura pressed on him. 
Before Neil marked him, Mario was not affected by Alpha's aura. However, the mark came with the bond and sharing emotions, heightened senses, and even a prolonged lifespan. Unfortunately, Mario didn't get a wolf. 
However, the downside of marking was that Maddox could make him kneel with a thought, which Maddox liked to do often. It's not that Mario was complaining. Kneeling in front of a handsome male specimen like Maddox would be an honor. Mario was torn. He was faithful to Neil and he felt guilty for having such lustful thoughts about someone else but there was nothing Mario could do to prevent it. 
Thinking of Maddox in leather underwear, snapping a whip, dominating... turned on Mario in more than one way. He really wished that Maddox punishes him personally. In private. Maybe Neil could join them? 
Tatiana held Maddox's hand. "Let them go, Max. You know he won't learn no matter how much you punish him. We are visiting our friends. Don't spoil the mood." 
Maddox's eyes flashed in outrage. "I'm spoiling the mood!? How many times do I need to remind him you are mine?" 
Tatiana shook her head helplessly. She never understood why Mario couldn't keep his distance, at least when Maddox was around. Was it possible that Mario was enjoying the torture? And what about Neil? 
Even with all the hostility and Maddox lashing at them, Mario and Neil would come to visit them often. Their kids were crazy for uncle Mario and uncle Neil who always came with a heap of presents. Mario and Neil were good with kids, and they would often play with the girls dress up, and tea parties, and let them paint their nails, so Tatiana was not complaining. 
Alpha Cristian and Luna Michelle entered the room and Maddox released Mario and Neil with a warning they shouldn't touch Tatiana. 
"Is Ashton with you?" Talia asked Michelle. 
Michelle shook her head. "Ash got delayed. He promised to come as soon as he can." 
Ashton was now nineteen years old, an unmated Alpha. That put him on the radar of many unmated she met ages ago when he hid in the bushes and asked her to help hide him from the girls. Talia stifled a giggle at that mental image which didn't change much, other than Ashton being much taller she-wolves and Talia felt guilty for the boy because she still saw him as that innocent six-year-old she met ages ago when he hid in the bushes and asked her to help hide him from the girls. Talia stifled a giggle at that mental image which didn't change much, other than Ashton being much taller and more difficult to hide.
###Chapter 1036 Young Alpha Violet (9)
Chapter 1036  Young Alpha Violet (9)
Violet entered the second living area, which was occupied by teens and other youngsters. 
It was a big open room with a pool table, a dartboard, pinball machines, a VR area, and a big TV secured to the wall with a bunch of beanbags spread on the floor for the viewers. A table for card games was on the right, and there were several sofas to accommodate kids of school age and above. 
The wet bar had two Omegas ready to serve youngsters with drinks and snacks and to clean any accidental messes. 
The nursery was next door with most of the kids under four years old. They had several Omegas there on childcare duty to ensure no one gets hurt, and whatever else was needed. 
When Violet appeared at the door, almost everyone stopped what they were doing, and turned to look at her. 
Nine-year-old Benjamin and seven-year-old Samuel approached Violet and saluted her. 
"We are here to guard you, Alpha Violet," Benjamin said seriously. 
Violet regarded them for a moment. "Just because your parents are guarding my mother, doesn't mean you need to guard me." Ben and Sam were sons of General Keith and General Arya, two personal guards of Alpha Natalia who accompanied her whenever she left the pack territory on official business. They wanted to accompany her all the time, but the word was that Alpha Natalia was skilled in giving her guards a slip. 
Seeing that Samuel's expression fell at Violet's rejection, she quickly thought of something to mend the situation, "I know you are ready for duty, but this is a party and everyone is a friend. I give you the rest of the day off. I expect to see you ready for duty tomorrow morning." 
Benjamin and Samuel grinned and then they returned to the area where the VR was set up. 
Violet counted more than twenty heads present and she rolled her eyes at the sight of two teens locked in a wrestling match among beanbags. 
"Lavender," Violet called while making her way there. "That's not very ladylike." 
Lavender was on top of Ethan who was lying face-down, and she was holding his arm behind his back in a deadlock. "Ladylike? I'm not a lady. I'm a she-wolf. Ethan was mean and my mom told me to stand up for myself." 
"Everyone knows that Beta Mindy is a strong she-wolf, but she doesn't engage in brawls during parties," Violet said diplomatically while trying to defuse the situation. Lavender was known as the hot-headed troublemaker, and no one dared to say anything to her because her mother was a Beta with an Alpha bloodline, while her father was the famous Shaman Gideon. 
Lavender raised her head and grinned. "You are right. Mom is more discrete." She looked down at Ethan. "You are lucky that Vi came to save you." 
Ethan groaned. "You are lucky to be a girl. As a gentleman, I can't make myself whoop your ass." 
about how Mindy never had a filter, and it seemed that Lavender got that from her mother. 
"You shouldn't bother with Lavender," Scarlet said to Violet from the side. "Let Alpha Ethan handle "You think you can whoop my ass?" 
"I wouldn't dare touch my cousin," Ethan said right away. "People will think I'm a perv." 
"Every Alpha is a perv," Lavender retorted. "My mom said so. You are just too young to feel it. Soon, the testosterone will start working and all you can think of will be how to get a woman in bed and stick your..." 
"Lavender!" Violet called in outrage. "You can't talk like that in front of kids." Violet heard stories about how Mindy never had a filter, and it seemed that Lavender got that from her mother. 
"You shouldn't bother with Lavender," Scarlet said to Violet from the side. "Let Alpha Ethan handle his cousin. Come with us, we prepared your favorite strawberry lemonade." 
Violet turned to see that Page was bringing a red-colored drink and a bowl with chips to the coffee table and Robin was chasing from the sofa Logan, Zeke, and Kerry, saying that was Violet's favorite spot and they needed to scram. Well, that was Violet's favorite spot. 
Lavender stood up from Ethan and crossed her arms over her chest while glaring at Scarlet. "You think that by serving her she will pick you to be her Beta?" 
Scarlet shrugged. "Is there something wrong with wanting to serve my Alpha? You, on the other hand, might want to think if you are a Beta material with getting into trouble all the time." 
Lavender's eyes flashed in outrage. "How am I getting into trouble?" 
Scarlet pointed where Ethan was lying a second ago. "Fighting." She pointed at Lavender. "Bickering. Talking out of order. If I'm an Alpha, I wouldn't want a loose cannon by my side." 
Lavender pointed an angry finger at Scarlet. "Say that again, I dare you!" 
Scarlet shook her head. "You are only proving my point, Lavender. Maybe I should tell Shaman Gideon to spend more time educating his eldest daughter, and less time on…" 
Scarlet's voice trailed when Lavender's aura pressed on her. 
Lavender sneered. "You were saying?" 
Violet waved her hand, and Lavender's aura dispersed like someone popped a bubble. 
"That's not allowed," Violet said sternly. 
"She insulted my father!" Lavender exclaimed. 
"That doesn't give you the right to bully her. Apologize!" 
Lavender pressed her lips into a line defiantly, but she couldn't refuse. "I'm sorry," she squeezed through her teeth, but the fire in her eyes told Scarlet this was not over. "Wait until Vi is not around." 
Scarlet lifted her chin proudly. "I will accept your challenge anytime if you stop using your aura whenever you are at disadvantage. MY father taught me how to fight fairly." 
Lavender snorted, turned on her heel, and stormed out. 
Violet looked at the door dejectedly. 
"Her pride was hurt but she will be alright," Ethan said. 
Violet raised her gaze to meet Ethan's. "Why don't you talk to her?" 
Ethan raised his hands defensively. "If she won't listen to you, why would she listen to me?" 
"Violet!" An excited cry was heard from the door and two twelve-year-olds came in. They were Faith and Hope, daughters of Doctor Travis and Doctor Olivia. "Your mom said we can find you here." 
Violet glanced at the door. "Is Mason not here?" 
Faith made a face. "We told him that he is five years old now and that means he is a big boy." 
Violet didn't get it. "So?" 
Hope responded, "That caused a meltdown with a lot of screaming about how he wants to stay a baby, and now he won't let go of mom." 
Violet thought how that was funny, but her mood dropped in an instant when Faith and Hope turned to greet Ethan. 
Twins were one year younger than Violet, yet they looked more mature, and she would be blind to not see the sparkles in Faith's and Hope's eyes as they talked to Ethan. The exaggerated giggles grated her nerves, and she took deep breaths while telling herself she shouldn't be bothered. 
Two preteens entered the room, these were Ryan and Tyler, Commander George's sons. Ryan and Tyler were tall and imposing for their age. Their father never took his spot as the Alpha, but just looking at Ryan and Tyler, it was obvious they had an Alpha bloodline. 
Jocelyn, Xandra, and Noah entered the room. Jocelyn was a twelve-year-old future Alpha of the Lightclaw pack, and Xandra and Noah were her siblings. Their arrival meant that Alpha Anthony and Luna Kalina were here, and also that Ethan had two more girls sticking to him. 
###Chapter 1037 Young Alpha Violet (10)
1037  Young Alpha Violet (10) 
Violet was never able to blend in. Even before her abilities started flaring, kids her age either admired her or feared her because of her lineage. Some bickered who will be her Beta and she was still many years from becoming an Alpha officially. It was exhausting. 
Other than Ethan, no one else treated her as an equal and she wondered if that was why she was hoping they were mates. 
At events like these, Violet was glad there were many people because the crowd allowed her to slip away. 
She didn't dare to go too far in case anyone noticed, which they did eventually, so when the event was in the packhouse, Violet would go next to the fishpond that was tucked in among willows and cherry trees. 
Many years ago, Damon and Talia visited Japan. They saw there cherry trees and ponds filled with colorful koi fish, and Talia loved it very much, so Damon transformed this area into a Japanese garden. There was a curved bridge over the narrow area of the pond, and a white gazebo that provided a great view of the water, cherry trees, and the sunset. 
Violet had her spot next to the pond where she would sit on the soft grass. For her, this was more than pretty views and colorful fish. It was a testament of true love, what a man would do for his woman, and she hoped that her mate will cherish her the way her father cherished her mother. 
Talia told Violet how only when Alpha and Luna love and respect each other, the pack can prosper, and in the case of Talia and Damon, this reflected on the whole werewolf society. 
People told fantastic tales around bonfires about Alpha Damon's undying love for Alpha Natalia, which was great material for romance and fairytales, but Violet saw it as another burden she needed to carry. Now it was not just about her ability as an Alpha, but it was about what mate the Moon Goddess will give her. It seemed that if her mate didn't love and respect her, it wouldn't matter how powerful and able she was, and her people would suffer. And what if she didn't like him? 
Violet hoped it was Ethan, but what if it was an Omega or a rogue or… human? Will he be able to stand next to her and lead their people without crumbling under pressure? What if he becomes corrupted and gives in to sins? If he is not a werewolf, he won't feel the bond and he might cheat on her. 
All that made Violet eager to find out who her mate was, but then Cornelia spoke about sex and Violet was not ready for that. What a mess. 
"Vi?" 
Violet turned to see Ethan approaching. 
"Can I join you?" He asked. 
She glanced behind him. 
"No one saw me coming here," he assured her. 
Violet gestured to her right and Ethan sat there. 
It was still relatively quiet with faint murmurs reaching them from the packhouse, but with Ethan's presence, the tranquility was disturbed. 
"Why are you here?" She asked. "Did you get bored of girls swooning over you?" 
"It's not like I'm making them do it." 
"I don't see you rejecting them either." 
"I didn't come here to bicker." 
"Why did you come?" 
Ethan hid his face in his palms. "Give me a minute." 
"Now you are making me nervous." 
"Why?" 
"Because you are delaying saying what needs to be said," Violet pointed out. 
Ethan was a straightforward guy who didn't beat around the bush. His reluctance to speak, even if it was just a few seconds long, it was a few seconds too long. This was important. 
"Mom and dad are sending me to a human city for high school," he said. 
"So?" 
"It's a boarding school up North. I will stay there and…" 
Her heart cracked. High school? Isn't that four years? "When will I see you?" 
Ethan shrugged. "For the holidays." 
"You don't sound certain." 
"It's because I don't know." 
Violet turned to stare at the pond whose surface was glistening under the moonlight. 
"Say something, Vi." 
"What do you expect me to say?" 
"Say that you will visit me." 
Violet shook her head. "I can't promise that. You know that until I learn to control my abilities, I can't leave our territory." Because it will risk exposure. And even without that, her days were filled with classes, training, and more training. 
Ethan plucked a handful of grass and started tearing it with his fingers into small pieces. "I don't want to go." 
"You should," Violet said. "A good leader learns about his allies and enemies. In order to help our packs and collaborate with humans, you should know about them. Firsthand." 
Ethan snorted. "That's what my mom said. She grew up with humans." 
"I heard the stories." 
"Humans are weak. What can they teach me?" 
"They are weak, but they are many. They have tools and weapons to make up for their shortcomings." 
"Now you sound like my dad." 
Violet stifled a laugh. 
"I won't date anyone there. I promise." 
Violet's head snapped to look at Ethan. Did he just say that he won't date anyone while in high school? "Why?" 
He shrugged. "It won't feel right, Vi." 
She hoped there was more to it. "You are saying that now. Wait for a few months." Or weeks. Or days. 
"I won't change my mind, Vi. Do you think that human girls are prettier than she-wolves? I mean… look at you." 
"What about me?" 
Ethan smirked. "You are the prettiest girl I know, and I refuse to settle for less." 
Violet was glad it was dark because her face was on fire. She knew he said that only because he didn't go there yet. She heard stories that as they enter their teen years and are growing older, werewolf's libido is increasing, for Alphas in particular. But if it was even for deceiving herself, she wanted to believe him. 
"Do you promise to stay in touch?" She asked. 
"I wouldn't want it any other way. Emails, texts, and video chats daily. I hope you will find time in your busy schedule for me. I will study hard and make connections, so I can be your right-hand man when you take over as the Alpha." 
Violet smiled. He was talking like he won't be the Alpha of the Blue River pack. Silly guy. 
Ethan extended his left arm sideways, and Violet looked at him for a second before scooting closer to lean on him. Ethan's arm draped over Violet's back, and he smiled when she leaned her head on his shoulder. 
"We used to sit like this often when we were kids," he said. 
"We are still kids," Violet reminded him, and she hoped he couldn't hear her thundering heart. "Don't make this awkward." 
Ethan chuckled. "OK." He leaned closer and his breath splashed at the top of her head. "But just so you know, you are the only girl with whom I ever sat like this and... Ow! Why did you pinch me?" 
"I told you. Don't make this awkward." 
"It hurts. Why did you twist it?" 
"You taught me that." 
"I regret teaching you." 
Violet laughed. 
… 
In the garden… 
Damon's hostility was tangible. "I should rip that arm off." 
Talia hugged him around the waist. "They are so cute and innocent." 
Damon looked at Talia with a frown. "There is nothing innocent about it. That's how it starts." 
Talia rolled her eyes. "You would be an expert in that." 
"What is that supposed to mean?" 
"Do I really need to explain it to you?" 
"Kitten," Damon called and licked his lips nervously. "For more than a decade, I'm proving to you my loyalty." How long will she wave his dirty past in front of him? 
"I know you are loyal, Damon," Talia said, and her eyes lit up in silvery light. "If I ever doubted you, you would know." 
Damon grinned. The way she showed her power to claim him as hers always turned him on. Memories of a shy girl who was insecure were long gone. Talia was a kickass Alpha-Goddess and he was proud she was his mate. That was his mark on her neck right there! 
Talia turned to look in the direction of her Japanese garden where Violet and Ethan were. "Our Vi is having her first crush. Don't spoil this for her." 
"Are they mates?" 
"Can't you tell?" 
"Sapa is not telling me," Damon grumbled. Sapa said it was none of their business and they shouldn't pry into it. Sometimes, Damon wondered what was the point of his wolf talking when he wouldn't say anything useful. 
"Regardless of if they are mates or not, it will be a valuable experience for Vi. It's something she needs to figure out." 
Thank you for supporting my work! 
RedSonia 
###Chapter 1038 Young Alpha Violet (11)
1038  Young Alpha Violet (11) 
Talia was talking with Tanya, Cornelia, and Maya when she noticed a handsome young man at the door of the room where grownups gathered. It was young Alpha Ashton Pascal. 
Ashton's nineteenth birthday was a month away, and his Alpha physique made him look more mature than that. He was wearing a simple white shirt and jeans, but he was undeniably dashing. 
Seeing that he was standing at the door, Talia stood up to welcome him. Ever since they met about thirteen years ago, she always had a soft spot for him. 
Ashton was not a carefree boy that would run around and provoke scary Alpha Damon by getting cozy with Talia. He was a proud young man with a calm demeanor that made everyone take him seriously. 
"I am glad you made it," Talia said. 
Ashton smiled. "I couldn't miss this." 
"Aren't you going to come in?" 
"No," Ashton responded. 
"Do you want to join the youngsters? They are in the back." 
He refused. "I won't stay long. Do you mind calling Violet?" 
Talia felt sorry for him. At the age of nineteen, he was an adult, but he was at least a decade younger than everyone else present. In the back room were many youngsters who belonged to high-ranking families, but the closest in age to him had a five-year age gap which also put him in an odd situation. 
In the period where socializing with peers was important, Ashton didn't fit anywhere. 
"Do you want to talk to her in private?" Talia asked. 
"That would be great." 
Talia tilted her head to the left. "Second door. Violet will join you in a minute." 
"Thank you," Ashton said with a respectful bow. 
Ashton had an Alpha bloodline, but Talia's status didn't allow him to greet her as an equal no matter how close they were. As a kid, he could cling to Talia, but now he was an adult and he had to stick to protocols. 
Ashton's eighteenth birthday passed which put him into the category of males that are searching for a mate. If he got touchy with Talia, Damon would see that as a direct threat to his position and could cause war. At the same time, the age gap between Ashton and Talia was not enough for him to see her as a mother figure. Again, it was an awkward situation. 
Talia's eyes lost focus for a moment as she was mind-linking Violet. 
… 
Violet straightened her skirt and entered the room that was filled with the sweet scent. 
The light was off and that allowed Ashton's silhouette to stand out in front of the moonlit window. 
Ashton had an impressive Alpha physique that was fully developed. He was not like Ethan who was tall with wide shoulders while the rest of his torso still waited to be filled with muscles. 
Violet tried not to think about all the girls who were throwing themselves at Ashton. Ashton had a thing where he would sit at the head of the table and give his signature half-smirk, and that would cause female-scented panties to fly his way. Violet thought those females were gross and she would reprimand Ashton for teasing them, but Ashton would always laugh it off. 
Ashton was kind and playful, but Violet felt a different atmosphere in that room. It was tense. 
"Why are you in the dark?" Violet asked. 
Ashton turned to her. "Do you need light?" 
"Not really," Violet said. "But my mom says that we should keep the lights on of respect for other creatures who are not blessed with the gifts we have." 
"There is no need to accommodate others who are not here." 
Violet didn't have an argument against that. "When did you arrive?" 
"Just now." 
"Did you have dinner? Will you join us in the backroom?" 
"No, and no. I have other plans." 
Violet was confused. Why was the usually chatty and friendly Ashton distant? Since she was aware of her existence, Ashton was by her side. He was always around, like an older brother who taught her things and prevented her from getting hurt. 
"What are you not telling me? If you didn't come here to eat or hang out, why are you here?" 
"I came here to give you this," Ashton said, and Violet's eyes widened when she saw the hand which he was hiding behind his back so far. It was a bouquet of carnations. White carnations, her favorites. 
"Happy birthday, Vi." 
Violet accepted the flowers and took a deep breath. The sweet scent put a smile on her face. That was the one she picked up the moment she stepped into the room. 
"My birthday is next week," Violet said. 
"I know." 
"So, why the flowers now?" 
"Because I wanted to give them to you in person." 
Violet needed a moment to process that information. "You won't be here next week." 
Her heart ached because it would be her first birthday without Ashton's presence. On top of that, Ethan was also leaving. The only two males who didn't look at her like a child, or worship her like a leader will be leaving. 
She pressed her lips into a line to hide the fact that her chin was shivering. 
"Will you miss me?" 
Violet felt like slapping him. "What kind of a question is that?" Of course, she will miss him, but… "Wait! How long will you be gone? Where are you going?" 
"I'm of age now and…" 
"You are going to find your mate," Violet ended his sentence sourly. 
They were not connected at the hips, but Ashton was always available. Once he finds his mate, things will change. What if Ashton's mate doesn't like her? What if his mate says that Ashton shouldn't talk to Violet at all? Where will that put her? Will she lose him? Her heart ached at that thought. 
Ashton puffed his cheeks. He would tease her more, but her dejection was obvious, and he didn't want to allow this to go too far. 
"I'm going to train." 
Violet's head snapped up to look at him. "Train? Aren't you the strongest one out of our generation? You can wipe the floor with everyone." 
"That's because I am older, stronger, and I had more practice. In a few years, you guys will catch up to me unless I step up. If Ethan or Jacob win in a match against me, I will need to give up on my pack out of shame." 
Violet admired Ethan a lot, and her brother was a skilled warrior, but she couldn't see them winning against Ashton. The difference was too much. However, she also understood what Ashton was talking about. Wasn't she set on training hard and improving? 
"Where are you going? Do you think I could join you when I get a break?" She liked training with Ashton. 
"I will start with the mountains and head wherever my paws take me. I will be gone for at least a few months, years maybe." 
Her eyes widened to the point of hurting. "Years?" Wasn't that the same as Ethan? 
"Don't worry. I will schedule a flower delivery for your birthdays, so you don't miss me. What do you want me to send you for Christmas?" 
Violet felt like crying. She lunged at Ashton and gave him a tight hug. 
"Stupid. I don't need flowers and presents. I want you here," she mumbled into his chest. 
"Vi," Ashton called stiffly. "You should let go." 
Violet looked up at him and blinked. "Why? Is me hugging you a problem? We did that so many times before." And they had much more bodily contact when Ashton pinned her to the mat when they exercised. 
Ashton groaned and pried her hands away from him. "I am not a child anymore. You can't jump like that on me or on any other male. Why don't you think about consequences?" 
He pinched her chin and made her look at him. "Or are you willing to give yourself to me?" 
Ashton's breath splashed on Violet's face, and she wondered if he always smelled of carnations, or if it was just now because the flowers were right there. 
Violet became aware of their position, and she felt the heat climbing rapidly up her neck. She wanted to move away, but her body refused to cooperate, and she couldn't budge. 
 --- 
Violet's and Ethan's pics are added to chapter 1027. 
Ashton's pic is in the comments of this chapter!
###Chapter 1039 Young Alpha Violet (12)
1039   Young Alpha Violet (12) 
Violet's brain stuttered. Ashton was impossibly close and she could see his eyes flashing dangerously. 
Did he ask if she would give herself to him? 
Ashton's proximity would always put her at ease, but now the anxiety was tying her stomach into knots. Ashton's aura was sharp and volatile, threatening to consume her. 
"Whaaaat?" Violet squeaked. 
Ashton took a step back and shook his head. "You are not of age, but you should know that not everyone is easygoing. Keep doing that, and someone will take advantage of you." 
"But you won't," she said with all the confidence she could muster while trying to conceal how flustered she was. 
Ashton could see she was faking her courage, but he didn't want to call her on it. Did he overdo it? He released a long breath and decided to switch gears. 
"Do you hate me that much? If you don't want me near me, just say so, and I…" 
"Woah! Woah!" Violet exclaimed. "Where did that come from? I don't hate you. You are one of my favorite males." 
Ashton smirked. "Really? I find that difficult to believe." 
"Why?" 
"If your father saw us with you sticking to me, I would be a goner." He knew very well what overprotective Damon would do, and the dark Alpha was guarding Violet as much as he guarded Talia. "How can you call me your favorite, when your acts will bring me a slow and painful death." 
Violet opened her mouth and closed it. She couldn't deny it because Ashton was right. If scary Damon Blake saw his only daughter clinging onto Ashton, her father wouldn't ask any questions before inflicting heavy injuries on the said boy. But Ashton was not a boy anymore. He was a man, the one who was searching for his mate, and that meant sex and other outrageous things Cornelia mentioned. Did Ashton have sex already? Violet tried not to think about it. 
"When are you leaving?" Violet asked. 
"Tonight." 
Her stomach dropped. "Why so soon? Why not later?" 
"Later? What should I wait for?" 
"My birthday is next week." 
He nodded in acknowledgment. "If I stick around for every birthday and celebration, I will never leave." 
"Do you need to leave?" Violet realized her question was ridiculous. Of course, he had to leave. Just as Ethan was leaving. "Sorry. I didn't mean to be selfish. I just…" She exhaled sharply. "I wish you good luck, Ash. Train hard and return victorious." 
Ashton smirked. "You are talking like a true Alpha." 
"It takes one to recognize one." She raised her fist and punched his shoulder weakly. "Don't do anything reckless. Return in one piece. Safety first." 
"Don't worry about me and focus on yourself. I won't be here to keep an eye on you, so I will leave you with one advice." 
Violet's eyes were open wide. "Which one?" 
"Don't do anything you will regret later." 
Violet nodded earnestly. 
"Train hard, Vi. When I return, I will check on your progress with studies and we will spar." 
'If your mate allows it', Violet thought but she didn't say it aloud because she didn't want to spoil the mood. 
Somehow, she had a feeling that when she sees Ashton the next time, things will be different. Will he be with his mate? 
Violet couldn't picture it properly. Would his mate be tall or short? Blonde, brunette, or a redhead? Will she have freckles or dimples when she smiles? No matter what, Ashton will worship her, and Violet will be a friend, or maybe just a fellow Alpha he seeks when there are pack-related matters. 
She knew that she shouldn't obsess about it, but she couldn't help it. When a werewolf finds a mate, everything changes, and they were close to the age when that will happen. The uncertainty was unnerving. 
Her heart ached at the thought that things will never be the same. 
"Ash?" 
"Yes, Vi?" 
"Can I get a goodbye hug?" 
He opened his arms and she stepped into his embrace. 
"I will miss you, Ash," she said while fisting his shirt. 
He patted her back. "I will miss you too, Vi." 
… 
Violet didn't feel like partying anymore. Her two favorite males were leaving, and things were changing, and she didn't like it. 
She went to the garden and found a bench hidden between rose bushes. She would go into the forest, but they had guests and she knew that she would end up in trouble if she just disappeared now. A few more hours and the guest will leave, and then she can go and be sad on her own. 
"Vi? Why are you here?" 
Violet cursed internally because she thought she was being sneaky. She wanted to be alone, but Lavender found her. 
"I just wanted some air," Violet said. 
"Can I join you?" Lavender asked, but she was already sitting on the bench. "Why are you sulking?" 
"I'm not…" Violet stopped talking when she saw Lavender's who-are-you-kidding expression. "I just have a lot on my mind. That's all." 
"Why are you so secretive? Is that some Alpha stuff I won't understand?" 
"Not really." Violet slid down and stared at the star-speckled sky. "Aren't you worried about what the future will bring? Things are changing and everything is uncertain, and I have no idea how to deal with it. People expect of me to be the leader and fix everyone's problems and I don't know how to fix mine." 
"That's some deep transcendental shit that belongs to another dimension." 
Violet frowned. "What is that supposed to mean?" 
"No one is expecting you to fix anything. Look at you. You are not even thirteen. I, for one, have no intention of letting you anywhere near my problems. As for the future, you just need to take it one day at a time." 
"Easy for you to say." 
"It should be easy for you also. I have no idea why you are stressing about things that are not here and that might not happen. I don't know what you are imagining, but I can tell you that from this exact point in time, there are endless possibilities and there is no way we can be ready for each of them, so we might as well relax and enjoy the ride. We will deal with things as they come." 
"Those are some wise words. Did your dad tell you that?" 
Lavender smiled. "It was my mom." 
"She did?" Violet always thought of Mindy as her mother's noisy friend. 
"You know that my mom is from an Alpha family, right?" Lavender asked and she waited for Violet to confirm before continuing. "My mom grew up as Mindy River, the Alpha female who was handling multiple charities and had a bright future ahead of her. That's how others saw her. My mother was not so optimistic. She feared her future as a Luna, entangled in politics and packhouse drama, and trying to keep her Alpha mate from sleeping around. But then she met my dad. He was older, without a rank, and it was nothing like she was imagining it, yet it all fell into place perfectly. She realized that all her anxiety about the future was because it was not right. With my dad, she managed to maintain her identity, work on her charities, finish school, and don't give up on anything that was important. She is happy." 
Lavender turned to Violet and looked at her seriously. "Your options are to stress about things or to enjoy the present while making the most of it. In the end, it doesn't matter which path you choose, because your fate will make sure that things happen in the way they should. That's how the Moon Goddess works. Trust her and things will be alright." 
Lavender smirked proudly. "What do you think?" 
"I think you sound like an old woman." 
Lavender was outraged. "An old woman? Do you hear yourself? Worrying about anything and everything like the world will collapse if you don't stress about it!" 
"Doesn't that make us a good team?" 
Lavender's hostility sizzled away. "I guess it does." 
Violet looked up at the moon. Lavender said that the Moon Goddess will make things right. Violet 
knew that werewolves believed in that, but Violet was not a regular werewolf. She had the blood of Violet looked up at the moon. Lavender said that the Moon Goddess will make things right. Violet knew that werewolves believed in that, but Violet was not a regular werewolf. She had the blood of Gods in her veins, and it came with powers she was yet to understand. Did that mean the Moon Goddess' rules didn't apply to her? Could she make her own destiny?
###Chapter 1040 Alpha Violet (1)
1040  Alpha Violet (1) 
Five years passed… 
Violet was checking herself in the mirror. Her long black hair cascaded down her back, and her icy-blue eyes stood out on her ively attractive face that was a mix of the best parts her parents gave her (per her father). 
Violet loved how soft her ceremonial clothes felt against her body. It was a simple dark-brown leather two-piece outfit that covered her chest and a skirt, but the intricate embroidery of silver thread made it look stylish. 
She spent the last five years training and studying, and both Midnight Guardians and Dark Howlers pack accepted her as the next Alpha. She also had a good relationship with witches and other packs that were allied in the so-called Werewolf Coalition of North America. 
Violet was working closely with her parents and she was a capable warrior, skilled in wielding her God-like powers, and familiar with the pack management. The only thing pending for her to step into her role of leading the packs was the ceremony to make it official, but Talia and Damon agreed it shouldn't be rushed. They wanted Violet to enjoy her youth and hopefully find her mate before taking in the role that will consume her completely. After all, this was more than managing two packs; the stability of the relationship between creatures would be depending on Violet's leadership. 
Violet glanced out the window to see the Moon rising. It was the first full Moon in the calendar year, known as the Wolf Moon. Shaman Gideon recommended that Violet takes the lead of this pack run, as it's her first Wolf Moon since she turned of age. It was important. 
Every full moon Damon and Talia would lead a pack run for their packs that were joined, yet still kept their independence. This included the branch of the Frostcrest pack that lived in the territory of the Dark Howlers pack and was following Commander George and Dawn as their Alpha and Luna, and they all submitted to Damon and Talia. 
Each pack run was a massive event where wolves that came of age would participate in. Some wanted to prove themselves and rise in the ranks, some were looking for mates, and some came for the party filled with carnal pleasures that would usually happen after the run. The last part was a hit for unmated wolves. 
"Don't be nervous. You will do great," Talia said. She was standing on the side in a matching outfit and admiring her daughter. Talia had around her neck a necklace made of teeth, it was a necklace Damon made out of creatures he hunted, and he gave it to Talia as a symbol that everything he has was hers. 
"I'm not nervous about the run," Violet said. She was back to looking outside. Her room was facing the garden where the crowd started gathering more than an hour ago. 
The chatter was getting louder and there were two big bonfires. 
"Are you nervous about finding your mate?" 
Violet snapped to look at Talia. "Will I meet him tonight?" 
Talia smiled and bobbed her head. "It's up to the Moon Goddess." 
Violet made a face. She didn't like the Moon Goddess nonsense or that Talia knew who Violet's mate was, yet she kept mum about it. 
Violet's eighteenth birthday was five months ago, yet she didn't find him. But if Talia knew about him, that meant Violet met him, right? RIGHT!? 
"If he is down there now, should I feel him?" Violet asked. 
"That depends on the strength of your bond. If you are not ready, even if he is right in front of you, you won't sense him." 
"And if I am ready?" 
Talia smiled. "Then you can sense him from a great distance. Your wolf will help you." 
"She will?" 
"It will be like an invisible pull to the place you need to be. His scent will draw you in, and the touch will come with sparks that will confirm he is your mate." 
Violet thought how that was romantic. 
Who could be her mate? 
Violet still had hopes that it might be Ethan. After all, they grew up together and were close. 
Their interaction dwindled once he started high school in the human city, and instead of returning home last year and focusing on his upcoming Alpha role, he decided to go to college. 
Alpha Maddox was against it, but Luna Tatiana said that a few years won't make a difference. 
Ethan was proud to get a sports scholarship. He was the best football player in his school, and it was a big prestigious school that only rich kids could attend. Violet told him it was cheating, but Ethan said he was using what mother nature gave him and there was nothing wrong with that. 
Due to Ethan's classes and practice, he didn't visit for prolonged periods of time, and when he was not busy with school, his parents would send him for training because he was not paying attention to his future-Alpha duties. 
Violet and Ethan kept in touch with messages and video calls, but the last time they saw each other in person was nearly a year ago. 
Violet had a chance to visit him, but she chickened out. Seeing him after she came of age would mean confirming if they were mates. If they were, everything would change forever, and if they weren't… what then? 
And what if her mate was out there, right now, in that crowd? 
The noise from the door burst Violet's bubble and she turned to see triplets coming in, wearing matching ceremonial clothes. Those were Scarlet, Page, and Robin, Beta's daughters. Those three were now stunning brunettes, skilled in work that required managing the pack and tracking individuals by scent and by electronic means. Three sisters spent one year in a high-tech camp where they learned ins and outs of anything electronic-related that's connected to the internet or cellular network. 
Scarlet, Page, and Robin didn't know if Violet will pick them as her Betas when the time comes for Violet to take over her role as the Alpha officially, but they were confident that their skills secured them indispensable high-ranking roles in the pack. 
Violet looked at the triplets who were visibly excited. 
"Ready?" Violet asked. 
Three sisters nodded at the same time. 
Scarlet glanced at Talia. "Do you think that we will find out mates tonight?" Their mom told them about Malia (aka Talia's mating service). What started as a rumor became an unconfirmed fact because every unmated person of age would find their mate as long as they stuck close to Alpha Natalia. 
Violet turned eighteen years old five moons ago, but this was the first pack run for the triplets whose eighteenth birthday was just one week ago. 
Talia smiled at the triplets who looked at her eagerly. "I will leave you girls to chat. You have ten minutes." 
"Mom!" Violet called. "If the pack doesn't follow me…" 
"They will," Talia interrupted Violet. "Have confidence. You are not an official Alpha, but they all accept you as the next in line. Focus on leading the way after the ceremony is over. If any pack member doubts you, they will change their minds once they see your family supporting you." 
--- 
Pics of Violet and the Beta triplets are in the comments 
Pictures of Violet and the triplets (Scarlet, Page, and Robin) are in the comments. 
RedSonia 
###Chapter 1041 Alpha Violet (2)
1041  Alpha Violet (2) 
Page eyed Violet's outfit. "You look stunning. I'm sure your mate will love it." 
Violet's stomach tightened. "Can we not talk about it?" 
"What DO you want to talk about?" Robin asked. "Don't you want to find your other half?" 
"I do but…" It was also scary. What if he is no good? What if he doesn't like her? 
"But?" Scarlet asked. 
Violet shook her head. "The crowd down there looks like a lot of people, but it's just a fraction when compared to the world. My mate might be from a different pack, or a human, or maybe in a different realm. I want to focus on the run. I will find my mate when the time comes. That's it. Help me get ready." She turned her back to Page. "This string is a bit loose. Fix it…" 
The door opened and Lavender stuck her head inside. 
Lavender was always the stylish one, wearing high-end clothes that matched and flattered her curvy figure. This time, she also didn't disappoint. Her full chest was covered with the light-brown leather fabric that matched the skirt she was wearing, and it all had intricate embroidery that her father personally commissioned a year in advance because it needed to be flawless. 
Seamstress put extra care in Lavender's outfit because the word around was that Lavender will be the next Beta, working closely under Alpha Violet, and also, Lavender's parents were impressive Beta Mindy and Shaman Gideon. 
"We should get going," Lavender said. 
Violet glanced at the time. "Mom said we have ten minutes." 
"If you don't get there in a minute, Jacob will start ravishing girls in front of their parents." 
Violet made a face. Jacob was sixteen years old, and he had no intention of controlling his licentious nature. Since he was underage, Jacob was not allowed to join the pack run, so he was making the most of this pre-ceremony gathering. Did he have sex with a female already? That was a possibility she didn't want to think about. 
Damon told them that sex is natural and they shouldn't think of it as dirty, but it's fantastic only if done with mate. Of course, that was the talk for the boys. Violet got from Damon his usual: she shouldn't allow any boy to touch her. Ever. 
… 
The ceremony was majestic. 
Shaman Gideon was chanting to appeal to the Moon Goddess to bless everyone present and the future Alpha Violet who was ready to lead the pack run for the first time. 
Mindy and Lavender were assisting Gideon, and Violet was standing with her parents and brothers. 
Many other high-ranking members were up on the podium that needed to be extended for this occasion. 
From the Midnight Guardians pack present were Alpha Axel, Luna Yasmin, Meg, Kai, Sandy, Tyler, Varya, and Grady. From the Dark Howlers pack, there were Commander George, Dawn, General Owen, Zina, James, Cornelia, Keith, Arya, Caden, Maya, Liam, Amelia, Pierce, Daria, Caleb, Trisha, Petra, and Zack. Also present on the podium were witches and Guardians Evanora, Edgar, and Declyn, Oracle Cassandra, and her mate Guardian Marco. 
It was crowded up there, but it also showed the strength of the alliance supporting Alpha Violet. If not for the custom that other packs can't join the pack run, there would be many other impressive people present. 
Youngsters who were not directly involved in the ceremony were the closest to the podium and they all hoped that Violet will take over as the Alpha soon. They wanted to stand there as high-ranking members of the pack that counted thousands of members. 
The ceremony was over, and the crowd stirred in anticipation. 
Violet could see Jacob eyeing a few girls that were nearby and she wanted to slap him. "Watch Jacob," she told Logan and Zeke who were fourteen years old, too young to be lecherous, but Violet knew that soon the craziness will catch them also. 
The youngsters will gather around the bonfires and linger there in their human and wolf forms until the wee hours of the night or until grownups chase them away. 
Violet turned to her parents. 
'Go,' Talia's voice sounded in Violet's head. 'We will be right behind you.' 
Violet released a slow breath and turned to see that Lavender, Scarlet, Robin, and Page were right behind her, ready to follow. Next to them were Edgar and Valeria, Violet's cousins, both eighteen years old. Edgar and Valeria carried the Alpha bloodline of the Moonrider family and if not for her Uncle Axel yielding to Talia, Valeria would be the next Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Violet wondered if the twins ever carried a grudge against her, but she never sensed anything malicious from them. 
Behind were Peter and Thomas, eighteen years old sons of Commander George and General Owen, respectively. 
Andrew was also there, even though Cornelia's and James' son didn't have a wolf. Violet was confident that Andrew's proficiency in magic will come in handy in the years to come. 
Now that she looked around, Violet realized that she had the support of many. 
Violet pulled the string of her ceremonial garments to slide off her body as her shape changed into a majestic golden wolf. 
'AWOOOOO!' 
Violet howled and the pack followed, thunderous noise shook the surrounding forest and scared all the critters in the area. 
Violet let her wolf take over, and she jumped into the nearby foliage, knowing that her friends and members of two packs will be right behind her. 
She relished the feeling of soil and grass under her paws, the wind in her fur, it was euphoric. 
Violet was proficient in manipulating air and creating winds. She could sense the landscape before it came into view, it was like she became one with nature. 
Forward. Left. Her instincts were guiding her, and she didn't resist. 
'Vi?' Lavender's voice snapped Violet out of her euphory. 'Where are you going?' 
Violet blinked. She was at the border of the Dark Howlers pack. Just a few steps away was the allied territory of the Spring Leaf pack. They had open borders, but it was custom that the pack stays within their territory. Where was she going? 
Violet knew she should turn back, but something told her to continue. 
'Go on without me,' Violet said. 'I need to check something.' 
'Do you think they will follow me?' 
'Ask mom and dad for help…' Violet responded and dashed into the forest. There was something there. Like a faint call only she could hear, and her wolf was urging her to check it out. 
Straight ahead. Faster. Over the rocks. Beyond the field. Faster. 
Violet's paws stopped in the soft grass at the edge of a meadow. Her eyes widened at the sight of a majestic gray wolf. He was just standing there, his fur shone under the moonlight, and she wondered if he knew she was there. 
His head turned and their eyes met, and Violet felt invisible threads snapping into place. Mates. 
He shook his head and started running away from her. 
'WAIT!' Violet shouted through the mind link, but he didn't respond. She realized he couldn't hear With a thought, a gust of wind twirled around Violet and she was gone. 
13:52 
The wind swept through the forest and Violet appeared right behind the gray wolf, close enough to her which meant that he was not from the Dark Howlers pack or from the Midnight Guardians pack. She had a mind link with both. 
Violet's legs moved on their own and the chase was on! 
She followed the sweet scent that was familiar, yet her thoughts were too muddled for her to pay attention. 
Where did he go? Why would he go? Didn't he know they were mates? Did he not want her? 
Violet's steps slowed down. 
Right. He didn't want her. Why else would he run away? 
Her heart cracked. Maybe she should turn back and go to her pack. Even with open borders, what she was doing was trespassing. It was a wonder that she didn't bump into border patrols of the Spring Leaf pack. 
She turned away and froze when she met the gray wolf less than a step away from her. 
Violet was too flustered to react and the next thing she knew, he licked her maw and dashed away. 
What was that!? 
Her heart was not aching anymore because she understood that her mate was playful. He wanted her to chase after him. 
Well, if he wanted a chase, he was up to a surprise. 
With a thought, a gust of wind twirled around Violet and she was gone. 
The wind swept through the forest and Violet appeared right behind the gray wolf, close enough to nip at his tail. 
He snorted, as if he called her a cheater, and took a sharp left. 
Violet urged her feet to move faster because this time she wanted to catch him for real. 
But he was fast and nimble, and his wolf was large and… an Alpha. Her mind was a mess. With years of following her parents, Violet was confident she knew all Alpha wolves in North America, yet this one was unfamiliar. Who could it be? 
--- 
Pics of Lavender and wolves from the Blake family are in the comments. 
Can you guess the identity of Violet's mate? 
RedSonia 
###Chapter 1042: Alpha Violet (3)
Chapter 1042: Alpha Violet (3)
Violet paused to look around because she lost track of the majestic gray wolf.         
She sniffed the air but everywhere smelled sweet, and she couldn't determine which way he went.     
Violet was frustrated. How could she lose track of her mate, twice in one night?     
She was about to summon the winds for help again, but then she heard a small sound on her right, and before she could react, they toppled, and he pinned her down with his body.     
Violet struggled to get free, but it was like he knew her moves before she made any.     
She growled in frustration and released her Alpha aura.     
Everything stilled.     
Violet blinked. Did she overdo it? Did she harm him?     
She jolted when he licked her maw and jumped to the side.     
He rotated twice like he was chasing his own tail and then he dashed into the bushes.     
Violet couldn't believe this! Was he taunting her!?     
Her Alpha temper took over and she dashed after him.     
She used the winds to track him down. He was only a few steps ahead of her, with a bush between them, or a tree, and no matter how fast she moved, he always maintained that distance. How irritating!     
Violet wanted to use her magic, but she remembered his derisive snort from the beginning of their chase. He didn't approve of her using her ability and she didn't want to appear weak, so she stopped using the winds.     
How could she catch him now?     
Another thought hit her. Shouldn't the male chase after the female?     
Sure, she was the most powerful Alpha, thanks to the bloodline her parents provided, but she didn't want to dominate her mate. She wanted them to be equals, just as her parents were. Damon Blake and Natalia Moonrider were immensely strong, but what made them undefeatable was that they never competed against each other.      
Violet stopped and sniffed the air. This didn't feel right. Should she just give up? It was obvious he was toying with her.     
She always imagined that the mate bond will come with attraction and he will be romantic in an attempt to win her heart beyond what the bond provided, and this was none of it. Her pride hurt and her heart cracked.     
Violet turned to leave, and she paused at the sound of leaves rustling behind her.     
She was determined not to chase after him, but she still wanted to see what was going on.     
A majestic gray wolf was pulling something from behind the tree and Violet stopped breathing when she saw him hold in his maw a bouquet of flowers.     
She stared at him as he approached her slowly and placed the flowers at her feet. White carnations. Her favorite.     
He retracted a bit and lowered his head, not exactly in submission, but he showed no intention of pursuing the chasing game.     
The sweet scent wafted into her nostrils and her mind exploded. There was only one male that gave her white carnations, but she didn't see him in five years. Was it him or someone who found out that those were her favorites? But not many knew that. Ethan knew, but he was not really a flower-gifting guy, and this…     
With a thought, Violet changed into her human form.         
"Shift," she demanded.     
He tilted his head. Even with the wolf's face, she recognized his glee because her command didn't work on him.     
Oblivious to how her naked form impacted him, displeasure overtook Violet's senses and her eyes lit up in silvery light.     
"Shift now or I will leave. See if you can find me when I don't want to be found." No one ever offended her like this, and this was her mate, a person who should cherish her and dote on her, and he was doing none of that. Except for flowers.     
This got his attention. The winds picking up from every direction told him she meant business.      
He took a step back and her eyes widened when the fur got replaced by bare flesh to reveal a muscular form of a male whose upper body was covered in tattoos.     
He was sitting on the ground with his leg raised at the knee to conceal his erection. Her scent was driving him mad, and her body was a thousand times more alluring than he imagined it would be. He waited for such a long time.     
"Hi, Vi." His deep voice stirred butterflies in her chest. "Did you miss me?"     
"Ash," she said under her breath.     
Ashton Pascal was in front of her, in his naked glory.     
Any boyish features she remembered him by were gone and she was confident he didn't have an ounce of fat on his body. Only muscles and tattoos which were new yet oddly familiar, but his eyes were the same as she remembered them.     
"Did you like my presents?"     
Violet was unsure what to make of this situation. For five long years, she didn't see Ashton. She would get white carnations on her birthday and various presents for Christmas with a short generic note "Merry Christmas" or "Happy Holidays" and his name under it, and that was how she knew he didn't forget about her.     
Luna Michelle told her that Ashton was fighting rogues up North, and then on the East, and she read reports about how he eradicated a rogue pack by himself while he moved down South. Everyone praised him as the hero who was doing a big favor to their society, and she was proud of him, she really was, but she didn't understand why he never visited because she missed him immensely.     
"Vi?" He called and got closer to her, this time on his knees, his body half bent.     
"Five years, Ash," she said, her voice breaking from tears she refused to let fall. She had so many questions. "That day…" She inhaled a choppy breath. "When you left… Did you know we were mates?"     
He didn't want to lie. "Yes."     
"And you left? Why didn't you tell me?"     
"I didn't?"     
Violet couldn't recall every word of that conversation from five years ago, but she was quite confident that she wouldn't forget the detail of them being mates. "If you did, I would remember it."     
Violet's heart flipped when Ashton's image blurred to stop right in front of her. She never saw anyone move so quickly. Was he even trying to run away when she was chasing him?     
She could feel his sweet carnation-infused breath on her face and her chin tingled when he held her there.     
"Are you willing to give yourself to me?"     
Violet blinked. That was an abrupt change in topic. "What?"     
"That day, I asked you, are you willing to give yourself to me," Ashton said. "I could sense how flustered you were, and I knew I had to leave." His hand moved to the side, and he put his palm on her cheek.         
Violet closed her eyes as the delightful sparks danced on her skin, traveling straight to her brain and the rest of her body as their mate bond became stronger by the second.     
"You were not ready, Vi, and I would be an asshole if I claimed a thirteen-year-old girl just because I knew she was my mate. I couldn't put you through it, not before you could feel it too, but your proximity was too much for me to handle without claiming you. I didn't want to risk snapping and doing something you would hate me for."     
Violet's eyes blurred with tears. She remembered it now. She hugged him and he said to not do it lightly because he was of age. And he was right. She was not ready, but...     
"What about the last few months? My eighteenth birthday was five months ago. Why did you wait?"     
###Chapter 1043: Alpha Violet (4)
Chapter 1043: Alpha Violet (4)
Ashton stared at Violet, his eyes filled with emotions.         
He couldn't believe she thought he was avoiding her of his choice! She thought he was rejecting her, and it was killing him from the inside.     
"Do you think I didn't want to come sooner? I was stuck in Florida, chasing a rogue that was different." With abilities that a werewolf shouldn't have. It was not the first hybrid Ashton fought against, but this one was stronger, smarter, and more vicious than the others. "I counted weeks, days, hours, minutes to your adulthood, but shit happened." Ashton was gravely injured and nearly died. The thought of seeing Violet was the only thing keeping him alive. He didn't want to say all that and spoil the mood. "I had to finish the job, otherwise I wouldn't be able to face famous Alpha Violet as her equal."     
Violet could sense that Ashton was hiding something.     
"You were chasing rogues?" Or was he chasing women?     
"I would assume that reports of my activities reached you," Ashton responded. "Or were my deeds not worthy of you?"     
"If I knew you were doing it for me, I would pay more attention."     
"Six years, Vi."     
She didn't get it. "What?"     
"I am waiting for you to grow up for six years. My wolf nearly went feral, more than once. The only thing keeping me sane was killing rogues and counting the days until I could see you."     
Violet eyed his muscular body and she couldn't miss the numerous tattoos. If he didn't care about women, why did he decorate his flesh with all that ink?      
She turned away from him and crossed her arms over her chest. "I'm sure you did something else to keep you sane."     
"Like?"     
Her hair rose when she felt his breath at the back of her head and the heat increasing behind her told her he was impossibly close.     
"Women," she said in a small voice.     
"What women?"     
Violet shrugged. "The ones that kept you company when you felt lonely and…" Horny.     
"There were no women, Vi."     
She whipped her head to look at him suspiciously. "Not even one?"     
He thought for a moment. "About two years ago, I was deep in the mountains, and I hunted a goat. Her fighting spirit reminded me of you, and I contemplated if I should fuck her or eat her."     
Violet's eyes widened. Somehow, Ashton being intimate with a goat was worse than if he bedded ten women at once. Or was it? "What did you do?"     
"I was more hungry than horny."     
Violet didn't think it was funny. "Are you messing with me? You can't tell me you were living like a monk in the mountains without getting in contact with females. You had to visit human towns, or should I believe that those tattoos are natural?"     
He looked at himself. Those tattoos were embedded with witches' magic to boost his connection with nature and enhance his body. It was painful like hell and his wolf nearly perished during the last phase of chants. Who could think about getting frisky with women when his body was writhing in agony?  Ashton hated every minute of it, but it was necessary if he was to survive numerous clashes against the rogues everyone called hybrids, the new species created in the lab by humans who were combining werewolves with things that gave them abilities. Not every experiment was successful, some created abominations, but Ashton didn't want to talk about it, not now.     
Only a few people at the top knew about hybrids and Ashton was aware that Damon and Talia kept this information from Violet because they wanted her to grow up carefree as long as possible. Now that he returned, ready to take the role of Violet's mate, it was Ashton's duty to keep protecting her and not break that innocent kindness that was oozing out of her.     
"Vi, I am waiting for six torturous years. I need an answer now. Do you accept me as your mate?"         
Did she accept him? What kind of a question was that?     
Violet knew Ashton from the day she was born. He was always there to support her and teach her things, he was the person she could rely on. She didn't see him for the last five years, but the connection was there. Ashton was her other half, the piece she was missing to be complete. How could she say no to that?     
Violet spread her arms and threw herself at him.     
They both groaned at the shock of sparks that prickled wherever their bodies touched, and that was a lot of surface because they were naked.     
"Vi," Ashton called with difficulty. "How many times do I need to tell you to not throw yourself at males?"     
"You are not just any male. You are my mate."     
Ashton's eyes clouded with lust, but he pushed that back. He needed to stay in control for just a bit longer. "Are you saying that you accept me?"     
A million butterflies exploded in her stomach, making her queasy. "Yes, Ash. I can respond to the question you asked me five years ago." She licked her lips nervously. "I am willing to give myself to you."     
"Only me."     
"Yes, yes!" Violet confirmed. Why were they still talking? Was he hoping she will change her mind?     
"Ahh!" Violet cried when Ashton picked her up into his arms without any warning.     
He smirked smugly, enjoying her flustered expression. "Hold on tight."     
Violet had no idea what to expect, and her breath got caught in her throat when he started running. The scenery around them turned into blurs and she could feel the air becoming colder due to the speed he achieved.     
Violet gripped Ashton's shoulders and observed his face that tightened due to his attention on the road to wherever he was taking her. Violet knew they were moving away from the Dark Howlers pack, and she didn't care about the details because she was with her mate. Finally.     
She thought that it was silly how for years she was wondering who her mate would be, yet she knew him since birth. That was one of the reasons why she was able to relax and let him take the lead. Over the years, Ashton proved himself as reliable and he did everything with utmost care. Actually, whenever she was imagining her mate, she would think along the lines, 'I wish he had this-and-this like Ash…'     
Violet ended up staring into his usually hazel eyes which had an otherworldly purplish-blue hue that glowed in the dark. She never saw anything like it, and she wondered how many more secrets Ashton was keeping for her to uncover.     
Ashton knew Violet was watching him and he could feel her approval, adoration, and curiosity. He focused mightily on his surrounding because one slip-up might end up with them splatted against a tree and that would leave a horrible first impression. It was silly to think about this as a first impression because they knew each other for a long time, but Ashton was aware that this was the first time for Violet to look at him as a man. It was important and it was making him extra horny.     
###Chapter 1044 Alpha Violet (5)
1044  Alpha Violet (5) 
Violet squirmed in Ashton's arms, making him slow his run. 
"Are you uncomfortable?" He asked. "Just a minute and we will be there." 
"Where are you taking me?" She knew all the main roads and landmarks in the allied territories, but Ashton was taking her through a forest she had never seen before. Was taking a road she was unaware of, or did they exit the allied territories already? 
He smiled a little. "You will see." 
Violet gave up trying to figure him out. The point was that she trusted him, so she leaned her head on his shoulder and took a deep breath to fill her lungs with his scent. Carnations, her favorite. How come she didn't realize his unique scent before? Ashton would always bring her flowers, and she assumed that the sweet scent came from the white carnations in her hands. She was so silly. 
She was giddy at the thought that her mate was tall, muscular, and impossibly handsome, and he was stark naked and carrying her somewhere they will find privacy and have sex. 
Ashton's smile froze when he picked up the scent of her arousal. With a low growl, he was back to a full run. 
During their time apart, Ashton was imagining how it would be when he reunites with Violet. He expected that she will be angry and ask him to make up to her. Part of him feared that she had someone else by her side because she couldn't bear the loneliness, but he was happy now because he couldn't smell any other male on her, and she didn't have any demands before accepting him. She was gorgeous and perfect, just as his mother described her. 
Ashton didn't tell anyone that Violet was his mate, but he had a feeling that his mother suspected it because he didn't ask about any other female while he was away. At the same time, he was nearly confident that Talia knew. Talia was looking at him teasingly since he came of age, but she never said anything, and he was grateful for it. 
Ashton clearly remembered the moment when he realized that Violet was his mate. At that time, there was only one thing on his mind: RUN! 
It was at his eighteenth's birthday party. His mother invited everyone! 
Ashton was standing at the podium with his mother and father, they were telling him to blow out the Violet looked around and took note of the dense forest surrounding them. 
22:39 
Her eyes widened at the sight of the two-story dwelling that looked like a massive cottage. Big candles, but he ended up staring at the table where Damon and Talia were with their offspring. Damon was glaring daggers at Ashton, thinking that the birthday boy was looking at Talia, unaware that Ashton's gaze was just a bit to the left… on the teenage girl sitting by her mother. Violet was looking at him with sparkles in her eyes and smiling innocently, oblivious to the dirty thoughts going through his mind. 
Ashton was disgusted at himself. She was just a child! 
Black Demon was on the verge of murdering Ashton because he was (according to Damon) too close to Talia, and Ashton was confident that the merciless Alpha will grant him a slow and excruciating death if he knew that Ashton was thinking about desecrating his only daughter. But that was then. Ashton was not a powerless teenager anymore. He was enduring the horniness for years and the thought of finally getting a taste of his mate was boosting his courage. 
Ashton was determined to claim his mate and deal with the consequences later. 
Violet lost track of how long Ashton was running, and her insides flipped when he slowed to a walk. It meant only one thing: they reached their destination! 
Violet looked around and took note of the dense forest surrounding them. 
Her eyes widened at the sight of the two-story dwelling that looked like a massive cottage. Big windows on the upper floor hinted at great views. 
Ashton walked straight to the door, and he paused in the living area to decide which way to go. He knew the location, but it was his first time inside this house. 
The interior was modern, with clean lines, hardwood floors, and carpets. It was decorated with trinkets that looked expensive. 
Violet sniffed the air. "Why do I smell Uncle Max and Aunt Tanya?" 
"I asked them for a favor," Ashton said. "In your or my territory, we can be found easily, and I was hoping for a few days of solitude." 
A few days!? Violet screamed internally. She cleared her throat. "So, we are in the territory of the Blue River pack?" 
"Yup. Luna Tatiana promised we won't be disturbed." She also told him that this was the same cottage where Violet was conceived, so Ashton thought it would be appropriate for the occasion. He didn't want to admit that aloud, but by claiming Violet as his mate here, it was like he was overriding Damon's power over his daughter. It was just symbolic, but Ashton felt it was important. 
"Who else knows we are here?" Violet asked. The thought of Ethan knowing made her nervous. Nothing ever happened between them, but for all her teenage years, Violet believed Ethan was her mate and she had no idea how to act when she sees him the next time. 
"Are you thinking about anyone in particular?" Ashton asked suspiciously. 
"Yes. Everyone," Violet lied and hoped he won't figure it out. 
"I spoke to Luna Tatiana and I assume that Alpha Maddox knows we are here." 
"Do they know we are mates?" 
"No," Ashton responded right away. "No one knows. I told Luna Tatiana I found my mate and will bring her here, but she doesn't know it's you." 
Violet stared at him. She just found out that Ashton was her mate, and she wanted to shout so everyone could hear her, yet he... "You are keeping this a secret for five years?" 
"I was hoping we can announce it together." He leaned closer and pressed a gentle kiss to her neck. 
Violet exhaled shakily and gripped his shoulders because an electric bold shot from the point where his lips touched her, and hit her core. That was such a sensitive spot. 
Ashton smirked. "You will wear my mark, Violet, for everyone to see. Are you ready?" 
Was she ready? "Ash?" 
"Yes, Vi?" 
"I never… With a man… I don't know how to…" 
Ashton thought she was adorable. He was 99% certain that Violet was never with a man, but hearing her say that meant the world to him. 
How was he so certain? First, because Violet believed the mate bond was sacred, and second, because her father would murder anyone who dared to put a finger on her. Ashton was familiar with their dynamics; if Damon was sleeping, Violet had four brothers hovering around her at any given time. Only a suicidal idiot would try to get frisky with the future Alpha Violet. And here was Ashton… carrying naked Violet upstairs, to the bedroom… like an idiot. Suicidal? Maybe. Horny? Definitely. 
Ashton lowered Violet onto the bed and observed her flushed cheeks. The sound of her heart pounding was audible and the rhythm matched his. 
He felt like pinching himself. After so much waiting, the time had come. His mate was right there, THEY were right there, on the bed, naked. It was happening, and he was nervous. 
Are you curious about the place where Ash brought Vi? Check out chapter 802! 
###Chapter 1045 Alpha Violet (6)
1045  Alpha Violet (6) 
Ashton looked at Violet and he could pick up all the amazing emotions he hoped for, but there was a tinge of doubt and insecurities. Was she insecure about him? Or were those his emotions? 
No, no… definitely hers. 
"Vi," he called. "Are you overthinking things?" 
"Easy for you to say because you know what to do." 
"What makes you think I know? Didn't I tell you I spent five years away without touching a woman?" 
Violet's eyes roamed his face, and she was unsure if she wanted to hear the answer, but she had to ask. "What about before that?" 
Ashton shook his head. "I was never with a woman, Vi." 
"How is that possible?" 
"I just entered my teens when I had a heart-to-heart with Talia, I mean... your mom." Somehow, now that Talia was his mother-in-law, it didn't feel right to address her casually. "I was telling her how girls were annoying and that maybe if I gave them what they wanted, they would stop chasing me. Your mother said that intimacy is like giving a piece of yourself, and one should be careful to whom they give themselves. She also said that intimacy is meaningful only when done with the person you really care about. She told me that when I meet my mate, I will realize how shallow all other experiences were and I will regret them. I thought about it. I would be lying if I said I was saving myself for my mate, but I took it one day at a time and before I knew it, it was my eighteenth birthday and…" 
"And?" Violet urged him to continue. 
"Every woman I looked at was repulsing. Even if they had long black hair, endlessly blue eyes, perfectly white skin, and an adorably perky nose, they were not my Violet Blake, the only woman I really cared about." 
Violet's insides turned into mush. "Are you saying I will be your first?" 
"I said that two minutes ago, but you didn't believe me." 
"You were speaking in riddles." 
"I was?" 
Violet raised her hand and ran her fingers through Ashton's light brown hair. "You spent five years 22:42 
away from home, fighting rogues. It must have been hard for you." 
"You never gave me a straightforward answer. Ever since we were kids, you would talk in a roundabout way and I needed to come to my own conclusions." 
Ashton chuckled. "Would it be better if I said I was a virgin?" 
"It would make this chat shorter, and we could work on fixing that." 
They both laughed and Violet relished the intimacy they shared. 
She was lying on her back with Ashton next to her. He was sideways with his head propped on his elbow. 
They were naked and his erection was pointing her way, but it was not awkward, not even a little bit. 
There was familiarity, comfort, and mutual acceptance, and she couldn't believe that she didn't see it before he left. Yes, she was only thirteen, but Ashton never made her nervous or upset and he was always there to comfort her and provide guidance when needed. She was too young to sense they were mates, but if she paid attention to the signs, she would know he was her home. 
Violet raised her hand and ran her fingers through Ashton's light brown hair. "You spent five years away from home, fighting rogues. It must have been hard for you." 
"Not as hard as watching you naked on the bed and me doing nothing about it." 
"Why don't you do something about it?" 
Ashton's brows came together as he processed her words. Violet was an Alpha, with a bloodline stronger than his, yet she was letting him take the lead. She was willingly submissive and he wondered if this was real or just another of his dreams. What she was doing was the ultimate show of trust and he felt the pinch at the back of his throat from the emotions that swelled within him. 
He licked his lips and looked down her body all the way to her toes, and then back up slowly as if he wanted to memorize every curve of her body. She was beautiful. 
"I imagined this moment so many times," Ashton said, his voice now deeper by an octave. "And now that we are here, I'm not sure where to start." 
"Kiss me, Ash. Start from there." 
Her attention darted to his Adam's apple that bobbed when he swallowed hard, and her eyes widened when he moved to hover above her. 
"Close your eyes," he said. 
"That's not happening. I want to see you. I don't want to miss a single thing." 
Violet opened her emotions fully, allowing him to feel everything she was going through. 
Ashton whimpered when he felt the amount of love Violet had for him. "You were hiding all this so far?" 
"You are not the only one who waited for your mate," Violet responded. "For the last five years, I was wondering who my other half is and if he will treat me right, and now that I've found you… I loved you from the day I was born. Don't make me wait anymore, Ash." 
"Let me know if I'm making you uncomfortable or if I'm hurting you." 
"The same goes for you." 
Ashton closed the gap between them and her eyes fluttered to close when their lips connected. 
There was an explosion of sparks right in the middle of her chest and she guessed it was the same for him because he didn't move for a few long seconds. 
Did he know that was her first kiss? Was it the first kiss for him? Violet tried not to think about it. He already told her that he never had sex before, and that should be enough. More than enough. 
She didn't think about it before, but the fact that Ashton was also inexperienced made her less inadequate. That was another sign he was exactly what she needed, her other half. 
Little by little, Ashton's lips glided over Violet's, with a bit more confidence by the heartbeat, and she could feel his arms moving around her, pulling her on him. 
They both quivered when their bodies connected because the sparks of the bond worked both ways and amplified each other. 
She had no idea what she was doing. When did he move on top of her? When did her hands end up on his back? It was a glorious back, full of firm muscles. 
Ashton couldn't believe how good it felt to have Violet in his arms. She was like a fresh spring breeze that carried the scents of the forest and wildflowers. The best part was Violet's body coiling around him, welcoming him. 
After so long away from home, he finally felt at home, with Violet. 
Ashton told himself to take his time. Don't rush. Online articles said that foreplay was important for females. But the scent of her arousal was driving him mad, he was between her legs, and she was pulling him down on her. 
He swallowed her whimper when he pressed his erection at her core, and he wondered if she the pushing and prodding down there. It was happening. 
22:43 
The push turned into pressure and the friction came with sparks that soothed the pain right away, disliked it but then her hips moved, and he felt heat and juices spreading over his shaft. It all came with the addictive sparks of their bond and he thought he will come right there that instant. 
"Fuck!" Ashton cursed under his breath and dove to kiss her deeper than before, this time his tongue moved in the rhythm of his hips as he was grinding himself on her. 
"Vi," he called. 
"Yes, Ash?" 
"Are you ready?" 
"Can't you feel my emotions?" And it was more than emotions. Her body was on fire, and she was a bit nervous but mostly super horny. 
"I need to hear you say it, Vi. I need to hear you will spend your forever with me." 
Violet gasped when Ashton opened his side of the bond, and she felt his sincerity. 
"Yes, Ash. Forever. The two of us will spend forever together." 
He smiled and went down to kiss her again and her arms snapped around him firmly when she felt the pushing and prodding down there. It was happening. 
The push turned into pressure and the friction came with sparks that soothed the pain right away, leaving only pleasure behind. 
Ashton groaned without breaking the kiss and he continued pushing until he was sheathed fully inside her. 
He raised his head a bit to see her face. Her eyes were firmly closed, and there was a tear rolling down her temple. 
Ashton kissed the tear away. It tasted like happiness because Violet was happy. 
"You feel like heaven," he murmured close to her ear, and she released a shaky sigh. 
He started rocking his hips slowly while reminding himself to stay in control and not act like a savage. 
This right here, the feeling of Violet all around him and him being deep inside her… it was everything. 
An emotional chapter. Thank you for supporting my work! 
###Chapter 1046 A crisis
1046  A crisis 
"Kitten… Kitten," Damon called while nudging Talia. 
"Mmm?" She mumbled drowsily while snuggling close to him. 
Her arms snaked around his naked torso and she buried her face into his chest to take a deep breath of his cent. Dark chocolate and the forest. Her favorites. 
Damon could feel that Talia was content, and he didn't want to disturb her rest, but he had to. 
"Kitten? Sorry to wake you like this, but we have a crisis." 
A pang of anxiety coursed through Talia. A crisis? Was it another spotting of the hybrids and their warriors were dying? But she didn't pick up any alerts. Actually, things were peaceful. "What is it?" 
"Vi is not home yet." 
Talia groaned. How was that a crisis? 
Liseli snickered in Talia's mind. 'Busted! I told you this will happen. Your mate won't like that you kept this from him.' 
Talia tuned out her wolf. It was like Liseli enjoyed whenever Damon's feathers were ruffled. 
Talia wondered what time it was. She didn't hear the noise that was normal for daytime. 
Talia opened her right eye a bit to see that the dawn was cracking outside. She knew that Damon would notice Violet's absence, but she hoped the kids will have more time for themselves before Damon interrupts them with his wrath. 
"Why are you not sleeping? Vi is a grownup, Damon. She might be hanging out with friends. It wouldn't be the first time." She hoped this will pacify her handsome demon. 
Damon huffed. "Vi left the pack run early. She is not in our territory and her closest friends were seen at the campfires after the run. What if something happened? What if she was kidnapped?" 
"Vi has our genes, Damon. I taught her how to be careful, and you taught her how to fight. If anyone tried to kidnap Vi, I would be more worried about them. Vi can take care of herself." 
Damon couldn't believe this. "Aren't you worried?" 
"No, not really." 
"What if the hybrids got her? What if humans are experimenting on her as we speak? What if she is suffering while we are relaxing and thinking her powers are enough? No matter how powerful she is, Vi is not aware of how vile people can be and what greed will make them do. She is na?ve just as you!" 
Talia pouted. "I am not na?ve." 
Damon shook his head. "Sorry, I didn't mean that. What I wanted to say was that you always believe people will be good. How many times have I got in trouble while rescuing you because you trusted others?" 
Before Talia could respond, Damon pried her arms away from him, pushed himself off the bed, and grabbed his jeans. 
Talia's eyes snapped open as she was wide awake now. "What are you doing?" 
"I will wake up the boys and alert the guards of allied territories. We don't want to cause panic, but everyone with an ability should start looking." Damon was buttoning up his pants and he already had a plan ready. "Witches will help us track her down with a spell and we will start a rescue mission. I will call Cornelia and Amelia. Lavender will show us the exact place where she parted with Vi and we will…" 
Talia couldn't believe this. Did he really want to bring a mass of warriors and witches to Violet when the unsuspecting girl was spending the first night with her mate? 
"Damon, calm down." 
He jabbed his hand into his hair. "Calm down? Calm down!? Do you think I'm overreacting? The only thing odd here is that you can sleep peacefully while our only daughter is enduring who knows what by who knows whom!" 
Feeling violence oozing from Damon, Talia called to her wolf. 'Lis, I need your help.' 
'Deal with that man-child yourself,' Liseli scoffed. 
'I'm sure you can do something. Ask Sapa to calm Damon's emotions.' 
Sapa and Liseli had their own mental connection, and they could communicate without Damon and Talia knowing about it. 
Liseli snorted. 'Sure, rely on my mate when yours goes unhinged.' 
'Lis, please. This is for Vi.' 
'I can try.' 
Talia looked at Damon while trying to project calmness. "Violet is not in trouble." 
Damon snapped to look at her suspiciously. "How do you know?" A moment later, he narrowed his eyes at her. "What do you know that you are not telling me, Natalia?" 
Talia blinked. He used her full name, and that meant he was serious. 
She looked at her handsome mate who was wearing jeans, and his chiseled torso was fully exposed, making her throat dry. But this was not the time to get frisky because Damon was angry and there was a chance he would be angrier when he confirmed that his precious daughter found her mate. 
Talia bit her lower lip. How much should she tell him? It was not something that could be hidden for long. 
She patted the mattress. "Come here, Damon. We need to talk." 
He cocked an eyebrow at her and hesitated for a second before obeying. 
"I'm here. Talk," Damon said dryly when he sat on the bed. 
Talia realized this was beyond serious when she noticed streaks of black twirling in Damon's 15:03 
normally icy-blue eyes. 
"You know that Vi is not a child anymore," Talia said. "We talked about this. Her eighteenth birthday passed, and it was only a matter of time before…" Her voice trailed when Damon's brows came together. She never saw him frown that much. 
His eyes moved left, right, and then he jumped off the bed like he was burned. 
"Are you saying… Vi found…" Damon shook his head violently as if that would disperse dark thoughts. 
Damon was standing next to the bed with his hands balled into fists and his chest heaved. "Where is she?" His voice was low and ominous. "Tell me or I will destroy everything until I find the bastard." 
Talia realized this was beyond serious when she noticed streaks of black twirling in Damon's normally icy-blue eyes. 
Talia grabbed his hand. "I will tell you, but first… calm down. I need you to think. This is perfectly normal, and he is a wonderful boy." 
"You knew!" Damon was livid. "Since when?" Wait! That was not important. The main question was… "Who is he!?" Damon was ready to murder the boy and ensure that his filthy bloodline was extinguished. 
"I'm not telling you until you calm down," Talia said stubbornly. 
Damon sneered. "Fine. I will find them myself." 
Talia jumped off the bed and clung to him like a koala. "You will do no such thing, Damon! If you are so stubborn, I will teleport us to the middle of a jungle and it will take you a week to get back." 
Damon groaned. The sparks of their bond flared wherever they touched, and that was most of his front. 
His hands were hovering below her bare ass as he struggled to not hold her there for support. He was angry and he shouldn't give in no matter how wonderful her ass was. 
"Do you think that a week in a jungle will calm me down?" 
"If it doesn't, I will do it again and again and I will keep doing it until you calm down." She looked up at him. "Damon, be reasonable." 
Damon's jaw ticked. "Vi is my baby. You want me to be reasonable while some filthy bastard is… Ahhh!" A non-manly cry-moan interrupted his words when Talia's lips latched to her mark on his neck. 
In less than a second, Damon's mind was muddled with lust and his legs were shaky. 
Her ass fit perfectly in his palms, and he gave her a squeeze as he stumbled on the bed with Talia on the bottom. 
'You are not playing fair, kitten,' Damon spoke to her through their mind link while they worked together on the buttons of his jeans, ripping them before discarding what was left of the fabric. 
Damon wanted answers and to rescue Violet from the lecherous guy who was lucky enough to be her mate, but at that moment, the only thing Damon could think about was getting deep into Talia, and he suspected that Sapa was increasing his lust because this was not normal. 
"Fuck!" Damon cursed as he thrust into Talia in one mighty move and the way her eyes rolled to the back of her head was arousing beyond belief. 
He started rocking into her with urgency because his baby daughter needed rescuing, but first... he needed to take care of his mate who needed him the most. 
Hehehe... Damon, Damon... nearly two decades with Talia, and he didn't change much. 
###Chapter 1047 Alpha Violet (7)
1047  Alpha Violet (7) 
"Ash… Ash… Ash…" Violet moaned Ashton's name like prayer as he pounded himself inside her from behind. 
She fisted the bedsheets while chasing her release and also hoping that this will last forever. 
The room was a mess. Windows were broken, doors hung off hinges, and everything that could be broken and crushed was broken and crushed. For some mysterious reason, the bedframe was still holding on. 
Ashton and Violet were not fighting or breaking things on purpose; the mayhem was caused by Violet's powers which were erupting uncontrollably with her every orgasm. 
The sound of flesh slapping against flesh filled the space, with every thud Ashton reached deep into her and made her see stars in front of her closed eyes. 
The whole night, Ashton and Violet were entangled with each other, with only a few short breaks to freshen up and cuddle before giving in to their lust, like they were making up for the time they lost. 
Ashton grabbed a handful of Violet's hair and pulled toward him, making her back arch and give another angle for his cock to slide inside her. 
For five years, five long years, he was counting the days until he will be able to see his mate, dreaming, imagining how it will be, and the reality was so much better than anything his mind could produce. 
"Fuck, Vi!" He groaned. "I am close." And he could sense that she was close as well. 
His left hand gripped her hip to keep her in place, and he tugged her hair in one small jerk. 
"AHH!" Violet cried as the sting on her scalp flared in pleasurable waves, tipping her into rapture and her body tensed as she dissolved into breathless moans. 
Ashton groaned when her hot pussy tightened around his cock in rhythmical pulses and he braced himself for the incoming impact, and there it was… Violet's orgasm washed over him, and his ass buckled as he shot his load inside her. 
He hated that his movements became jerky because he wanted to continue this journey. Every time was better than the previous one. 
As the last hot pulse went through his shaft to fill her up, Ashton released Violet's hair and plopped over her. 
Violet spread her arms and legs while lying flat on the sweat-drenched mattress. 
She was catching her breath and she smiled when she felt Ashton kissing the back of her shoulder. He pushed her hair aside with his nose and arranged kisses toward her neck. Her insides trembled in anticipation if he will put his mark on her. 
Violet's wolf wanted to mark Ashton, but Violet wanted them to do it together, just how her parents did (according to her mother). However, Ashton said it was not the right time. What was he waiting for? He didn't want to say. 
Ashton was hard and hot inside her, and somehow… it felt like he was larger than before? Can a man's cock grow from too much sex? Violet wiggled her hips a bit and gasped when pleasurable sparks flared in her core like she was on the verge of an orgasm again. 
"Ash… are we…?" 
He chuckled. "Stuck? Yeah." 
Violet read about the copulatory tie, but she thought that happened only when they mated in their wolf forms. 
"Ash?" 
"Hmm?" 
"Now what?" 
"Mmm," he hummed and grazed her shoulder with his teeth. 
Violet thought he might bite her there, but then she realized that was just a distraction as his hand landed on her hip and he raised her ass a bit before thrusting into her. 
"AHHH!" Violet cried and then he rocked into her again. 
Within a few seconds, Violet was muffling a mixture of curses and sobs into the pillow as she came apart again. 
Ashton's mind was a mess, and he was sure that he was floating. No amount of jerking off could compare to sex with Violet, but this… this was on a totally different level. It was beyond physical pleasure. Their wolves were resonating and amplifying their senses and he thought he might go mad from how good it felt. 
Could one suffer a mental injury from too much pleasure? 
Her pussy tightened around his swollen cock so he couldn't pull out, and every rock of his hips was hitting her g-spot and making her come in a string of orgasms that didn't seem to end, and Ashton could feel them all. On top of that, his cock was super-sensitive, and he could come with the slightest stimulation. 
His body was trembling, but he refused to give up even a second of this bliss he was sharing with Violet. He waited for such a long time to enjoy pleasures only his mate could provide. 
Ashton pushed her legs wider apart and found the best angle while pressing his chest on her back. A beautiful back. His. All his. 
The tornado around them was trashing whatever was left of that place but Ashton and Violet were too much into each other to notice. 
Ashton would ask Violet if she was alright, but he could sense that she was lost in euphory, so he released brakes and continued rocking into her making them both groan and cry as they lost count of how many times they orgasmed in those minutes that felt like an eternity, yet it was not long enough. 
… 
When the copulation tie loosened, Ashton pulled out and plopped on the bed next to Violet. 
He looked down and couldn't believe that his cock was still up and ready. Damn! Just a minute to catch his breath and he would pounce on Violet again. Definitely. 
Ashton turned to see Violet. She was in the same position he left her with hair stuck to her sweaty face. 
Ashton chuckled breathlessly and pushed her hair away. He wanted to see her expression, glad that she greeted him with a dreamy smile that told him he didn't disappoint her. 
Man's biggest pride was to satisfy his woman, no matter how accomplished he was in other fields. 
"Are you OK?" He asked. 
Violet moved a bit and grimaced when she felt hot liquid spilling out of her. She looked down. "I think I peed." 
Ashton wanted to say it was not a big deal, and if the mattress was damaged, he will say it was him but then he took a second look at the mess between her legs. It was him. 
"That's not pee, Vi. It's all me, baby." 
She stared at the soaked bedsheets below her. "Really? How can you come that much? Are you a pig?" 
She read that a pig's orgasm lasts up to 30 minutes and their cum can fill a 16oz container! Lucky pigs. 
Ashton laughed and pulled her on him. "How can you call your mate a pig? Will we make pups or piglets?" 
"That depends if they take after their mother or father," Violet responded right away. 
He loved her spunk. Ashton knew that until a few hours ago, Violet was inexperienced in the pleasures of the flesh, well... they both were, but it was different for guys. Despite that, Violet was not a shy girl. She was an Alpha, determined to take what belonged to her, and he was hers. Her confidence turned him on beyond belief. 
"Fuck, Vi! Look what you did!" He pressed his erection on her stomach. 
She reached down and wrapped her fingers around his cock. The sparks flared upon contact, and she loved that he released a barely audible "ah". It made her feel like she was in control. 
Ashton was an impressive male specimen, the best one she ever saw, and she was still adjusting to the fact that he was hers, her other half. It was beyond fantastic. 
"If this is my doing, I will take full responsibility," she said smugly. 
Ashton cupped her cheeks and gave her a kiss that made her toes curl. This, right there, the woman in his arms, was the reason why he survived the last five years. Now that the time was ripe, and she was his, he was determined to enjoy her to the fullest. The fact that she wanted him with equal fervor only amplified the passion, love, and belonging. 
Without breaking the kiss, Ashton rolled them so he was on top of her. 
"You are mine, Vi," he mumbled into the kiss. "Say that you are mine." 
"Yours, Ash," she confirmed and she relished the grin of approval that bloomed on his face. 
She could feel him prodding at her entrance and she reached down to grab his ass. 
"Take what's yours, Ash." 
"As you wish..." 
###Chapter 1048 Damon's approval (1)
Chapter 1048  Damon's approval (1)
Ashton and Violet finished tidying up after an umpteenth mind-blowing carnal session and Violet thought they will eat something or go at it again, but then he got all serious and told her to dress up. He prepared a backpack with a change of clothes for both of them. 
"Where are we going?" Violet asked while trudging after Ashton through the forest that was getting denser with every next step. 
Ashton didn't rush. He was observing, silently measuring, obviously on alert. 
Violet used winds to sense their surroundings, but she didn't find anything unusual. However, Ashton was tense and that got her worried. 
"Ash? Talk to me. What's going on? Is it rogues? Are our packs in danger?" 
Ashton glanced at her before narrowing his eyes to the distance. "It's your dad." 
Violet had the urge to flee. Damon Blake was the most awesome dad in the world, but also overprotective and when it came to the topic of Violet's suitors, Damon treated Violet like she was five years old. 
From the moment she realized that Ashton was her mate, Violet was completely focused on him and their bond, and she forgot about everything else. She had no idea what to expect from her father once he finds out she was with her mate, but she knew it won't be good. Damon coming here was worse than rogues! 
Violet wanted to tell Ashton that her father was nowhere near them, but he was oddly confident. 
"Dad is here? Are you sure?" 
Ashton took her hand into his and gave her a squeeze. "Don't worry about it, Vi. I will handle him." 
"How? Don't do anything reckless. Let me talk to him." 
Ashton turned to her and cupped her cheeks, making her focus on him. "Vi, I need to do this. I need to prove to you and to your dad that I'm worthy of you, that I'm worthy of you wearing my mark." 
Violet's insides tightened. Was that why he didn't mark her so far? There was nothing he needed to prove to her, as for her dad… "What are you going to do?" Seeing his determined expression, blood drained from her face. "Don't tell me you will fight him?" 
"I will do whatever is necessary to get his approval." 
"You don't need his approval. I approve of you and that's enough." 
Ashton smiled. "You care about your family, Vi. I don't want to put you in a position where you need to choose." 
"I would choose you." 
"You will, but you won't be happy. I want you to have all, Vi. If your dad doesn't approve of me, of us, it will taint what we have. Trust me, Vi. Trust in your mate. Can you do that?" 
Violet hugged him tightly and buried her face in his neck, his scent of carnations had the power to excite her and calm her down, but this time it had limited effect. 
"I trust you," she said, but she didn't trust her father. Damon always said that if anyone puts a finger on Violet, Damon will rip the offending finger off. What if Damon decides to rip every part of Ashton he put on her… every part he put IN her? She waited for Ashton forever and if Damon rips Ashton's parts that make him a male, their future will be ruined! 
Violet's hold on Ashton tightened. 
"I don't want to lose you, Ash." 
Ashton pressed a chaste kiss on her forehead. "You won't lose me, Vi. I am yours from the moment you were born. But we need to go now, and you will watch as I secure a blessing from your father. Can you do that for me? I need your support." 
Violet snapped to look at him. "You need me?" 
"Of course, I do. Thanks to you, I survived the last five years. Now that I got to taste you, I'm hungry for more, much more, and I'm not going anywhere. Having you by my side, cheering me on, will fuel my determination to not give up while facing the most powerful Alpha in existence." 
Violet wanted to say that her mother was the most-most powerful Alpha, but she kept that to herself because her father was a close second. 
Ashton's hand disappeared into Violet's hair and he held her in place as he kissed her slowly and tenderly, letting her feel all the emotions he had for her, and it was wonderful. 
… 
"Are you sure Violet is here?" Damon asked Talia. She teleported them to this clearing and said that Violet was on her way, but he couldn't reach Violet through the mind link or sense her presence. 
"Just a minute," Talia assured him. 
Damon snorted and continued looking around, searching for signs of Violet, but there was nothing. If this was anyone other than Talia, Damon would blow a fuse and demand an explanation. 
Rustling from the right got Damon's attention and his head whipped that way to see two figures emerging from the bushes. 
Damon's heart fell into place when he saw Violet. She was alive and appeared unharmed. 
Damon's heart tightened when he realized that Violet and a male were holding hands and his stomach churned when he recognized the boy. THAT was Violet's mate!? 
Damon felt like pulling his hair out and shouting profanities at the Moon Goddess. Was that her idea of a joke? The snotty boy who always clung to Talia was now clinging to his only daughter! 
He will never get rid of that annoying shrimp! 
Ashton glanced at Talia and then focused on Damon because Damon's hostility was tangible. 
Violet broke the awkward silence. "Mom, dad, Ashton is my mate." 
Talia smiled and gave them an encouraging nod and Damon didn't move a muscle. 
Ashton lowered his head. "It is my honor to have Violet for my mate." 
"Since when?" Damon asked stiffly. 
"Since my eighteenth birthday," Ashton responded. 
"That's why Ash left, dad. I was young and he wanted me to come of age before I find out and…" Violet's voice trailed when Damon shot her a glare. 
"This is a talk between me and Ashton. You will speak when I address you." 
Violet pursed her lips defiantly and she wanted to talk back, but Talia was quick to step in. 
"Come with me, Vi. Ash and your father have some things to discuss." 
"I'm not leaving him!" Violet protested. 
"It will be OK, Vi," Ashton assured her. 
Damon gritted his teeth and released some of his Alpha aura. 
"Are you talking like I am a bad guy?" Damon asked. "Is that your idea, or did he plant it in your mind?" 
Violet lowered her head. No one planted anything in her mind, but it was obvious that she was taking Ashton's side and she knew Damon was disappointed. There were days when she wondered if she could fight off her father's pressure, but even attempting it would be a sign of disrespect. 
"No, dad," Violet said. "No one thinks badly of you. However, Ash recently healed his grave injuries and I fear he is still not at his best. Don't hurt him." 
Damon didn't respond and Talia waved at Violet to come with her to the side. 
Violet was too distracted to notice that two more people joined them, and she was startled when she saw them standing only two steps away from her. "Uncle Cristian, Aunt Michelle!" Violet called. Why were Ashton's parents there? 
"Is it true?" Michelle asked Talia. "Our Ash found his mate?" 
Talia smiled mysteriously. "Watch and see." 
###Chapter 1049 Damon's approval (2)
Chapter 1049  Damon's approval (2)
Ashton was aware that other than Talia and Violet, his parents were also watching, and that put additional pressure on him to make this work. 
He was Alpha Ashton Pascal, the only heir of the Spring Leaf pack, and failure was not an option. 
Unfortunately, the man in front of Ashton was not just a doting father or an overbearing Alpha. That was Alpha Damon Blake, the man who is leading the largest coalition of werewolves known to history, and he wouldn't be able to achieve such a feat if his power could be measured. 
Ashton knew how possessive and protective Damon could be. Ashton was not a child clinging to Talia; he was a grown man wanting to claim Damon's daughter. Actually, Ashton had claimed her already, but they didn't seal the bond, and Ashton hoped that Damon would see that as a good thing. 
"Alpha Damon," Ashton spoke in his official voice. "Since I came of age, I knew that the Moon Goddess blessed me with Violet Blake for mate. However, she was too young, and I decided to step away and give her space to grow into the formidable female she is now." 
Damon snorted. "You wanted to say it was too much for you to watch her without touching her." 
Ashton's stomach tightened. Damon was right. If he stayed, it would be a matter of time before his wolf would take over and claim Violet, regardless of if she was ready. Ashton was able to control his wolf 99% of the time, but there was that one percent when his control slipped. Someone would get too close to Violet or look at her in a certain way, and Ashton would snap and do something he would regret forever. 
Damon raised his chin victoriously. "Don't try to sell me stories about chivalry. Do you think you can deceive me? What kind of a man leaves his underage and unaware mate unprotected?" 
"Vi was not unprotected. She had you, her mother, and her brothers, and she is not weak either. I knew Vi was in good hands." 
Damon grimaced. Ashton was right, but Damon didn't want to acknowledge it because that would be a sign of approval. 
"I am here to ask for your blessing," Ashton said. 
"You need my blessing?" 
No. "Yes. It is something that would make Violet happy, and I want her to be happy." 
"I am not a person who gives blessings," Damon said ominously. "You want to be my daughter's mate? Just the will of the Moon Goddess is not enough. You need to earn it." 
Ashton's expression didn't change a bit, but the air around him became prickly and feral. "That's why I'm here." 
Luna Michelle was an emotional mess. On one side, she was happy to see her son after a long time, and she was delighted that he found his mate, and she was proud that Violet was his mate, but… why did it look like she was about to lose her son? Was she about to witness her son being brutally murdered? The only thing stopping her from going between those two males was her mate's hand on her shoulder, holding her firmly, keeping her grounded. 
"Vi," Luna Michelle called in a small voice. "We have known you since you were born, and you know Ash, he is gentle and caring. Can you do something about this?" 
"Ash changed, Aunt Michelle," Violet said. "He is gentle and caring, but he is also determined and skilled. If I interfere, it will be a sign that I don't trust him, and I trust my mate." 
"I'm afraid that just trust won't be enough when facing your father," Luna Michelle said. 
"If Ash can't do it, he wouldn't be my mate." 
'Good job, Vi,' Talia spoke through their mind link. 'Send those emotions to Ash. He will need them.' 
Violet glanced at her mother. She was talking bravely, but the truth was that she was scared. Not because she doubted Ashton but because she knew her father. 
The only person who could stop upcoming carnage was Alpha Natalia Moonrider, but instead of worrying about the happiness of her daughter, Talia was looking at her mate with sparkles in her eyes. Would Talia allow Violet to be a young widow? 
Violet held her breath as it seemed that the whole world stilled. There was no wind, the sounds of nature were muted, and no movement could be detected as far as she could sense, like everything was focused on this showdown between two Alphas who didn't move a muscle, yet their auras were flaring as they were engaged in a motionless battle of minds. 
Ashton could feel Damon's pressure on him, and he had to balance his response delicately. Too much would be perceived as provoking and disrespectful, but too less would brand him as weak and unworthy. 
'Krrr-SNAP!-CRACK!' 
Twigs on the ground were snapping, and the trees crackled under the energy that filled the air. If any human were in the vicinity, they would suffer heavy injuries, and stronger creatures like werewolves would find it difficult to breathe and probably faint. Alpha Cristian, Luna Michelle, Talia, and Violet were able to witness this showdown because they were powerful, and Luna Michelle was unsure if she was queasy due to the aggression or due to stress. 
"Ah!" Luna Michelle stifled a cry when Damon and Ashton moved with such speed that they left afterimages behind. 
'BOOM!' 
Their fists collided in much more than just physical contact, sending a gust of wind in all directions. 
'Don't worry, Vi,' Talia said to Violet, who visibly paled. 'Your father is just testing him. Ash is doing well.' 
Violet didn't respond. If this was just a test, she didn't want to know what the real thing would look like. 
The thing was that Violet knew that her father was amazing, but Ashton's power left her in awe, and she wondered what he had gone through to reach that level. 
Violet didn't want to be condescending, but Ashton's father was an Alpha, while Luna Michelle didn't have an Alpha aura from birth; she got it after Alpha Cristian marked her, and everyone knew that their fighting power was below average when compared to other Alpha couples. The Spring Leaf pack prospered thanks to their diplomacy and negotiation tactics, and not because of power, so… how was it possible that Ashton was so strong? 
When they were frolicking through the forest, Violet observed that Ashton moved with unexpected speed, but this was much more than just speed. There was strength, and… was that magic? From where would Ashton get magic? There were no items or chants, and she didn't see him drink any potion. It was like it was coming from him directly, but werewolves didn't have magic unless they had mixed bloodlines like her mother, and Ashton was definitely a pureblood werewolf Alpha. What was she missing? 
'Don't doubt your mate, Vi,' Talia's voice sounded in her mind. 
'What are you not telling me, mom?' 
'Ash will tell you everything you need to know in due time.' 
Violet pressed her lips into a line. 'I do not doubt him, mom. I just feel that he suffered a lot.' 
'He did it for you.' 
'I don't deserve it.' 
Talia smiled. 'That's the thing about mates, Vi. They give us everything, even the things we believe we don't deserve. He is a good mate. Treasure him the way he treasures you, and you will be happy.' 
###Chapter 1050 Damon's approval (3)
Chapter 1050  Damon's approval (3)
Damon was impressed. Ashton matched his speed and strength, countering him in ways that spoke of numerous battles. That kind of finesse could be achieved only when polishing skill through life-and-death situations where Ashton had to use enough power to suppress his opponents while not using too much to exhaust his strength before the fight was over. Damon was determined to see how far Ashton could go. 
Every next move was a bit faster. Every next punch was a bit stronger. More speed. More power. 
It was a while since Damon was able to enjoy a match to this degree. His joy was tainted by the fact that he was facing a young man who wanted to take Violet away! 
As the clashes between the two Alphas became fiercer, their audience could feel the effects of violent aftershocks. 
Talia waved her hand, and an invisible shield enveloped her, Violet, Alpha Christian, and Luna Michelle. 
Violet's heart swelled with pride at the sight of Ashton, who surpassed all her expectations. She knew her mate was awesome, but Ethan and Jacob, who were the strongest warriors of her generation, looked like children compared to what Ashton was doing right there, matching her father in order to prove he was worthy of her. How could he not be worthy? 
"Vi," Talia called. "You need to lower your aura so you don't interfere with the fight." 
"What?" Violet didn't remove her gaze from the impressive display of power in front of her. She didn't do anything on purpose! 
Alpha Christian was watching his son in awe. He had a feeling that this was once in a lifetime opportunity to see a fight of this caliber. He could barely follow their movements. Even with his Alpha-enhanced vision, Damon's and Ashton's limbs often became blurs. 
Ashton was focused mightily on his opponent, using his sharpened survival instincts more than his sight because his movements depended on reflexes that kept him alive in the last five years. 
Dodging, hitting, blocking, advancing, and retreating; it was a primal dance where any mistake could be deadly. 
"Ugh!" Ashton grunted when Damon's aura-infused fist punched the air out of his lungs, and Ashton fell to his knees. 
Damon stood in front of Ashton, and his chest heaved while wondering if he really got him or if Ashton allowed this hit to land on purpose. 
"Is that all you've got?" Damon asked breathily. 
Ashton looked up at Damon. "Was it not enough?" 
Damon narrowed his eyes. "Do you think that's enough for my daughter?" 
Ashton shook his head. "No." 
"Ash!" Violet called in panic. Was he giving up on her? She wanted to run there, but Talia held her back. 
Ashton pushed himself up to his feet and looked at Damon. 
"This is not enough for Vi because no matter how good I am, nothing will ever be good enough for her. But I won't give up." 
Damon sneered. "That's brave of you to say." 
"It's the only way. She is my mate, my other half, and no matter how selfish it sounds, I will never give up. If I'm not good enough, I will keep working hard and training until I can match her, at least to some degree. In that sense, I am lucky." 
"You think that the Moon Goddess' will is enough to bring you luck?" 
"I was not talking about her. I was talking about you." 
Damon was confused. "Me?" 
"I am lucky to have you, the most powerful Alpha, to train me, teach me, and protect Violet with me. You, Alpha Natalia, young Alpha Jacob, and the other boys. The whole pack, yours and mine will protect my mate and ensure she is not lacking anything. That's why I know we will do well as long as you give us your blessings. I can make Vi happy, but I need your help to keep her safe." 
Damon snorted. "You are still a cheeky snot." 
Ashton smirked. "Coming from you, I will take it as a compliment." Over the years, Damon definitely called him much worse than that. 
"Mom?" Violet called in an urgent whisper. 
Talia released a long breath and waved to remove the shield she had created previously. "Go to your mate, Vi. He did it." 
Violet ran there, and she dug her legs into the after-the-fight, sorry-looking grass when she reached between Damon and Ashton. 
She turned to Damon. "Dad?" 
Damon had a complex expression on his face. "Is this what you want, angel?" 
"Yes, dad. He is my mate. I love him." 
Damon released a long breath and lowered his head in dejection, hoping she won't see how hard this was for him. 
Violet broke into a sad smile and jumped to hug Damon. 
"You are the best." 
Damon hugged her tightly and kissed her forehead. "If he makes you unhappy, come home. Your room will always be yours." 
"Ash will treat me well. I know it." 
Damon narrowed his eyes at Ashton. "He better be, or I will break his legs, and no amount of magic, surgeries, and healing will fix him." 
Violet didn't understand the odd choice of words, and she got on her toes to kiss his cheek. "Thank you, dad." 
She released Damon and jumped on Ash. 
Ash groaned upon impact. Every muscle in his body ached. Fighting against Damon was worse than handling five rogue packs at the same time. 
"Are you OK?" Violet asked while examining his face anxiously. 
Ashton wrapped his arms around Violet, and he took a deep breath that filled his system with her scent of the forest and wildflowers. "I am now." Everything was so much better with Violet in his arms. 
"Can I congratulate you?" 
Violet turned to see Talia standing there with her arms open for a hug, and the proud mama stepped closer to hug both Violet and Ashton at the same time. 
"Take care of each other," Talia said. "Don't leave anything for tomorrow. If there is something you want to do, do it now." 
Luna Michelle and Alpha Cristian also came to congratulate the young couple and to give their advice. It was obvious that Michelle and Cristian were overjoyed and slightly afraid of Damon, who was standing stiffly and brewing in acceptance of the inevitable. 
Talia hugged Damon and spoke through their private mind link, 'You did great. I am proud of you.' 
'You are?' Damon asked. 
Talia was well aware that Damon was on the verge of ripping Ashton into pieces, but he didn't. If Damon wanted, he would use his ability, and Ashton would perish in a matter of seconds. 
'What tipped the scale?' Talia asked. 
'The little snot told the truth. He will never be good enough for Vi. As long as he knows that, he will be alright.' 
'I think you should stop calling him little snot. Ashton is an Alpha now, and you know through what procedures he went in order to acquire his abilities. He did it for Vi.' 
'How is he different than hybrids?' 
Talia didn't have an answer to that question. Those were risky procedures, and potential side effects were not researched, but… 'As long as he treats Vi well and doesn't lose his way, I will support them.' 
With that, Talia turned to Violet and Ashton. "I'm sure you want to complete your bond. I want to give you a gift. Enjoy." She winked, and strong winds gathered around Violet and Ashton, who didn't get a chance to react. 
Violet blinked and observed the cave. There was a cot, and grooves in the rocky walls held blankets and food supplies, and she could hear the trickling of water from somewhere, like a little stream. 
"Where are we, Vi?" Ashton asked. 
 "Midnight Guardians pack. My mother enchanted this place. No one can come here." 
Ashton grinned. Privacy. And also… "Here, time passes differently." 
"About thirty times slower, so if we spend a month here, it will be just a day for our packs." 
Ashton cocked an eyebrow. "Isn't this technically your pack also?" 
Violet slapped his shoulder playfully. "Are you here to talk or to…" She wiggled her eyebrows. 
A low growl bubbled in his chest, and he pulled her on him. "Now that your father approved, I have no intention of talking." 
Well, Damon didn't really approve, but Violet didn't want to go into details. Ashton was already kissing her and ripping her clothes off, and she had no intention of being the passive one. 
###Chapter 1051 Alpha Violet (8)
Chapter 1051  Alpha Violet (8)
Violet could feel Ashton's lust increasing exponentially, and she thought he would give in to his urges and pounce on her wildly, but he didn't. 
After removing their clothes completely, Ashton kissed her slowly and unhurriedly, making her relax as she melded into him, and their legs moved bit by bit to inch toward the cot. 
Violet loved feeling his firm back under her palms and the way his strong arms held her gently. His calming scent of carnations didn't match the way his presence dominated hers. But then, everything about Ashton was a mix of contradictions. 
By the time they reached the cot, she was sure that even her bones had turned soft. 
They spent the night together, kissed many times, and did much more than kissing, but it was never like this, all-consuming and mind-altering in a way that made her soul stir. Ashton's emotions were washing over her, and she could feel his yearning and impatience, and his restraints cracking under the knowledge that he won't wait much longer. 
The air around them was different, sizzling with anticipation because he will mark her soon. 
Ashton was on top of Violet, their bare bodies ablaze already under the influence of the sparks of their bond that flared wherever they touched, which was a lot. 
"Vi." Ashton's voice was a deep rumble. "Last chance." 
She wriggled under him, anticipating him settling down there and stretching his insides, and she didn't expect he will say such a thing. "For?" 
"To change your mind." 
Violet blinked from her lusty haze. "What?" Why would she change her mind? 
"Once I put my mark on your neck, there is no going back. This is your last chance. Are you sure you want a forever with me?" 
'Silly man,' Violet thought. Ashton was always considerate, even though his Alpha position and power allowed him to do as he pleased. Five years ago, the image of a nice guy with a bit of mischief suited him, but he returned to her with experience of many battles, and she could feel he was different. 
The truth was that Violet didn't know this Ashton. He changed fundamentally and had some mystery around him, but she was confident he was the one for her because their souls understood each other. It was just like humans would say, for better and for worse, until death tears us apart… or something like that. 
"Do you feel this, Vi?" He pressed his erection at the cradle of her thighs, and the sparks of their 23:22 
bond stimulated all the right places, making them both moan. "This is how much I want you now and There was sharpness around him, more muscles, and those tattoos that made him look like a total bad boy. Ashton Pascal was a bad boy who saved himself for her. Violet knew how hard it was for Alphas not to sleep around because they had a huge libido. Violet was not spared of it either, and she had no idea how much Ashton was holding back when numerous females threw themselves at him, but he did it so he could give her his first time because he knew she was saving herself for her mate. For him. That alone was confirmation that Ashton was the only one who deserved her. 
"Yes. Yes. YES! I want my forever with you, Ash. Only with you. If you will have me." 
His insides shook. 
"IF?" What was she talking about? Violet was admirable and perfect in every way possible, and he could see that with or without their mate bond. Any guy would be an idiot to refuse her. However, she was his. Wasn't he the lucky one? 
"Do you feel this, Vi?" He pressed his erection at the cradle of her thighs, and the sparks of their bond stimulated all the right places, making them both moan. "This is how much I want you now and tomorrow, until my last breath, and in my next life. Forever, Vi." 
She smiled. "Sounds wonderful." 
Ashton's head dipped, and he kissed the left side of her neck, right where her pulse vibrated against his lips, right where his mark will come. 
He imagined this moment many times with long foreplay and his lips and tongue covering every inch of her body, but Violet released the sweetest moans, and he couldn't wait any longer. 
Ashton reached for her right leg and raised it slightly so he could settle between her legs properly. 
The scent of her arousal was driving him mad since they arrived in this cave, so he didn't need to check if she was ready for him. 
Violet's eyes rolled at the back of her head, and she saw stars in broad daylight as Ashton made his way inside her. The delicious friction came with an electrical current that traveled up her spine to buzz her brain and leave her dazed, craving more. 
She reached down and dug her fingers into his firm ass, pulling him closer. 
Ashton rocked into her and enjoyed every sigh and moan that escaped her lips as he kissed her neck sloppily. She tasted like heaven, and she felt like heaven too. The sparks flared over his cock that was sheathed in her heat and moisture, and he was confident that he will never get bored of that sensation. 
His body swelled with power as his blood turned into fire, flames coursing through his veins, and his every cell urged him to claim mate. 
"Vi, Violet… my beautiful mate," he chanted between kisses, and Violet shuddered under the vibration of his voice against her neck. 
This was it. She knew it because her wolf was going crazy in her mind, and her fangs were coming out against her will. 
Violet hugged him tightly and kissed his neck. She lapped and sucked, to prepare him for her mark that will come there soon, but he stimulated her body in ways that made her movements clumsy, and she was mostly slobbering around. 
"Vi, Vi," he called breathily. "I'm going to…" 
"Go for it," she interrupted him. Violet loved that he was good at communicating, but this was not the time to give her a heads-up. This was the time to give in to their instincts, which told her to let him take the lead because he was worthy. 
The way he managed to cradle her body in his strong arms and caress her gently at the same time; the way he stretched her insides in mighty strokes while ensuring that his bodyweight didn't crush her; the way he wanted to ravish her and cherish her at the same time… it was perfect. It was everything. 
Ashton was lost in the sensation of her hot insides gripping his cock. This was the woman he had fantasized about for the last five years and maybe even longer. 
During his absence, Ashton was looking at Violet's photos and watching her grow up beautifully, wondering how it would be when she came of age and they got to feel each other, and this was so much better than he had ever imagined. 
Violet welcomed him unconditionally. Her scent, her warmth, and softness, the curves of her body… it was all perfect. The biggest turn-on was how she turned her head to expose her neck and give him better access. The gorgeous and powerful Alpha Violet was submitting to him willingly, and now that her father approved, there was no shred of reluctance in Violet's emotions, and Ashton was confident that life didn't get better than that. 
###Chapter 1052 Alpha Violet (9)
Chapter 1052  Alpha Violet (9)
Violet could feel the pressure in her groin area increasing, and she knew she was almost there. Almost. With every thrust, Ashton pushed her closer to Heaven and she hugged him tightly to move with him because she didn't want to go to Heaven or Hell without him. 
Her moans mixed with his name, and there it was… her body tensed for a moment, and then she exploded in an orgasm that shut down all her senses other than the pulsating pleasure in her core, Ashton above her, Ashton inside her, Ashton all around her… Ashton, Ashton, Ashton everywhere, and it was perfect. 
Ashton's lips paused on Violet's neck, and his ass buckled at the same time his fangs pierced her flesh. His hips moved in jerky movements as he bit all the way. 
"AHHH!" Violet cried when scorching heat invaded every cell in her body, spreading from her core and from her neck and meeting right where her heart was. She could feel herself changing under the effects of Ashton's venom, but she didn't have time to analyze it. 
Violet frantically reached for his neck, and before she knew what was going on, her fangs were inside him, and she heard him groan against her flesh, and then the whole world stilled. 
Invisible strings snapped around them, solidifying their bond and tying their fates to each other. That was it. The bond was completed. They were mates now in mind, body, and spirit. 
Violet was aware of her erratic heartbeat slowing down. Slower. Slower. Every next beat came with more delay from the previous one. Was she about to die? If she did, this was not a bad way to go, with Ashton inside her, washed in post-orgasmic bliss. 
Her heartbeat started picking up, this time with a slight echo, like there were two of them, and they were two because Ashton's and Violet's hearts were now beating as one. 
They could feel each other's emotions clearly as they were forming a whole that was much more than its halves when not together. 
Ashton recoiled at the sensation of new power that pulsated inside him. Violet's venom was changing his powers, making them less jagged and more solid. 
'I love you, Vi,' his deep voice sounded in her mind, and she smiled, sensing that this was so much more than just a mind link; it was a soul link that allowed them to share everything like they were one, and Ashton's emotions directed at her were pure and overwhelming. He really loved her. 
Violet retracted her fangs and licked the spot where she marked him to help him heal. She enjoyed the way his body shuddered in the rhythm her tongue set, and she knew exactly what he was going through because he was tending to his mark on her neck, and the sensation was electric. It was such a sensitive spot. The best part was that he was still inside her, and every time his body twitched, it caused friction that didn't allow her to fully come down from her high, leaving her lightheaded, and she loved it. 
They were Alphas and would heal in no time, but this ritual of licking the fresh mark symbolized they will be taking care of each other. 
Violet blinked to notice the tattoos on his back moving and creating delicious shivers through her body. 
Ashton raised his head to meet her gaze. "I have no secrets from new patterns. 
"Ash? Your tattoos…" 
"Can we talk about that later?" His lips moved over her skin, sending delicious shivers through her body. 
Ashton raised his head to meet her gaze. "I have no secrets from you, Vi, but this…" He moved his hips, reminding her that he was still inside her. "I have been waiting for this forever, and I don't want to waste a single minute. Tattoos will be there in a week and in a month, and we will talk about them and anything else you want when I get my fill of you." 
Violet was not the patient, and she was not used to compromising, but if she needed to choose between chit-chatting and more sex, she would pick the latter. However… "When you get your fill of me? I hope that never happens." 
Ashton grinned. "I have five years of pent-up frustration. It will take a loooong time to get it out of my system." 
"You sound like you have a specific timeline on your mind." 
"I do.," he said with all the seriousness in the world. "I am thinking forever." 
Any hostility Violet had, sizzled away that instant. His emotions were clear, and she wanted to peer into his thoughts, but there was nothing. 
"Why are you shielding your thoughts from me, Ash?" Violet asked. 
"I am?" 
"Mhm," she confirmed with a hum. "I heard you say you love me, but after that, it was silent." 
There were many things he wanted to tell her, mostly about what he had gone through during the last five years, but he didn't want to ruin their time together. This was time for him and Violet and carnal pleasures. Anything else must wait. 
Ashton cocked an eyebrow at Violet. "Look who's talking." 
"What?" 
"I heard you love my cock inside your pussy, but that was it." 
Violet's eyes widened. "You heard that?" Did he hear how much she admired him when he fought with Damon? Did he hear all her insecurities about other women who might get his attention? Can he also hear how much she loves him and that she doesn't want to part from him, not even for a minute? What if he calls her needy and clingy and gets bored of her? 
"Gods, Vi!" Ashton exclaimed. How could he get bored of her? "You are perfect. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Not even you." 
Violet smiled as she could sense his sincerity. "I am perfect for you, just how you are perfect for me." 
Ashton chuckled and leaned to gently kiss his mark, which was still red and resembled two bruises that came together. He wondered how his mark will look when it heals completely. That right there was proof that Violet was his completely. Finally. 
He was never that happy. It was an energetic swell in his chest that extended to all his limbs, and he feared that if he didn't find an outlet, he will explode. 
Ashton's head jerked up, and he inhaled deeply to… 
'AWOOOOOO!' 
His guttural howl shook the cave and resonated with Violet in ways she never thought were possible. 
Her body arched on her own, and she joined him. 
'AWOOOO!' 
The sound of her howl paled when compared to Ashton's in terms of volume, but it came with energy that stabilized their surroundings like it shielded nature from the harshness of Ashton's power. 
"You are my other half, Vi," Ashton said with a dreamy smile. He knew they were mates, but the last twenty-four hours came with sensations he didn't think were possible. 
Violet's smile reflected Ashton's. "I am your other half, and you are mine. This is how I imagined the mate bond would be." 
His eyes flashed with lust. "Let me give you more notes to compare with your imagination." 
His hot palm landed on her hip, and he pulled out slowly, enjoying how her jaw fell slack. She was impacted by the sparks just as he was. He pushed inside her in one mighty thrust, and her body arched in sheer pleasure. 
After a few painfully long seconds of not moving, her hands moved to hold onto his ass. 
"Not slow, Ash. Don't torture me." 
He adjusted his position. "As you wish…" 
His mate wanted him to plunder her insides and he had no intention of letting her wait.
###Chapter 1053 Alpha Violet (10)
Chapter 1053  Alpha Violet (10)
Violet was sitting on a cot and watching Ashton, who was putting his clothes on. 
They spent more than a month in the cave, coming out occasionally to stretch their paws, hunt, and get some fresh air. 
Violet and Ashton mated a few times in their wolf forms, and Violet was surprised how her wolf heightened all of her senses, orgasm included. Wolf or human, Ashton was always an attentive lover, intense and passionate, putting her pleasure first, and she loved him more by the second. 
Making love in human form had its advantages also. They could use their hands and lips more, so Violet couldn't decide which one was better. Ashton said that they will keep alternating so she can do thorough research before deciding. Violet had no ions because that research included sex with her handsome mate. 
The important part about the previous month was that the couple had time to get to know each other because no one disturbed them during their solitude. It was perfect. 
Violet's brows came together as she watched the light gray fabric of bodies in order to gain abilities and boost their power. Witches' magic and human technology were involved. 
the shirt slide down to cover Ashton's back. His muscular flesh was adorned with tattoos, and now Violet knew they were much more than elaborate decorations. 
Between lovemaking, they were talking about the last five years. Violet told Ashton about her studying, training, and preparations to take her role as an Alpha. Ashton told her about his interactions with rogues, the existence of hybrids, and the origin of his tattoos. 
Violet knew that some rogues were more troublesome than others, but she didn't understand the extent of them modifying their bodies in order to gain abilities and boost their power. Witches' magic and human technology were involved. 
Talia was telling Violet that some people would go to extremes for power, and Violet was unsure how much those stories were exaggerated. Until now. 
Violet was blessed with an extraordinary bloodline, and she couldn't grasp the concept of weak ones struggling to survive. Of course, it was not only about survival. There was a fight for power, driven by greed, and Violet's heart ached at the thought that Ashton had gone through gruesome procedures in order to gain his abilities and be able to fight against them. 
She thought that her achievements in the last five years were impressive, but compared to Ashton's, it looked like Violet was just playing. She needed to step up so she could match her impressive mate. 
Violet noticed Ashton's tattoos changing patterns more than once during their time in the cave, and even though Ashton assured her regarding his tattoos, but Violet didn't trust the old witch. Violet was adamant that Cornelia should inspect Ashton. There was that he never felt better, she wanted to confirm nothing bad was happening to him. That was why they were getting ready to leave the cave. 
Ashton told Violet that Evanora was the one in charge of the rituals regarding his tattoos, but Violet didn't trust the old witch. Violet was adamant that Cornelia should inspect Ashton. There was something more human in Cornelia, more approachable; maybe because Cornelia was mated to James, and she had Talia's trust, while Evanora was mostly stuck in the Castle with a bunch of witches and her Guardian mate. 
Violet vowed that she would join Ashton in his fight against nasty hybrids. There was no way she would let her mate risk his life alone. 
"When you look at me like that, I think we should stay here for a few more days," Ashton said, and Violet snapped out of her thoughts. 
His intense gaze made her heart flip. Even without shared emotions through their mate bond, Violet could see the love, adoration, heat, and a hint of mischief. She was his whole world, and he would do anything in his power to make her happy, even if that meant getting a checkup by Cornelia. 
"We can always return here later," Violet said. She was aware that just over a day had passed out there, but she still felt guilty for indulging in pleasures with Ashton for more than a month and neglecting her duties. 
"Should we visit your cousins first?" 
"Yes," Violet responded. "I don't want them to think we are sneaking around. If they find out we were here and didn't visit, they will be upset." And she also wanted to introduce Ashton as her mate, officially. It was a big deal. 
Since they were kids, Valeria was talking about Ashton in high regard, emphasizing how handsome and intelligent he was. Violet wanted to ensure her cousin knew that Ashton was off the market and there would be no more glorifying of Ashton unless Valeria was tired of having a complete set of teeth. 
… 
Valeria and Edgar were on the training grounds, exchanging blows. Members of the Midnight Guardians pack gathered around to watch, as usual. It was a show of impressive skills accompanied by loud bangs, smacks, and occasional gusts of wind that raised dust in the area. 
From a young age, the duo of young Alphas took their training seriously, and they each had special abilities that placed them among the best warriors of their generation. 
Axel was there also. He took pride in watching his oldest twins show their power, and he was in charge of shielding other pack members from any power burst that could harm them. 
With the ruckus Valeria and Edgar caused in the sparring area, no one noticed two figures approaching. Of course, Violet was an expert in concealing her presence. She got that from her mother, the only one capable of giving the slip to mighty Alpha Damon Blake. 
Violet and Ashton were about ten feet away when Axel turned to them. 
"Vi!" He exclaimed. "And young Alpha Ashton. To what do we owe this pleasure of unexpected visit?" 
"Why are you so formal, uncle Axel?" Violet asked, and she got closer to hug him. 
Ashton was not happy that Violet let go of him, and he was uncomfortable seeing her get physical with another male. He told himself to relax because Axel was her uncle, not a threat, and the hug lasted less than a second. 
The commotion on the training ground stopped abruptly as the young Alpha sibling pair noticed guests and decided to join them. Usually, Valeria and Edgar wouldn't stop their training, but Violet was technically above them in ranking, and they needed to show respect. 
The audience also noticed Violet, and they were quick to gather there. Violet was their future Alpha, and their admiration for Alpha Natalia spilled on Violet. No one knew the full extent of Talia's and Violet's powers, but they were all proud to have them as their leaders. Other than Talia and Violet being impressive, they also had Alpha Damon Blake and many others as their allies. Only a crazy person would dare to mess with them. 
"Well, well," Valeria said while walking to Violet and Ashton with too much sway in her hips (per Violet's observations). "If I knew you would be here, I would dress up a bit." She was obviously talking to Ashton, who was now shaking hands with Axel. 
Valeria's smile stiffened when Violet wrapped her arms around Ashton. 
"Hi Val," Violet greeted her cousin. "I came to say hi with my mate." 
Valeria's stomach dropped as her fears materialized, showing Violet and Ashton like a perfect couple that has it all and reminding her that she didn't belong in that picture. 
Despite being older than Violet, Valeria was always second. Even now.
###Chapter 1054 Alpha Violet (11)
Chapter 1054  Alpha Violet (11)
Valeria's eyes widened as she processed Violet's words. 
"Mate? You and Ash?" 
Valeria wanted to be happy for her cousin, but she couldn't stop the bitterness that swelled within her. 
Valeria was the oldest one among cousins with the Moonrider bloodline, and she worked hard, yet she will never be a true Alpha with a pack. No matter how much their people respected and supported her father, the true Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack was Alpha Natalia Moonrider. With Talia being the official Alpha, Talia's oldest child was set to be the next Alpha. 
How Valeria saw this, Violet had it all. Superior genes, talent, looks, and smarts, and now she also snatched Ashton. 
Violet was younger, yet she had found her mate! 
This was one more confirmation that Valeria always came second, at best. 
Valeria hoped her mate would be someone like Ashton. He was tall, handsome, kind, and smart, with undeniable skills in strategizing. Everyone knew that Ashton had tremendous contributions in dealing with rogues, and Valeria spent many days fantasizing about him, yet here he was, with his arms around Violet. 
Valeria forced a smile. "Congratulations." 
Violet narrowed her eyes at her cousin. If Valeria thought that her fake smile fooled anyone, she was mistaken. Violet's pride didn't allow her to let this slide. 
"There is no need to pretend, Val. If you want to let out some steam, I'm available and willing to whoop some respect into you." 
Ashton's brows came together in disapproval. "Angel? Don't tell me you want to fight." 
Violet looked up at him. "Val's hostility is tangible. It's better to let it out than to let it fester. If she disapproves of me being your mate, she is welcome to try proving she is better." 
"No one is better than you," Ashton said. "My mate is not determined by how she fights or uses abilities. You are my mate because the Moon Goddess said so, and because you are the female I dreamed of for many lonely nights, and because…" 
"Thank you, Ash," Violet interrupted him, her cheeks flaming red from embarrassment. It was one thing for him to be lovey-dovey when they were alone, but now they had an audience of several dozen pack members, Axel, Edgar, and Valeria. Those last three were her relatives! 
Ashton thought she was adorable. "Don't interrupt me when I'm telling you we are perfect for each other, and if anyone doubts that, they will need to deal with me." 
"I know that your feelings are true. I don't doubt them," Violet said. "However, others have doubts and need to be reminded not to wish for what's not theirs. If I can't defend my right to be by your side, I'm not worthy of being your mate. Wouldn't you think the same?" 
Ashton took Violet's hand into his and played with her fingers. "I don't want you to strain yourself. I don't want you to get a bruise or a cut or anything that would mar your skin. It is my duty to protect you. If you believe someone needs to be taught a lesson, I will do it for you. Will you allow me that, my love?" 
Violet was lost in Ashton's deep eyes, full of emotions, and she held her breath as he went down to his knees. 
"As your mate, I have the right to be your champion," Ashton said for everyone to hear, and then he added through their mind link, 'If you deny me this, it will signal you don't see me as worthy of fighting for you. Do you want your people to think of me as a weakling who hides behind his mate?' 
Violet was speechless. 'You are cheating, Ash.' 
'Maybe,' he drawled. 'I will do anything and everything for you, Vi. If I can go down on my knees in front of an audience, a little cheating is nothing.' 
"You want to fight me?" Valeria asked Ashton in disbelief. 
"No," Ashton responded without turning to look at Valeria. "I want to fight instead of my mate. It is irrelevant who the opponent is." 
Valeria smiled bitterly. Her pride was hurt. "You think you can match someone from the Moonrider family?" 
Everyone from the Midnight Guardians pack had abilities, and even though Valeria was not mated and her abilities didn't reach their full potential, thanks to her mother's bloodline, she was able to perform way above the level of an Alpha. As children, Valeria and Violet would often end their fights with a tie. Ashton was not a match for someone from the Moonrider family, no matter how impressive his fighting accomplishments were. How Valeria saw this, her fighting Ashton would be like bullying a child. 
Ashton got up to his feet and faced Valeria. He would kneel only to his mate. "Your bloodline doesn't matter. A worm or a God, if they understand. Until then, you will learn through experiences that if you challenge one mated person, you are challenging her mate as threaten my mate, I will be her weapon and her shield." 
"Just because she is your mate?" 
"Yes," Ashton responded flatly. "Once you find your mate, you will understand. Until then, you will learn through experiences that if you challenge one mated person, you are challenging her mate as well. Even if their defeat is certain, they will stand tall and do their best to protect what matters." 
Ashton's every word was like a knife in Valeria's heart. 
"This is between cousins. I have no interest in fighting you," Valeria said. 
"How about we make it a double?" Edgar chimed in. Violet and Ashton were at a standstill, and Edgar wanted to finish his sparring. How he saw this, Ashton was not much of a problem, and Valeria could get her fight with Violet, and then they could get back to their sparring. 
"Our first fight together," Violet said with a smile, and Ashton could feel her excitement. "Let's do this." 
"Is using of powers allowed?" Valeria asked. 
"Up to you," Violet responded. "As the unmated one, my abilities will put you at a disadvantage. But I don't mind going easy on you, like always." 
Valeria sneered. "No need. Feel free to go all out. I'm sure I can handle it." 
"Now, now, kids," Axel tried to defuse the situation, but he knew Valeria won't give up. Maybe it was time for her to learn the hard way. "Let me call Yasmin to set up proper barriers." If Violet and Valeria go all out, they might destroy the whole realm. 
"As you wish," Violet said, and turned her attention to Ashton. "That gives us some time. Do you want me to show you around?" 
"Is there a sight more beautiful than you?" 
Violet giggled. "I don't know about beautiful, but it's definitely different. Come." 
Valeria was fuming after Ashton and Violet. "Where are you going!?" Pack members swooning after Ashton and Violet only fueled her anger. 
"Let them go," Axel said. 
"They are disrespectful." 
"Respect is earned, Val." 
"Are you saying I don't deserve it?" 
"Right now, no. They are a newly mated couple. You don't need to be happy for them, but you need to understand that they are adapting to the new bond, feeling vulnerable, and will be overprotective of each other. I know you don't get it because you didn't experience it, but a true Alpha learns and adapts without going through it herself." 
Valeria lowered her head. She knew that Axel was right, and normally, she would be more patient and reasonable, but seeing Violet walk in proudly with Ashton by her side ignited all Valeria's insecurities at the same time, and she felt like an idiot. Was it too late to apologize and start again? 
She glanced around. Too many people saw what happened, and if she backed down, people would label her as a weakling. It was better to fight and lose than to chicken out without giving it a try.
###Chapter 1055 Alpha Violet (12)
Chapter 1055  Alpha Violet (12)
While Yasmin came to set up barriers with the help of her younger kids and a few other witches, many pack members gathered. 
The structure of the pack changed significantly since Alpha Natalia took over. 
The Midnight Guardians pack had about five hundred pack members, most of them unmated. Over the years, that number swelled to more than double, with people finding mates and pups being born. They also had a branch of the Silver Flame Coven there, with more than a few dozen witches considering the Midnight Guardians pack as their home. It was lively. 
Talia was popular and people admired her. In the same way, Violet brought joy and hope to the pack by just being there. 
Everyone was eager to see the young Alpha Violet. She would visit the Midnight Guardians pack with Alpha Natalia, but not often enough. With the time difference between realms, even if Violet came once per week, it would be months for the members of the Midnight Guardians pack. It's not like they couldn't visit her through the portal that opened directly to the Dark Howlers pack, but this was on their home territory, and it carried a different flavor to it. 
On top of that, everyone wanted to see a fight among Alphas, and the word spread that Alpha Violet had found her mate! Who wouldn't be curious to see their future Alpha (aka Ashton)? 
In the blink of an eye, several stands were selling snacks and beverages, and one was taking bets. It turned into a spectacle. 
The crowd was simmering with excitement, and they were wondering when young Alpha Violet and her mate would appear. 
Somewhere in the territory of the Midnight Guardians pack… 
"What do you think?" Violet asked Ashton while gesturing below them. They were on a high rock from where they could see a crystal-clear lake and a small sandy beach nestled among rocks and trees. 
Talia told Violet a story about how Damon made that beach himself. When Talia and Damon found the place accidentally, many moons ago, overgrown bushes and other plants blocked the access to the lake. When Damon saw how much Talia loved it, he cleared up the area and brought the sand. The place was difficult to find because natural arrays would make people walk back to where they started, so it provided privacy. 
"Gorgeous," Ashton said, and Violet turned to see him look at her. 
"Are you talking about me or about this place?" She called him out. 
Ashton's lips curved into a smile. "Do you need to ask?" Of course, he was talking about her! 
"We might have time for a quick dip," Violet said with a smirk and jumped off the rock to run toward the beach. 
Ashton clicked his tongue. He wanted to take a dip alright, but he was not thinking about the lake. 
With a whoosh, Ashton found himself next to Violet, and she exclaimed in surprise when his arms wrapped around her waist and he pulled her down to the sand. 
His lips descended on hers with urgency, shattering all her defenses and reasoning as her arms snaked around his neck. 
in his eyes. "I will always have time for you, Vi." 
She wanted to remind him about the fight and the audience "Ash… Ash," she called between kisses. "We don't have… time for… this." 
His hands under her blouse paused, and he looked at her with fire in his eyes. "I will always have time for you, Vi." 
She wanted to remind him about the fight and the audience waiting, but his lips latched to his mark on her neck, and the only thing she could do was moan as her body turned soft and needy. 
Newly mated couples were vulnerable and overprotective, and they felt at ease only when their bodies were entangled, connected as one, just like their souls. 
For Ashton, keeping his hands (and cock) away from Violet was torturous. He thought that one month of solitude might be enough to satisfy him, but now he realized he was wrong. His hunger for Violet was intense, just as it was on the first day, and it didn't show any signs of easing up. 
Ashton didn't care about the silly challenge from Valeria and Edgar. It was childish and ridiculous, and it's not like Violet would give up her Alpha position or her mate based on the outcome of the fight. Instead, he was thinking of returning to the cave for another few months, but he decided to ask her about that later. 
He was careful not to rip her clothes as he removed them with haste, and he groaned when he felt her hot flesh squeezing his cock. 
"Goddess, Vi! I can't get enough of you," he said like a prayer and a curse. 
He looked down to meet Violet's unfocused eyes. 
She reached to dig her fingers into his firm ass. 
"Finish what you started, Ash," she said in a low growl. 
Ashton's smile was reflected in his eyes. He was truly happy. 
Over the last month, they had sex numerous times, yet every time it was better than the previous one, and every time her beauty blinded him. That was Violet, his mate. She was everything he ever imagined and so much more. She was perfect. 
With a deep growl of approval, Ashton started rocking into her, enjoying every sigh and moan that escaped her lips. 
… 
At the training area… 
Valeria and Edgar stood in the middle of the square marked with white chalk. The sounds from the crowd were muffled due to the protective shields Yasmin set up, but the excitement was tangible. 
Valeria glanced at the sun. 
"Do you think they chickened out and left?" Valeria asked. 
Edgar snorted. "Vi? She was never the one to run away from the fight. But I wouldn't dismiss the possibility of them forgetting about us." 
Valeria rolled her eyes. "You could at least pretend to support me." 
"I would never support a person who gets between mates." 
"That's not what I did." 
"Tell that to someone who will buy it. We both know what you did and why you did it. You can't hide things from me." 
"Then you know…" 
Edgar made a face. "The only thing I DON'T know is what's with the hostility whenever you see Violet? How is it possible that after all this time, you are unable to accept reality?" 
"Easy for you to say. You were always second." Her face fell when she realized what she said. "Sorry. I didn't…" 
"You didn't mean it? I think you did. Did you say I was always second? So were you. The only difference between us is that I learned to accept my place." 
Valeria pursed her lips. "What are you expecting me to do?" 
"Me? Nothing. But I hope you will learn to accept that Alpha Natalia is the rightful Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. Father saw that a long time ago, and he did the right thing by stepping down. Even if Violet is five years old, she would still be the next Alpha; as for us, if we are lucky, she will appoint us to be her proxies or her betas. However, if you continue with that attitude, we will be lucky if we get to guard the dungeon."
###Chapter 1056 Alpha Violet (13)
Chapter 1056  Alpha Violet (13)
Valeria crossed her arms over her chest and glared at her twin. "If you don't like being with me, why don't you leave?" 
"Leave? Where? This is my home, and this is my place, next to you. We might disagree in private, but the pack should see only unity. As the second who came after you, it is my duty to watch your back, just how you should watch Violet's. If you look at the big picture and think about the pack instead of your pride, you will see it." 
She knew that and thought she accepted it, but now Violet showed up with Ashton and was rubbing it in! 
As if he could read her mind, Edgar said, "Not everything is about you, Val. It is normal for newly mated couples to show off their other half, and they will do it regardless of who is watching." 
Valeria was about to respond, but the crowd stirred, and she looked in the direction where people parted to reveal a pair approaching. 
"Keep looking like that at Ashton, and this will turn from a spar into something much worse," Edgar said to Valeria in a low voice. 
"Stop talking like I'm doing this on purpose. I can't control how I'm looking! Besides, Vi can't hurt me." 
Edgar snorted. "That temper will get you killed. You are a grownup, and it's time to be accountable for your actions. Vi is stronger than she was, and if you think you can underestimate Ashton, think again. He was never the fastest nor the strongest, but he always won." 
There were events where Alphas from allied packs would spar, and Edgar knew that he could win against Ashton only with his abilities because Ashton had none. But now Ashton was marked by Violet, which was a big unknown. As for Violet, they were neck-in-neck, taking turns in who was winning, but Violet was never really interested in fighting. This was different. 
Part of Edgar enjoyed the thrill, and he wondered how this will turn out. Between him and Valeria, Edgar was the more physical one, eager to make friends and solve disputes with his fists. How Edgar saw it, life was simpler that way. 
... 
Violet and Ashton approached the fighting area, and they were welcomed by Yasmin and a bunch of Violet's cousins who lined up to wait for their turn to greet Violet. 
Axel and Yasmin have twelve kids, six sets of twins, with the oldest being eighteen years old, Valeria and Edgar, and the youngest being two years old, David and Kevin. 
Violet counted ten heads. All her cousins were there, except for Valeria and Edgar, who were waiting for them in the fighting area. 
Violet gave them hugs, starting with the littlest ones, and they eyed Ashton with curiosity. 
After Valeria and Edgar, the next set of twins by age were sixteen years old boys, Blaze and Rema, so Ashton was at least eight years older than the oldest ones. They knew him as the young Alpha of the Spring Leaf pack, and he was too old to be greeted casually. 
The unwritten rule was that as soon as they came of age, a certain protocol needed to be followed. That rule could be bent for Violet because they were cousins. 
"You smell differently," Blaze said to Violet while scrunching his nose. 
Violet grinned and craned her neck to show Ashton's mark. 
Rema widened his eyes. "So, it's true." He glanced at Ashton. "You are my cousin-in-law?" 
Violet burst into giggles. She never heard of such a thing, but Ashton nodded in agreement and shook hands with the boy. 
The youngest ones didn't really get it, but they understood that Ashton was now one of them, and they clung to his legs. 
Ashton was a bit uncomfortable. He grew up as a single child and spent the last five years in more-less solitude. Ashton was used to his space and quiet, and he wondered how often he would need to mingle with this rowdy bunch. And also, Violet had four brothers. Just by thinking about it, Ashton felt crowded. 
"I am glad you stopped by," Yasmin said and glanced at Ashton. "Consider staying for dinner." 
Violet wanted to refuse, but Yasmin said, "Our people will want to meet their future Alpha." 
Violet realized that Yasmin was right. With Violet being the next Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack and Ashton being her mate, he will be their Alpha also. 
"What do you say?" Violet asked Ashton. 
Ashton's eyes flashed in approval. He loved that she didn't respond without consulting him. It showed that she considered him as her equal, and it meant the world to him. 
 "We will do what you decide," Ashton said. He pulled Violet closer to him despite Blaze and Rema hugging his legs. 
Violet tucked her shoulder under Ashton's armpit and grinned at him. 
"Aww," Yasmin gushed. "Newly mated. How sweet." 
"What's with that reaction?" Axel huffed from the side. "We are also sweet. Come here. Let me hug you." 
Yasmin rolled her eyes, but she didn't bicker with him. Just like any other Alpha, Axel saw everything as a competition. 
"Don't hurt my babies," Yasmin said to Violet in a low voice. "Val is prideful, but she means no harm." Yasmin overheard quite a bit of what had happened before, and she was also aware that Valeria carried some bitterness as she always wanted to be at the top. Axel said that was normal for an Alpha, but Yasmin was not so sure about it. 
Violet understood that Yasmin spoke as a mother, but that kind of protocol worked in private. Here, in front of the pack members, Violet was a future Alpha Violet Blake, and she needed to act like it. 
Violet raised her chin. "I won't hurt them more than necessary, Aunt Yasmin." 
In truth, Violet had no intention of going easy on Valeria. It was one thing when they were kids, but now they were both of age, and Valeria dared to look at Ashton in front of their people. Violet's wolf was itching for a fight. 
Damon taught her from a young age that image is everything. If she allows Valeria to act out in public, it will reflect poorly on Violet as an Alpha, and it can plant a seed of doubt in the hearts of her people. That doubt will open the gates to treachery, and Violet will have none of it. 
"Vi?" Yasmin called pleadingly. Violet's expression told her Violet meant business. It was the same face Damon would make when he disconnected just before he did something reckless. 
Axel put a hand on Yasmin's shoulder and shook his head. "Let the kids sort it out. They need to establish themselves, and we shouldn't be in the way." 
Axel looked at Violet gratefully. "Thank you for taking this seriously. Anything less would be an insult to Val and Ed. Teach them well. As their future Alpha, it is your duty to show them the way." 
Yasmin never approved of the pack hierarchy where the strongest one rules. If it were up to her, she would cast a spell to isolate bickering parties until they came to their senses and made up. However, Axel pointed out that was precisely the hierarchy of the strongest rules, but in this case, it would be Yasmin using magic to get her way. 
'The strongest makes the rules,' Axel would say, 'It was always that way, and it always will be. People might praise leniency, but they will follow power...' 
Yasmin raised her hand, and the magical barrier cracked open for Violet and Ashton to enter. 
###Chapter 1057 Alpha Ashton (1)
Chapter 1057  Alpha Ashton (1)
Edgar rolled his shoulders when the magic barrier closed behind Ashton and Violet. "Are we following any specific rules? Can we use abilities?" 
"Don't hold back because of me," Ashton said, and Edgar's eyes flashed in surprise. 
Ashton's confidence was evident, and Edgar wondered if there was a genuine reason for it or if Ashton was boasting in front of his mate. 
"How do we determine the winner? And what does the winner get?" Valeria asked. 
"I'm sure you had time to think about bets," Violet said. "Whatever it is, we will take it. We are that confident." Violet felt her powers changing in the last month. She didn't get to test her abilities, but everything was clearer and sharper, and she was certain she had an advantage. A big one. 
"If you manage to put a finger on Vi, you win," Ashton declared. 
Violet's stomach dropped. How can she fight if she can't be touched? "Ash? What are you doing?" 
Ashton tilted his head to the side, and his neck cracked. "I've seen how your people are looking at you. You have their trust. I am a new face, and I need to prove myself." 
"And you think that fighting Val and me will help you prove something that will go in your favor?" Edgar asked. 
Ashton ignored him as he was focused on Violet. He looked at her deeply. "You trust me. Right? I won't embarrass you." 
She put her hand on his cheek. "You can't embarrass me, Ash. I am proud to be your mate regardless of this or any other fight. However, if you get hurt, I won't forgive you." 
He grinned. "If I get hurt, you will nurse me to health. I look forward to it." 
"Let's not go there." 
"Hellooooo!" Valeria called impatiently. "We are here to fight, not to watch your PDA." 
Ashton pecked Violet's lips, and by the time she opened her eyes, she was looking at Ashton's back. 
His broad shoulders looked like an impregnable obstacle that would keep all the bad things away, and if he was not facing two tricky opponents, she would hug him and never let go. 
"If any of us touches Vi, we win?" Edgar asked in disbelief, still processing this information. "How do you win?" 
"When you can't fight or admit defeat." 
Both Valeria and Edgar gaped at him, wondering if their ears malfunctioned. 
"Confident much?" Valeria asked with a sneer, feeling that Ashton was looking down on them. 
Ashton was painfully aware of his reputation. No matter what his achievements with fighting rogues were, people saw him as a mellow Alpha who was good at politics and strategizing, but not much when it came to fighting. In order to stand by Violet's side as her equal, he needed to trim down all other Alphas by a notch or two. He wanted Violet's pack to approve of him as their Alpha because of him, not because he was Violet's mate. This was important. 
Violet was aware that this was much more than a spar. Everyone was fighting with pride on the line, and they needed to show what they could do. If Valeria and Edgar lost, they would be ashamed. If Ashton lost, his image would crack, and their people will think of him as weak. 
Violet could use her aura to suppress her cousins' abilities, and Ashton would finish them off, but Ashton declared she would stay on the side, which was a problem. 
If Violet was honest, she didn't think Ashton could take on Edgar and Valeria, and even less in a two-on-one fight, but then… she never saw him fight, and his confidence spilled on her, and she decided to trust him. If anything, Ashton had a good head on his shoulders and he wouldn't jump into a fight he couldn't win. 
Violet closed her eyes and focused on her surroundings. Her consciousness expanded to feel every rock and heartbeat and to cover the whole fighting area and a bit beyond it. 
Violet didn't need sight to see clearly. Talia taught her that this type of perception allowed her to sense everything on a deeper level, including the energies that coursed through Valeria and Edgar. Different colors would reveal different natures of energies, and even emotions. 
Violet could see that Edgar was pumped with adrenaline, ready to fight, while Valeria had a mix of guilt and anger. 
'Good,' Violet thought. The guilt in her cousin told Violet that Valeria was not beyond salvation. 
Violet sucked in a sharp breath when her consciousness landed on Ashton. He was like a powerbomb with several colors twirling within him, and then two more enveloped him to keep the others in check and prevent his body from falling apart under pressure. 
Her heart cracked. What did they do to him? That was not normal. 
'Trust me, love,' Ashton spoke into their mind link. 'I can't move if I'm the source of your sadness.' 
'I love you, Ash.' 
'That's better,' he responded cockily. 'Watch me, love. Let me show you what I can do. Let me show you that I can protect you and your pack no matter who my enemy is.' 
Violet's eyes filled with tears. That was her mate, saying that he would do anything in his power to protect her. It was a big deal. 
'BAM!' 
Dust rose when Ashton moved faster than the eyes could follow to block Edgar's advance. 
Ashton tried to grab Edgar, but he was already retreating, and Ashton had to move to the right because Valeria was not in her previous spot anymore. 
The three of them were like blurs, making spectators wonder if their eyes were deceiving them, but the dust stirring violently was confirmation that something extraordinary was happening. 
Edgar and Valeria stepped back and glanced at each other. 
'They are coming up with a strategy,' Violet told Ashton. 'Ed is focusing energy into his legs, so expect speed and maybe kicks. Val is…' 
Violet didn't have time to finish because Edgar and Valeria were attacking already, and Ashton moved to block their paths to his mate. 
Even if he could predict their movements, with two Alphas attacking, Ashton could only defend. He cursed under his breath when he realized his vision was foggy. Who did that? Edgar? Valeria? 
When sparring with Damon, Ashton used his reflexes, but Valeria and Edgar were coordinating their attacks from different sides, and it was apparent they were gaining an advantage. He needed an opening, or this wouldn't end well. If he was facing rogues, he could go all out and not care if he snapped a neck in the process, but these were Violet's cousins, and he needed to defeat them without causing too many injuries. 
'Ash,' Violet spoke through their mind link. 'Close your eyes and let me in.' 
'I don't think this is a good time to be closing eyes, Vi.' 
'You said I shouldn't be touched, but that doesn't mean I can't help you. Do you trust me?' 
Ashton shook his head and closed his eyes. She asked if he trusted her. How could he say no to that? 
Valeria and Edgar paused and retreated a few steps. 
"Why did you close your eyes?" Valeria asked warily. "Did you give up?" 
"I don't need to see you in order to win," Ashton responded in a low voice, but three other people within the magical enclosure heard him clearly. 
Ashton needed a moment to adjust to this new vision that Violet projected into his mind. There were outlines and colors… he didn't see things; he could feel them like they were part of him. 
'Do you always feel this connection to the world?' Ashton asked Violet. 
'Most of the time,' Violet responded, happy that he approved. 
###Chapter 1058 Alpha Ashton (2)
Chapter 1058  Alpha Ashton (2)
Stimulated by the enhanced vision that Violet shared with him, Ashton could see Edgar's right hand glowing in yellowish light, and he reached there before he could finish that thought. 
"What…?" Edgar's question was cut short when Ashton punched him on the shoulder, and the unsuspecting young Alpha was propelled backward like a sledgehammer hit him. 
Ashton was amazed by the discovery that with his perception changing, his movements became sharper, and it seemed he got a boost in strength. Or maybe that was the mate bond giving him a boost, combined with Violet's mark. After all, her venom was part of him now. 
Ashton flexed his fingers, and he was confident that he could crush a rock with ease. What about a werewolf skull? 
He decided to analyze that later. Now it was time to whoop some ass and prove himself, without causing serious injuries to Violet's cousins. They were a family. 
Valeria stared at Edgar, who was tumbling from Ashton's hit. That was not normal. Edgar was an Alpha with a special ability that allowed him to move faster than his impressive physique would allow. How was Ashton able to subdue him with one hit? 
She rushed to her brother. "Are you OK?" 
Edgar spat on the side and jumped to his feet. "Do I look OK?" His right arm was numb. 
He narrowed his eyes at Ashton. "How did he do that? And he is not even looking!" Other than Edgar's shoulder, his pride was also hurt, and it riled him to take this seriously. Unless it was a fluke, Ashton was a bigger challenge than Edgar thought he would be. 
"It's Vi," Valeria said. "I'm sure she is channeling some ability into Ash." Why else would her eyes be closed? 
"So, we need to take her out first," Edgar said. 
Valeria smirked. "Wasn't that the plan from the beginning?" Ashton foolishly proclaimed that if they managed to put a finger on Violet, he would admit defeat. 
Who would accept such a lame victory? Violet and Ashton will need to suffer a heavy defeat. 
Valeria and Edgar didn't need their mind link to communicate. The twins were close, and they knew what the other one was thinking without a word spoken. 
Valeria and Edgar started walking away from each other, splitting up so they could attack from different sides. 
'Vi!' Ashton called only for her to hear. 'I am fast, but I can't be in two places at the same time.' It was obvious what Valeria and Edgar were up to. 
'Don't worry, Ash. Go for Ed first. I will delay Val enough so you can get to her also.' 
'I don't want you to fight,' Ashton grumbled. He wanted to win this victory for her, in front of her people. 
'You can't expect me to stay idle when my mate is facing opponents,' Violet responded. 'I am not fighting. I'm letting you borrow my power. Think of me as your assistant.' 
Ashton turned to face her, and his breath hitched. He didn't open his eyes, but he could clearly see that Violet was enveloped in pure white energy that was coiling around her like an impenetrable shield. It seeped from her feet into the ground to touch everyone and everything and stretch as far as his senses could take him. 
Violet was standing there like a Goddess of wind and light, and Ashton was confident that she was the center of the Universe. 
'You are beautiful,' he said. 
'You are not so bad yourself,' she responded. 
Ashton raised his hands to see that he was also made of energies, but he had several colors, and they were sometimes flowing together and sometimes would bounce off each other. There were white streaks in him as well, and he knew those were from Violet. She was stabilizing his powers and making his light brighter, just how she brightened up his life. 
'Do you have the luxury of time to idle?' Violet asked Ashton. 
'I always have time for you, my love,' he responded in a deep voice that made her stomach tighten. 
He was such a flirt. 
'They are coming,' Violet warned him, and he could see two figures made of light approaching them. 
Valeria and Edgar were similar to Violet, but their glow paled in comparison to Violet's. 
Ashton puffed his chest proudly. No one was as beautiful or as powerful as his mate. 
Valeria sneered. She didn't know that Ashton and Violet could talk mentally, but it was obvious that they were doing something. Ashton and Violet were facing each other, Ashton was smirking, and Violet was blushing. Valeria felt like cursing loudly. How dare those two look down on them!? 
'Together,' Valeria told Edgar, who responded with a small nod. 
Ashton sensed that Valeria and Edgar were about to attack, and he wanted to ask Violet what her plan was, but then he saw her energies thickening in the direction of Valeria, and he knew that his task was to handle Edgar. 
Ashton stood so still that even his heartbeat was reduced to a crawl, and it seemed like the whole world slowed down. 
Ashton would enjoy the clarity if he were not in the middle of an important show of strength. 
Ashton's muscles tensed, and he moved so quickly that he became a blur. 
Edgar grinned as he leaped toward Violet, confident that he was about to grab her, but then a big hand covered his face. 
"What the…?" The rest of Edgar's curse was muffled in Ashton's palm as the latter pushed him to the ground. 
Valeria's mood soared when she realized that Ashton was focusing on Edgar. It meant that Violet was unguarded, and she only needed to touch her in order to win. 
Valeria was about to shout in victory when a sudden gust of wind pushed her back, and her legs were so heavy like someone had cemented them to the ground. 
Valeria's delay was less than a second, but it was enough for Ashton to stand in front of her. 
Ashton held Edgar by his face, and his right hand landed on Valeria's neck. 
"AHH!" 
Valeria screamed in shock when Ashton pushed her down viciously, and he held both Edgar and Valeria to the ground like they were children. The twins wanted to break free, but every time they moved a limb, a fierce current would rush through their bodies like they were being painfully electrocuted. They couldn't muster any strength to resist. 
The audience held their breath collectively as they were unsure of what had happened. Ashton and Violet were facing each other with their eyes closed, and Valeria and Edgar attacked from opposite sides, but then they were pressed to the ground with Ashton holding them, and Violet standing behind him with her arms crossed over her chest. 
No one knew that the young Alpha of the Spring Leaf pack was this powerful, and they were all glad to confirm he was Alpha Violet's mate, which meant he will be their Alpha also. 
"Do you admit defeat?" Violet asked smugly. 
Not many had seen this side of her. Only a few people knew Violet inherited her mother's powers and her father's temper. It was a deadly combination. 
Violet would normally be sweet and docile, but that was only because she didn't care to bother with things like proving herself. However, now she had Ashton, and there was no way she would allow any woman to look at him inappropriately, even if that woman was her cousin. 
###Chapter 1059 Alpha Ashton (3)
Chapter 1059  Alpha Ashton (3)
Edgar and Valeria struggled to break free. Ashton was crouching between them and holding them down by their necks like an immovable mountain. 
The twins knew that Ashton was using his Alpha aura, but wasn't this exaggerated? They were Alphas also! 
Violet squatted next to Valeria. "Admit it. Say that I am better." 
Valeria sneered. "Everyone knows you are better than me." 
"But you don't. I need you to say it. And I need you to keep repeating that until you understand. We are no longer children. Your mother asked me to go easy on you, but I have no intention of making that mistake. I am of age and eligible to take over the Alpha position. No challenge will be left unanswered, even if it's from you. I hope you understand that my position and my mate are two things I'm not willing to share. Got it?" 
Seeing that Valeria didn't respond, Violet's next words came with a heavy dose of her aura. 
"ANSWER ME! DO. YOU. GET. IT?" 
Valeria groaned as her forehead was covered in sweat, but she refused to answer. 
Violet's eyes flashed in silvery light. "Admit defeat, or I will crush you for everyone to see. I will rather they think of me as ruthless than weak." 
"We admit defeat!" Edgar shouted. Somehow, he knew that Violet was not joking. 
Violet's eyes didn't leave Valeria. "I need to hear Val say it." 
"Val!" Edgar called. "Save that pride for the time when it's helpful." His eyes lost focus, and they all knew he continued talking to Valeria through the mind link. 
"I admit defeat," Valeria said eventually, her voice barely above a whisper. 
Violet put her hand behind her ear. "What did you say? I didn't hear you." 
"I admit defeat!" Valeria squeezed through her teeth. "Happy?" 
"No, I'm not happy, Valeria. But this will do. For now." Violet stood up and narrowed her eyes at Valeria. "This is the last time I'm showing you mercy, Val. Next time you challenge me by coveting what's mine, I will treat you as my enemy. I hope you remember that." 
Ashton also stood up and released Edgar and Valeria. 
Valeria jumped to her feet and ran away. 
"Was there a need to go that far?" Edgar asked Violet while dusting off his clothes. 
"I don't know, Ed. You tell me," Violet responded dryly. 
Edgar shook his head. "You know how she is." 
"She should know who I am." 
"Easy for you to say. You will do your thing and leave, and I'm stuck with pacifying her." 
"Keep treating her like a spoiled princess, and that's who she will be," Violet said. 
Edgar couldn't believe it. "Are you saying it's my fault she is like that?" 
"Yours, uncle Axel's, aunt Yasmin's, grandma Evanora's, and everyone else's who is pampering Val. I know what she wants. She wants to be an Alpha. Tell me, Ed. Is she behaving like one?" 
Edgar didn't respond and Violet continued talking. 
"I don't know if she is born stupid or if someone is filling her head, but she has dangerous ideas. I let her go easily this time because we are cousins. Next time she challenges me like that in front of MY pack, I will treat her as a traitor because I am the Alpha. You might think this was harsh, but if she dares to pull this shit again, she will be either locked up or exiled." 
Edgar pressed his lips into a line. He knew Violet was right. In the Midnight Guardians pack they were easy-going because everyone worshiped Alpha Natalia, so even when she was present, there was no need for her to assert dominance. 
Violet is young, and she has a lot to prove to herself and her people. Lenience will be a sign of weakness, and that would lead to trouble. 
Edgar took a step back and bowed. "I congratulate you on your victory Alpha Violet, Alpha Ashton. I wish you many happy years together and endless wisdom so you can lead our pack to prosperity. If there are no ions, I will take my leave." 
Violet nodded in agreement, and Edgar left in the direction where Valeria disappeared. 
Violet wondered if Ashton thought she was too harsh. If it were anyone else, she wouldn't care, but this was Ashton, her mate, and she craved his approval. 
She turned to see him look at her with a smile that reflected in his eyes. 
"You are amazing," he said. 
Violet's face exploded in a grin, and she threw herself at Ashton. 
She wanted to tell him that he was beyond amazing, but the sudden clamor startled her. 
They were fighting in silence due to the magical shields that Yasmin erected to protect the audience, and Violet completely forgot about them. Now that the shields were down, other than hearing the enthusiastic cheers, she could clearly feel the admiration and approval of her people. 
Her arms were around Ashton, and she reluctantly stepped away. "I wanted to kiss you, but I will do that later when we have privacy," she said. 
Ashton smirked. "I look forward to it." 
"Great performance," Axel praised Violet and Ashton as he approached the couple. "It seems that the mate bond enhanced your abilities." 
Violet glanced behind him to see that Yasmin was walking away. 
"Is aunt Yasmin angry?" Violet asked. 
"She will get over it," Axel responded and continued in a low voice. "You did what was best for the pack. You proved, again, that you are the most capable one to lead, and your mate didn't disappoint. I hope you will stay for dinner and overnight so the pack can celebrate with you. Your room is ready for you to freshen up and rest until the festivities begin." 
Violet glanced at Ashton. They agreed to stay for dinner before, but now Axel added an overnight stay and called it festivities. She had a feeling this could last a few days, but her uncle was revealing it in layers so she won't reject it outright. 
Ashton didn't , so they agreed. 
Axel raised his hand, and that was the signal for a bunch of Violet's cousins to run to them. 
Violet laughed as her little cousins started climbing Ashton's legs, and his hands hovered as he contemplated how to get them off without hurting them. 
"Help?" Ashton pleaded with Violet. 
"I am enjoying this," Violet admitted. 
"I can see that. Can you help?" 
"You are a strong Alpha, Ashton. I'm sure you can handle a few kids." 
"I don't know how to deal with kids. They are so… fragile." 
"What about our kids?" 
Ashton froze. Their kids? Surely, she was not pregnant already. Or was she? 
Violet rolled her eyes. "It was hypothetical, Ash. Don't overthink it." She turned to the rowdy kids that were crowding Ashton. "Boys! Give him some space." 
"We are just playing," five-years-old Mike said with a pout. 
"Your play might chase my mate away," Violet said. "Can you bear the responsibility if he rejects me?" 
The kids gasped. 
Ashton took this moment of confusion to stand behind Violet and wrap his arms around her waist. 
"I won't reject Violet. She is too precious." Ashton needed everyone to hear that. He looked at the kids seriously. "However, we are in public. You all have Alpha blood running through you. Pack members are watching. Do you want them to think you are unruly and your parents did a bad job raising you?" 
All the kids were frozen for a few seconds, and then they quickly lined up to stand with solemn expressions. 
Violet looked at Ashton like she was seeing him for the first time. 
"Impressive." She had never seen her cousins so quiet and static. 
Ashton puffed his chest. He loved that she praised him. 
###Chapter 1060 Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (1)
Chapter 1060  Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (1)
Violet and Ashton managed to leave the Moonrider family dynamics behind them as they entered the room reserved for Violet. It was the second largest bedroom in the main building, right after Talia's and Damon's. 
Axel and Yasmin stayed in that room until Violet was born, and then they moved into a separate wing with their children. Axel was not the guy who cared about hierarchy and positions. His focus was on his family and his pack. As long as everyone was safe and had food on their tables, he was happy. 
Ashton closed the door and hugged Violet from behind. "Are you OK?" 
He knew that under that cocky attitude and assertion of dominance, Violet didn't enjoy what they did to Valeria. That was why he volunteered to do all the fighting because Violet wouldn't be able to. Or she would, but every hit Violet delivered would hurt her twice as much. 
Violet's fa?ade was solid, but Ashton could feel her heartbreak. She was strong and fragile at the same time, and Ashton admired her very much. If he could, he would take away every hardship from her path. 
Violet was unsure what to do with all the emotions. She won and demonstrated that she and her mate were the best, but the victory was bitter. With her brothers, there was never-ending competition, but they all knew their place, and no one showed any intention to claim anything that was hers. It was different with Valeria. 
Violet was grateful that Ashton was her shield and her sword, and now her comfort. Alpha Ashton Pascal was the perfect mate. Her mate. 
"Hold me, Ash," Violet whispered while fisting Ashton's shirt. 
"It will be alright." 
"Will it?" 
"No one can have it all, Vi. Life is full of choices which means that there will be times when you lose something. If you are lucky, the choice will be easy." 
"It's not my fault that my mother is the Alpha of this pack. It's not my fault that the Moon Goddess made us mates. It's not my fault that I'm Violet Blake, and she is not." 
"I know," Ashton said. "And I'm sure that Val knows it too. But it will be up to her to accept it." He tightened his hold on her. "You made a tough decision, and I am proud of you." 
Violet was embarrassed. She was whiny, and Ashton was comforting her while offering her words of wisdom, and between the two of them, Ashton was the one who made many thought choices. She had it easy, with her parents, brothers, friends, and her pack supporting her, yet Ashton endured solitude, dangerous procedures, and fierce battles for five years… because of her. 
Ashton's eyes flashed as he understood what she wanted. It was a sudden change in mood as he didn't expect her to wish comfort by No matter how hard she trained and how quickly her powers grew, Violet was aware that she was missing something… or maybe someone who would anchor her and show her the way without hindering her. The right man was right there, holding her, comforting her, accepting her, and somehow, she knew it will be alright. 
Violet looked up at Ashton with her vision blurred from tears. She was not sad. Those were happy tears. 
"Make love to me, Ashton," she pleaded. 
Ashton's eyes flashed as he understood what she wanted. It was a sudden change in mood as he didn't expect her to wish comfort by indulging in carnal pleasures, but he had no ions. Ashton scooped her in his arms and rushed to the bed, fearing she might change her mind if he was too slow. 
Violet watched with amusement as he removed his clothes with urgency. 
Every tension of his muscles pulled on her heartstrings. 
"I thank the Goddess for making you mine. You are beautiful," she breathed. 
Ashton froze and stared at her. "Those are my lines, Vi. You are the most beautiful female in the universe, and…" He crawled on the bed on top of her. "I thank the Moon Goddess for allowing me to be your mate." He kissed her chin. "I am honored…" He kissed her nose. "And humbled…" 
"And horny," she said with a grin. 
"That too." Ashton clicked his tongue. "Why are you still dressed, Vi?" 
"I'm waiting for my mate to undress me." 
It took her a moment to realize she had made a mistake. But before she could protest, Ashton tugged the bottom hem of her shirt. The fabric gave in like it was nothing, and within a second, Violet was completely naked, and tatters of what used to be her clothes were falling on the ground all over the room. 
"Does my mate want anything else before I start feasting on her?" Ashton asked with a playful smirk. 
Violet gave up on scolding him. She didn't care about clothes. 
"Nothing, my Alpha," Violet said. "The feast can begin." 
They had a few hours before the feast, and Ashton had every intention to have a feast of his own first, with Violet as the appetizer, main dish, and dessert. He loved desserts, especially when they smelled of open forests and meadows filled with wildflowers, like Violet. 
Ashton growled lowly as he descended to claim her lips with his. 
Violet closed her eyes and allowed herself to get lost in Ashton because his proximity and the sparks of their bond made all bad things disappear. 
They were both Alphas, eager to show dominance, but when it came to carnal pleasures, Violet was happily letting him take the lead. 
She wanted him to know that she craved his touch and was submitting to him willingly. It was important for him to know she was his, even though they were equals. Actually, even after all the modifications and hardships Ashton went through, Violet was possibly stronger than he was, but she would never challenge him in such a way. Violet found it easy to let go of control because she knew Aston will put her first. He always put her first. 
… 
The pack feast was set up outside, on the clearing behind the main house. 
It was crowded. Almost all pack members assembled. 
A party of such a size would typically take days to set up, or maybe weeks, but Yasmin and Axel called the whole Midnight Guardians pack to bring drinks and food, like it was a casual picnic where everyone could bring what they could. Ideally, they would bring enough for themselves with a bit of extra. No one came emptyhanded. 
The event turned out with quite a surplus of food because people wanted to impress Violet Blake, their future Alpha, and Ashton Pascal, her mate; by extension, their future Alpha also. 
The word spread that Ashton defeated Valeria and Edgar while protecting Violet. If not for this, people would think that Ashton was not worthy of being their Alpha because no one could stand by Alpha Violet Blake's side as an equal. But after the news of Ashton's victory, people were curious. 
Some pack members prepared gifts for Violet and Ashton, and Yasmin organized her oldest kids to keep the presents in the side room for the newly mated Alpha couple to open later. 
For many members of the Midnight Guardians pack, this was their first chance to see Ashton in person. People remembered him as a mischievous child and a teen who didn't draw attention. Ashton was one of the rare low-profile Alphas of the new generation, and it was surprising to hear he was mated to their young Alpha Violet, the most powerful Alpha among young adults. 
The crowd stirred when Ashton and Violet appeared. 
They were side-by-side with Ashton's arm around Violet's shoulders and hers around his waist. No one could deny that they were beautiful, and the power oozing from them was tangible. 
Violet's eyes moved over numerous faces, and she smiled happily as she sensed the approval of her people. They approved of her and Ashton, and that meant a lot.
###Chapter 1061 Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (2)
Chapter 1061  Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (2)
Violet's smile faded when she saw two people missing at the main table. 
'Where are Val and Ed?' Violet asked Axel through their mind link. 
Axel looked at Violet guiltily. 'Val is not in the best state of mind, and she asked to be excused from this event. Ed is giving her company.' 
Normally, Violet would let this slide. The truth was that she didn't want to see Valeria brooding during this supposedly happy occasion. However, as an Alpha, Violet couldn't let it go. 
'She has ten minutes to appear here, or I will treat her as a traitor,' Violet said sternly, which earned her a frown of disapproval from Axel. 
Violet narrowed her eyes at Axel, releasing some of her Alpha power through the mind link, 'It is time for Valeria Moonrider to act her age and her position. If she can't respect me as her cousin, she should respect me as her future Alpha. Valeria will deal with that or suffer consequences. Seeing you sit there and hoping I will fold makes me wonder if Valeria is the only one challenging my position.' 
Axel lowered his head, but he still spoke, 'You are wise and kind, Violet. You know we are not rebelling, and you won't hurt your family.' 
'Maybe I won't. But my father will.' This was the truth. 
Damon would mercilessly punish anyone who caused grievances to Talia or his children, in that order. 
And what was that nonsense about them not rebelling? They didn't need to start throwing rocks at Violet. It was enough to not show respect and talking back and being absent from events like this one qualified as disrespect. 
Every pack member was elated to see Violet in person, yet it seemed that Valeria and Edgar, two people who were supposed to be her right and left hand after she took over as the Alpha, were silently disapproving of her position. 
Axel raised his head to meet Violet's firm gaze. After a long second, he stood up and bowed. "Pardon me, young Alpha Violet. I will check on Valeria and Edgar to see what held them back." 
Ashton pulled a chair for Violet to sit on, and then he settled by her side. 
She watched with amusement as he piled up the food on her plate. This was their first proper meal in public since they were mated, and she was surprised that he hovered around her just as he did in private. He disregarded his image of an Alpha and turned into a doting mate. 
Ashton's hands paused. "Did I miss something? Do you want your meat cut differently?" 
Violet bit her lower lip to suppress the incoming grin, but it still happened. "Everything you are doing is perfect, Ash." More than perfect. She felt loved, protected, cherished, and her vision blurred with tears that swelled under the onslaught of emotions that caught her by surprise. 
Ashton threw the knife and fork on the table and cupped her cheeks. "Hey, hey… Don't do that. People will think I'm bullying you." 
Violet buried her face in his neck and took a deep breath. "Do you know that you smell of carnations? I always loved those. They were my favorite. I think I scented you a long time ago, but you were always bringing me flowers, and I thought it was from them." 
"What are you saying?" 
"I think that if you came once without flowers, I would realize you were my mate." She swallowed hard. "Before you left." 
Ashton pinched her chin and looked at her. "Don't torture yourself with such thoughts, Vi. Whatever happened brought us to this exact moment. It's the two of us, with all this food that your people prepared for you." 
"Us," she corrected him. "It's OUR people, and they prepared this food for US." 
"Whatever you say, my love," Ashton murmured and pecked her lips once, twice, and her arms snaked around his neck as she kissed him back like no one was watching. 
Exaggerated clearing of someone's throat got their attention. 
Violet turned to see Yasmin giving them a stern look. 
"I know you are newly mated, and hormones are raging, but…" She glanced in the direction of the crowd that was looking at them and smiling. "You don't need to give them a live show." 
Violet cleared her throat. "Sorry, aunt Yasmin. Thanks for the reminder." She turned to Ashton. "You need to stop using your charms on me in public." 
Ashton smirked. "I'm quite confident that you were the one who charmed me first." 
Violet was about to , but the most delicious bite of lamb entered her mouth. 
Other packs relied on hunting to get fresh meat. The Midnight Guardians pack was not against hunting, but most of their meat came from sheep and cows they were raising themselves. With their territory being isolated, if they went hunting freely, their meat supply would dwindle quickly. 
Since they opened a portal directly to the Dark Howlers pack, their hunting escapades were more frequent, but it was more for practice and the thrill of it than out of necessity. 
Violet studied the changes her mother brought to the Midnight Guardians pack, and she was proud of her, but a small part of Violet feared that there was nothing left to do, and she was not happy with the idea that she would always be known as the daughter of the Alpha Natalia Moonrider everyone worshiped. Her mother left some big shoes to fill, and she was still an active Alpha, accomplishing the impossible. Violet wondered if she would ever be able to top that, and in a way, she understood that Valeria probably felt the same when she thought of Violet as the future Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack. They were all of the Alpha bloodline, blessed by the powers of Gods, yet their insecurities were tangible, and if anyone thought their lives went without a hitch, they would be wrong. 
Violet could feel the change in the air, and she didn't need to turn to see that Valeria and Edgar had arrived. 
The twins took their seats at the main table and started eating. 
Violet glanced at Valeria. "How nice of you to join us." 
Valeria cocked an eyebrow. "I see you are eating. It's not like you were waiting for us." 
"Were you expecting us to wait for you?" Violet asked. Before Valeria could respond, Violet asked her next question. "Do you think you are important enough for your Alpha to wait because you decided to make a grand entrance by being tardy?" 
Valeria knew that Violet was provoking her, but she couldn't stop her temper flaring. "Oh, I know that young Alpha Violet would never wait for me." 
'CRACK!' 
The glass in Violet's hand shattered. 
"I was talking about Alpha Ashton, not about myself," Violet said stiffly. "Disobedience toward me can be overlooked because we are cousins, and we have known each other for a long time. However, I'm not sure that Alpha Ashton will be so forgiving. After all, he doesn't know you as well as I do, and he might interpret your unruly behavior as rebellion." 
"Rebellion?" Edgar said with panic in his voice. "We would never…" 
He stopped talking when Violet raised her hand. 
"We are cousins, so I will share some information with you. Alpha Ashton spent the last five years fighting rogues. He saw enough carnage and death for several lifetimes. Those things change a person, and make him less forgiving. I'm sure that my mate will do everything in his power to protect his mate and his pack, regardless of who the threat is." 
"We are NOT a threat to our pack," Valeria said through her teeth. 
"Then maybe you should act like it," Violet quipped and turned to Ashton who was ready to feed her.
###Chapter 1062 Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (3)
Chapter 1062  Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (3)
Violet and Ashton didn't stay the night in the Midnight Guardians pack. 
Due to the time difference between the realms, staying a few extra hours or days wouldn't make a big difference for the world that existed beyond the portal, but Violet didn't want to linger longer than necessary and give more chances for Valeria to step on her toes. 
The last thing Violet wanted was for Valeria to get crazy ideas of revenge or maybe to approach Ashton carelessly. It's not that it would work, but Violet would need to punish her cousin, and Violet hoped it wouldn't come to it. 
Will Valeria accept her role and they could coexist peacefully? Violet was unsure. But she knew that she was not the one who could talk sense into Valeria. In this situation, Violet was the one at the top, the one with a happy ending, and Valeria needed to hear the truth from someone else. 
Violet left words of warning to Axel and Edgar, who seemed to be the most reasonable there out of the Moonrider family. She told them that unless Valeria learns to act according to her position and accepts Violet as her future Alpha, Valeria should be prepared to leave the pack. 
"Val accepts you as her Alpha," Edgar said with desperation etched on his face. If Valeria leaves (or was banished) it would tear their family apart, and the pack will suffer. 
"Does she?" Violet asked as her eyes moved from Edgar to Axel. "I know that for Val, I am her cousin. Her YOUNGER cousin. That worked when we were kids, but now it won't pass. She needs to see beyond family bonds because I won't allow such relationships to be a security risk for me, my family, or my pack. Is that clear?" 
It was harsh, but Violet didn't see a different way out. If Valeria didn't accept her as the Alpha, there would be a risk of some people following Valeria and causing a rift within the pack; the last thing Violet wanted was to punish her pack members because they sided with Valeria, who was plagued with jealousy. 
Sure, members of the Midnight Guardians pack worshiped Talia and Violet, but Valeria was a Moonrider who rarely left the pack, and it was normal that people respected her also. Damon told Violet that the biggest betrayals come from within, from the people she trusts, and Violet didn't want to risk it. 
At the Dark Howlers pack, Talia welcomed Violet and Ashton with a big hug, but the rest of the Blake family was more reserved. 
Violet's brothers were protective of her, and they saw Ashton as someone who came to take away their sister. Even Jacob, who was usually friendly with Ashton, was giving him the stink-eye. Damon was filled with a different level of hostility, one that was bloodthirsty and tangible, and Ashton was confident that if Talia was not there, Damon would explode into violence. 
"Are you staying this time?" Talia asked. 
Violet glanced at Ashton. "We didn't discuss logistics, but we would like to visit Alpha Cristian and Luna Michelle." They would probably go there first, but the portal connected them directly to the Dark Howlers pack, and it would be rude if they skipped greeting Damon and Talia, as they knew that Violet was there already. 
Talia was hoping they would stay. She was used to Violet always being home. It was hard to think about Violet as a mated woman. 
Talia suspected that Violet and Ashton would want to live in the packhouse of the Spring Leaf pack. It was smaller than the home Damon and Talia shared with their children, but Ashton was a single child, and with him gone, Alpha Cristian's packhouse would be left empty. 
There were so many things to consider, and they were still adjusting to their bond. Talia didn't want to add to it, but she needed to mention… 
"As you go to the Spring Leaf pack, avoid the Blue River pack's territory. It would be best if your uncle Max and aunt Tanya don't know you are back." 
"Why?" Violet asked, genuinely worried. She didn't think about driving anyway. With portals, they can be at the Spring Leaf within a minute, and they didn't need to get close to the Blue River pack, but still… They were always friendly with open borders. 
Jacob cleared his throat. "Uncle Max is angry that you destroyed his vacation house." 
Violet's eyes widened when she realized what Jacob was talking about. She glanced at Ashton, who was grinning shamelessly. 
Violet nudged him with her shoulder, and she asked through their mind link, 'How can you be so nonchalant about this?' 
Ashton's grin widened. 'What we did was a result of our love. I didn't hear you complaining when I took you…' 
'WE CAN HEAR YOU!' Talia's words made both Violet and Ashton freeze. 
"You can?" Violet asked, using her voice. 
Talia shook her head helplessly and stood in front of Damon, whose eyes were bloodshot, and his murderous intent was directed at Ashton. 
"Your mind link might be out of reach for regular pack members, but when you are close to us, please… watch your language," Talia warned them while wrapping her arms around Damon. "Will you be here in time for dinner? We can plan a little party for you. Our people miss you and want to congratulate you on finding your mate." 
"Miss me? We were away for only a few days," Violet said. It was that long in this realm. 
"That's true, but everyone knows you met your mate during the pack run, and they are curious. If not today, then tomorrow or the day after?" 
Violet turned to look at Ashton, silently asking him to decide. 
Ashton couldn't say no to Talia, even if he wanted to. "We will have lunch with my parents and catch up in the evening. We can return tomorrow. That should give you enough time to prepare dinner. How does that sound?" 
Talia clapped excitedly. "Sounds wonderful." She loved hosting parties. Their friends would gather and come with the kids. It was lively. "Invite your parents over for dinner also. It will be nice to catch up with Michelle and Cristian." She glanced at Damon. "Technically, they are our in-laws." 
Damon was not so excited, but he didn't want to spoil this for Talia or for Violet. 
This would be the first time for Violet and Ashton to appear at their event as a mated couple, and Talia wondered how that would turn out. She knew that Ashton never really fit in because he was noticeably older than all the other youngsters. Violet also stood out because everyone knew she was destined to lead not just two packs but also a coalition of packs. It was a lot of responsibility, but it was not a secret that Violet was the most powerful Alpha of their generation and that her abilities were still growing. 
Due to her power, Violet was the only one who could keep other Alphas in check and watch over packs to prevent senseless killing over land and resources that their kind endured in the past. 
Now that Violet and Ashton were mated, three packs would be under the absolute rule of one Alpha couple. The Dark Howlers pack was the largest pack in North America based on their territory and the number of pack members. The Midnight Guardians pack was the most powerful one, thanks to the abilities their pack members had and their close connection to witches. The Spring Leaf pack held its ground with profound tactics in strategizing and negotiating. With those three packs combined, no one could predict what the future would bring, but it would be inevitable for other packs to grow restless while contemplating their choices between submission and retaliation - there was no third option. 
###Chapter 1063 Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (4)
Chapter 1063  Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (4)
Lunch at the Spring Leaf pack was awkward – for lack of a better word. 
Luna Michelle was sniffling most of the time, happy that her son was back and that he was mated to Violet. 
Luna Michelle would put food onto Ashton's plate, always asking if he wanted more, and Violet suspected that Luna Michelle would try feeding Ashton if Violet was not there. Violet saw the Pascal family many times, but always in an official setting with many guests around. 
This was the first time for Violet to witness a private moment, family only, and she wondered if Luna Michelle was always clinging to Ashton like that or if this was just because they hadn't seen each other in a while. It was normal for a mother to be proud of her son and to dote on him, but wasn't this exaggerated? 
On the other side, Alpha Cristian was too polite, and Violet found it odd that he would talk to her with such respect. He was her senior, and they should at least talk as equals. 
Luna Michelle shifted the topic to remodeling their packhouse. She wanted to combine two bedrooms into one so that Ashton and Violet could stay there and have extra space for a crib. Luna Michelle was talking about colors and fabrics, and based on the number of details, Violet guessed that her future mother-in-law had thought about it for a while. 
Luna Michelle spoke about a welcome party for Ashton since he was back for good this time and that they should conduct the Alpha ceremony for him so he could take over the pack officially. 
"Now that Ash is mated, we need to plan a ceremony for Violet so she becomes the Luna." Luna Michelle looked dreamily at Ashton and Christian. "Once Ash takes over as an Alpha, we can relax and travel." She glanced at Violet. "Don't worry, dear. We will always be close and available to help you if needed. But I assume your parents prepared you for a big role in life, so this shouldn't be new for you. I can help you with figuring out packhouse management and…" 
Violet plastered a smile as her mind was spinning. Packhouse management? Her parents taught her about politics, using abilities, and breaking bones. Violet was a warrior, a leader of two packs by birth. She had numerous lessons on how to fight, kill, and negotiate, and not how to manage a house. 
Violet could torture a person for days without killing them. Of course, Talia disapproved of such things, but she taught Violet how to use her ability to force a person to tell the truth. 
People always spoke about Damon like he was the Black Demon, the one that shouldn't be offended, without realizing that Talia was a bigger danger than Damon. Damon was a powerful but straightforward guy. If he didn't like someone, that person knew it. Talia could smile and pretend she wanted peace, but then she would use whatever means necessary to get that peace, even if that included causing a calamity, and Talia could cause a calamity with a thought. It was scary. People were lucky that Talia was not easy to anger. 
"It will be the biggest party we ever hosted!" Luna Michelle was back to talking about Ashton's Alpha and Violet's Luna ceremonies. "I will ask for help from Talia, Mindy, and a few others to organize an event of such magnitude…" 
Violet didn't think about the ceremonies involving the Spring Leaf pack. Suddenly, her being mated to Ashton came with a different cause for a headache. It's not that Violet was ing to being a Luna. That was only a title, a label others would use, and it didn't define her in any way. However, the problem was that Luna Michelle was talking about locations, food choices, and which band to hire, asking Ashton about his preferences, like Violet was not there. 
Ashton could feel Violet's unease and disapproval, so he cut the lunch short with, "Vi and I will head to my room to rest. Plan for dinner at the Dark Howlers pack tomorrow. If we take the portal, we can leave late afternoon." 
Violet didn't when Ashton took her hand and led the way upstairs, and only when it was the two of them, she relaxed. 
Violet stood in the middle of the room and observed it. There was a queen size bed, a desk with a chair, a small sitting area with a sofa and two ottomans around a coffee table, several wall shelves with books on them, and one closed door that led to the bathroom and possibly a closet. 
Ashton rubbed the back of his head. "Sorry about my parents. If you had any thoughts of us staying here for a few days, those thoughts are probably gone by now." And they could forget about living here permanently. 
Violet didn't want to lie, but she didn't want to sound like a bitchy daughter-in-law either. "I don't want to make your parents uncomfortable." 
Violet had no intention of fighting with Luna Michelle for Ashton's attention. It's not that Ashton was neglecting Violet, but Violet didn't like the long hug Luna Michelle gave Ashton when they arrived, and that hug would last much longer if Ashton didn't pry Luna Michelle's arms from him. After that, the whole lunch, Luna Michelle was utterly focused on Ashton, barely acknowledging Violet's presence. Violet could understand that Luna Michelle was doting on her son, but ignoring Violet was difficult to swallow. She was the future Alpha of Alphas, and Alpha Cristian treated her as royalty, while Luna Michelle wanted Violet to manage her packhouse. What a joke! 
Ashton wanted to explain that he was the only child, which made his mother clingy, but Violet was not interested in hearing it. It was not a secret that Luna Michelle was sticking close to her son, more so as he was growing up. But Violet didn't know it was this bad. 
"What are we going to do, Ash?" Violet asked, and she sucked in a breath when she felt a splash of carnation-scented heat on her back. 
"I don't know about tomorrow, but I know what I want to do right now…" His breath fanned her ear. "In my room. With my mate. You know, Vi... I never had a female here." Sure, he wanked off more times than he would like to admit, but to have a woman here, in his bed… it would be a first. 
Violet closed her eyes when his arms wrapped around her, and he kissed his ear, and they both froze when the door of his room opened. 
"Oops!" Luna Michelle exclaimed. She was holding a tray with fruits. "I thought you kids might be hungry since you didn't finish lunch. I will leave this here, and I will give you privacy." 
Ashton closed his eyes. He didn't need to look to know that his mother placed the tray on the coffee table and left the room, but not before she threw another glance or two at them. 
"I'm so sorry…" He said. 
"Lock the door," Violet snapped. 
There was a clicking sound, and in the next moment, Ashton's arms were back around Violet's waist. 
"Sorry, love. My mom can be…" He didn't know how to end this. 
"Good that you know," Violet snapped. 
###Chapter 1064 Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (5)
Chapter 1064  Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (5)
Violet looked at Ashton as irritation swelled within her. She didn't want to break the lovey-dovey mood, but his mother had broken it already. 
There was a danger of Violet coming out as overbearing and controlling, but leaving this for later was not a good idea because Ashton would think it was fine when it was NOT fine, and he will continue allowing this to happen. This behavior needed to be nipped in the bud, and Violet was ready for nipping. 
"I don't want to be a pain in the ass, but this is unacceptable." Violet grabbed his shirt. "You are Alpha Ashton Pascal, my mate, and I have no intention of sharing you, even if the other woman is your mother. Is that clear?" 
Her possessiveness turned him on. "Crystal clear." 
He went for a kiss, but Violet dodged him. 
"Vi?" He called, and her eyes fell on the fruits Luna Michelle brought. 
There were grapes, oranges, apples, and strawberries. Everything was washed and cleaned, oranges were peeled, and apples were cut into geometric shapes. 
"Be honest with me, Ash. If I'm not here, your mom would feed you." 
Ashton didn't respond. 
"Ash?" 
"Only if my hands were busy with something else." 
Violet couldn't believe this. He was a grown-ass man! "What else does your mother do for you? Prepare you a bath? Wash your back? Irons your underwear?" 
Ashton puffed his cheeks as he realized where this was going. "I was not raised by Omegas. Mom was doing all that when I was a kid. I was gone for five years, and other than adjusting to the fact that I have a mate, she needs to adjust to the fact that I grew up. Give her time." 
Violet's eyes flashed in anger. "I am Alpha Violet Blake. I don't give anything to people. I take what I want, and I want you to tell me if we have a problem." 
Ashton was taken aback. Why was she so angry? "A problem?" 
"Don't play stupid, Ash—your mother. I am not used to sharing, and I have no intention of sharing you. Your mother needs to step back, or I will." 
Ashton's stomach dropped. Why did that sound like an almost rejection? "What are you saying?" 
"If it's any other woman, I would fight her, make her submit. However, this is your mother and your problem. You need to show me you will stand up for me, for us. If you don't, I'm gone. Make your choice. Now." She squeezed that last word through her teeth irritably. 
Ashton was quick to wrap his arms around Violet. "Vi, I need you to calm down." Her eyes were flashing in silvery light, and the wind in the room was picking up. "What sharing? There is no such thing. I was only trying to explain my mother's - " 
Violet pushed him away angrily. He didn't expect it and ended up stepping backward. 
Ashton was about to go back to hugging her, but Violet extended her arms to prevent him from getting closer. 
"This is a problem, Ash. Instead of explaining TO ME that I need to be tolerant, you should be talking with your mother." 
Violet didn't want to corner him and make him choose; she really didn't. But her wolf was hurting at the thought of their mate codling feelings of another person, and neither Violet nor her wolf cared who the other person was. He didn't put her first. That was enough to hurt. 
Violet was never so furious or disappointed. 
She imagined her mate would crush everything and everyone that stood between them, and he would do anything to make her happy, and he had done that so far with everyone except with his mother. And not only that, but he was expecting Violet to be understanding and patient while his mother adjusted to this situation. What a joke! 
Her eyes filled with angry tears, and she didn't want him to see her like that. 
Violet turned on her heel and dashed toward the open window, not caring that they were on the third floor. 
"VI!" Ashton shouted and ran after her. By the time he was there, he saw a golden wolf running toward the forest. "Fuck!" He cursed loudly. Now what? Should he talk to his mother or go after Violet? 
After a moment of hesitation, Ashton leaped through the window and exploded into his massive gray wolf. 
'Vi! VI! Wait!' Ashton shouted through their mind link while struggling to catch up with her. 
'I know you can hear me. Please. Wait. WAIT!' 
He was running as fast as he could. More than once, he lost sight of her, but he used her scent and the pull of the mate bond to guide him. 
'Love, let's talk about this.' 
'There is nothing for us to talk about,' she hissed back. 
'Yes, there is. I don't want us to fight whenever we disagree.' 
'This is a disagreement only if you think it's fine for your mother to disrespect me. Is that what you are saying?' 
'Of course not! Can you stop looking for a fight when there is none?' 
'We are not fighting! I am angry, and I need to vent. Give me space, or I will release my anger on you, and I don't want that.' 
'I'm fine with it, Vi. Use me as your punching bag. It will hurt less than you running away from me.' 
This made her slow down. She didn't want to run away, but she didn't want to fight him either. 
'I know I'm wrong, Ash. I know I'm unreasonable, but…' She slowed down more, and Ashton caught up to her. 
He jumped in front of Violet and blocked her path. 'But?' 
Violet shook her furry head. 
'Talk to me, Vi,' Ashton pleaded. 
She raised her head slowly to meet his gaze. Even as a wolf, he was handsome. 
'I don't know how to deal with this, Ash. I can't stand anyone else touching you. I can't stand when you look at another, even if that other is your mom. I need you to be with me. I need you to look at me, only me, and tell everyone else to scram.' 
He snorted. 'I feel the same about you, Vi. There will be no touching and no looking other than you. How about that?' 
'You can't exclude others from your life.' 
'Why not? I have done that for the last five years. The difference is that now I have you.' He approached her slowly and rubbed his head on her neck. 'I waited six years to claim you, Vi. That's six eternities on my calendar. I have no intention of waiting for another minute. I want us to be together all the time. Every second counts. Don't run away from me. If you don't want my mother nearby, I will cut her off.' 
'That's not fair.' 
'I don't care. The only thing I care about is that you are happy, and I know you are happy when it's just the two of us.' 
Violet's eyes widened as the big gray wolf shifted into a shape of a handsome man. She saw Ashton naked many times, but the sight of his muscles and tattoo-covered flesh made her heart speed up. 
Now that she was in her wolf form, his scent of carnations was so much stronger than usually; it made her dizzy. It called her to get closer. He was irresistible. 
###Chapter 1065 Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (6)
Chapter 1065  Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (6)
Ashton sat on the ground and extended his arms to Violet. 
Violet raised her head and sniffed the air. 
Ashton chuckled, knowing why she did that. "Don't worry. There is no one around to see me." He frowned. "But just in case, I want you to stay like that." 
Violet realized that he didn't want her to shift. He wanted her in wolf form in case someone comes around and sees her naked. Talk about double standards, but she was glad that he was so protective of her. 
Violet put her head on Ashton's thigh, and he ran his fingers through her golden fur. Her muscles rippled because everything was much more sensitive when she was a wolf. 
Ashton leaned to kiss the top of her head. 
"You are beautiful, Vi. I am lucky to have you in my arms." 
The sincerity of his words hit her hard, and she whimpered. 
"Do you want us to return to the Midnight Guardians pack?" Ashton asked, his fingers never stopping their movement through her rich fur. "We can spend another few months there and see if that's enough to satisfy our cravings for each other. And if that's not enough, we will stay there longer. Forever, if needed. I don't care about me or you being Alpha. I don't care about welcoming dinners and feasts, and I definitely don't care about ceremonies that will put me in a position I don't want. The only thing I want is to be with you, and if other people are upsetting this bliss we have, we can leave, run away, go to a place where it will be just the two of us. We can live in a human city or find an isolated spot. I will build us a shelter, and hunt for food, and it will be just us. What do you say?" 
Violet raised her head to look at him. 
'We can't do that, Ash,' Violet was snarling, snorting, and making other noises in her wolf form, but her words reached him clearly through their mind link. 'If you leave, there will be no one to lead the Spring Leaf pack. And if I leave, Jacob will take over the Dark Howlers pack, and Valeria will become the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack.' 
"Would that be bad?" He didn't bother using the mind link, knowing she could understand him. 
'They will never live up to those roles, Ash. Not because I don't trust they can do it, but because they will know that they got those positions only because I left. They will doubt their abilities, and they will doubt the pack's loyalty, and those will eat them from the inside. A leader without confidence is doomed for failure, and the pack will suffer.' 
Ashton smiled. "The Moon Goddess blessed me with a wise mate. You are not only breathtakingly beautiful and powerful, but you also hold wisdom beyond your age. I am indeed a lucky guy." 
Violet snorted, and she moved her head to the side only to be greeted with Ashton's raging erection hitting her snout. 
'Why are you aroused now? Are you into furries?' 
Ashton chuckled. "I thought I told you a story about how once I nearly fucked a mountain goat. She was lucky I hadn't eaten for days and was starving. You, on the other hand…" He grinned. "I had lunch, so I am rather horny." 
Violet's eyes were open so wide that they nearly popped out of their sockets. 
She quickly flipped her body and landed on her four legs. 
'If you want to eat this…' She raised her tail to show him her butt. 'You will need to catch me first!' 
And off she went to disappear into the bushes. 
Ashton jumped after her, and instead of two bare feet, four paws landed on the soft grass as a massive gray wolf dashed in the direction where the golden one disappeared. 
Ashton knew that he needed to talk to his mother about boundaries, and it was a question if the relationship between Michelle and Violet could be mended at all. 
Considering their current situation, pacifying Violet came first, and dealing with his mother was for later. He will do his best to make Luna Michelle understand the situation, and if it doesn't work, he will cut her off. For him, it was that simple. 
Ashton was aware that his mother was happy and didn't handle the situation appropriately. He couldn't blame her. However, Violet was not a no-name she-wolf, and his mother should know better. 
Violet was an Alpha female and the highest-ranking werewolf by birth whose strength and power were praised by werewolves, witches, and the Guardians. Dismissing Violet and talking like she should be happy to be the Luna of a mediocre pack was testing luck. Ashton knew his mother was lucky only because Violet cared about his feelings. 
Ashton shook those thoughts away. He was chasing after Violet, and if she got a hint that he was thinking about someone else, she would blow a fuse. 
Violet was temperamental and possessive, and he loved her just the way she was. She was a strong female, submitting to him willingly and letting him plunder her insides, and that turned him on beyond belief. Now the only thing he needed to do was to catch her... 
… 
Ashton and Violet returned to the packhouse after a night of frolicking in the forest. Violet enjoyed exploring the secret hideouts Ashton used as a kid, but what they did in those places was inappropriate for kids to see. 
"Where were you?" Luna Michelle asked from the door. She wanted to scold him for being irresponsible, but she stopped when she realized that Ashton was holding onto Violet like she might escape if he let her go. "Did something happen?" 
"Whatever happened is between me and my mate," Ashton responded dryly. 
Luna Michelle gaped at him. "My question came from a place of love and worry. Why are you curt with me? We had an event last night, and everyone was waiting for you, and you didn't show up. Your father and I tried mind-linking you, and you shut us down, leaving us with an event hall full of Elders and other high-ranking pack members, unsure how to explain your absence. This is not the right way to set the tone as the future Alpha who knows his responsibilities. If anything, you should apologize." 
"Alphas don't apologize," Ashton said and looked behind his mother to see Alpha Cristian approaching them. 
Ashton turned to Violet. "Do you want to wait in my room?" 
Violet refused. "Luna Michelle might be talking to you, but her words are directed at both of us. I am your mate, and I won't allow you to face this, or anything else, on your own." 
Ashton's heart expanded, and he felt a sudden urge to kiss Violet, but this was not the time for a lovey-dovey mood. His parents were right there, and they had an audience of several Omegas pretending to work while eavesdropping. 
Ashton welcomed spectators as he didn't want to risk other incidents. It's not that he feared it might separate him from Violet, but he could feel her insecurities and dejection, and he vowed never to be the reason for Violet to have negative emotions.
###Chapter 1066 Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (7)
Chapter 1066  Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (7)
"Did something happen?" Alpha Cristian asked. He didn't miss the awkward atmosphere. 
"Nothing, really," Ashton responded. "Mother is scolding us for missing a function and asking for an apology." He turned to his mother. "Who is more important? Me as the future Alpha or a bunch of pencil-pushers?" 
"Now, now…" Alpha Cristian said while gesturing to Ashton to calm down. From those few questions, he understood what was happening because Luna Michelle was crying last night and that morning about Ashton not coming with Violet and making them look like fools. They called people saying that Ashton was back with his mate, Alpha Violet Blake, yet the main couple didn't appear. 
Some Elders questioned if Ashton was around, and some wondered if he was mated to Violet. 
"Of course, you are more important, but you shouldn't offend others," Alpha Cristian said. "Some of those people made great contributions to this pack, and they deserve respect even though they are below you in ranks." 
"I didn't organize the party. I didn't invite them. I didn't say I will be here. Why should I apologize?" 
Alpha Cristian didn't know how to respond to this. In a way, Ashton was right. But Ashton was not done. 
"Things like these make me wonder if it's worth taking over this pack." 
Luna Michelle paled. "What are you saying?" 
"Alpha should lead and not bow to others." 
"No one said you should bow to others," Luna Michelle said. 
"You said I should apologize for something that was not my fault." 
Luna Michelle shook her head. "Forget I said anything." 
"I don't think I can. This got me thinking, should I take over as the Alpha?" 
"What?" Luna Michelle asked. 
"You heard me," Ashton snapped. "Things are changing, and we must do what's best." Ashton looked at Violet, as he didn't share this with her. "I think it's time to remove this virtual border separating our territories and combine them into one." 
Alpha Cristian sucked in a sharp breath. "You want the Dark Howlers pack to absorb our pack." 
Ashton nodded, but he didn't remove his gaze from Violet. "I have been thinking about this since I found out you are my mate. It's the logical step. Think about it. The Spring Leaf pack will be a good addition to your pack." 
While growing up, Violet didn't think about packs as separate entities. Her parents were leaders of the coalition, and everyone listened to them. Violet was set to inherit their positions, so thinking about only one or two packs would be narrowminded. But if she needed to focus on only two, the Dark Howlers pack was much larger and stronger when compared to the Spring Leaf pack. 
Before Violet could voice her agreement, Alpha Cristian waved his hands, indicating to Violet and Ashton to stop talking. "There are Omegas here. Don't talk in the open about such big changes unless you know the details. Rumors can shake even the most solid plans." 
"We can talk about that later," Ashton said. "I will take Vi upstairs, so we freshen up before we go to the Dark Howlers pack." 
"What about a party here?" Luna Michelle asked. 
"Wasn't that last night?" Ashton responded with a question. 
"But you didn't show up." 
Ashton would ask for Violet's opinion on this, but she already told him he would need to deal with his parents. He had an answer for this. 
"We will tell you when we are ready for a party. Both Violet and I have our duties and schedules. As a newly mated couple, we want to spend time with each other and our families. I am confident that Elders and high-ranking members will understand. If they don't, remind them I am their future Alpha and that five years of solitude made me less forgiving." 
Luna Michelle looked at Violet, silently asking for help. 
Ashton frowned at his mother. "Don't expect Vi to talk against me, mother. I am your son, but I am also her mate and an Alpha." 
"Let it go, dear," Alpha Cristian said. 
Luna Michelle was not the one to give up easily. "After you freshen up, can you come to the garden? Some people would like to greet you." 
"If we feel like it, we will come down," Ashton said while leading Violet inside. He turned to glance at his mother. "Make sure no one disturbs us. If there is an emergency, use mind-link." 
 Ashton and Violet didn't talk until they reached Ashton's room. 
"How was that?" 
Violet cocked an eyebrow at him. "What do you want, a medal?" She made a face. "Sorry. My temper sometimes gets the best of me." 
"Your bests and your worsts are my everything, Vi. As long as you are with me, I will take it no matter what it is." 
Violet melted on the inside. In front of her was an exquisite male specimen. Tall, muscular, broad shoulders, sexy tattoos, and enchanting eyes she couldn't look away from. And he smelled of carnations. Ashton Pascal was a complete package, and what impacted her the most were his love and insecurities. He was craving her approval, to know that she accepted him. 
"Alpha Ashton," Violet called. "That's not how an Alpha should talk." Or feel. What was up with those insecurities? 
"No, it's not. This is how a male will talk to his mate, his other half. In front of you, I am not an Alpha. I am just a man who will do anything to make you happy. If I must defeat dragons or extinguish volcanoes, I will do it for you." 
Violet pouted. "Sounds like you will do a lot of things to avoid me." 
Ashton chuckled. He loved her sarcasm and her sense of humor. 
Violet heard some voices from the outside, and she walked to the window, the same window through which she had jumped out the previous day. 
Now the garden was set up with tables and chairs. She estimated that at least fifty people could sit there comfortably, and she counted about a dozen males and females, mostly older ones in fancy outfits. Were they hoping to get Ashton's attention? Or hers? 
"What are you looking at?" Ashton asked. 
"I'm wondering if the party is just starting or if it's over and these people are lingering." 
Ashton hummed ambiguously. "Who cares? We are not going there." 
Violet's previous hostility disappeared completely and she turned to him. "Are you sure?" 
"Positive. The only thing I want is to stay here with you. Actually, anywhere with you will be fine. But here is special." 
"And why is that?" 
Ashton traced her jaw with his index finger. "I never had a woman in my room, Vi." 
She wanted to remind him that his mother was here, but she didn't want to be snarky. "Really?" 
"Mhm… you are my first Vi. You will be the first one to sleep in my bed." 
"Who said we will be sleeping?" 
Ashton chuckled. "I love you, Vi." 
She smiled. "I love you too, Ash." 
Slowly, really slowly, Ashton lowered his head, and Violet got on her toes to reduce the time she needed to wait until their lips connected. 
Violet's arms snapped around Ashton, and she couldn't get him close enough. They had kissed so many times already, yet every time it felt fresh and all-consuming. Not enough. She needed more of Ashton. She needed all of him. 
Violet tugged on his shirt with such force that buttons ripped and fell on the floor, but neither of them cared about ruined clothes. 
Ashton grabbed Violet's buttocks and lifted her. He loved the way her legs wrapped around his waist, and he walked into the bathroom with her. 
After last night's activities, they both needed a shower. It's not that Ashton minded some sweat, but it gave him an excuse to get naked and have sex, and… he wanted to have sex with Violet — all the time.
###Chapter 1067 Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (8)
Chapter 1067  Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (8)
~ The Dark Howlers pack ~ 
Ashton was sitting on an office chair in Violet's room and looking around. Her room was a bit larger than his. 
There was a bed, a sitting area with a sofa and two sofa chairs around a coffee table, and a workstation with a desk and an office chair where he sat. Walls were lined up with shelves filled with books, and there were two tall cabinets with pull-out drawers. On top of the cabinets were several dolls that looked worn out from being loved. He smiled while imagining little Violet playing with those. 
"What do you think?" Violet asked. 
Ashton visited many times, but this was the first time for him in Violet's room. The third floor of the packhouse was always reserved for the Blake family. Just being here was a big deal. 
"Why do you have so many books in here?" Ashton asked. He saw light novels, books on history, science, finances, and almost everything. It was like a library. 
"This is my room," Violet stated the fact. "I grew up with a bunch of brothers and friends who were invading every part of my life. This room was off-limits." 
"Why not store books in electronic form if you didn't want others to take them?" Ashton asked. 
"It's not about the books. It's about knowing that others won't touch my things. It's my piece of heaven." 
Ashton's brows came together. 
"What?" Violet asked. 
"This packhouse is so big that I never thought…" That she would consider only this room as hers, and everything else was shared. Normally, werewolves don't mind living in a group setting and sharing, but Alphas are different. They need to have something that's theirs, and Ashton was determined to give her just that – something that's theirs, Violet's and his. 
"What is your dream packhouse?" Ashton asked. 
Violet was taken aback by that question. "What do you mean?" 
"Since we will combine our packs, it doesn't seem fair that we stay in this packhouse or the other one. Let's make OUR packhouse." 
Violet gaped at him. She didn't want to live with Luna Michelle and Alpha Cristian, yet asking Ashton to move in here didn't sound right either. The idea of them building their own home was novel, and she liked it. 
"Are you sure?" 
Ashton nodded. "I want you to think about the number of rooms and their use. How many floors? I always wanted a swimming pool." 
Violet's eyes sparkled. They had a lake nearby, but a pool sounded great. She could imagine it... a hot tub, with Ashton. 
Before she could respond, there was a knock on the door. 
Violet walked there to open and see the triplets, Scarlet, Page, and Robin. 
"Can I help you?" 
The triplets craned their necks to see behind Violet. "We came to say hi to Ashton." 
"You can greet Alpha Ashton when we join others." Violet made sure to emphasize Ashton's title. 
Three brunettes were still trying to take a peek at Ashton when suddenly they froze. 
"OK. OK," Scarlet groaned. "We are leaving." 
"Make sure everyone knows that Ashton is my mate and their future Alpha. If anyone dares to get close or look at him for longer than a second, I will gouge their eyes out. Is that clear?" 
Violet retracted her Alpha aura, and the triplets quickly took a few steps back. 
Page rubbed her sweaty neck. Her face was pale like a sheet of paper. "Your power. It grew." 
And with that, the three sisters left. 
Violet smirked and turned to Ashton as she closed the door. "Did you hear that? My power grew." 
Violet blinked, and in the next moment, Ashton was in front of her. The only thing that indicated he moved was the wind that whipped around her. 
"You forgot to tell them that if anyone dares to look at me, I will take it as a challenge to my position as your mate and I will make them regret being alive," Ashton said and Violet smiled in approval. 
He touched the left side of her neck where his mark was. "Look at that. Beautiful." 
Violet's mouth opened as she sucked in a breath. "You like your mark?" 
"I love my mark on you, Vi. But I said that you are beautiful, not the mark." 
Violet's smile reached her eyes. "Keep telling me that I am beautiful, and I will tell you a secret." 
"Do I need to tell my Goddess how perfect she is?" 
"Sweet-talker." 
"Enough to hear the secret?" 
Violet got on her toes and whispered close to his ear, "I never had a man in my room. You are my first." 
Ashton's eyes darted to her bed. Was that why Damon was glaring at him like he might commit murder? Ashton thought it was just overprotective daddy-Damon. "Never?" 
"Why does it sound like you have someone on your mind?" 
Ashton shrugged while trying to conceal his uneasiness. There was someone. 
"Ash?" Violet raised her eyebrows, silently telling him she was expecting an answer. 
"You and Ethan were connected at the hips, so…" He didn't finish that, but he knew Violet understood. 
She wrapped her arms around his neck. "Ethan and I are close, but when we hung out, it was in the garden or the common room or on the training grounds. Not on the third floor and not in my room." 
Ashton felt like a knot of insecurities around his heart loosened. He always wondered about Ethan and Violet. If anyone asked Ashton during his five years of solitude if there was any man he was worried about, that would be only one - Ethan. 
It was not a secret that Violet thought she and Ethan would be mates, and part of Ashton wondered how far Violet would go to test When Ashton found out that Violet was his mate, one of his concerns was if he would ever be able to be better than Ethan. that. 
When Ashton found out that Violet was his mate, one of his concerns was if he would ever be able to be better than Ethan. Sure, Ashton was faster and stronger, and more skilled when compared to Ethan, but none of those changed the fact that Violet was annoyingly close with the young Alpha of the Blue River pack. Ashton imagined many times sneaking in wherever Ethan was and just killing him off. No one would know it was Ashton. He killed stealthily many rogues in their own dens without being noticed. 
"What are you thinking about?" Violet asked. She could feel that Ashton's emotions were unstable. 
"I am thinking how even before I knew you were my mate, I hated how you smiled at Ethan. And I hated more the way he looked at you." 
Violet blinked. "He is like a brother to me. I would never cross the line." 
"Unless you confirmed you were mates." 
"Oh, Ash. If another female ended up being your mate, you wouldn't be here with me. Don't think about those things because we are mates, and there is no one else. You are my first, and you will be my last." 
It was the same for him. "Sorry. I don't know what came over me." 
"It's the same thing that came over me when I thought about anyone other than me being on your mind. Our bond is fresh, and our wolves are strong and willful. My wolf urges me to claim you and protect what's mine." 
Ashton was glad that she understood how he felt.
###Chapter 1068 Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (9)
Chapter 1068  Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (9)
Ashton looked at Violet, and he didn't want to sound insecure, but he wanted her to know one thing. 
"I'm not saying that you would go to Ethan. But if he dares to get chummy with you…" Ashton ended with a deep growl full of warning that was charged with his Alpha aura. If this were anyone else, they would bow in submission, but this was Violet, and Ashton asserting his dominance turned her on. 
His nostrils flared when he picked up the scent of her arousal. They were horny for each other most of the time, but knowing she wanted him just as much, enhanced his confidence that they were meant to be together. 
"Ash," Violet called. 
"Yes, Vi?" 
"My bed never had a man on it. Do you want to be the first?" 
Ashton grinned. "And last." 
"That toOOOOOO!" Her last word became a shriek when Ashton picked her up in his arms. 
She knew where this was going, but the lust that came through their bond still caught her by surprise. 
Ashton put her on the bed and started tugging on her clothes. 
"Wait. Wait!" Violet cried. 
"What?" Why was she stopping him? 
"The door. Can you lock it? Just in case…" 
Before she could finish that thought, Ashton moved like the wind, locked the door, and he was back on top of her. 
"Where were we?" He asked. 
Violet smiled coyly. "My mate was about to claim me." 
Ashton's insides shook. She knew exactly what he was about to do, and she had no ions. It was more than that because she had the power to fight him for dominance, yet she wanted him to claim her. She was submitting to him willingly. Violet Blake was the perfect female. For him. Only for him. 
Ashton was never so happy. Or horny. 
… 
Officially, the party was supposed to start half an hour ago, but people were gathering for more than two hours. 
The high-ranking members of the Dark Howlers and the Midnight Guardians pack were in the event hall. Delegations from several other packs were there as well. The garden and the forest around the packhouse were filled with other pack members sitting on blankets, benches, and chairs they brought themselves. They had picnic tables, and some just sat on the grass and ate from plates they were holding. Several bonfires reached higher than the packhouse, and people danced around them. 
Everyone came with food and drinks, and they sat in cheery groups as laughter, singing, and the scent of grilled meat filled the air. Some were wearing fancy clothes, while others came in t-shirts and sweatpants like they just shifted from their wolf forms and were wearing the backup clothes their pack had in strategic locations. The whole mood was casual and festive, and Luna Michelle couldn't believe that they managed to organize all this in only two days. 
Luna Michelle and Talia were standing on the terrace overlooking the garden. They could see there were hundreds of people present, but since the forest obstructed her view, there was no way to estimate the number of attendees accurately. 
"I thought this would be a small party," Luna Michelle told Talia while looking around. 
"What's a small party?" Talia asked. 
"Fifty people? A hundred?" A hundred was a lot, in Luna Michelle's opinion. 
"We have more than a hundred only in the event hall. People are excited to celebrate their future Alpha finding her mate. I estimate several thousand people outside." And they were still coming. 
"Several thousand?" Luna Michelle's eyes were open in surprise. 
"You don't know Mindy. She is good as my Beta, but her secret talent is being a party organizer." 
Luna Michelle pursed her lips. This whole thing was on a different level than what they had at the Spring Leaf pack. Also, Luna Michelle didn't have her Beta. She had a few Omegas helping her manage the packhouse and matters related to the pack like ensuring everyone had shelter, food, and clothes, but that was it. Alpha Christian had his Beta, but they would deal with warriors and supplies, and not with things like parties. For that, she was on her Luna Michelle wanted to ask if Violet could take on such responsibility, but she guessed it would be disrespectful, so she own. 
"Will Vi have her Betas?" Luna Michelle asked. 
"Yes," Talia responded right away. "There is no way she could handle her duties otherwise. She will be the Alpha of the Dark Howlers and the Midnight Guardians pack and the head of the coalition. As such, she will have the responsibility to deal with matters related to witches, guardians, and humans, and then there are things like this one." Talia spread her arms, gesturing at the party. 
Luna Michelle wanted to ask if Violet could take on such responsibility, but she guessed it would be disrespectful, so she moved on to her next question. 
"Does she know who her Beta will be?" 
"It will be me." A voice came from the side. 
Talia smiled at Lavender. "Did Vi confirm it?" 
Lavender shrugged. "I am the best candidate. I know it, you know it, and if Vi doesn't know it, she is not as smart as I give her credit for." 
Luna Michelle's eyes flashed. "Is that the way to speak about your future Alpha?" 
Lavender raised her chin proudly. "A good Beta won't shy from speaking her mind. If I sit in the corner quietly and wait to be picked, noisemakers will get ahead of me." Lavender looked in the direction where Scarlet, Robin, and Page were. "I am the obvious choice." 
"Of course, you are, dear," Talia said dotingly. "Are Vi and Ash down yet?" 
Lavender shook her head. "Nope." 
Luna Michelle turned to Talia. "Should we call them down?" 
Talia refused. "We shouldn't disturb the newly mated couple." She was with Damon for two decades, and he would still blow a fuse when someone interrupted their lovey-dovey time. 
Luna Michelle thought this was unacceptable, but she couldn't speak openly in front of Talia, so she asked carefully, "Won't guests be upset if Vi and Ash come down late?" 
"Upset?" Talia asked. "Who would dare to say anything when Damon is in the house? Besides, they are getting free food and drinks, and look at them having fun without our kids around." 
Lavender nodded in agreement. "If Vi and Ash are not ready to mingle, they will be in a bad mood or just stick to each other, and we don't want any of those two." Lavender spotted her cousins from the Blue River pack arriving. "Excuse me, ladies." 
"Vi is lucky to have friends like that," Luna Michelle said. 
Talia agreed. "Yes, she is." 
"Can they be trusted with serious matters?" 
Talia smiled. "Their generation is full of talented individuals. They have a lot to learn, but they will figure it out eventually." 
Talia will never forget how empty the packhouse was when Damon brought her the first time. He didn't have many people to help him lead the pack, and he didn't trust anyone. She was happy that Violet had her brothers, cousins, and many friends, and Talia knew, without a doubt, that none of them were malicious. Sure, they had their quirks and issues, but that was typical for teenagers who were yet to find their place in society. 
Talia came to this packhouse as an insecure female who was not worthy of being an Omega, yet now everyone looked at her and Damon like they were in charge of everything. 
She was confident that Violet and her generation were on the right path. As long as they stick together, they will keep each other in check, and none of them will stray into the darkness. That was all it mattered.
###Chapter 1069: Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (10)
Chapter 1069: Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (10)
While spacing out from her conversation with Luna Michelle, Talia's eyes moved to the handsome man who was standing nearby with Alpha Christian, Commander George, and Beta Caden.        
Damon was in his late forties, yet he didn't have a single gray hair and his physique was impressive as ever. In less than a second, Damon's icy-blue eyes were directed at her. He could always sense when her attention was on him.    
'Yes, kitten?' Damon's deep voice sounded in Talia's mind, making her smile widen.    
'I was just thinking how lucky I am to have you.'    
He puffed his chest proudly. He didn't know why she said it, but it didn't matter. Talia praising him will never get old. 'The lucky one is me. Without you, none of this would be possible.'    
Damon meant it. Thanks to Talia, they had their family, friends, and allies. He remembered clearly the day when he brought the skinny she-wolf without her wolf to his packhouse. He knew Talia was his mate, but he had no idea how her presence would change his life - all for the better. Their story confirmed that the pack prospers when their Alpha devotes himself to his fated mate, the Luna of his pack.      
"Stop looking at your mate and greet your guests," Maddox grumbled from the side, and Damon sneered.    
"Don't tell me you are jealous that I would rather look at my mate than at you?"    
Maddox rolled his eyes, and then they hugged while patting their backs with more force than necessary. With Maddox and Damon, everything was competition. Even hugs.    
Talia shook her head at their banter and was relieved that Maddox didn't bring up the destroyed cottage. That would remind Damon who destroyed it and why, and it would probably cause more friction between Damon and Ashton.    
Talia turned to see that Luna Michelle was talking to Tatiana and Mindy.    
Talia greeted Tatiana and looked behind to see the River siblings trickling into the garden, but one was missing. "Is Ethan not with you?"    
"He is," Tatiana responded, and before she could say more, cries from inside were heard.    
Talia could feel the disturbance, and she quickly scanned the surroundings to check for her kids. Jacob, Logan, Zeke, and Gabriel were all in the garden with their friends. Other than her kids, who would dare to cause a commotion in the packhouse of the Dark Howlers pack?    
She rushed inside to see what was going on.    
Talia paused at the sight of Ethan on the ground with his face bloodied and Ashton standing in front of him. Ashton's red fist was proof of what happened, but why…? Talia looked at Violet, who stood behind Ashton with her face etched in worry and uncertainty.    
"Travis!" Damon called, and the good doctor was beside his Alpha in a second.    
Olivia, Travis's mate, was two steps behind in the crowd that gathered to see what was happening there.    
"Yes, Alpha?" Travis asked.    
"There is a patient for you to check."    
Travis moved swiftly, and Ethan hissed but didn't push the doctor away.    
A few seconds later, Travis spoke to Damon. "Young Alpha Ethan's nose looks broken, and he should get his bones set properly before they start healing."    
"Jacob," Damon called. "Help Doctor Travis take young Alpha Ethan to the pack hospital."    
"I am fine," Ethan squeezed through his teeth while glaring at Ashton.    
"I know you are," Damon said. "But Doctor said your nose is broken, and I'm sure you don't want it to heal like that. This is not negotiable."    
Maddox and Tatiana stood on the side. They wanted to go to him, but Ethan was a grownup now, and if they babied him, it would make him appear weak.        
Maddox turned to Ashton. "I hope there is an explanation for this."    
"He was touching my mate," Ashton said icily, and now Damon was glaring at Ethan also.    
Ethan was leaving with Jacob, Doctor Travis, and Olivia, so Damon turned to Violet. "He was touching you?"    
"That was not…" Violet puffed her cheeks. "It was a misunderstanding."    
Ethan saw Violet and Ashton coming down the stairs, and he rushed to hug Violet – as always. They didn't see each other often because Ethan was studying in a college with humans, and he visited last time more than six months ago.    
Ethan was about to greet Violet, how they usually would, but instead of Violet's hug, Ethan was greeted with Ashton's wrath.    
Violet never saw that side of Ashton. His energies were hostile and prickly, and it was difficult to breathe even for her. She was surprised to see how easily Ashton suppressed Ethan. Ethan just froze with his mouth agape as Ashton hit him. Thrice.    
"Alright!" Damon didn't shout loudly, but everyone flinched. "Youngsters had a spat. We all know that newly mated couples are territorial. This is not something for us grown-ups to meddle with."    
The crowd quickly dispersed, leaving Ashton, Violet, and three sets of parents.    
"Are you alright?" Talia asked as her eyes moved from Violet to Ashton.    
Ashton turned to Violet. He was still charged up and irritable, and he was also concerned about how Violet would react. What if she scolds him and defends Ethan?    
Violet frowned at Ashton. "You shouldn't hit my friends."    
"He is not a friend," Ashton said with more fierceness than he intended, but that was his wolf talking. "He is a male with affection for you. You accepting him is…"    
"Not happening," Damon interjected and turned to Violet. "Vi. What is your wolf saying?"    
"My wolf?"    
"Sweetie," Talia called. "I know we taught you to use your head and follow your heart, but when it comes to your mate, you should listen to your wolf. They don't share."    
'You tell her!' Liseli hissed in Talia's mind.    
"Ethan is my friend. Are you saying I can't have friends because I have a mate?"    
Talia nodded in acknowledgment of Violet's words. "I hear you, but if you want to remain friends with unmated males, there must be a boundary between them and you. If you don't do that, you will hurt your mate. Do you remember the main rule about dealing with conflict?"    
"Put myself in the other person's shoes," Violet said, and she sucked in a sharp breath. If that were a female going for Ashton, Violet would blow up everything.    
She threw herself at Ashton and hugged him tightly. "I'm sorry, Ash. It won't happen again. I will tell Ethan to stay away."    
Ashton released a long breath, relieved that she was not angry at him. He put his arms around her awkwardly.    
Violet looked up at Ashton. "Are you blaming me? What can I do to fix it?"    
"Why do you think I'm blaming you?"      
"Why are you not hugging me properly?"        
"Because I have blood on my hands, and you told me that was your favorite dress."    
Violet's eyes flashed in understanding. "OK. Let's go so you wash your hands, and then you can hug me."    
Talia leaned on Damon and smiled. Damon was never fond of Ashton, and it got worse after he found out that Ashton and Violet were mates. However, now Talia sensed Damon's approval of the young Alpha. Was it because of Ashton's vicious attack on Ethan?    
###Chapter 1070: Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (11)
Chapter 1070: Alpha Violet and Alpha Ashton (11)
"Will young Alpha Ethan hold grudges?" Luna Michelle asked.         
She knew that Ashton was fighting rogues, but this was the first time for her to see in person Ashton drawing blood. She was distraught, but Alpha Cristian warned her to not cause a scene.    
"If he doesn't hold grudges, he wouldn't be a man," Maddox responded.    
"What should we do?" Luna Michelle asked.    
"Nothing," Alpha Cristian responded before anyone else could. "I know this is your son, and you are worried…"    
"Ash is your son also!" Luna Michelle said.    
Alpha Cristian shook his head. "Ash is the future Alpha. He is an adult, and he will deal with the consequences of his actions, no matter what they are." He held onto her shoulders and looked at her seriously. "Mica, your behavior is hurting him. Do you not see his position?"    
"What position?"    
"Ash is Violet's mate. As such, he will be the Alpha of the Dark Howlers pack and the Midnight Guardians pack and at the head of the coalition. This is way beyond the Spring Leaf pack. Do you think Luna Tatiana didn't want to go to Ethan to check on his injuries? Do you think it was easy for her to stand on the side while her son was bleeding? Do you think Alpha Maddox was happy to see his son on the floor? But they did that because they were putting Ethan first."    
Luna Michelle looked around to realize it was only her and Alpha Cristian in the hallway. Everyone else left. When did that happen? But it meant she could talk to her mate.    
"How is that putting him first when they showed no concern for his wellbeing?"    
"They were putting his future first. If people saw a mother running to her adult son, or his father getting vengeance in his stead, they would see Ethan as weak. For us, our image is half of the battle. Babying Ash and doubting him openly makes others think he is weak."    
"I am not doubting him, but…" She sighed in defeat. "I already did the damage, didn't I? How can I fix it?"    
"Don't. Just give him space. If any fixing is to happen, it needs to happen on their terms."    
"Their?"    
"Ash and Vi, Mica. They are together now as one. We need to step back and give them space. It will be hard, but it's the only thing we can do unless you want Ash to push us away."     
Alpha Cristian hoped that his mate would understand that this was hard on him, and she won't think of him as the bad guy.    
Ever since the incident with Arya, Alpha Cristian felt guilty because part of him feared he failed as a mate. He didn't cheat or abuse Luna Michelle, but he allowed an unmated female to get too close, and he didn't see how much that hurt Luna Michelle. She told him that she disapproved of the attention he gave to Arya. Still, he would brush it off with arguments that Arya was a child, an orphan who didn't have anyone else, and he would repeat that until Luna Michelle lowered her head and accepted her fate. As a way of coping with Alpha Cristian's absence, Luna Michelle got attached to their son.    
It was a messed up situation, and Alpha Cristian should have got the hint when Luna Michelle said she didn't want more kids. He didn't see it then, but later he understood that she didn't want more kids with HIM.    
After Arya recognized Keith as her mate, Alpha Cristian turned to Luna Michelle, only to see that she was emotionally detached. She poured everything she had in Ashton.    
Alpha Cristian went above and beyond to convey how sorry he was for neglecting her needs. He failed to assure her she was his priority, and those wounds still didn't heal. In the last five years, Luna Michelle would fervently wait for Ashton's call, and the only joy she showed was when there was news of Ashton.    
Now that Luna Michelle had to let go of Ashton, will her attention return to Alpha Cristian? Will she like what she sees? What if it was too late? What if she leaves him? Where would she go?    
Alpha Cristian knew Luna Michelle had nowhere to go, and part of him feared that was the only reason she had stayed with him so far. He would catch her often staring into the distance with a dreamy smile on her face which faded when she turned to see him there. It made him wonder if she was thinking about Ashton, or about some other man, or about the time when their relationship was fresh, and they had no Ashton, no Arya, and it was just the two of them.    
Alpha Cristian was aware that his pack was mediocre, so he put his efforts into not falling behind impressive youngsters like Alpha Damon and Alpha Maddox. At the same time, he failed his mate completely. Was there a way to turn the clock and start over?    
…    
Ashton and Violet appeared at the party half an hour later, and based on the blush on Violet's cheeks, and the size of Ashton's grin, no one was wondering why washing hands took so long.        
There was a table set on a small podium with six chairs. On the far left were Alpha Cristian and Luna Michelle, on the far right were Damon and Talia, and the two chairs in the middle were empty. Violet tugged Ashton's hand in that direction. Those two spots in the center were for them.    
Normally, the main people of the party would be inside the event hall, with high-ranking members of their society, but the Dark Howlers pack prioritized their pack members. Damon never liked rubbing shoulders with Elders and Alphas of other packs. If they wanted to socialize with him, they could join him in the garden.    
"Everyone will be watching," Ashton grumbled while walking to the podium with Violet.    
"Is that a problem?"    
He spent five years not attracting attention, and also… "I don't want people looking at you and getting funny ideas."    
Violet giggled and snuggled closer to him. "I'm sure you can take care of those. But this is only for the meal. Once we are done with food, we can mingle."    
Ashton leaned to speak close to her ear, "The only one I want to mingle with is you." He nipped her ear, and she shrieked.    
"Ash! Behave!"    
Ashton grinned and tightened his hold on her.    
Talia ate food that Damon was feeding her, and she smiled in approval as she watched Ashton pulling a chair for Violet, and then he got busy piling food on her plate. Ashton was looking only at Violet, and Talia had a feeling those two would be just fine. Better than fine.    
Talia turned to Damon.    
He cocked an eyebrow at her. "What?"    
Talia stuffed a forkful of food in his mouth, and then she cupped his cheeks and gave him a smacking kiss on the greasy lips. She lingered there to lick him clean.    
"Life is good," Talia said and gave him eye signals to continue feeding her.    
Damon was delighted that Talia was in a good mood and affectionate, and he hoped this would last forever.    
###Chapter 1071: Alpha Valeria and...?
Chapter 1071: Alpha Valeria and...?
Violet basked in Ashton's attention, and she looked around.        
"Is everyone who matters here?" Violet asked no one in particular.    
"I believe so," Talia responded without removing her eyes from Damon, who was feeding her.    
"I don't see uncle Axel and aunt Yasmin."    
"They said they will come, but with the time difference, it's hard to say when. You know how they are. They might come in the morning or next week depending on how much time Yasmin takes to style her hair."    
Violet didn't respond. She didn't care about Axel and Yasmin in particular, but she wanted to see if Valeria and Edgar will come. For Violet, it was only two days since they left the Midnight Guardians pack, but Valeria had two months to think about accepting her fate as not the Alpha of the Midnight Guardians pack.    
Violet snapped out of her thoughts when she saw a piece of perfectly grilled meat hovering on a fork in front of her face. It was Ashton feeding her, and she liked it very much.    
Violet grabbed another fork and poked a piece of meat for Ashton.    
"Together," she said, and they opened their mouths at the same time to accept each other's offerings.    
Ashton chewed with gusto. This was an indication to everyone that they would treat each other as equals, and he wouldn't want it any other way.    
People on the right stirred, and Violet looked that way to see Axel and Yasmin at the door, making their way into the garden. The row of people behind them were Moonrider kids, with the oldest ones first.    
And it was not just them, but Meg, Kai, Tyler, Sandy, and many other ranked members from the Midnight Guardians pack. They were spilling into the garden and filling up any available spots.    
Regular pack members came earlier, but the ranked ones waited to accompany Axel and Yasmin; they were just proxies, but Talia insisted they should be treated with the respect a real Alpha and Luna would have.    
Violet kept an eye on the female behind Yasmin.    
"Don't," Ashton said to Violet.    
"What?"    
"I want your attention to me."    
"You have it."    
"It didn't look like it."    
"I am perfectly capable of multitasking," Violet said in her defense.    
"Then make all your tasks about me," Ashton responded with a straight face.    
Violet's shoulders shook, and then she burst into laughter. She couldn't believe he was so cheeky. And handsome. And hers.    
Valeria plastered a smile on her face and kept walking after her parents. They went to greet their hosts first.    
"We won't take too much of your time, as we already congratulated the newly mated couple," Axel said.    
"Don't worry about formalities," Talia said. "We are family." She glanced to the side and saw that Zina was already instructing Omegas to set up a table for the Moonrider family. Grown-ups and teens should have their places. The little ones can run around with other kids in their designated area where they had kid-friendly food and drinks and several responsible grownups watching them.    
Talia gestured to Zina and spoke to Axel and Yasmin, "Enjoy food and drinks, and we will catch up later. We have a double-Alpha ceremony to plan."        
"Without us?" Violet asked.    
Talia shook her head. "Some things need to happen even if you don't like it. We expect you will give us a rough timeline for when you will step up as the Alpha. Shaman Gideon will calculate the best day for the ceremony."    
"What's the rush?" Violet asked.    
"We are not going to make you rush into this, but Ash is of age and overdue to take his role as the Alpha, and our people are eager to see you step up. Now that you found your mate, there is nothing to hold you back."    
Violet suspected there was more to it, but she didn't want to ask for clarification in front of people. She will talk to her mother. Later.    
Valeria sat at the table with her parents and Edgar.    
"You can at least pretend you are happy," Edgar said in a low voice to Valeria.    
Edgar pushed a plate with food in front of her. "Eat, Val. I recommend that you come up with an amazing toast for our cousin, or people will think you don't approve of Vi having a mate or you don't approve of her being our Alpha. Either of those will paint you in a bad light."    
Valeria rolled her eyes. Edgar was off. Well, mostly off.    
Valeria was bitter that Violet humiliated her the last time they met in front of the whole pack, and now Valeria needed to show up cheerful like the incident didn't happen.     
She understood the hierarchy and the consequences of defying it, but she felt wronged and bullied, and everyone telling her to suck it up was not helping. Damn it! It's not like she had anything else to do. It was about studying and training, and she was great at both, but they came with a bitter aftertaste at the thought that it was all done so she could be Violet's second.     
The pinnacle of Valeria's existence would be the role of Violet's proxy, or maybe Violet's Beta in the Midnight Guardians pack, and both of those meant that Violet was above her. It was like the whole life she was in Violet's shadow, and it was suffocating.    
Valeria was pushing the meat on her plate, and it looked delicious, but she didn't feel like it.    
There was only one thing she would eat no matter what.    
Valeria checked her purse and frowned when she saw she had run out.    
She nudged Edgar. "Give me some dried apricots." Those were his favorite snacks also.    
Edgar cocked an eyebrow at her. "What makes you think I have them on me?"    
Valeria scrunched her nose. "If it's not you, why do I smell them?"    
Edgar sniffed the air. "I can smell many things, but apricots are not one of them." Everything smelled of grilled meat, but now that she mentioned it, he could pick up a faint scent of apricots also. Did he imagine it? Or was he sensing Valeria's craving through their twin bond?     
"Let me go and check."    
Edgar stood up and walked away in search of apricots. He was going to check the grills and tables where side dishes were served. If there were none at the party, they should have some in the kitchen.    
Edgar totally missed that his sister was frozen when he left the table.    
Axel's brows came together in concern when he saw that Valeria was not moving. "Val, sweetie, are you feeling unwell?"    
She didn't answer.    
"Yasmin," Axel called. "Something is wrong with Val."        
Yasmin's lips stretched into a smile. "There is nothing wrong, Axel." She put her hand over her mouth when she realized where Valeria was looking. Or, to be more precise, at WHOM she was looking.    
Valeria stood up in slow motion and walked through the people toward the door and the striking young man standing frozen on the terrace and staring back at her.    
"Oh, no!" Axel shouted while clutching his chest. That was his firstborn, and she was about to leave the nest!    
Due to Valeria's high position, Axel assumed that her mate would come to live with them, but considering the identity of her mate, maybe she would go with him.    
###Chapter 1072: The Journey Ahead
Chapter 1072: The Journey Ahead
"Yasmin," Axel called breathily. "Do something!"        
"What do you want me to do?" Yasmin asked incredulously. Was he implying that she should prevent the mate bond from falling into place? "We can't go against nature. No matter what it is, we need to embrace it, or we will suffer a backlash."    
On the terrace...    
Valeria stopped walking when she was only one step away from her target. He had gauze covering most of his face, but to her, he was the most handsome guy ever.    
"Hi," she said.    
"Hi," he returned the greeting, hating that his voice was nasal. It was not manly.    
There was no need for introductions because Valeria and Ethan had known each other since they were little.    
Valeria reached to touch his face, and they both jolted when sparks of their bond flared.    
"My mate," Valeria said, more to herself, like she was confirming this was real.    
Ethan stared at her stupidly. Blondes were his type, and he knew Valeria was pretty, but he never realized how beautiful she was. When was the last time he saw her? A year ago? She was breathtaking.    
Valeria inched closer, and Ethan moved toward her, and when their lips connected, they both recoiled, and they hugged each other so the kiss wouldn't break. Ethan and Valeria didn't notice claps and cheers all around them. It was just the two of them.    
Ethan was surprised at the way Valeria clung to him. She tasted of hazelnut dipped into smooth milk chocolate, and he couldn't wait to lick her all over. And he will do much more than licking!    
Valeria gasped when Ethan's tongue made its way into her mouth. She was never so deliciously invaded before, and this Alpha tasted of apricots; the sweetest kind.    
Violet stared at Ethan and Valeria, who kissed like no one was watching, and she rubbed her eyes. "Ash? Do you see what I'm seeing?"    
"I see you. What do you see?"    
Violet turned to Ashton. "Seriously. There." She didn't want to call out names aloud, so she gave eye signals.    
"I see nothing worth mentioning."    
Violet was about to snap at him, but then she looked at the terrace, and Ethan and Valeria were not there anymore. Where did they go? Oh! They went to have sex! Considering the forest was full of people, they probably went to one of the guest bedrooms.    
Violet was unsure about the extent of Ethan's history with women, but it will be Valeria's first time, and Ethan should make it special or risk spoiling it completely. On the other hand, Ethan was quite blunt when it came to females, so the chances of him messing up were big.    
Once, when Violet complained about how Ethan was rude to girls, Talia mentioned that uncle Max was such a klutz that he nearly caused aunt Tanya to reject him and that it wouldn't be strange if Ethan followed his father's footsteps. To Violet's dismay, she never got the details of that incident, so she was unsure what Talia meant by that comment.    
"Love?" Ashton murmured close to Violet's ear. "Do you want more food, or should we dance?"    
Dancing with Ashton was what she needed because she didn't want to imagine Ethan and Valeria getting frisky.    
Talia glanced at Michelle and Cristian to see they were focused on their plates. Something was off about the mood between them, and Talia was unsure if that was related to Ashton and Violet or something else. In any case, she was never the one to meddle. If they came to her for help or advice, she would do what she could gladly but without imposing.    
Talia looked at the crowd to see many friendly faces, all enjoying at this gathering.    
Maya and Caden, Keith and Arya, Dawn and George, Gideon and Mindy, Kai and Meg, Sandy and Tyler, Travis and Olivia... Wilkow sisters, Tatiana, Kalina, Daria, Lidia, and Varya, were with their mates, Maddox, Tony, Pierce, Jordan, and Grady. And there were also Axel and Yasmin, Zina and Owen, Dawn and George, Caleb and Trisha, Liam and Amelia, Cornelia and James, Petra and Zack, and many other happy faces wherever Talia looked.    
Damon's arm moved around Talia's shoulders and pulled her to lean on him.        
'When are we going to announce our departure?' Damon asked through their mind link.    
'Not tonight,' Talia responded and looked dreamily at Violet and Ashton, who were slowly dancing beside the bonfire, surrounded by friends and pack members. They had so many promising youngsters present tonight, and Talia knew that Ethan and Valeria recognizing each other as mates was a big deal.    
It might take time, but Valeria will find her place in this world and be Violet's trusted ally. Considering what was to come, Violet would need all the help she could get.    
'I don't want Vi and Ash to accept their roles under the weight of deadlines,' Talia said. 'After they take over as Alphas, we can tell them we are leaving. Until then, we will teach them everything they should know.'    
'What if Vi asks us to stay?'    
'She is a big girl,' Talia responded. 'She knows that the two of us going to search for my grandparents is important. It will help us understand the connections between realms and hybrids. Unless we find out from where and how they are coming here, we will never win.'    
They also hoped to find a way for Sapa and Liseli to be together without depending on Damon and Talia. An ancient scroll found in the archives of the Silver Flame Coven spoke about creatures that were versed in magic and communicating with spirits, and Talia believed they might have some hints on how to create bodies for two old wolves.    
'Vi will understand. I am the only one who can move without portals.'    
'That we know of,' Damon reminded Talia. If their assumptions were correct, and hybrids were coming from another realm freely, someone else could cross the barriers without portals, which was dangerous.    
Even after all this time, Talia could sense a connection to her grandparents, who left many years ago in search of Valerian. It was faint, and Talia had a feeling they were in another realm and that it was all related to hybrids. Somehow.    
It was a journey full of uncertainty, and Talia knew that other than Damon and her, no one else could do it. If they failed, their friends and family would be in serious trouble.    
However, that was a story for some other time…      
-- THE END --    
---    
Woah! It's the end.    
I want to thank everyone who followed Damon and Talia through this epic journey with their friends and family. Their story is over, and I will miss them.    
I am humbled by the support this novel received so far.    
This novel is published on the NovelFire platform (that's -> w e b n o v e l <-), and if you are reading it elsewhere, you are supporting people who stole my work.    
If you didn't leave a review so far, please, do so – on the WebNovel platform.    
Give this novel another read to see if you will spot the breadcrumbs you missed the first time.    
At what point did you realize that Stephanie was not who she pretended to be?    
Did you believe that Lulu was a traitor before she gave her life to save her Luna?    
How do you feel about Lisa? And what about Marcy?    
What were your biggest "I didn't see that coming!" moments?    
I hope you enjoyed reading this novel because I enjoyed writing it. The highlight of my days was reading your comments and reviews, and I will definitely miss that.        
Check out my other novels on the WebNovel platform and find me on social media (links are in the aux chapter at the beginning of this book) to see where my other ongoing novels are published - daily releases!    
Thank you for supporting my work!    
