Read Untouchable (The Moonlight Avatar Series Collection) Novel
“N-no! It’s not like that!” I pleaded, tears swimming down my face. “I don’t want this! You have to believe me, please!”
His large hand violently grabbed my throat, lifting me off the ground effortlessly. His fingers trembled with every squeeze, tightening the airways vital for my life.
I coughed; choked as his anger burned through my pores and incinerated me internally. The amount of hate Neron holds for me is strong, and I knew there was no getting out of this alive.
“As if I’ll believe a murderer!” Neron’s voice is shrill against my ears.
“I, Neron Malachi Prince, the Alpha of the Zircon Moon Pack, reject you, Halima Zira Lane, as my mate and Luna.” He tossed me onto the ground like a piece of trash, leaving me gasping for air. He then grabbed something off the ground, turned me over and slashed me.
Slashed over my Pack Mark. With a knife.
“And I, hereby, sentence you to death.”
Cast aside within her own pack, a young werewolf’s howl is silenced by the crushing weight and wills of the wolves who would see her suffer. After Halima is falsely accused of murder within the Zircon Moon pack, her life crumbles into the ash of slavery, cruelty, and ab*se. It is only after the true strength of a wolf is found within can she ever hope to escape the horrors of her past and move forward…
After years of struggle and healing, Halima the survivor finds herself once again at odds with the former pack who once marked her death. An alliance is sought between her one-time captors and the family she’s found in the Garnet Moon pack. The idea of growing peace where poison lies is of little promise to the woman now known as Kiya. As the rising din of resentment begins to overwhelm her, Kiya finds herself with a single choice. In order for her festering wounds to truly heal, she must actually face her past before it devours Kiya like it did Halima. In the growing shadows, a path to forgiveness seems to wash in and out. For after all, there is no denying the power of the full moon–and for Kiya perhaps the call of darkness may prove to be just as unyielding…
This book is suited for adult readers, as the subject matter addresses sensitive topics including: suicidal thoughts or actions, ab*se, and trauma that may trigger severe reactions. Please be advised.