###Chapter 1
"Mamma...."
She shivers as the cold water dances around her skin. But it does not compare to the coldness that sh "Mamma?"
coming from her mother's stiff embrace.
She is asleep, she must be asleep. This is the thought of the child. But it perplexes. her because she w ove, she won't talk and she won't k*ss or hug her. So it is the child's thought that she must be asleep but...how does someone sleep with their eyes open? Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Time passes. For the child, it seems like hours but it has only been less than one. "Mama, time to wek up." Her little voice could warm anyone who hears it but there is no one around to her, at least not anyone alive. Her voice drowns with the roar of the violent river that threatens to take the child if the child should move further in. The girl's tiny finger caresses her mother's lips.
"Bue." she says. "Pitty."
Blue and pretty is what she meant but there is no one there to correct the three-year-old.
The tiny thing shivers.
"Cold, mama. It shcold."
Her b*dy's instincts kick in and her legs lead her out of the river's edge, tumbling through the river ro
t to a child seem massive and painful on her little bare feet.
The girl looks back at her mother with worry that she will drift through the river as they had been doing but this time without her. However, she sees that the leather belt on her mother's wrist is tightly tied around the branch of the log that her mother so swiftly tied before they went on this adventure, as her mother so frantically called it when the fireworks start e log is well lodged at the side of the river so the mother should be safe, right?
The little girl's eyes start to feel heavy and now she is not even feeling the cold,
in fact, she can barely feel anything anymore. She can't even feel the searing burn on her chest that w What comes next is a haze.
"What...Oh..."
A young woman approaches. It is someone the child does not recognize.
"Oh my, goddess!"
There is suddenly a warm embrace for the child.
re before. She clutches the necklace her mother gave her before they went on their journey. A necklace with letters that she is too young to read.
The young woman watches the child slide into sleep but her eyes are captured by the necklace in the child's tiny little hand.
"C-Casseopea?" the young woman whispers and looks at the child. "How did this little thing end up here?"
I stare at the moon while I stand here n*ked. Not out of my own will. It is a bright full moon. I should be in the forest, running, but again I am punished instead.
Another burning sting goes through my back as the whip comes down at me again. I hiss but I do not scream for I am used to this pain..
"That's enough." One of the guards says.
Here I am at twenty-three, and I have not learned my lesson they say. But what lesson is that? That I should stay quiet and accept insults, ridicule, and take abuse quietly? Never. I will never just take it. Let them whip me and punish me, I will not go quietly. When the guards unshackle me from the poll I was chained to, I fall to my knees. not having the strength to keep myself up.
"Let's go." They grab me by the arms and pull me up, between both of them, they carry me.
As my eyes begin to close, I see them taking me to the forest trail.
They'll probably drop me off at home like they always do.
I am in and out of consciousness as I try to hold on to my vision. When finally I see my sister, I let myself go and drift into sweet rest.
Flashback "Give it back!" I screech.
"You can't be a weakling all of your life, Cass. Try to get it from me!"
"Colt! Give it back!"
"That should be Alpha Colt to you." Kayce says.
"He is thirteen! He is not Alpha! Give it back!" I try to jump but my little legs and arms can only reach so high and Colt dangles my raggy doll further up though. he really doesn't have to since he is much bigger than I am. "But he will be, so you should give him some respect." Kayce replies.
"No! Give me my doll back!"
"Say please." Colt says and gives a big smile.
I stop and look at him. His stupid smile suddenly enrages me. I pull my arm back and then swing it up his nose, punching him.
He immediately holds his nose and recoils back.
The other two gasp and then I am thrown on the ground and stomped on.
"Who the hell do ground.
you think you are!" They shout as they kick me on the muddy
"Hey! Don't hit her! She's a little girl." Colt shouts.
"So?! She punched you! She can't do that and she is the Runt of the pack!" Ezra says.
Kaecy nods. "Yeah! No one likes her anyway! And this is what mom and dad. would do to someone like her."
"I don't care." Colt says. "It's not like it hurt that much."
"Dude, you are bleeding." Ezra points to his nose.
"It's fine." He throws the doll at me. "Here, you can have it back."
I look up with watery eyes but before I can clutch my doll, Ezra grabs it. "Waaa, she's going to go cry! Hahaha!"
Kayce laughs.
"Give it..." I say trying to hold in my cry.
"How about this? Kiss my feet, and I will give it back to you, Cassiopeia..." Ezra says but then mutters. "...what an ugly name....her mom must have been nuts when she named her."
"Grrr!" My hands turn into fists and I don't even think now. Getting up, I hurdle myself towards him and take him down. His stu pid laugh is gone as I punch him over and over. He covers himself with his arms so I am not doing much damage but I feel satisfied, especially since everyone is seeing me kick one of the Alpha's son's asses.
These three brothers are bullies and if the other two younger ones weren't so little, I am sure they would be here right now too trying to mess with me.
"Cass...
Stupid Alpha kids!
"CASS!"
"What?!" I say with a jittery jump coming back to the real world.
"What are you doing?" Lauren asks.
"Uhm..." I look around the field of vegetables. "Oh... sorry. I spaced out."
"Well don't. We have to finish this before the festival tonight."
Da n! I spaced out. And why the hell was I thinking of that?
Looking at my nearly empty basket, I speed up as I collect some of the tomatoes.
I probably was thinking of that because of the festival. It is in his honor after all.
I was eight back then and was separated from Ezra by the Alpha himself. Needless to say, I got punished. I always get punished. I can't control my temper but I try. I have to because even though I am the one being bullied, I am still the one who gets in trouble. I wiggle my shoulders as I feel the soreness on my back.
"How is that feeling for you?" she asks.
"Just like getting whipped."
She narrows her eyes at me.
"It's better. Healing pretty fast like always."
She sighs. "I know there is no use to say this but I'll say it again, try to stay out of trouble. I always worry that they will not bring you back like they did yesterday."
"I'll be fine. I'm looking to make it a career out of getting whipped."
She looks at me with that serious stare of hers. "Did I ever tell you that you are not funny?" She takes in a deep breath and shakes her head. "You need to keep that temper of yours under control."
I nod.
It didn't use to be like this. After I got my wolf when I turned eighteen, things changed in me. I have to control my anger now or I lose it. And even though the punishments have gotten worse, I still don't learn my lesson. Most members who have gone through bullying like me tend to keep their mouths shut and lay low. Act like wounded animals. I can't. I will never be the broken shy little girl everyone wants me to be who they can boss around and do what they like with. I rather take the beating that comes with standing up for myself. But I have had to learn to control my anger and the way I react. Not an easy thing to do but it minimizes the punishment.
"Look! They are back!" One of the other worker she-wolves says.
Many are excited to see the young warriors return but I am not one of them.
Putting a hand on my chocolate color unruly curly hair that flies everywhere, I look at the cars and vans that arrive in the distance.
I feel a hand on my shoulder. "I know this is going to be hard for you but please, control yourself. I am sorry that I even have to say that. I know it's not your fault but-"
"I know, Lauren. I know."
She gives me a small sad and apologetic smile.
My poor sister is afraid for me. I seem to have made a name for myself as the troublemaker of the pack and unfortunately, she sometimes has to deal with the consequences.
I am an angry soul. This is how I turned out throughout the years in this pack. It am only content and happy when I am alone.
Taking a deep breath, I go back to my task.
There are many jobs in a pack. I am a field worker, that is my job. We till the fields and tend tothe crops. As for my status, I am a Runt. The lowest anyone can be. I do not excel in much other than having a fighting spirit.
My attention goes back to the vans and the warriors that just arrived. I see people. gathering around to greet them.
These are men who have been out for months at the fort camps. A territory that is away from the pack. This is where they train the young pack members when they turn eighteen and they spend years there. Omegas and the Runts like myself are not allowed to join. We are what they call a liability because we are weak. To the ones in charge, we are suited for the lesser jobs around the pack.
"Ignore it. Let's just finish here." Lauren says.
I nod and do as she says.
When our baskets are full, we head to the kitchen to hand the vegetables to the cooking staff.
pat my clothes trying to rid them of dirt. I have a white shirt on with a knee-high dress jumper in a khaki color that honestly looks more like a potato sack to me. It was a hammy down from one of Lauren's friends. Walking towards the kitchen, we can see the courtyard where rogue prisoners are on display.
I stop and look at them. They have wounds with fresh blood. It is t*****e If they fall asleep, they get whipped..
Even though they are rogues and most people in the pack hate them, I feel sympathy for them. We Omegas are not treated any better. We are met with harsh punishments if we step out of line.
"I am hot, are you hot?" Lauren suddenly asks.
I shake my head. "No."
"Maybe I'm horny." she says.
I gasp. "Lauren! Stop! I don't need to know that!"
She laughs. "You are going to have to stay away from the house when James gets back."
"Gladly!" I shout at her as she continues to laugh.
Lauren is good at telling me to control my anger as if it was that easy but she can't control her own tongue! This woman and her shameless mouth!
###Chapter 2
I follow Lauren with the basket filled with tomatoes in my hand.
"What a beauty! These look so ripe and perfect!" Matilda-the older lady who is in charge of the kitchen-says as she takes my basket. "You have all done such wonderful jobs growing and tending to these!" Lauren gives her a prideful smile.
Suddenly, the Luna walks into the kitchen.
We all slip back into rows and lower our heads. She starts to slowly walk around the kitchen looking at everything the cooks have been preparing. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Matilda, no leek soup tonight. I am tired of it. Make something else." She says. "Yes, Luna." Matilda replies, lowering her head.
I take a peek and see two huge pots that contain this soup. This means that they will throw most of it out and have to spend hours making up for all that work. My eyes land on the Luna.
In most packs, the Alpha is a symbol of strength and command while the Luna is a symbol of kindness and nurturing. But not this Luna.
She is hard on us and just as ruthless as the Alpha. However, the Luna is the one. that deals with the pack while the Alpha deals with the war. This means that she is the one who oversees all our punishments. All of my punishments have been because of her. To her, her children can do no wrong. Everyone else is the villain. in her eyes. She has no compassion for anyone else.
The memory comes back and it is just as fresh as the day it happened. Just like this morning in the field.
After my fight with Colt, Kayce, and Ezra, all I can remember is her.
The sound of the whip hitting my flesh is what has stuck with me the most. Even more than the pain I felt as the whip made contact with my skin.
I remember the Luna'standing on the sidelines with a pack member holding an umbrella over her as rain poured down and a glass of wine in her hand, watching what was being done to me on her command and her "angelic" children nowhere to be found. It was the first time I had been whipped. I was just eight.
I screamed for the torment to stop but it felt like the end would never come.
My eyes threaten to water as the memory surges. I am distracted by this until the Luna stops in front of me. I look up at her and her look of contempt makes me want to lower my eyes but I don't.
She hates me because I am not compliant like everyone else is. I challenge her just by the way I look at her even now while everyone else has their eyes cast down out of fear.
She leans in. "Cause any trouble tonight, I will strike you myself."
I stay quiet as she backs away and leaves the kitchen. Suddenly, everyone can breathe.
"Damn. Back to the drawing board." Matilda says to her cooks.
"We'll take some of it so it doesn't go to waste." Lauren says. "And I am sure others will take some too. I'll send them your way."
"Perfect!" Matilda cheers.
As they talk, a sharp pain stabs at my heart so suddenly.
"Uh!"
I hold my chest but try to act normal around the others. I walk to a corner where no one can see me and I rest on a wall.
"I can't believe he is already at it." I whisper. "Mother fucker! I hate him!"
The pain is like a knife stabbing my heart. As if it wanted to burst. On earlier days I would scream at the top of my lungs but I am used to the pain now though it doesn't make it any better. I take in deep breaths and WILL myself to walk out. I force myself to act normal.
"Can we go back home now?" I ask Lauren.
"Are you okay?" she asks, seeing my teary eyes.
"Same as always."
She knows what I am talking about. She is the only one who knows.
She closes her eyes and nods. "Yes. Let's go home. Help me with this."
She hands me a huge bag with bowls in it filled with leek soup.
"I think she overdid it." I mutter as we walk out.
Lauren laughs. "You and James will eat this in no time."
I smile because she just might be right.
We walk the dirt road through the woods until we arrive at our little shack. It is a small house, a bit rundown but it is home nonetheless.
Only those of higher rank are privileged enough to live in the pack house. No privilege to me cause I think that would be the worst kind of torture ever. A bunch of stuck-up people.
Once inside, I help Lauren put the food away and then I head to my small room. It is a tiny room that used to be the dining room but was converted into a room. when I came into the picture. Lauren and I used to share the bedroom until Mom and Dad died. They were killed when the Dark Fang pack attacked us and the fighting spilled into the pack house. Lauren and I survived only because. mom hid us under the kitchen cupboards and she led them away. It was a horrible time for us. Lauren was seventeen then and I was nine. Then, James came into the picture. Her mate. And he is amazing. I am content and I am happy for her. He is good to her and to me, just like a brother. The only problem in this room is that you can hear everything from the kitchen and living room since the walls are very thin so right now I hear plate clattering as Lauren. attempts to prepare food.
I come out of my room. "I'll eat later. I'm going for a run."
"Okay but make it short."
"To the river and back," I say, assuring her. "But are you sure you want me to come back fast?"
I narrow my eyes at her because I don't want a repeat of what I saw the last time I came back too early-she and James getting it on in the living room.
"Yes..." she says. "If James gets back here before you do, all he has to do is spank these buns and give my papaya a quick rub."
"EEEEEWWWW STOP!"
She laughs like a maniac while I run out of the house not wanting to hear more.
I hate how she calls her privates, papaya. I haven't been able to eat one of them ever since she started doing that
Forcing all of that out of my head, I go outside and take my clothes off as I enter the woods. I shift to my wolf form and run. This makes me feel better. I feel connected to my wolf when I am in this form and my fears and anxieties go away as if they were never even there.
I am enjoying this time to myself when I suddenly hear something just in front of me that makes me come to a stop. I immediately stop and I am irritated when Niles jumps out of the bushes in his wolf form.
This man will not leave me alone. He doesn't bully me like the others, it is worse, he makes advances at me. Keeps asking me to be his mate. A man twice my damn age, mid-forties. His mate died a long time ago and now he has his slimy eyes set on me. He is a nasty man and no other she-wolf wants him, and since no male in the pack wants me either, he thinks I will be easy to have and that I don't have any other choice but to mate with him but the joke is on him, I'd rather be alone the rest of my life than be with someone like him.
I make an irritated growl sound that comes directly from my own wolf. I can sense her feelings inside of me and she dislikes him as much as I do.
He walks up to us in a stride. He gets close to us in a tall posture which is a sign of dominance and then starts sniffing the back of my ears, leading to my neck. It is a way to try and enamor us or rather my wolf. My wolf snaps at him and he growls back attempting to be dominant but we do not accept it. My wolf snaps back at him and he retreats taking a step back but my wolf does not stop barking and growling at him. She acts like a maniac which makes him uncomfortable.
We start running back to the house because our mood has been ruined and no manner of running will change it.
"That was fast. Food is ready." Lauren says.
"Not hungry anymore." I say.
"Oh? Well then start getting ready!"
I sigh. I hate dressing up. And by that, I mean still looking like a bum but one that is trying not to look like a bum.
I take a shower and then I put deodorant on and fish for a dress on my clothes rack.
"This will do." A white summer dress with frills. It looks childish and not my twenty-three-year-old a*s at all but I don't really care anyway. I am not trying to impress anyone not even him... the cause of all my misery.
With my dress on, I turn around to look at the mirror. Old scars from before I had my wolf and I couldn't heal are on full display. I used to hate them, but now I don't care.
Still getting ready, I go into my jewelry box and pick up my golden necklace. The only thing of value I own. It has my name on it and it is the only reason why people know my name at all.
When I was three, I was found near the river. My mother was dead next to me. At least that is what I was told. I don't remembe any of it. They think my mother ran away from her rogue pack. Female rogues are treated worse than I am so it makes sense. Lauren's parents were the ones who found me and asked to take me in. The Alpha agreed and they made me their daughter. Treated me like their own. I will always be grateful to them for that. Lauren from day one has been a loving sister to me and once our parents died she took the motherly role. She is now thirty-one and she and James have not been able to have children which is a shame because they would be such great parents.
It rides down because it is too small, I fix the dress at the chest area, quickly covering my burn mark. I have had it since I was a child. don't know or remember how I got it. I tend to hide it every chance I get. It almost looks like a brand but it is not. However, kids always teased me because of it growing up. They always said that I was branded and it meant that I was the lowest of the pack which I am but I've had this mark since before I was in this pack.
I am part of the Omega hierarchy but I am actually one of the runts of the pack. The lowest of the Omegas. Weak, ostracized, rejected by all, and unwanted, excluding Lauren and James.
Looking in the mirror, I put concealer under my eyes so that I don't look so beat up, and then I put my hair in a ponytail, trying to tame it but to no avail, it still looks like a dark lion's mane.
I am thinking that maybe I should cut it. Curly hair is so hard to take care of when it is so long."
After James comes back from his work at the farm-he works with the farm animals--we eat and after he and Lauren get ready, we leave for the pack house. As we approach, the festival is well underway and my heart starts to pummel inside my chest as I realize that I am going to have to see him again.
"James, how are the cattle doing?" Beta Christoph suddenly comes up to us. A strict man but not without reason.
James is the one in charge of the farm and so they start talking about the farm until another man of high rank interrupts.
"Speaking about cattle, is it true? Did the warriors really bring back prisoners this time?"
"Yes," the beta says. "This time, the Dark Fang Pack attacked the wrong.
encampment. They were not counting on our warriors being there and now we have prisoners of war.
I shiver to hear about the Dark Fang Pack. They were the boogie man to us growing up but the difference from the boogie man is that this pack is real.
As I turn trying to distract myself from that conversation, I suddenly find myself thinking that I'd rather be facing the Dark Fang Pack just about now as I look at the person who approaches.
My damn mate!
###Chapter 3
With a scowl on his face, my mate stares down at me.
"Ezra, finally home!" the beta greets him.
Ezra rips his green eyes from me and gives him a nod. "Yes, finally home...for good."
What?! That can't be!
"I hear you finished your training?"
Ezra gives him a nod. "Yes."
Lauren holds my hand and squeezes it. She is the only one who knows that Ezra turned out to be my mate.
I start remembering how Ezra looked at me that day with so much anger as if it was my fault that we were mated to each other. I was so happy that day because I had finally found out when my birthday was. I never really knew so we celebrated it on a random day until I got my wolf on that autumn day.Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Then I set my eyes on Ezra and it all took a turn. He even flipped a car because of how angry he was but no one ever knew why. But he didn't reject me and I was confused by this at first but not anymore. This is how he punishes me. I wasn't what he wanted as a mate. He's always shown so much disgust toward me but he has used this to torment me through the years.
Mates who find each other create an imprinting bond. With this, we can feel more attraction towards each other but we can also feel betrayal even when we are not marked, this includes unfaithfulness. He has made it his mission to make me feel pain every time he can just like this morning in the kitchen when he probably slept with one of the easy girls from the pack.
I knew it was a "welcome gift" from him.
He hates me. Even after I rejected him, he still won't accept it just to make me suffer. All this because he blames me for it. Just because he is angry that I ended up his fated mate which I had no say in. He is the last person I would ever want. Not even the damn mate bond can make me craver this man now.
I wish he could just reject me and find someone else. The thing is that even fated. mates don't have to be together if they don't want to. Most do stay together because they want that special bond with their significant other but we can create new bonds with those that are not our fated mates by marking. It is not the same as the real mate bond but it beats getting stuck to someone you dislike.
Now if only he would just reject me.
James starts to walk away from this conversation. I know he probably feels out of place. Lauren follows him and I turn on my heels and sprint away as well.
We head to one of the tables filled with drinks.
"I seriously don't understand why Papa allows them to come to the festivals. Look at them, so filthy."
I don't have to see who is saying that to know who it is. Bryn, one of the twins. She and Miles are the youngest of the Alpha family. She is just like her older brothers but Miles is not. Miles is always engrossed in a book and really doesn't bother me or any of the Omegas. But Bryn is another story. She is a real snob and thinks she is better than anyone else. Goes out of her way to make everyone feel inferior to her.
"They really should have their own festivals somewhere else away from the important people. Keep their filth away."
What a bitch. If the Alpha and Luna didn't give the Omegas the scraps of everything, then maybe we would look like presentable people.
The Omegas are the ones that do the undesirable jobs around the pack and cater to the Gammas, Betas, and the Alpha family but this is only in this pack. Every pack is run differently depending on the Alpha of the pack.
Lauren, James, and I ignore Bryn as we always try to do.
I take a drink and bring my attention to the stage where the Alpha steps on to give his speech.
He is in his late forties and has dark hair with a lot of gray streaks, light skin, and green eyes.
"Our sons and daughters are finally home!" He says lifting up a glass. "A joyous day indeed. Hug them and love them for tomorrow they could be gone. This war has taken many of our own. Our world is a cruel one indeed. I drink to my son Colt, who today we are not able to hug or talk to anymore. He was a casualty of this war. In his memory, love your children every day and value every second you have with them, you don't know when they will not be here anymore."
Colt...I disliked the guy but I did not wish him death. Out of the five siblings-excluding Miles- he was the least asshole though not by much. He died nine years ago. He was on the training grounds when they got attacked by the Dark Fang Pack.
He had his mate, Skye, with him. She was also like Bryn...a b*tch. But those two never left each other's side and she was a warrior too. One morning, the camp was destroyed and the whole company was killed. The bodies were piled up, mutilated, and burned by the enemy.
That is what the Dark Fang Pack does. Our pack is not good either but in no way we are like them. The Dark Fang Pack is much worse, at least that's what I've heard. There is a mystery surrounding that pack and it's Alpha. They are a pack that has grown too big too fast.
There is a rumor that the Alpha of that pack has Alpha command. It is not rare but not many Alphas possess that ability. Our Alpha doesn't have it. It is the ability to give a commanding suggestion to a pack member of their own pack. I say suggestion because you can refuse but it takes a strong-willed person to do so and if you do, you'd still have to face consequences.
As for the feud between our packs, none of the other packs want to get involved. There are no alliances here. Everyone has to fend off for themselves so they stay out of the way.
I look back at the stage and now Kaecy is up there giving a speech. He is the next one to be Alpha since Colt is no longer with us but it is obvious to everyone that he doesn't want the job. He doesn't hide how much he despises it.
A hand clutches me by the shoulder, abruptly turning me around.
"You weren't there to greet me this morning." Ezra says, crossing his arms.
I roll my eyes. "Not that you wanted me there." I look at Lauren and James who walk away without noticing that I am not with them.
"I kind of did." he says. "I wanted you to see the babe I had in my arms." He looks at my clothes and winces as if he dislikes what I am wearing.
"Do you really think I would have cared?" I ask.
I have never shied away from talking back to him though it does get me into a lot of trouble.
He leans in. "Do you know how humiliating it is to have you as my mate?"
"You tell me every time. But if it's so humiliating, then reject me!"
"No, I am not done with you."
"Why are you so cruel?"
"A mate is supposed to be a gift." he says as he looks at me and then shakes his. head. "You are no gift. You are a punishment. And as I have been punished, I will also punish you." Bryn suddenly pops out of nowhere. "What, do you have a crush on my brother now?"
I laugh, mockingly. "I rather have a crush on a frog."
"Ugh! You are so nasty. You shouldn't even be allowed to breathe. You know, that's probably why your real mother died. She died on purpose just to be rid of you." She says.
Suddenly her nose is bleeding because of the sucker punch I just gave her. It was so fast that neither of us realized what just happened.
She holds her nose and stares at me with shock.
Now the anger inside of me rushes through my body. "Pitty, clearly the wrong sibling died! It should have been one of you!" I shout.
I really shouldn't have said that and I regret it the moment that it comes out of my mouth.
As my guilt starts to sink in, I am slapped.
"How dare you!" the Luna shouts at me.
"I-" Before I can say anything, I am slapped again but this time it draws blood. from my mouth.
"Shut your mouth!" She says.
Ezra looks a bit surprised that she came out of nowhere but then smirks behind her.
Many people look our way.
Does this piss me off? Yes. Do I want to punch the Luna? Oh yes but if I do, I would be signing my death sentence. So I hold back my anger as much as I can.
"Nothing I do ever works on you, you horrible girl!" she screams.
Lauren and James rush over.
I shake my head at Lauren telling her not to do or say anything. The last thing I want is for her to be punished too for my stupid mouth.
"Bring her!" As the Luna starts to walk, one of the warriors grabs me by the wrist and starts to drag me with him, following her.
I don't fight it and make sure to keep up. The Luna leads us to the back of the pack as she curses under her breath. She stops in front of the door that leads to the basement from the outside.
I inwardly sigh.
She's taking me to the cells. I have seen this place many times when I am. instructed to clean it but I have never been a prisoner before. Usually, I am dealt with with a whip but I guess she has no time now because of the festival.
She takes a lantern that is on the wall at the top of the stairs, then we go down a flight of stairs and then turn to the right hall that leads to the cells. There are six cells but three of them have prisoners. One of the prisoners I have seen before. It is a rogue that was captured a few weeks ago. But the other four, I have never seen.
Must be the prisoners they brought from the fort camps. The four other men are n*ked, dirty, and beat up. There are two men in each cell but one of the new four men seems unconscious. The rogue is the only one alone.
"Keep her in here until I decide what to do with her after the festival." The Luna opens the cell that is next to the unconscious man. The other two are in the cell in front of them and next to them-in front of my cell-is the rogue.
The warrior guard takes me into the cell and then they close it.
The Luna holds the bars of the cell as she looks down at me. "You are cruel. The things you say-losing a child is no joke! I've already lost one child and now you wish me to lose another!"
I want to say I am sorry for what I said but if I do, I am sure she will come in here and beat me. So I stay quiet.
"If it was up to me, I'd let you rot in here for the rest of your miserable existence." She gets even closer. "Maybe I'll do just that. Rid me of you." She mutters before leaving and as they leave, so does the light. The only lights left are the one from the hall we just came from and the moonlight that comes from small barred rectangular windows.
I slide to the back of the cell and sit, resting my back on the wall while I bring my knees to my chest. I can feel the men in the room watching me..
"What did you do?" one of them asks from the cell next to mine. I look at him. but all I can see are his eyes glistening. Now that my eyes are adjusting to the dark, I catch the man who I thought was unconscious on the floor looking at me as well still lying down. I close my eyes and hide my head between my arms and knees.
How long will I be here?
I usually only come here to clean and feed prisoners which are rare to have but I have never been a prisoner before.
Me and my big mouth.
###Chapter 4
"Girl. Hey, girl."
My eyes open and my head lifts up with the immediate surge of pain in the back of my neck.
This floor is uncomfortable.
"Mgh! "Girl!"
I look at the man next to my cell. "What?" I bark.
The light is still dim but there is light now coming from the small barred windows on the top edge of the walls. Because of this, I can tell that it is morning. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.The other man, the one that was lying down yesterday is now sitting with his back against the wall but facing in my direction. His scrutinizing eyes make me feel uncomfortable.
The other man that speaks to me-who now I can see just a bit more- smiles.
He has a nice smile for a grungy-looking man and I can see a hint of blond hair under all that dirt and brown eyes.
The other man who sits staring at me has dark hair but what stands out the most are his marble green eyes, the little amount of light hits just right.
I can see scars on both men's bodies. Deep scars. The ones that come from torture and silver weapons. Wounds made from those types of weapons on our kind leave scars. But the green-eyed man seems to have taken the brunt of it. He has a deep scar on his cheek and another over the eye but his eye seems to be intact. The other two men that are at the cell in front of them look just the same as they do. They all look to be in their twenties but older than me.
I look away from the smiling man.
"Oh come on. We don't bite," he says.
I fight the urge to look back at him.
"Well, maybe a little." He chuckles. "Hey, do you know of a way out of here?"
Now I have to look at him. My eyes dart in his direction. My eyebrows knit and I squeeze my eyes, squinting.
"Is that a no? Or do you just don't want to tell us? We are nice guys, promise." He puts up his hand and smiles.
For a guy who is imprisoned and is probably going to get tortured and killed, he seems chipper. In fact, the four of them do not seem worried at all.
The other two men in the other cell laugh but not the green-eyed man. His expression stays stoic and it seems to me that he hasn't stopped staring at me.
The smiling guy doesn't stop talking. "I'm Dash and by the way, that's some pretty hair. Curly hair is so pretty and it looks great on you.
If I am honest, I feel flattered. No one has ever complimented me. At least not that I remember.
"What's your name?" he asks.
I look away and don't answer.
"Curls it is.
My eyes dash to him again. I open my mouth to complain but as my eyes then immediately dart to the green-eyed man, I close it back. He scares me but I can't deny that I am intrigued by him in a way.
We suddenly hear the echo of the dungeon door opening. The steps of someone walking our way carries through the hall.
From the hall, a guard walks in with a lantern. He passes by the cells, counting.
"Three...five... six." He then turns when he reaches the last cell and walks over to mine. "Come. Bathroom time."
I look at the old latrine toilet in the corner of my cell.
"Unless you want to use that right here in front of everyone?" he says.
"No. I'll come." I say. I get up as he opens the cell and follow him. He takes me to the hall where a doorway without a door leads to a small ugly bathroom. I go in as the guard stands in front of the door giving me his back. "Hurry it up. I am only doing this as a favor to James."
I am so grateful to James right now.
I do hate that the guard is still right in front of me but it is better than having all those men seeing me like this.
I then remember that Niles is one of the guys who is sometimes assigned to the dungeon.
I am definitely peeing myself if he is ever the one on duty cause I am not going anywhere with him.
I do what I have to do and once I am done, the guard takes me back to my cell.
"I'll only come to do this in the mornings. So you are going to have to hold it the rest of the day or go in that." He points to the toilet in the cell.
Oh, I'll hold it alright.
"Do we get princess privileges too?" Dash asks."
The guard stares him down and if not for the bars in between them, I can see. that he would get a beating for that.
"Guess not," Dash mutters as the guard turns around and leaves.
"That mouth of yours is going to get you in real trouble." One of the other guys says.
I look at the hall where the guard left.
And that is the only and last time we see anyone else today.
"They're going to starve us," one of the men from the other cells says.
"Shut up, Quinn," Dash snaps at him.
It is already night and no one ever came to feed us.
"He's not wrong." The rogue says. "That's what they do. They'll starve you until you are on the brink of death. Maybe they'll even torture you and once they are completely done with you, they'll take you upstairs where they'll display you." My stomach hurts. They haven't even given us water. But all this has not stopped. Dash from talking or rather trying to talk to me.
"So are you going to tell me what you did to get yourself thrown in here, Curls?" He asks.
I sigh because he doesn't stop.
I come to the conclusion that maybe answering him will make him stop talking.
"I punched the Alpha's daughter..." I mutter.
I am sure I would have gotten punished for that anyway but I know it is what I said that really hurt the Luna.
He suddenly starts laughing. "No way! You have balls."
I sigh again and lie on the ground, closing my eyes and ready to sleep. I feel very tired, hungry, and weak. Dash and the others continue talking until everyone finally falls asleep.
When I wake up the next morning, my head hurts and my eyes are heavy.
The day passes quickly and this time, Dash is not talking much. I take a glance and see him lying down with his arm on his eyes, resting. The green-eyed man-to whom I still don't know the name-is sitting just like the previous day just watching. Looking at the light that comes from the small windows, I sit up but I feel like I am about to faint.
"Lie back down." A husky baritone voice says. It took me a few seconds to realize that it was the green-eyed man.
I look at him with a questioning expression.
He speaks again. "You are smaller than us. You need to conserve all the energy you can."
I look at Dash and I am sure that he tired himself out already. I realize now why the green-eyed man has been so quiet and still, this whole time unlike Dash and the others.
I do as he says and suddenly my eyes open again and it is already dark outside. Everyone now seems to be sleeping but this is when I suddenly feel a stabbing pain in my heart. I hold my chest and whimper but I quickly put my hand over my mouth. My hands shake and I am just too weak to completely hide it however I do my best.
I hear muffling sounds and realize that the green-eyed man is watching me. I quickly turn around, giving him my back, and hold in as much of the pain as I can.
I hate him. I hate him so much!
When I first found out that Ezra was my mate. I was scared and angry but also, hopeful. Deep inside I had hope that maybe it could be. I'd let the mate bond do what it does but after so much pain and humiliation, I have learned to hate him.
As the pain now subsides, I close my eyes again, and now, I can't seem to wake. up, even when the light of day hits my eyes. It takes all that I have to open them.
"Hey, how are you feeling?" Dash asks with a weakened voice. He lies, staring in my direction.
I feel ten times worse than yesterday and I am sure that it is all thanks to Ezra.
I try to open my mouth to answer Dash but I can't. All I can do is close my eyes again.
How long have I been here? Crap, maybe the Luna IS going to leave me here forever!
I hear shouting now. That handsome green-eyed man shouts and Dash also speaks but I can't make out anything. Then, there is silence.
Suddenly, a bright light hurts my eyes.
"Casseopea?"
A woman's voice speaks my name..
I attempt to open my eyes and they feel less heavy now. I take in my view and realize that I am in the pack hospital and the woman who speaks to me is the doctor.
"There you are." Dr. Turner says. She looks relieved.
Lauren and James are here too.
"W...wa."
"Water?" Dr. Turner asks.
"I nod."
The doctor nods too "That is exactly what you need but you are getting fluids now so we will get you rehydrated in no time."
Lauren sits next to me with a glass of water and helps me drink.
James sighs, standing next to her. "Prohibiting food and water is something that they do to weaken enemies before interrogation and to keep them from busting through the cell bars." He says and then mutters. "Damn idiots did the same to you not taking into consideration that you are much smaller and weaker than most werewolves who see those cells." I am sure the Luna knew exactly what was happening.
"If not for the same prisoners, you would have died." He sees my confused expression and continues. "They called for the guards nonstop until someone listened and came to check what was all the commotion about."
I feel so grateful. I can't believe they did that. Risking getting punished to save me, a member of the pack that is their enemy.
After taking a good sip of water, I am able to speak just a bit.
"Can...I go home...now?"
Lauren closes her eyes and shakes her head.
"You need to stay here for a few days but after..." She pauses and sighs. "The Luna said that your punishment is still ongoing. She said that you'll stay in the dungeon for a month."
My eyes widen as she says this but she quickly adds. "But you will get fed regularly this time. And as part of the punishment, you are to clean the cells and take care of the prisoners."
"It's ridiculous but the Luna said that watching what becomes of those that don't follow the rules will be good for you," James says.
"At least you are not getting whipped," Lauren says trying to look at the bright side but the thing is, I actually don't mind staying there if they won't starve me.
I quickly look up at them, realizing something. "Did...they feed the prisoners?"
I find myself feeling concerned for them.
James looks confused but he answers me. "I...I am sure they did. They usually leave them without food and water for three days."
I feel just a bit relieved about that and I do hope it is true.
Throughout the next few days, I find myself thinking about them and hoping that they are okay. I know they are the enemies but... I feel bad for them and plus, they saved me. They can't be all that bad if they saved me. Or maybe I'm just being stupid and naive. After two days, I am finally feeling much better. When the Luna is made aware of this, I am taken back to the cells. I quickly take a look at all of them and see that they are all alive and I am so grateful though, the two guys that are in the cell in front of Dash have new wounds that seem to be healing. They look a bit more beat up than last time.
"Well well. Look who's back. How are you doing there, Curls?"
This time, I can't help but give him a shy smile but then I look away from him. and my eyes meet those green eyes.
Now seeing him just a bit better, there is something about him.
###Chapter 5
Pack members watch me as I fill a bucket with water. I have chains on my ankles as if I were a dangerous prisoner. I am sure the Luna is trying to humiliate me but I feel none at all since I am used to this kind of treatment. A few smaller children stand in the corner watching me and start to mock me as kids tend to do. I look at them and growl with my fangs out. They scream and take off running.
I admit, it brought me joy. Those little shits are going to be just as bad as their parents. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.As I continue to fill the bucket, I do feel just a bit more decent now. I was able to bathe at the pack hospital and Lauren brought me clean clothes. Jean overalls that are a bit worn out, sneakers, and a colorful striped fit shirt inside the overalls. I have my mane in a ponytail which makes it easier when I clean because it doesn't get in the way.
When the bucket is full, I lift it up and take it back to the basement dungeon. The guard on the door doesn't follow me. He stays at the door while I go down the flight of stairs. This time, I take the lantern that is on the wall with me. When I reach the cells, I hang the lantern on the wall letting it illuminate the room. The men are all covered in dirt.
"Damn! Now I can see everyone's ugly faces." Dash says.
"Shut up, asshole," Quinn growls.
Dash laughs but then he looks at me. "Except for your face, Curls. You do not fall under the ugly categ
I now ignore him because all he has been doing is flirting and I am starting to think that this is part of his personality and that means he flirts with everyone.
I am not used to the attention of men so I got a bit excited when he gave me some attention before. And plus, he was sweet, not the slimy kind of attention. But I have a grip now and I know I shouldn't be smitten just like that..
I hold the bucket up and throw the water on the floor, letting it run down to the end. I then grab the broom and start scrubbing the floors.
"So this is your punishment then?" Dash asks.
"Yeah, it's not so bad."
"She talks! Oh! So you do like hanging out with us."
I roll my eyes.
"Come on Curls, admit it. You like us.
"It's Cass and I do not kid myself, I know you guys are dangerous. But we are separated by bars, so it doesn't hurt to be...friendly."
"Smart girl." Quin mutters.
"Na, you like us." Dash says. "And what's that about Cass?"
"It's my name." I reply.
"Cass?" The green-eyed man whispers, surprising me. He cocks his head just a bit. but when I look at him, he goes back to being his stoic self. "That is short for something?" He asks.
I stop scrubbing the floor and stare at him, then I slowly nod.
"Cassiopeia." I replied.
He closes his eyes and nods as he whispers. "I see."
"That's a curious name." Dash says.
"Ugly, you mean." I mutter.
"No. I did not say that."
"But you thought it." I whisper to myself but then I change the subject and ask. them what has been bothering me for a while. "Anyway, how come you guys are so calm." "Huh?" Dash acts dumb.
"You are in cages and at any moment..your life could end. But you all don't seem too worried about that."
"Oh nooo, we are trapped. Dash says mockingly.
I narrow my eyes at him. "See! You are playing games."
He laughs. "We are used to this kind of treatment. Don't worry about us, Curls. If we die, we die and that is it. Is not like we have anyone to cry over us."
I suddenly feel bad for them. It seems that their pack doesn't treat them well either. Not that it is any surprise coming from the Dark Fang Pack.
Are we all just pawns of tyrant men?
I suddenly have to stop. I close my eyes and grip the wood on the broom as pain wells up in my chest again.
F***ing Ezral
I scream in my head.
I hold the broom harder and every time a surge of pain hits me, I scrub the floor as hard as I can.
"Are you okay there, Curls? You look like you are about to cry." Dash says.
"I'm fine!" I snap at him.
"Damn... okay."
"Sorry." I whisper.
Green-eyes stares at me with his unreadable expression. I really don't know what that man is thinking but his intensity makes me shiver, not necessarily in a bad way. After what seems like an eternity, the pain is finally gone. I feel tired but I continue my work.
I am deeply concentrating on scrubbing the floors but then I notice that it has gone silent and all I can hear are whispers.
I look back at the men and see them all huddling in front of the bars talking to each other.
"Are you sure?" Quin whispers.
Green-eyes nods. "Yeah. I am sure."
"So, that means-"
"No. We wait." Green-eyes whispers again.
"What? Why?"
"What are you all doing?" I ask, interrupting them.
"We are debating on who has dibs on you." Dash says
"What?!"
"You idiot You sound like a pervert." The other guy next to Quin-Peter-says.
Dash quickly shakes his head. "Oh shit. No, not like that!"
I squint my eyes at them.
"You are disgusting!" I huff.
Dash shakes his head and waves his hands. "No! That's not what I meant! Curls, you gotta believe me. I'm a decent man, promise." "You!" someone suddenly shouts from behind me making me jump.
I turn to see Four guards standing there.
"Move!" one says. I quickly step to the side and let them pass. They stop in front of Dash's and the green-eyed man's cell.
"You! Out!" They open the cell and grab the green-eyed man by the arm, hurling him up to his feet.
I quickly look away as he is exposed to everyone.
The green-eyed man doesn't say anything and complies.
I feel bad and a bit scared for him as I watch the guards take him away.
"Shit." Dash whispers and now for the first time since I met them, he seems a bit worried.
"Will...he be okay?" I mutter.
Dash's demeanor suddenly changes and he smiles. "Of course! That man can take anything."
so you've known each other long?" I ask as I continue to scrub the floors.
"Very long."
Even though I am very curious, I stop asking questions because I don't want them to think that I have been put here to spy on them or something like that..
As the day progresses, I am tasked to go up to the kitchen and bring food for the prisoners. Matilda hands me trays with food. She looks at my shackles with. disapproval but she is smart enough not to say anything.
As I am walking by the field to get to the dungeon, Ezra walks past me but when he sees me, he immediately stops.
"Where the hell have you been?" he asks.
I look at him with a scowl. "What do you mean where have I been?" I look down at my shackles to see if they are visible and they are.
He follows the direction my eyes are looking. "They still have you in the dungeons?"
"Yup." I say and start walking away, not hiding the way I feel about him.
The mate bond is supposed to be something beautiful. You have a soul. connection with someone on a level that other beings don't get to experience. You crave them emotionally and physically. And I can't lie, at the beginning, I did crave him and wanted him in that way even if I didn't like him and resented him for the way he had treated me all these years. But now, I despise him. You can only cause so much pain to someone until they start to feel numb and disgusted by them. And that is how I feel about him. I know that this man will never be the nurturing mate I wish to have. He will always hurt me and even if he tried to change things, the pain he caused will always be there.
"Maybe if you grovel, I can talk to Mom and get you out of there." he says.
I turn to him with confusion. "What? Why? Why would you?...you know what, thanks."
"Are you serious?"
"Ya." I try to keep going my way.
"But-"
I am surprised that he even offered if I am honest. I turn to him now looking confused. "But what?"
"I just thought that now that I am back, I'd see more of you...to torture you some more." He gives a wicked smile.
"You already do enough of that, even when you were far away, so no thanks. I rather stay in the dungeon." I turn my b*dy to completely face him. "Or you can just reject me."
"No." He quickly says.
I am not surprised. I turn back around and rush away. When I get back to the cells, I start handing the food trays to the men.
"Thanks, Curls." Dash says.
"Hey, what happened to the rogue?" I ask now seeing his cell empty.
"They came and got him a few moments ago."
"I don't think he is coming back." Quinn says.
"Why do you say that?"
"He said it himself. He told us he had been here for a while now. So he was probably not much use to them anymore."
I am not sure if that is true or not so I leave his food tray in his cell just in case. I then put the green-eyed man's tray on a table outside of the cells and then head to my own cell where I eat my food. Unlike the others, I am not locked in. The guards know I am not going anywhere.
We finally hear the guards come down again but they don't have green-eyes with them. They stop in front of my cell and open it.
"Come."
what?
"By the Luna's orders, you are instructed to come with us."
I take a deep breath and follow them. They lead me out of the dungeon and to my surprise, they turn to the back of the dungeon and head into the woods. Within a few minutes, we arrive at a bunker.
I know what this palace is. We were instructed as children to never come close. here. It is the interrogation room.
The guards open the door and immediately the smell that comes out makes me want to throw up.
###Chapter 6
The guards lead me inside the cemented structure and the first thing I see is three guards and Green- "Why am I here?" I ask.
I don't want to see him like this.
"By order of the Luna, you are to be our little helper today."
"What?! What do you mean?!"
One of the guards suddenly swings a hammer at Green-eye's hand, smashing his fingers.
He creams in pain and I scream too.
With no pause, another guard swings at him with a small whipping stick that has strands at the end of the complete chapters for free."Stop!" I scream.
"Stop?" The guard laughs. "These are enemies. Our job is to get any information from them in whateve The guard holds my arm, pulling me towards green-eyes and then he puts a pointy metal tool in my h "By order of the Luna, you are supposed to help." "No!" I scream.
They all force me in front of Green-eyes.
I look into his eyes and he looks into mine. There is calmness in his green seas. He doesn't look afraid One of the guards holds my hand tight with the metal tool in it and pulls it to stab Green-eyes in betw He hisses when the tool pierces his skin. I use all my strength to pull back but they are too strong. I m the floor.
"NO!" I scream at them.
The hand of the man I scratched swings across my face, slapping me.
"This is your punishment! You are to experience what happens to those who are considered enemies
rapped to a chair. He looks like he has been beat up a bit but it is nothing he doesn't seem to be able to handle.
ick with blades attached to the end of the strands. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read
we can."
omam.
he of his fingers and his nail.
to free my other hand and scratch one of them right on the face. That makes him pull back and I am able to free myself and immediately I throw the tool on
back. The Luna said that if you didn't do what you were told, you would be punished even more severely."
I look at the guard with so much anger as I rub my face. Usually, I would try to contain myself but this time, I let my anger lead me.
"The Luna can go and fuck herself for all I give a shit! Hurt me if you want to but I will not cause him pain! No one deserves this kind of treatment!"
One of the guards gasps at my words but the other two just look at each other.
"What now?" one of them asks the other.
"The Luna thought this would happen. She said to let her watch. We don't have a lot of time tonight so let's hurry up."
I shake my head but one of them grabs me from behind and holds me close enough for me to see what is being done to Green-eyes.
I close my eyes but hear everything.
"STOP!" I scream as I try to get out of this guard's grasp. But of course, they don't stop just because I tell them to.
"Talk!" the guard that tortures Green-eyes shouts.
Green-eyes stays silent and continues to take everything they throw at him. Yeah, he sometimes screams and groans but he does not budge and still looks calm. As if this is something he is used to.
Tears start to come out of my eyes. I hate this. I feel desperate to help Green-eyes but there is nothing I can do to stop them.
"You feel for this man? He is the enemy." the guard that holds me asks.
"All I see is just a man. No faction, no color, no good or bad. Just a man." The man torturing Green-eyes points a knife at me. "Naive little girl.
You have no idea what these people are capable of."
"You are right! But that is because all I see is what this pack is capable of!" I respond with anger.
"She's just a sheltered little girl who knows nothing about the world."the guard that holds me says.
"Sheltered?!" I give a laugh almost sounding like a mad person. "Are you serious!!" I scream. "This pack IS my world! And all I have ever known is pain! Yet I will always choose to not do to others the same things that have been done to me!" I spit at the feet of the guard that is in front of me.
The guard walks closer and slaps me. If not for the guard that holds me, I would have flown across the room.
Green-eyes growls and tries to lift himself from the chair but the straps are too tight and he is in a weakened state.
"Take her back." the guard that slapped me says. "She's useless here. I don't know what the hell the Luna wanted her to learn but..." He walks
close to me as I lift my head up, tasting blood in my mouth."...She will hear of this."
"Good." I say and spit in his face.
"Fucking-" He goes to strike me again but Green-eyes growls and rattles in his chair, getting the guard's attention back.
Take her back!" the guard shouts turning back to Green-eyes.
The guard holding me takes me back out and guides me to the prison cells. Not in a very gentle way.
Dash immediately gets up when he sees me.
The guard locks me back in my cell and leaves.
"What happened?" Dash asks.
I put a hand to my cheek rubbing the swollen area and my eyes go to Quin and Peter. I look at their bodies focusing on the wounds from being interrogated and I feel so bad that they had to go through that. "I am so sorry." I say.
Of course, they are confused and try to ask me what is going on but I don't feel like talking.
I lie down and try to sleep, ignoring them but I can't help but be worried about Green-eyes. I don't know him at all and I have barely talked to him. He might be a bad man but deep inside I don't feel like he is.
I close my eyes but find it hard to sleep but eventually, I do. However, in the middle of the night, I am woken up by the guards again. They open my cell and throw Green-eyes at me.
"Clean him up since you are so fond of him!"
I gasp when I see the blood on him and even though I can see that he has an expression of pain, he still looks like he is in control.
Another guard brings in a bucket of water with a few rags and then they leave but they stay in the hall.
Dash lifts his head up. "Are you good?"
"Yeah." Green-eyes says as if it is nothing.
Dash nods and goes back to sleep.
I take the rags and look at him. I am a bit scared of having him in my cell this close.
For all that talk about not caring that he was the enemy, I am now very aware that this man is part of the Dark Fang Pack.
He leans his back on the bars and slides down until he sits looking tired.
Taking in a deep breath, I kneel in front of him and examine his wounds before I do anything. His hands and fingers are bleeding. He
has multiple cuts on his chest and stomach but not deep though they still look painful. His face saw a few more punches after I was taken
away.
Our kind heals faster than humans do but for wounds like this, it will still take a few days especially if there are broken bones.
I dip a rag into the water and squeeze it.
"I am sorry if I cause you more pain." I whisper.
He just stares at me and I don't know what to make of it but I don't feel like he is a danger to me right now.
When I am about to start treating him, I stop as 1 am hit by the realization of his nakedness....right in front of me.
I look away and my eyes water just a bit out of embarrassment. I know it is stupid to be worried about this now but I can't help it. I have never had real sausage and eggs flaunted at me like this. I didn't even know it would look that big this close. I mean I know how they look because of books and we are werewolves. I've seen my share of naked men and women. I see men and women all the time when they shift but...never this close.
I can't do this if he is like this. I grab one of the rags and toss it of his exposed junk. For a moment there, I think I see him holding a laugh but I quickly look away feeling embarrassed.
I clear my throat and grab his arms which he easily gives. I start to carefully clean his wounds and he doesn't seem to hurt when I do.
This man has been through a lot. I notice the old scars. He has many scars all over his body that don't even compare to the new ones.
We are silent the whole time that I tend to his hands but I know he never stops staring at me. I can feel it. However, not once do I look up at him. But I feel the awkwardness and I don't like it.
"W... What is your name?" I don't know how but I am brave enough to ask. I just need to fill this deafening silence.
For a few seconds, there is more silence. I finally look up at him, meeting his eyes.
"A-alexis." he finally says.
I nod without looking at him. "Alexis."
As 1 move my hand to his chest to start cleaning his wounds, he suddenly catches my hand with his.
I look up at him. His sudden intense gaze gives me chills.
"Why..."
I wait for him to finish.
"Why do you give me...such kindness?"
I am taken by surprise by the question but all I can remember is how unkind the people in my pack can be.
"Because...I am not shown much kindness either. And it's free so it is all I have to give."
He seems surprised by my answer. He lets my hand go and his hand suddenly goes up to my chin.
As he holds my chin, he stares at every inch of my face, as if he is searching for something. Now I am really nervous but before anything else happens, I feel my chest about to explode again.
I scoot back all the way to the end of the bars holding my chest and holding my cry. I know there was no way I hid that from him. I open my eyes and see him staring at me with his eyes wide. "What..." He stops almost as if he realizes and knows what is happening.
"Who..is doing this..."
I take in a deep breath. He noticed and I can't hide it from him now.
"Is it.. not obvious?" I softly ask as I wince.
He stays quiet making me even more nervous but then he finally speaks. "Your...mate," he says.
I close my eyes and nod.
"Mh." His eyebrows come together in a scowl "Why does he do this?"
I hold my chest, waiting for this wave of pain to pass before I answer him.
I stare back into his eyes. "Because he doesn't want me. He hates me." Our eyes never leave each other now. I don't know why I can't look away. I almost feel like I am under a spell.
###Chapter 7
"He...hates you..." he mutters pondeing my answer.
Still looking into his eyes, I continue. "He says I am an embarrassment...among other things." "And you haven't accepted his rejection?"
"You assume he rejected me. It's more the other way around. He won't reject me or accept my rejection even though he doesn't want me." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Who the hell is your mate?" I suddenly hear Dash from behind Alexis. "What a f**king prick! Tell me who it is. I'll kick the living shit out of him!"
"You've been awake this whole time..." I mutter and I would squint my eyes at him if I could but instead, I close my eyes riding another wave of pain and once it's done, I take in a breath of relief.
"I'm a Runt. He's one of the sons of the Alpha." I explain. "I have to admit, that is not a good match at all." I lower my head. "Maybe this is all a joke the moon goddess has played. To be mated to one of my childhood bullies.....how funny is that? "You are mated to an Alpha?!" Dash asks with surprise.
He has every right to be surprised. These things don't happen often. The Omega Runt of the pack being mated to an Alpha, it is unheard of but it does happen. and this is why Ezra hates it.
When I look up, Alexis stares at me with a bit of shock as well which surprises me.
"I...I am sorry." he says.
His response confuses me.
"You....are sorry? Why?"
"Cass..." The way he says my name sounds so familiar to me. As if I have known him all of my life. I feel a connection to him and it draws me in.
But why?
"You don't deserve to be treated like this..." He whispers.
He looks away and gets up, letting the rag on his crotch fall. I quickly look away but not before I get a good look at his buns when he turns and walks to the cell bars.
I swear I can hear Lauren whisper in my ear as if she was here right now. Something along the lines of "I'd eat those buns every damn morning if I could."
"My goddess Cass! Not the time and place!" I say in my head to myself.
"Guards." Alexis calls into the hall.
The guards walk over.
"She is done with me." he says.
"But I am not." I utter.
He ignores me as they get him out and take him back to his cell.
I can tell that he is not up for any more conversation as he settles in his usual spot.
"Here. At least clean those wounds yourself." I say giving him the rag from in between the bars.
He takes it and gives me a nod.
I lie back down trying to sleep but my mind is filled with him, them. How can these men be the enemy? They are from one of the most feared packs in the country yet, they don't act like monsters. They even treat me better than my own pack does.
The next morning I wake up to clean up again. Now I clean the rogue's cell since he never came back and then the other guys are moved from their cells for me to clean as well. In the afternoon, I head to the kitchen to get a tray of food. I am surprised that I am still allowed to move around like this after everything I said. to the guards last night. But they did tell me that the others won't eat for another three days so this will only be for me.
"Here you go." Matilda hands me my tray of food. I look inside and see enough for myself.
"Thank you." I smile and watch her leave but I can't do it. I can't go and eat in front of them while they are being starved.
It is dinner time so most of the cooks are in the dining room serving the food. I look around and right in the corner, I spot a basket of apples.
Without even thinking twice I make my way to it. My heart beats as if it were to escape my chest. When I see none of the remaining cooks looking at me. I take a few of the apples and put them inside my tray, quickly closing the lid. I run out of the door and out to the back.
"Watch it, runt!"
I immediately lift the tray and avoid slamming into Bryn and Kaecy.
Bryn pushes me to the ground but I hold my tray as if my life depended on it. My knees and elbow get scraped and my hip gets a good beating as it hits the ground. "Watch where you are going, idiot!" she shouts.
"S-sorry." I quickly say.
Not something I would say to her in fact, if I was really angry, normally I would get up and push her back but I don't want them to see what is in my tray so I bite my tongue. She looks at me with confusion cause I am sure she was expecting a fight back.
"I don't have time for this, Bryn!" Kaecy says: "Godammit! Why do I have to attend these damn meetings?!" Kaecy ignores the situation and dashes off.
Bryn suddenly ignores me too and runs after Kaecy. "Because you are going to be Alpha..."
They completely forget about me and I am so grateful.
As fast as I can, I get up and head back to the dungeon. I go past the guard who doesn't even bother to look at my tray and I rush down the cells.
When I get to my cell, the food is all mushed up together but it doesn't matter to me. I take the apples-I think I took too many- and show it to the guys. "Here. Quickly!"
Dash gasps. "You are a saint, Curls!" He quickly takes them and then throws some to the other guys in the cell in front of them.
"You could have gotten in trouble." Alexis says.
"Yeah, I almost did." I say c giving my attention to my food.
"Is that how you got all that?" He points to my wounds.
I nod at him as I start eating. "Compliments of the Alpha's daughter. A real b*tch. Luckily she didn't get a look inside the tray."
"But you got hurt."
I shrug. "So, it will heal."
"Don't do it again." he says with a stern voice.
I am very confused by this. I put my food down and put a hand on my hip. "Excuse me but I do what I want when I want. And if I want to get you guys food so that you don't starve, then I will."
I have no idea why I feel comfortable enough to talk to him like that but I just did. Maybe it is because there are bars separating us.
Dash laughs but Alexis does not find it so amusing. At least, I don't think he does. because he has his stoic expression on again.
I go back to my food but Alexis stares at me the whole time, even when he eats his apple. I do my best to ignore him like I tend to do. Night comes but this time, the guys have a bit more energy thanks to those fruits.
"That's because you fuck anything that has a whole!" Dash says to Quinn.
"Shut the fuck up. I do not."
"Yeah, you kind of do." Peter says. He and Dash start laughing.
They started talking about their S*xual venture to which I just listened and I have to say, I am a little bit disgusted. "What about you, Curls?" Dash asks.
I turn my head away from him. "No. Don't you dare ask me about that."
He laughs. "A virgin then,"
"No! Didn't say that...shut up!" I say with panic and look flushing with panic and look away with my cheeks.
They laugh but I am not going to admit to not having done the deed and with the way these guys talk, I am glad I haven't the way.
Steps walking in the hall make us all quiet down.
To my displeasure, it is Niles. The old nasty man.
He walks to my cell and leans his shoulder on one of the bars giving the guys his back. He bites the nail on his thumb as he stares at me. Damn it. It must be his turn to work tonight.
I stay quiet, not wanting to engage in conversation.
"My offer still stands you know. After this punishment. I can take you as my mate.
I keep quiet.
"No one will bother you then." he says.
"No." I softly say.
"No wants you. Are you saying you rather be alone forever?"
Yes. I say again in a soft voice.
You know, I am getting tired of hearing you refuse me! You won't get a better offer from anyone else."
"I am okay with that." I say.
You'll be alone forever. No one else wants you.
"I am okay with that." I repeat.
He now looks angry, and he is about to say something else but a sudden low growl makes his n*eck yank back. Alexis and Dash have murderous stares.
My eyes widen as I feel a sudden surge of power from their cell. I have not felt this one bit since I have been here. But in an instant, it is gone and it feels like I almost just imagined it.
Niles snarls at them but he doesn't seem to care. He starts walking away but gives. me one last look. "I am not taking no for an answer any more you little b*tch." He says before he disappears into the hall.
I suddenly feel unsettled. He seemed really angry this time.
"What a creep." Dash mutters.
Damn it. I can't catch a break.
As the evening progresses, I can't sleep. I am a bit worried about having Niles. guarding us.
There is silence. Everyone is asleep and because of this, I can suddenly hear movement.
I panic and sit up but the moment I do, I am grabbed and pulled to the bars.
My eyes meet green ones.
"Alexis?" I whisper.
He holds me by the n*eck. One squeeze and I am done for.
"Cass..." he whispers.
I am in shock.
"What...what are you doing, Alexis?"
"You want to be cheeky with me?" he asks.
"W-what?"
"If you talk to me the way you did before, then you have to deal with the consequences."
Is he talking about the apples and what I said to him?
"Can you handle the consequences for that?" he asks. He does not sound angry at all but he does look serious.
My l*ps quiver. Even with these bars between us, this man could kill me just like that if he wanted to, and though I am scared, I still don't feel like he wants to hurt me.
His hand loosens but travels up where he gently cups my chin. I can easily move. back and get away from his grasp but I feel paralyzed. Suddenly, his finger slides. across my l*ps in a soft caress. I am a bit embarrassed to admit to myself that I like what he is doing. His eyes go to my l*ps. "I...could k*ss you right now."
His voice is low and husky.
My mind is blank. I don't know what to say but I do not hate the idea.
He starts to get closer to the bars and moves my chin closer to him.
"Would you like that?" he whispers.
His warm breath tickles my l*ps and my skin shivers.
"Why...would you want to?" I ask unable to say that I do want him to k*ss me. I want his l*ps to trap mine in ways that no one else has ever done.
"Why would I not?"
"Because... I am unwanted by the men in my pack."
"Men? They are not men. You have been dealing with boys. I am no boy."
That makes me shiver even more and now I feel a burning sensation in the pit of my stomach. I suddenly want this man to take me completely. To reck me beyond anything I can imagine and I have a feeling that he could.
I look at his l*ps. I want him to crush his l*ps on mine. I feel almost desperate for his warmth, his touch. I have no idea what is happening to me because I have never felt like this before. I have never wanted a man so much as I do now. Not even Ezra when I found out he was my mate.
He suddenly looks behind me and immediately lets me go.
I am so disappointed.
I turn and see Niles.
He looks pissed. Who knows how long he has been there.
With rushed movements, he walks to my cell and opens it.
"The Luna and Alhpha want to see you." His voice seems forced.
I am confused when he says this.
"Now?" I ask.
"Yes." he says with a stupid smile on his face but I can tell it is forced.
It has to be one or two in the morning. Something is not right here.
I slide back until my back touches the wall. I shake my head saying no.
"You are refusing an order?"
"Tell them I refuse. They can punish me if they want." I say.
He looks even more pissed now and he growls.
"Always so outspoken and unruly... can't follow f**king simple orders!" He says.
"They...didn't ask for me, did they?" I ask seeing through his deception.
He lunges at me. He grabs my arm and starts pulling me out of the cell. "You'd give yourself to a scum like that but not to me!"
"NO!" I scream. "LET ME GO!"
"DON'T TOUCH HER!" Alexis shouts.
He hits the bars with his b*dy as he attempts to grab Niles with his arms in between the bars but he is a few inches too far.
"You won't refuse me tonight!" Niles growls out. "You are mine! No one else can have you!"
###Chapter 8
"NO!" I scream.
I make it hard for him as I thrash around while he attempts to take me to the hall.
I kick him on the knees where I can only reach but he doesn't budge. Using all my strength, I latch ont I hear growling and the bars shake. Alexis, Dash, and the others pull on the bars but they are too weal time. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.co "Fine. I'll take you right here. An audience will make it so much better!"
I scratch his face and punch but nothing seems to work. Real panic sets in when he attempts to pull my It is a shock and it makes me stop. The fact that this man is touching me in this way makes me feel en that everything is going to be fine. I can see his eyes and his horrible face and as I look into his eyes, He pulls away with a disgusting smile.
Die..." I hear myself whisper. "Dic...Die!" I now scream.
I feel like it is almost an illusion.
His hands stop wondering my clothes and his eyes widen. I lift my hand up to his face and start scratc immediately get him off and sit up but when I take a look at him, he has his eyes opened and I know
I scream and slide back, hitting the wall, feeling horrified. My shaky hand cups my mouth trying to mu I look at Alexis and Dash. They all look shocked but they don't look at Niles. They look at me. "She's-" Dash starts to say but Alexis interrupts him. "Yeah..."
"You knew?" Dash asks.
Alexis shakes his head. "No."
My l*ps quiver and my whole b*dy shakes. "I...I killed him..." I stutter. "I killed him......." I stop as the op
It won't matter that he was trying to hurt me. They will kill me for this.
"Cass...Cass!" Alexis shouts.
I snap out of my panic.
"Get the keys." He says.
I blink a few times at him. Tears now run down my cheeks.
ars of one of the empty cells as I continue to scream in hopes that someone outside will hear.
moment and those bars were made to hold werewolves. They might be able to get out but it will take them some time and I don't think I have that much ad the complete chapters for free.Niles seems to give up on taking me out and now pushes me down to the ground.
overalls down. "NO! NOOO!" I continue to scream. Until his hand groaps my b****t.
but I react by not reacting. I stop moving, motionless and disgusted. I suddenly start to enter an abyss of emptiness and darkness. I feel calm as if I know nk in my head is... death. I want him to die. I want his heart to stop. I envision in my head his heart-stopping.
it but he does nothing to stop it. All he does is clutch his chest. I scratch and scratch and then his b*dy falls over mine as if he has lost consciousness. I ead.
scream.
f what will happen to me flash through my mind. "I am dead. I am dead! The Luna and Alpha will kill me!"
"Cass!" He says now in a shout again. This catches my attention. I look at him as he kneels down to my level. Dash seems a bit concerned when Alexis does this.
"I am dead." I say. "They will kill me."
"No, they won't. Get the keys."
The way he talks to me now with so much calmness makes me calm down too.
I look at Niles and see the keys hanging from his pocket.
Shaking, I crawl over to him and quickly grab them. I slide back to the wall, hitting it again and clutching the keys on my chest.
Alexis does not attempt to take them. I feel his eyes on me. I look at him and then hand him the keys.
He gets up and starts to open his cage.
I start to feel a dizzy spell come over me but I try my best to stay alert.
"Is it time?" Dash suddenly asks.
"Yeah." Alexis replies.
He opens the cell and walks past me to where Niles lies. He kneels down and then holds his head with both his hands on each side. Then, he twists the head and breaks the n*eck. Alexis looks back at me. "I killed him." He says.
My eyes start to hurt while the room starts to spin. I suddenly remember that I have felt this before.
"But... but... they will kill you now!" I say, shaking my head trying to stay focused. "No, I won't lie! I won't let you...die for me!" My voice seems to be getting weaker.
He smiles and this really catches me off guard. "You are too good for this pack." He whispers getting close to me.
As if a deep sleep is trying to get a hold of me, I lie my head on the ground but I try to fight it.
"Don't...dic..." I whisper.
"I won't." He replies.
He kneels down in front of me. My eyes close but I force them open again.
"What do we do with her?" Dash asks.
Alexis moves my hair from my face and then I feel him caress my head.
"Bring her. Alexis responds.
As he says this, I watch as a few guards run in through the hall.
Alexis gets up and faces them. "Take me to your Alpha. He'll want to see me."
That is the last I hear before I find myself somewhere else. I am now watching myself swim in one of the ponds in the pack but I am eighteen. I vaguely remember this. It was one of those days where this dizzy spell took over me too just like today. It was just three days after I got my wolf. As I swim, two kids just a few years younger than me walk to the edge of the pond where my towel lies. They start stomping on it and putting mud all over it.
"Hey!" I shout and swim my way back. "Don't do that!"
"Look! She's coming!" They exclaim with laughter.
As I start to walk ou, they throw rocks at me. The first one hits me right on the head and it draws blood.
"Ha! I got her on the first try!"
'Run away now, Runt!" The other shouts at me.
A surge of anger rises inside of me and I don't run. I sprint towards them staring right into their eyes and all I can think is about breaking their arms as I see them swinging those rocks at me.
I don't get to them fast enough. I stop walking when they start screaming. They hold their arms looking like they are in pain.
They start screaming and running away, leaving me confused. Right after, I fell unconscious on the ground. After this, I waited for days to be punished. I thought those boys would lie and tell them that I hurt them but no one ever came. Those two boys have avoided me ever since that day.
I open my eyes with that fresh memory.
"That...was me?" That is the first thing that comes out of my mouth.
I don't remember it that way. No....how? How could I have done that? But... Niles... he just died right in front of me as I was thinking it.
I completely had forgotten of those two boys. But now....
It has to be just a coincidence...right? Yes. Power like that...it doesn't exist and honestly, that kind of power seems evil to me.
I take in a deep breath, realizing that it's all in my head. There is nothing wrong with me. I was lucky that Niles had a heart attack. He was older anyway so it makes sense.
My eyes roam the ceiling.
"Wait, why am I here?"
I am home, in my room. I now hear the TV on in the living room.
I get up and walk out of my room.
"Lauren?"
"Oh, you are awake!" She and James get up and quickly surround me with their arms open.
**
After a few seconds, I move away from their hug.
"How am I here?"
"Well, some of the Alpha's men brought you here. After what happened, he thought it would be best if you returned home. Your punishment is over." "Oh...but...what happened?"
"You don't remember?"
"I do but I mean, what happened after I blacked out?"
"All we were told was what that scumb bag Niles tried to do and that one of the guards saved you."
"Guards?"
They both nod.
Why would they say that?
So...Alexis did not take the fault?
I panic.
What if they killed him!?
Lauren sees my panic. "Hey, the doctor said you were okay. You...are okay, right?"
Knowing what she is asking, I quickly answer. "Oh! Yes! He didn't do anything to me."
Not that it wasn't a traumatic experience but I am grateful that he didn't get what he wanted. She sighs with relief,
"What happened to the prisoners?" I ask.
"That is a good question. There is no one in the cells anymore." James says,*
"What?!" I panic again.
Oh, my goddess! Did they kill them?!
"Yeah, no one knows what is going on. The Alpha family has been really hush-hush today." James says.
"How long have I been out?!" I walk to my room as I ask this question and put on my sneakers.
"It's around seven at night now? You've been out since two in the morning. That is when it all happened." I walk out of the door.
"Wait! Where are you going?" They shout after me, I run to the pack house.
I don't care, I am not going to let Alexis and all the guys take the blame for me. Let them kill me if they want to.
I see a lot of people up and around which is not normal for this hour. I quickly enter the kitchen and see that everyone is busy cooking a feast just like for the festival which is also unusual. Matilda spots me and quickly makes her way to me.
"Little lady, I am so glad you are okay. We heard what happened."
"Thank you but I need to see them!" I say rushing past her and towards the doors that lead to the dining room. "What are you doing?! It's a private dinner! Not even Gammas are allowed!"
She tries to stop me but I push forward. I fly through the doors.
Matilda was right. There is a dinner on the way but this doesn't register until I blabber my mouth out.
"It wasn't him!" I shout the moment I see the Alpha sitting at the end of the table.
Everyone is shocked and confused.
"W-what is the meaning of this?!" He asks.
I open my mouth but I quickly close it back when Alexis turns around in his chair and he looks very much alive and well. He has a nice suit on and he looks very clean. I can see his scars more now and I almost don't recognize him but I do. There is such familiarity to his face.
He looks very surprised to see me too.
Dash and the others are also at the table having dinner and they also look taken aback by my sudden outburst.
"What is your problem!? This is a private dinner!" The Luna shouts.
"Is she crazy?" Bryn asks in a mocking tone.
"I'll handle her." Ezra says and now is when I notice his presence. The whole Alpha family is here along with some of the Betas too. Ezra takes me by the arm and pulls me out. He walks through the kitchen and then we walk out to the back where he finally lets me go. "What the hell are you doing?!" He asks.
I......I am confused." I say.
"Yeah, no shit! You just got out of the dungeon and you want to go back?"
"No. Of course not."
"Then don't give my mother reason to put you back in there." He says.
He is right. She will find any excuse to do something to me. And Alexis looked like he was completely fine. This confuses me because just yesterday he was d*rty, n*ked, and hurt.
I look back at Ezra who now stares me up and down but not in a s**ual way. More like he was examining me.
"I'm glad he's dead." He whispers. It is so low that I feel like I almost imagined it. "I'd kill him myself if he made me feel that kind of pain." He mutters.
As much as I would want Ezra to feel the pain of betrayal like he makes me feel almost every day, I am glad Niles didn't get what he wanted. Uhm... so why are those men there at the table? They were prisoners yesterday." "None of your business." He barks out.
Of course...
I look around and notice that things are being arranged as if there is a festival about to happen again. "What is going on?"
"A celebration," he says as he turns around and walks away. "Stay away from my mother's radar."
"That would be easier if you weren't such a d**k. I mean, it's always your fault I get in trouble anyway." I whisper but he hears it because he turns around with his eyes narrowed at me.
I quickly turn around and rush away before he decides to do something. There is no shame in being a coward sometimes.
###Chapter 9
Within a few minutes, I make it back home.
"Where did you go? Lauren asks with concern.
"Uhm what is this celebration about?" I ask.
"Oh, we don't know. But we are all instructed to attend."
I stare at her clothes now noticing that she is wearing a dress.
"It should start in an hour. Why don't you get ready, if you feel up to it."
"It's tonight?"
"Yeah, you don't have to come if you don't feel good." James says,
Lauren suddenly giggles. "Come...that's what she said."
James laughs and I just roll my eyes. It's not even funny.
"I am sure you have a free pass today. You just woke up," he says.
"Uh...no, it's okay. I'll get ready."
I take a shower and then I stand in front of my clothes rack.
"I have nothing to wear, I mumble.
"I know." Lauren says from behind as she puts a dress on my bed. "Here. You can have it."
"This is one of yours."
"Yeah, but It's okay. It doesn't fit me anymore."Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I smile. "Okay. Thank you."
It is a light blue dress. Old but in good condition. It has a lot of small pink flower prints on it. It has buttons on the front that go from the n*eck to the hem that stops at the middle of my thighs so it opens like a jacket would. The shoulders have that old-style bowl shape but not the big ones like in the Victorian era. It's more like a nineties dress. I then put black flats on and comb my wet hair, then scrunch it with my hands so that the curls don't break and turn to frizzy strands.
I look in the mirror and take a deep breath as I start thinking to myself.
Keep your head down and don't do or say anything stupid. Avoid Ezra and the Luna. In fact, avoid the Alpha family.
Taking another deep breath, I leave my room.
After we are all ready, we head to the celebration.
People are talking. Everyone is confused as to why the Alpha is holding a celebration so suddenly.
"Something good must have happened," James says.
"I do hope so...cause to think that we could be home getting it one right now instead of here..." Lauren says. "Eww! Stop it!"
James laughs. He is not bothered by the way she talks but I am! She doesn't have to say everything she thinks.
I stay close to them but move away so I don't have to hear the things she says. She seems a bit more needy than usual.
For a while, while they talk, I am deep in thought thinking about what happened with Niles. I am forcing myself to act like I am okay but that was a traumatizing experience. I have been hurt and bullied but I have never been s**ually assaulted. I feel disgusted that he touched me like that.
I force myself out of those thoughts and turn around to scan the area. None of the Alpha family is here yet and I don't see Alexis anywhere either, that is assuming that he is free to walk around. I have no idea what is going on with him and the others.
I suddenly spot Dash, behind the stage. I have never run so fast before. I get to him in a matter of seconds.
"Dash!" I tap his back.
He turns around and gives me a big smile. "Curls!"
"What is going on?!"
"Whoa there. No hello?"
I narrow my eyes at him. "Hello. What is happening? Why are you...like this?"
I look at his clothes. He wears a long-sleeved white dress shirt, like the one a man would wear inside a suit with dress pants and dress shoes. He is clean and now I can see his face much better. He is a really cute guy. Has a couple of scars around his n*eck and face but not like Alexis.
"You'll see, Curls." He looks at my dress. "You are looking cute."
"Stop it. Where is Alexis? What is going on with him?"
He chuckles. "Tired of me already?"
He leans in with a smile and whispers in my car. "You will see."
I lean back and face him with squinted eyes. I am now completely immune to his charms and I am glad.
He starts laughing when he sees my expression. He then sighs as his eyes go behind me but then smiles at me. "Oh, how I wish you were my mate. You are a cute sweet little thing. I'd never mistreat you."
I am a bit shocked that he says this. He goes past me and I turn around to watch him leave but that is when I spot Ezra standing behind me. Dash gives him a smirk while Ezra gives him a murderous glare. Wait...does he know it is Ezra who is my mate? I sigh. He must have figured it out when Ezra was the one who took me out of the dining room earlier.
I turn around to go back to my sister but really I am just trying to run away. Ezra however has other plans. He holds my shoulder and I have to turn to see what he wants. "Yeah?"
"Don't talk to him again," he says.
"No. F**k off. I'll do whatever the hell I want!"
"Don't f**king talk to me like that!"
"I'll talk to you however the hell I want. Go ahead, strike me!" I stand defyingly but he does nothing.
I turn around and I can literally hear him grinding his teeth but I ignore him and continue to walk away back to Lauren and James feeling very good.
Who the hell does he think he is? Asshole. He has no right to tell me that.
As I make my way back to Lauren and James, I pass by a cluster of trees and shrubs.
I am suddenly pulled behind these trees. Before I can throw a punch, I see Alexis's stand in front of my clothes rack.
"I have nothing to wear," I mumble.
"I know," Lauren says from behind as she puts a dress on my bed. "Here. You can have
it."
"This is one of yours."
"Yeah, but It's okay. It doesn't fit me anymore."
I smile. "Okay. Thank you."
It is a light blue dress. Old but in good condition. It has a lot of small pink flower face.
"Alexis!"
"Shh!" He says.
"What are you doing?"
"Hiding."
My face rests with an expression of stupidity.
"That is not what I am asking," I tell him.
"You really were going to give yourself up for me?" He asks.
"Huh?"
"When you crashed the ..."Uhm...well...yeah. I thought they were going to hurt you or worse. But I see now that you are completely fine."
He crosses his arms and looks pensive.
"So...what happened? Why are you...like this?" I look him up and down.
The man looks great in a suit. As if it was made just for him. I look up at his face and now that he is so close, I am a bit surprised. He is a very handsome man even with that scar on his cheek and eye. But what really gets me are his eyes. They are beautiful. If I am honest, reminds me a bit of Ezra. I hate to admit it but Ezra does have beautiful green eyes too. "Oh, I see. You still want that kiss." He suddenly says.
"What?!" I ask coming out of my trance. I lean back noticing now that I was leaning in, to get a good look at his eyes.
"I'll k*ss you right here if you want?" He says.
"Wh-wh-what?!" I sound like a damn cartoon with my stuttering.
"Wh-why? Why do you say these things?"
"I guess... 'cause I like you."
He says.
"Do you have a damn filter for your mouth and thoughts? Do you say everything that comes to your mind? You are not supposed to say that!" I say.
Now he's the one who's confused. "Why should I hide it?"
"I-I don't know."
"Are you saying that you don't want me to k*ss you?"
Damn. I don't know what to say. I do like him a lot.
I look away. "I didn't say that..." I am definitely embarrassed.
"Just say yes or no." He says.
"|-"
He puts a finger over my mouth leaning in and then he puts his hand on the tree behind me, encasing me in.
"Just. Say. Yes. Or. No." He having it. He takes his finger away from my l*ps and puts it under my chin, lifting it up so that my eyes meet his.
I can't say the words. They will not leave my l*ps. So, I subtly nod.
He leans in. My eyes start to close but then he goes past my l*ps and his l*ps touch my cheek. After the small k*ss, he leans into my ear.
"It's not fair if you don't know the whole truth." He whispers.
"The...truth?" I move my head away just a bit. "What is the truth?"
He smiles and pulls back.
"You'll see."
I am so tired of hearing that.
He fixes the buttons on the wrist of his suit as he looks towards the celebration.
"The announcement is starting soon so I should get back." He looks back at me. "I still owe you that k*ss. A real one."
I get flustered and look away.
"You owe me nothing."
I can't look at him but I think I hear him smirk. "I will taste those l*ps when the time is right." He whispers.
I look up at him with shock but he is already walking away.
My heart pounds. No man has ever acted like he wanted me and Niles does not count.
He only looked at me in a lustful way. Alexis however, I can see that he sees me and not just a walking vagina with legs.
I go back to Lauren and James. They continue talking with pack members while I start to fantasize about Alexis. I can't help my wondering mind. Finally, thirty minutes later the Alpha arrives with his family.
I also see Alexis behind the Alpha. He is with Dash and the other two and they all walk up to the stage.
Dash spots me immediately and with his fingers, he makes a gun sign as if he is shooting it at me and winks.
This gets the attention of a few of the pack members who look back at me.
Damn it Dash.
My face is a statue. I don't react.
Alexis notices Dash and his eyes go to me. I feel like I am crazy when I swear I see the corner of his mouth go up but I think maybe I just imagined it because he is quickly back to his stoic self. The Alpha steps forward with a huge smile. In fact,
they all seem very happy.
The Luna claps, smiling like I haven't seen her do in a long time. Kacey seems very excited which is unlike him especially when there is a festival that he has to attend as the next in line to be Alpha.
The Alpha pats Alexis' shoulder as he starts to talk to the audience.
"A joyous day! The moon goddess has shined upon us! Today, we celebrate and this is a sign that we are in her good graces!" eyes water. "Our son, Colt, unbeknown to us, did not die all those nine years ago. And now here he stands."
He pulls Alexis by the shoulder to stand by him.
For a few seconds, I can't react.
Uhm...what?...wait...wait... I almost have a heart attack as I gasp because now suddenly, I see it. This is why I felt like I knew him, his face was so familiar to me but since he was supposed to be dead, my mind did not realize. He looks different time I saw him too but... it is him. Those damn green eyes! How could I not recognize him?
OH...MY...GODDESS!
I can't believe it. What is happening?! This...this can't be true. Alexis is... Colt!?
No!...but...it is him. I can see it now. How?! How could I not see it?!
With eyes that are almost as big as two chocolate chip cookies, I look at Lauren who turns to me with eyes just as big.
I can see the Alpha's mouth moving but I have lost all sense of hearing. The reason why this is so choking is because I......I wanted him to k*ss me and to do so much more! He offered to k*ss me! What the hell?!
Wait...grrr! Was he playing around?! It was all just a big joke! Wasnt it?!... Was it?
And why is it that that is what I am thinking about?
News that the son's Alpha didn't die at all and all I can think about is how I feel so attracted to him.
I don't know how to feel right now. I am angry but also a bit sad. I liked the man who I thought was Alexis...but he is Colt now and with that name comes a lot of bad memories. I just don't know how I feel about that. "Are you...okay?" Lauren asks me.
Huh?"
"Your mouth is completely opened." She pushes my jaw up to close my mouth.
"Oh, yeah...yeah. I'm fine...I think."
"Wait, this was the guy that was with you down there?" James asks.
I nod.
"I guess he really changed if you didn't recognize him, it's been nine years and he looks different even now in this light," he says.
I nod again. It seems it is all I can do.
There are so many questions in my head right now.
I look back up at the stage where the Alpha continues to talk and now I try to focus a bit.
"When the Dark Fang attacked them, they took a few men as prisoners. We had no knowledge of this. This is how they have been growing their numbers."
There are still so many questions about this. Why did Alex- I mean Colt not say anything sooner? Why did he spend so much time in the dungeon? He even got tortured and took it. What is going on?
###Chapter 10
I watch as the Alpha talks but I am still in my own head.
What is going to happen now? Now that he is back. Will Colt be the one now to be Alpha next?
I look at Kaecy and I know he would have no problem with that. You can even see it. He claps with a huge smile and-for the first time in nine years-looks relieved. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Colt has not said a word. He is quiet and has that serious expression he always carries. I can't decipher what he is thinking but this is not the Colt I remember from my childhood. This is also another reason why I didn't recognize him. He is different but I am guessing that whatever he went through must have had a hand in that.
The celebration continues once the Alpha is done with the announcement. Many pack members make their way to Colt to talk to him and tell him how happy they are that he is back but not me. I watch Lauren and James do the same as the others but I stay back because I can't face him now knowing that he is Colt.
I am so angry at myself and embarrassed that I was lusting for him. That I told him that I wanted him to kiss me. I feel so stupid. It almost feels like a prank he would pull back in the day. He was playing with me this whole time...they all were, weren't they? Ugh! I don't want to be here at all anymore. No one will care if I am not here.
I turn around and walk towards the forest.
"Where are you going, Curls?" Dash suddenly says walking over to me.
I stop but before I turn to Dash, my thoughts go to the fact that he and the others knew. They knew and they all lied to me. This is why I don't trust, I can't trust. I am always taken for a fool.
Anger now leads in me and I slowly turn to him.
Dash immediately notices the change in my mood and for some reason, he takes a step back as if I could actually hurt him.
"You! You don't talk to me! You liar!" I shout at him. "You all are a bunch of liars! Men like you all, all they dos lief I don't want to talk to or see any of you again!"
He puts his hands up. "I am sorry Curls. we didn't mean to lie and to be honest, it wasn't really a lie."
Omitting information is still lying. I hate people that lie. Then again, my anger is leading right now so might be acting a bit childish.
I turn around and whisper. "I'm warning you. Leave. Me. Be."
I almost feel feral and I am sure that warning came from my wolf. She is just as pissed as I am.
He doesn't say another thing and just watches me leave.
I enter the forest and start walking but soon my walk turns into a run. I make it to the house but I dono Instead, I take my clothes off and fold them, leaving them on the porch. I feel a sense of relief that now I don't have to look over my shoulder and worry about Niles. I don't feel sorry for what happened to him at all. He deserved it.
I shift and start running.
This is the only time I feel all my problems disappear. When I give my wolf control. I can easily take Cotronl back but most of the time I don't. We take turns and I let her have her moment first. Once she is tired, she'll give me back control and I will have my fun. I can't communicate with her but I can feel how she feels just like she can feel how I feel. Even though I have been treated not so nicely for so long, I can't say that I have felt alone, at least not since I turned eighteen and had her. I might not be able to talk to her but I have felt her there always. The last couple of years we have been through things together and maybe it was because of her that when Ezra turned out to be my mate, I was hopeful. Because she hadn't experienced what I had experienced growing up but she got a taste of it and now, we are one and the same when it comes to Ezra.
I hate thinking about him but I do. He is my mate whether I like it or not. I wish he would reject me so we can be done with this. Doesn't he want to find a mate, someone he wants? Why keep going at this for so long? He could have any she-wolf he wants in the pack. Why won't he just choose someone? Why does he have to be so cruel? What have I done to him that is this horrible?
As I am alone with my thoughts and enjoying the solitude of the night and forest, I don't notice that hours pass. The moon passes over me, stars shift and the night gets colder. I hear owls and all manners of night creatures roam the forest. To me, these are peaceful sounds.
It must be way over midnight but I know Lauren and James are not worried about me. That's why I left my clothes on the porch. They'll see it and know I went out to run for the night. When Niles was still alive, I did not stay long but I am not afraid anymore. I can enjoy the solitude of the night without fear. At least that's what I thought.
I turn around feeling something but there is nothing there.
Maybe a coyote?
I ignore the feeling and I stride a few more feet until I find a stream where I take a drink from. Again, I feel someone behind me. I turn but there is no one and I do not hear anything. I'd be really concerned if I was at the edge of the forest where our pack ends but I am not. I am still close to home and we live close to the pack house. This still does not ease my nervousness.
Also if we were being attacked, we would know. Our borders are well guarded.
I decide that maybe I should head back home so I start to stride only to stop because this time I did hear something in the shadows. I give my wolf control so that she can assess the situation. Her instincts are much better than mine in this form. She watches the dark corners and whatever or whoever this is, is circling us.
I know what is happening here. I am being stalked. This has to be a pack member...right? Maybe their wolf is playing with me like a predator does with its prey. If that is the case, then I shouldn't really worry. Maybe it's even Ezra f**king with me. I realize how wrong I am when a big dark wolf that I do not recognize walks out of the shadows.
I immediately panic and choke but not my wolf. She instantly takes off running and the big wolf gives chase. I might not be strong in any way like my pack members, but I am fast. I have always prided myself on that. I am small and fast. But this wolf is catching up on me. He is big and also has speed. I know now that this has to be a Beta or an Alpha.
It doesn't matter who it is, I don't want to stop because whoever this is, it is their wolf in control and our wolves are unpredictable. If it is pissed, it can hurt us and this wolf chasing us does not look very happy.
We don't have much choice but to stop when I feel a huge weight on my back. It slams me to the ground. My wolf turns around and starts trying to bite the huge wolf but the other wolf immediately clenches its jaws to our n*eck, holding us down but not piercing our skin. He growls and his jaw squeezes, showing dominance. My wolf stops fighting and now stays still, showing submission. She knows we are not strong enough to fight this huge wolf.
The big wolf slowly loosens his jaw and backs away. I immediately know that it is Colt. He has a scar on his eyes that even in his werewolf form can be noticed. Feeling just a bit relaxed, my wolf gives me back control and I shift.
I kneel and stay kneeling to cover myself. Colt's eyes roam my whole b*dy and then he takes a step back and also shifts my breath. "Why...are you chasing me like this?" I ask him keeping my tone calm but trying to catch.
He also kneels in front of me but does very little to cover himself. Obviously, he doesn't care. "You ran and I gave chase. Instinct," he says.
I guess that makes sense for our kind. My wolf shouldn't have run like prey.
I look away and stay silent because I don't know what to say to him. Knowing who he really is makes me feel...small. "You left early, Dash told me what you said. The guy is soft so he was a bit upset."
I give him a nod but I don't speak.
"You are not going to talk to me? Are you that angry?" he asks.
"I was...am, but..." I look up at him. "I...I just can't talk to you."
"Why?"
"Because...you are Colt."
"I was always Colt."
"Not to me. You were Alexis. Someone new who knew nothing of me. But you are really Colt...a bully,"
"I am not a bully."
I narrow my eyes at him and now I am surprised that he starts looking a bit guilty.
"Anymore," he adds. "I was a boy back then. Boy's do stupid things."
"You are still that same bo-"
His hand reaches my n*eck. "I am not," he says but he is not rough, instead, he is gentle and his hand does not squeeze but caresses. He leans into me until his nose touches mine.
"I am not the same Colt you knew." he whispers.
My l*ps quiver. I don't know what to say now.
"I am sorry for what I did to you back then and I will never do anything like that again."
I get the courage to look up into his eyes and I am surprised to see so much sincerity in them but I still stay silent.
"Even knowing that we could kill you back in the cells, that we were dangerous, you showed us kindness. When you were told to hurt me, you rather be hurt yourself instead of hurting me. Where I was for the last nine years, there was none of that kindness and even when we returned here, we weren't shown any either. But you did. Cass, you are a rare gem in a sea of stones. And this has nothing to do with your ability." "Ability...?" That is where he loses me because it confuses me but he continues. "...and I still owe you a k*ss."
He pushes me back to the ground. "I-I.." I am nervous as I try to speak because he has so much intent behind his eyes. "I-I have a mate," I say. "I know," he says as he slowly crawls his way over me. His eyes look at every inch of my b*dy that is now exposed. "It's- it's your brother."
"I know." Now he is over me. An elbow on the side next to my head to support him and his other hand is now on my chin. He holds it and makes me stare at him.
Now I don't know what to say. If that doesn't stop him, then nothing else I say will. I know maybe I should be the one to stop but...my b*dy doesn't want to.
He comes close and his breath is now on my l*ps.
"You...you don't care?" I whisper.
"No," he whispers back. "I don't care. My brothers are not children so they should know better and I have seen the way he makes you hurt. He doesn't deserve you. If he doesn't want you, then I'll steal you away."
###Chapter 11
Colt nuzzles my nose slightly.
"He should know better than to mistreat his goddess-given mate. What he is doing to you, is unforgivable." He says in a soft voice. "C-Colt."
"Yeah?" He whispers. His warm breath tickles my l*ps.
I just called his name because I was nervous and now I don't know what to say. But it did stall him just a bit. "What-what are you doing?"
I ask him.
He smiles. A real smile. I haven't seen him really smile. "Kissing you." He whispers.
He knows that is not what I meant but before I can say anything else to distract him, his l*ps touch mine and I lose all my senses. All I can think about is how soft and warm his l*ps are. They feel amazing on mine. I completely give in. I can't fight it. I don't want to fight it. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. His b*dy crashes on me. It is warm and encompasses my whole smaller b*dy. I feel him completely. I have never felt a man's b*dy like this. Warm, firm, and soft at the same time. His hand caresses my shoulder and slides down until it cups my bare breast. All manner of feelings rise inside of me and my b*dy starts to burn. His l*ps start to travel to my n*eck and the k*sses stun me. It feels so good that I don't want to move because I don't want the k*sses to end.
His hands then start traveling down. He caresses my waist and it is fire. My insides turn to mush and I feel wetness between my legs. His hands now keep going down and when I realize what he is about to do, I snap out of it.
I close my legs and slightly push his shoulder away.
"Stop." I whisper.
He backs up and looks at me.
I shake my head. "No more."
He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, and nods.
I sit up while he backs away and I quickly cover myself.
"I already saw everything."
He gives me a cheeky smile.
"Shut up." I say shyly.
I can't even look at him in the eyes.
I glance at him and he stares. Doesn't say a thing.
"Why do you do that?"
"Do what?"
"Just...stare at me."
"Isn't that something people do when they enjoy what they see?" He looks me up and down again.
"Colt...what happened to you?" I ask ignoring what he just said.
"Hmh?" He asks.
"What happened to you? You...you've changed. And don't you have a mate? What happened to Skye...did she not..." I don't want to finish that sentence. I don't want to hurt him.
"I don't have a mate anymore." He says.
This makes me sad for him.
"I'm sorry."
He puts a hand up telling me that he doesn't want to talk about it.
I nod. "We don't have to talk about that but you do have to tell me, why did you wait so long to tell your father that you were alive? We were in the cells for a few days and you were tortured. Why wait?"
He sighs and nods. "I didn't know where I was until I learned your name...look, I will tell you everything. But not now. It's not the place and time." He gets up and holds his hand out for me.
It takes me a few seconds of staring at it but I take it and he pulls me up only to be pulled in close to him. He grabs my chin and lifts it up while his other hand holds me in a hug.
"I'll be gentle now and patient but, you'll be mine.
He softly says and then k*sses me.
It is quick but he leaves me with my head spinning.
"Go back home. Don't stay out here too long." He says leaving me in a stupified state.
I am shocked at how he can just k*ss me in that way and say something like that. That I'll be his? He has to be joking, right? I am sure this guy is going to be the Alpha of this pack. Why would he ever want...no, he doesn't want me like that. He just wants my b*dy. That's it. He wants to use me and when he is done with me, he will just throw me away.
How am I supposed to think differently when this is all I have known from this pack?
I am so stupid because, for a few seconds there, I really thought he was being genuine. Dumb idiot!
I hate that I let him touch me like that. My eyes widen and I gasp remembering something.
"Oh, Shit! Ezra! He must have felt that!" I start running back home but then suddenly stop. "What am I doing? Why should I even care? He has done worse so, why should I be concerned? In fact...good. Now he gets a taste of his own medicine." Taking my time now, I stride my way back home with a smile.
That night I slept well but I woke up a few times with dreams of Colt k*ssing me. I felt stupid.
Lauren and I start our day and head to the fields behind the pack house to begin our work.
"You stayed up late lastnight." Lauren says.
"Yeah, it's cause Niles is-well...not bothering me anymore."
She smiles. "I am glad that you don't have to feel like you need to watch your back anymore. At least not from him."
I also smile and nod.
"Also, it's good you didn't come home early 'cause I was horny! And James really let me have it!"
"Eww! What is wrong with you?! You don't have to tell me these things!"
She starts laughing.
"It's not funny. Keep it to yourself self you perverted woman!"
She laughs so loud that even birds get startled and fly away from the trees.
"I need to talk to you!" Ezra suddenly comes out of the house enraged.
Lauren looks at me scared but I smile and nod at her to go ahead.
"Are you sure?" She mouths out and I nod again.
"What the hell did you do!?"
He points at my face once he is close.
"Oh, you didn't like the taste of your own medicine?"
His eyes flare. "Who? Who the hell was it?"
"Did you cry?" I ask him.
"What?"
"Did you teared up when you felt it?"
"NO!" He shouts.
"It hurt though." I try not to smile but it is really hard.
His jaw clenches and he grinds his teeth.
"Gosh, I remember the first time I felt it. I almost felt like
I would die. Not anymore though. I am too used to it. Sucks for you though...cause you are not used to it at all."
The first time I felt like I was dying and I wished it at the moment. I am sure it was the same for him. And to think that this was just a k*ss.
"You are telling me right now who it was?!" He says.
"Am I?"
"YES!" He shouts.
I look around at the people walking around us. "Be careful now. If you scream too loud, people might start talking."
He snarls. "Do you really believe that anyone would think that you and I are mates?" He smirks. "They'd sooner believe that I am mated to the damn old cook than your sorry ass. No one wants you and I sure as hell don't either." I smile. "Well, someone clearly does want me."
His face changes from a smug expression to one of a crazed person.
I've never felt this kind of power before. It feels like I have complete power over him...and I like it.
As I smile, I glance at the house and see Colt staring out the window. He has a cup of what I assume is coffee and sips on it watching me and Ezra.
I choke under his gaze.
"Gotta get to work. Bye!" I turn round without a second thought and almost run back to the fields leaving Ezra with his anger.
"What was that about?"
Lauren asks.
I smile. "Nothing. Don't worry."
"Oh, I worry alright. Cass, you are not an angel. I know that most of the time you get in trouble is not really your fault but you have a temper, sweety. And that gets you in trouble all the time." "It's okay, Lauren. I promise I am fine."
Humming, I start watering the fields and gardens of vegetables. I don't think I have ever felt this content before.
Not even thirty minutes in, Lauren and I are interrupted.
"Cass?"
I turn to see Molly. One of the stuck-up Gamma girls.
She stares at me almost like she has a bad taste in her mouth after saying my name.
"Yeah?" I ask.
"The Alpha wants to see you."
"EH! Me?!"
"Yes." She says and walks away.
"Shit..."
"G-Go!" Lauren says.
"But-"
"Just go! It's the Alpha."
Lauren says.
I nod and quickly follow the girl.
What the hell did I do now?
She goes up the stairs that lead to the kitchen and then she strides inside and heads to the dining room. Many stare at me as I walk past the table and follow Molly.
I have been inside the pack house many times but only a handful of times past the dining room.
This place is decorated in a fancy way. I have no other way of describing it because I am not a fancy person and I have no taste in these things whatsoever.
Molly continues down a hall and then stops in front of a door that leads to the Alpha's office where she knocks.
"Come in." The Alpha says.
She walks in and there are a few other Omega workers in here as well which confuses me. The Alph stands behind his desk and Colt stands next to him. I immediately feel his eyes on me but for the life of me, I will not look at him. "Perfect. Take a seat." The Alpha says to me.
I am a bit scared here. I have never been treated like this in here. I have only been here a handful of times before for punishment.
I do as he says and sit.
"As I was saying. We want to try something different. My son here believes that everyone should have a choice when it comes to the work they wish to do.
"This is all Colt's idea and I have to be honest, I don't agree with these methods but-" He stops talking and looks at us. "He wants tointegrate the Omegas with some of the work that the Gammas do. You will all be working in the pack house from now on and we will see how this turns out."
Damn it. Why? Why all of a sudden they are shaking things up? And why me?
This is bad for me. I am SO going to get in trouble. Uh! And does this mean that I will have to see Ezra more?
My eyes accidentally go to Colt and that was a bad idea. My thoughts go back to last night as he intently stares at me.
Shit. I will also have to see him too.
"Molly here will assign you to your new roles. Please follow her."
The girl Molly turns and walks out. She clearly hates this job.
I sigh and follow her along with the rest.
###Chapter 12
Colt's
POV.
I watch Cass leave the office.
My stomach turns when she is near. I can't believe this girl gives me butterflies when I see her. F**king
butterflies!
"That's done but what are you up to? And why?" My father asks taking me out of my thoughts. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."You know why, and also I want to see how well can the pack adapt to change."
"Mh....and that girl? Are you sure?" He asks.
I nod. "I want her close.
"Son, I don't understand your need for this woman. You are doing all this just to have her close?"
"...Yes."
"But you won't tell me why she is so important to you."
I stay quiet. I have told him almost everything but this, this I keep to myself.
Besides the damn butterflies she keeps giving me, she has something else that I am interested in too.
"Hmh. You could have your pick of the pack." he says.
"And I did pick. I want her."
"Okay, but then what is the need for all of this? You can just take her if you want her. No need to play games or wait."
"No. I want her to want me too. I want a genuine bond. Not one based on her being forced and hating me for it."
He shakes his head. "You are to be Alpha, no she-wolf in the pack would pass that opportunity. She won't hate you."
I almost laugh because of how much he doesn't know her. "Oh yes, she would. She is different than all the other women in the pack. She doesn't like being told what to do."
"That can be easily corrected." he says.
"Why would I do that? I like that about her. She has a will of her own. A defiant little minx who will not just follow the herd like a sheep."
"Alright, fine. I don't really care if I am honest. All I care about is you taking over. An Alpha is born, a Luna can learn her duties." He then mutters. "Thank the goddess you are back. Your brother was never cut out for this."
"And I will succeed you... if I get what I want." I say.
He nods. "You will get what you want. Your mother won't like it though. Not that girl."
I couldn't care less but I don't say it.
Mother has always had it in for Cass but it is our fault.
Mine and my siblings. We targeted her over the years. She fought back and got in trouble because of this.
I hope she can forgive me. I know that I wasn't as bad as my brothers but I am not without fault. I realize the part I played in this but I will never hurt her again. It takes a man with an ego to fall hard into darkness to see the value of a good woman. And I see it, Cass. I see you.
Dad puts a hand on my shoulder, startling me from my thoughts and I almost jump.
"You are home, son. You are safe. You don't have to live in fear anymore."
Fear? Maybe not fear but hatred is another thing. I hate HIM. I hate them all.
Now that I am free, they will pay for these nine years of torment.
I stare out of the window as I think of her.
Cass... Casseopea...
That power she has will be detrimental to HIM. I want her, that is no lie. Even before I knew of her power I wanted her. The kindness she showed us...I was blind to her beauty all those years ago. To be honest, if it wasn't for what I went through these nine years, I would not be able to appreciate a beauty like hers. She is a rare kind of woman.
The moment I left that torturing room, I knew I wanted her but now that I know about her power, I NEED her by my side. She will be the one who turns the tide. They will all pay.
"I'll be back. Your mom needs me." Dad says looking at his phone and walking out.
As Dad walks out, Kaecy pops his head into the office from the door.
"Hey, meet us in the game room in a few minutes." he says.
"For what?" I ask.
"Just come."
I give him a nod. "Alright."
As he leaves, I stand there looking out of the window.
Nothing has changed here.
It's like everyone is stuck playing their parts. I need to change that. They need to be more aware of the enemy.
"Hey, what you up to?" Dash walks into the office taking me out of my thoughts. I watch him sit on one of the chairs and rest his feet on the coffee table. "You're getting comfortable,'
I mutter.
"Haven't been this relaxed in years," he replies.
"I know what you mean but-
"Hey! Where is Cass?"
I narrow my eyes at him. "Why?"
"Just wanted to talk to her. Did you find her yesterday?"
"Yeah...I did."
"Was she really angry?"
"She was...but I made it...better." I have to steer clear of the thoughts that want to surface.
"YOU made it better?"
"Yes."
He squints his eyes. "How?"
"You want sweet details of our lovemaking?"
"Oh shut the hell up. You are lying. Curls wouldn't have." He says.
I laugh. "And you know her that well just by the time we spent down there together?"
"Yeah. I'm good at reading people. And that's a good girl."
That makes me like her even more.
I let my thoughts win and think about last night. How her b*dy felt and reacted to my touch. "Mh..."
Dash shifts uncomfortably in his spot. "What are you moaning about, f**ker?"
"Nothing."
He squints his eyes. "What did you do?"
"Nothing." I say again.
"You know what? It doesn't matter. It's not like she can't take care of herself. You f**k with her, you are the one that is risking it."
He looks up thinking. "Do you really believe she is-
"Yeah. Let's not talk about that here." I quickly say.
Dad is not stupid. He knows there is more to the story. I don't think he has anyone watching us but you never know. I rather be careful. "It's crazy though. When we weren't looking-"
"I know. Now stop."
"Fine, fine..." He leans his head back but then bobs it back up again. "Hey, that sister of yours is a b*tch."
"Yeah...I know."
"She treats people like they are the dirt under her shoe and she thinks she is a jewel that walks upon this earth."
"Yeah...she took after my mother."
"Oh...damn. That's sad."
"My whole family is sad. A sad excuse for an Alpha family." I mutter.
"Aint that a bit harsh?"
"No, but I'm not going to lie, I was part of the problem too. I used to be just like all of them. Entitled. Thought that I was better than others.
If I can take anything good from what happened to me...us, it is that it opened my eyes."
He nods. "Yeah. I am not the same person I was before I got there either."
"It changed us all." I whisper.
"Speaking of all, aren't these two f**kers supposed to leave any minute now?"
I nod. "Yeah. We should go see them off."
We get up and head out to the front of the house.
Quinn and Petter are getting ready to head home to their packs.
"There you two are. Come to be sappy and say your goodbyes?" Quin asks.
Dash gives him a soft punch on the shoulder. "Don't start with that shit man. Emotions are normal."
"You homo sapien," Quin says.
Dash's face crinkles
"Homosepien?"
"Well yeah. I don't want to be offensive to Petter here so I add the "sapien" part." Quin explains.
"F**ker! I don't pitch for the same team!" Petter shouts.
Dash, Quin, and I laugh.
"Little b*tchass," Petter mutters under his breath.
Dash sighs. "I'm going to miss you guys."
"Yeah. We've been through a lot together." Peter says.
"Again, you guys are-" We interrupt Quinn before he can finish the sentence.
"Shut up!" We all say at the same time making him laugh.
I put a hand on each of their shoulders. "Take care. You guys are like my brothers." I lean in. "And remember
what I said."
Quin nods. "Yeah. We won't tell anyone. You know you can trust us."
I nod. I know they won't say anything. This benefits us all.
I watch them get in the car and leave.
I nod at her. "It's good to be back.
"
She giggles and I am confused because I have not given her cause for it.
"I remember when you used to practice in the fields. But you've changed. You look much different now." She says.
"Ah, Bryn's friend?" I ask.
She nods with a smile. "You remember me!"
I don't remember her at all.
All I remember was my sister having a tiny girl follow her.
"I'm really going to miss them." Dash mumbles.
"I know. Me too."
"Well, I'm off to cause some mischief with the ladies of the pack." He walks away laughing and all I can do is shake my head.
I walk back inside only to be stopped by someone.
"Hi, Alpha. I am so glad you are back."
The girl that stands in front of me has blond wavy hair and green eyes. She looks just a bit familiar everywhere.
"Colt, there you are." Mother walks down the stairs.
The girl gives me a nod and rushes away.
"We haven't had some time together my dear boy." She cups my face with her hands and pulls me down, then k*sses me on the cheek. "Sorry. Dad has been occupying my time." I tell her.
I am really glad to see them all but if I am honest, I almost feel numb to them.
There is no happiness in me that comes from seeing them. I don't know why but...it is like I don't have any feelings.
"I know. I just had a word with him. You just got home. He can't work you like this without you getting some good rest. I won't have it."
She pulls me into a hug and for the first time, I feel her frailness. Or maybe it's because I have grown. I am much bigger than when I was last here.
"I am going to have the cooks cook your favorite meals all week."
She gives me a big smile and heads off to the kitchen.
Even seeing her smile and watching how happy she was didn't do anything to make me feel.
I sigh and decide to head to the game room.
"Let's see what they want."
To my surprise, as I walk through the hall, the one I encounter is Cass. She stands in front of the billiard room doors which is what we call the game room.
I stand here for a few seconds watching her. She is unaware that she is being watched by me.
Thoughts of last night invade my mind again as it has been happening all day and last night after I came back. This girl has no idea of the power she can hold over any man. Underneath that bitterness she holds, there is beauty, inside and out.
I am also taken by the fact that I somehow feel. When I am with her, when I think about her...I don't feel numb anymore. I feel warmth...like I am alive. I haven't felt like that in a long time. This girl is special in so many ways but mostly...she is special to me. This girl deserves a good life. A good mate. I am going to make her mine.
###Chapter 13
"Uh! How the hell is this so much better? Dusting? DUSTING! How is this better?"
Molly-who has been leading me to the billiard room-because apparently, the pack house has a billiard room-finally stops in front of double doors. Everyone else got better and real jobs than this. "You will start here. Dust everything especially things that are on the wall and shelves. Then continue to the other rooms in this hallway. Don't break anything." she says. "That's it?"
"Yeah." She turns around and leaves.
I look at the duster in my hands.
"This is so stupid," I mutter. "At least out in the gardens, my work mattered. It benefits the pack. This...this is stupid work.
"So you don't like it?"
squeeze my eyes close and sigh before turning around and facing Colt whose voice I recognize.
"I haven't even started but no, I don't think I like it." I tell him.
He has his hands in his pocket while looking at me.
"Give it a chance. This will benefit many. Some people are stuck doing jobs they don't like and I want to change that." He says which surprises me.
"You...want to change things?"
He nods. "This pack is divided and I think it's the reason we can't move forward. If we want to defeat the Dark Fang Pack one day, we need to change things here." "....People say that our pack and the Dark Fang pack are similar and that is why we are both feared."
"No. In no way has my father been running this pack right but it does not compare. Our pack is feared because we have been fighting them for so long and have been able to match them in battle but the way we run or pack is completely different. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Trust me..." He stops talking and looks distant as if he is remembering things.
"Well if you want the pack to unite, you can start by how the Omegas are treated.
Most of us don't feel like we are part of the pack." I tell him.
That gets him out of that sudden freeze.
"Exactly!" He says. "That's why I want to integrate them with the Gammas and the Betas but it has to be one foot at a time. I don't want to do things like my father has. I am by no means a reasonable or better man but I want the pack to feel like a pack should. I want them to follow me out of loyalty and not fear."
I stare at him at this moment with admiration. He wants to do things differently and I really hope he can.
I nod. "I get it now. So you need to start slowly...but-" I stop, looking at the duster, and then mutter. "I still don't like this stupid job."
I don't know why I forget that this man is the next to be Alpha and I keep talking as if I am familiar with him.
"Mh, I have another job that you might be more interested in." His eyes roam my body. "But it requires you to be on your knees."
"My knees?" I don't know why I am so stupid that at first, it doesn't register what he is insinuating. I might be a virgin but I am not an idiot. I know things-mostly thanks to Lauren-but for some reason, I feel dumb when I am with him.
I narrow my eyes at him when the thought invades my mind.
He smiles, winks, and whispers. "Just a fun thought."
I can't say anything because...well...what the hell am I supposed to say to that?
Yes, please? The thought of those words comes from my
intrusive thoughts. I almost bite my lips in fear that I will say them.
AH! What am I thinking?! Yesterday I was trying to convince myself to not like the guy but how couldn't I?
As I am fighting my mind, his arm goes past me and he opens the double doors that are behind me. He walks past me and his big body covers the room from my view as he goes in until he moves to the side where there is a small liquor bar. There is a big billiard table in the middle of the room, a bar to the right side wall, and tables with chairs on the left side wall.
I had never seen this room before. What really gets my attention though are the people in here. All three of Colt's brothers-including Ezra-and also his sister.
Ezra-who was bending down over the billiard table ready to hit one of the balls- now straightens up and stares at me with wide eyes.
"There he is. Time to celebrate." Kaecy says.
"Celebrate? Is that why you all called me here?" Colt holds the glass that is now full of alcohol and sips on it.
"We needed our own reunion away from Mom and Dad. We wanted to celebrate that you are back and play like old times." Kaecy says.
Bryn now notices me as I walk in. "What are you doing here?"
I lift the duster up. "Dusting." I purposely put on an unhappy face and glance at Colt who smiles at me.
I immediately go to the wall where there are shelves with placks and trophies.
This doesn't even look like it needs dusting but I have to act like I am doing something. So I start dusting.
"I can't believe it, man. To think that you are back." Kaecy pats Colt's shoulder. "I thought...I had accepted that you were gone..." He almost chokes on his words.
Kaecy has always been one who followed and admired his older brother. He took it hard when they all thought Colt had died.
"But now you are back like old times!"
Colt just stares at him while Kaecy continues to pat his shoulder.
I personally don't think it's like old times. I can see now that Colt has really changed. He is a different person.
"How did you find yourself back here? And why now?" Ezra asks giving his attention to the pool table and the billiard balls.
"I thought you guys wanted to celebrate, not interrogate me."
"Of course!" Kaecy says.
"This is to celebrate. He already had this conversation with Dad. I am sure he is tired of it."
"Yeah...I guess." Ezra mutters.
"You don't sound too excited to have me here," Colt says.
"Not at all. It is a miracle to have you back." Ezra replies.
"Well, my friends are excited to see you," Bryn says to Colt. "You remember Stacy my best friend?" Colt nods.
"Well, she's always been fond of you. She's very excited that you are back."
Colt looks out of the window and looks really bored with this topic now. Almost looks like he is irritated.
"I mean now that you don't have a mate, you will be choosing one, right?" She says.
"Geez Bryn. The man just got back. Let him be with this whole mate thing." Kacey says.
"Yeah, you sound as pushy as mom." Miles-Bryn's twin-mutters. He has been quiet playing with Ezra at the billiard table.
"Besides, I am sure your friend has a mate somewhere." Ezra finally talks.
"You know, wouldn't it be best for us to choose who we want as our mates?" Bryn starts to say. "I mean, what if I get settled with one of those lowly Omegas? Do you know how embarrassing that would be? Uh! I rather die." "Your mate is goddess-given." Colt suddenly say.
"Betraying a good mate is the most disgusting thing you could ever do no matter their status."
At first, I thought that he was talking about Ezra but when I look at him, he seems distant again. As if his mind is somewhere else but there is anger in his expression.
He looks at Bryn. "You are a child, Bryn. You have clearly not experienced anything about the real world."
The room grows silent. The air has shifted and it seems that winter has come early because this place seems cold now.
I have not seen him like this.
He has been different with me. Not once has he been this cold towards me. This is a side to him that I had not seen but he seems much more mature than anyone in this room right now.
No one says a thing and the silence is a killer. I decide not to do the rest of the room and act like I finished, quickly scurrying out of the freezing room.
I make my way to the next room and continue my duties while still thinking about their conversation.
I am glad Colt said what he said but he looked so pissed. Clearly, his sister's comment had an impact on him and it had nothing to do with me and Ezra. Damnit! This is a creepy damn room!
I stand on a small step later dusting a room with dead animal busts everywhere. Taxidermy. Deers, hogs, bulls! Why kill all these animals just to display them?
I stare into the dead deer's eyes which I am sure are fake eyes because I mean, I assume eyes can't be preserved.
Mh...or maybe they died of natural causes? I know nothing of this so my thoughts are now consumed by these questions.
"What are you doing, Angel?"
Colt's voice comes from behind me.
I am startled by the way he talks to me and what he calls me. I slowly turn my head and squint at him.
He chuckles.
I think he likes it when I do that. I am pretty sure he finds my reaction amusing.
"I am still dusting because this house has never-ending insignificant crap everywhere."
He laughs and I am taken by surprise. It is a hearty loud laugh.
"Yeah...laugh it up." I whisper turning back to the dusting.
"I'll be damn if I have to do this every day..."
I am suddenly pulled back and picked up like a princess.
"What are you doing?!" I shout in his arms.
"Take a break. I think you need one."
He walks us over to a table and sits me on a chair. He then goes to the side where there is a cabinet and takes out two glasses and a bottle of what I can only assume is an alcoholic beverage. He walks over to the table and places the glasses in front of me then proceeds to fill them up halfway.
He pushes one of the glasses with a yellowish substance in it toward me and then sits on the chair in front of me taking his drink. He stares at me while he waits for me to take mine.
I get close to my drink and smell it. This makes him smile.
"What is it?" I ask.
"Tequila."
I have never tried this. James doesn't know it but I have taken a few of his drinks from his hiding spot without him knowing but never this one.
I take the glass and slowly take a big sip. My eyes almost bulge out of my eye sockets.
Mother f**ker did not warn me!
I gasp at the same time I feel my throat burning and the drink makes its way down to my lungs instead of my stomach. I start coughing and some even comes out of my nose. He pats my back as he hands me a napkin from the table.
"Shit. That was bad." he mutters.
I want to punch him so badly right now.
After a minute or two of nonstop coughing, I finally begin to calm down.
He moves my drink away. "This is not for you."
"On that, we agree." I say trying not to look at him.
"So you don't drink?"
"Not often." I say now sitting straight. He nods.
I get the courage to glance at him and see him staring at my lips.
Oh boy...
###Chapter 14
He stares at my lips. This
makes me nervous. I feel like this is going to be a repeat of last night but we are not in a completely private place so anyone could walk in...then again, we were in the forest last night where anyone could have walked in as well. I need to say something to fill this silence and distract him. "So, you seemed quite irritated with your siblings back there," I say.
He finally looks away from my lips.
"They know nothing of the world. They live in their own bubbles and act like nothing bad can touch them. Naive kids."
"You have been through a lot, haven't you?" I whisper. Quietly, he looks up at me and nods. He looks so vulnerable right now.
"And what you said about mates..." He looks down so I stop from finishing my question.
His hands go through his hair and then he looks up at me again.
"I told my father and everyone here that Skye died at the rade. But that was a lie. She was taken prisoner just like me." I stay quiet as he starts to tell me what happened.
"Warrick...Alpha of the Dark Fang Pack..."
Warrick? That's his name? I don't think I have ever heard it. "He has these groups of women, three. They are all his mates. He offers them riches and an easy life. I can't say if they all have been willing but...Skye was." I hold my gasp. "Why would she...she left you for him? But...you two seemed so happy."
"I thought we were too but she only wanted me for what I could offer. In her own words, she said she didn't want to be with me anymore because now I was a prisoner, I could offer her nothing. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. I was pathetic and had no power. I promised her that we would get out. That I had a plan but...she refused. She was drawn in by the power that Warren dangled in front of her. I know that she was also hurt and was not treated well but she never got the worst of it, I did, I shielded her from it all and then she threw me away. The mate bond...our soul connection was nothing to her."
"No...she broke the bond?" I am in shock as he nods.
"Yes."
"I...How could she? Breaking the bond while you were officially mated could have killed you! Why?... How could she?"
He seems to relax a little as he thinks. "Why? Same reason my brother betrays you, they are scum. People who don't deserve the gift of a mate."
I feel so bad but I don't think it's the same as me and Ezra.
It must have been worse for him because he was already mated to her.
"Did she...reject you?"
He closes his eyes. "She did but I was the one who didn't want to accept it. Not for a while."
It was different. Ezra didn't reject me because he wanted to torment me while Colt wanted to hold on to the one he loved. Very different.
I feel so bad. "I...I'm so sorry, Colt...but, why are you telling me this? Why... me?"
"Because you are different than anyone else in this damn pack." His whole demeanor has changed. He looks, irritated and I am starting to think that this is really him. He is angry but he shows a different person when he is in public. I feel like we are very much alike. "Do you know what happens when a mate accepts the mark of another while already mated?" He asks. His jaw clenches and his fingers tighten around the glass he has in his hands.
My eyes widen and I shake my head. "Is that...even possible?"
He nods. "It is. It's a temporary mark but it was agony for me."
I can't believe someone would do that. Especially if they were already mated. I remember them together. They seemed so happy.
He looks at his glass.
"My soul died that day. I hate her. I hate her with all of my being for the pain she caused me. I hate them all, Cass." He looks at me and shakes his head. "I won't lie to you, I want revenge. I want them all dead."
He means every single word that comes out of his mouth. It scares me but somehow, I can't blame him.
This intensity in him scares me. I can feel the anger in him. But I hate the silence more.
"How did you escape, Colt?" I ask also changing the subject from his mate.
He takes his glass to his lips and drinks all of the content in it, then, takes the bottle of alcohol and pours more into his glass, filling it completely to the brim.
"We didn't. It was luck. We were really captured by my own pack. But for years, me and the boys had been planning of ways to get out and how to get back at Warrick. We knew it wasn't going to be easy but we didn't lose hope. It was all we had to keep us alive." "Wait, you never tried to escape?"
"Of course I did. Once, and it was when I first got captured."
"What happened?"
"It was a group of us and it was too easy, I knew it was too easy." He pauses with a pained expression as he re-lives the memory. "Now I know that it was on purpose. They let all new recruits-as they call those they freshly capture- make a run for it and when they capture them, they show them what is done to those that try to leave."
"What did they-"
"They chained one of the men in the group that tried to escape and then...they dumped hot liquid silver on him."
I cover my mouth in horror.
"He didn't die. Lived for another year. They kept him and those like him to be used as an example in full display in the middle of the encampment field. They suffered horribly."
This Alpha is a monster.
"This..." I don't know what to say. "He's...horrible."
"Mh..." He leans back on his chair looking past me out of the window and takes a sip of his drink.
"He is a man with ambition and a man like him with the kind of ambition he has and the power that he wields, is the devil." "What is his plan?"
"I am guessing that he wants to take over all the packs. Be the one ruler. He is mad and will destroy anyone that gets in his way." This scares me and he can see it.
He leans in and holds my hand. "I will stop him. WE will stop him. I want this fight to end. It is about time someone put a stop to him." "So you have a plan?"
He nods. "But nothing you have to worry about now. Don't you have more dusting to do?"
I narrow my eyes at him and he smiles. It is a tender smile that really makes my heart beat faster.
"Well...yes I do and I'd probably be done if you wouldn't have distracted me."
"Ah, so I am a distraction?" I get up and take my duster from the table. "Never said it was in a good way."
I walk towards the door but he calls for me.
"Cass."
I turn around and wait for him to talk.
"There is a lot that I have to tell you. Things that concern you. But...I don't think now is the right time. Forgive me. I will tell you when the time is right."
I am very surprised by this because what in the world could it be? What does he know about me that I don't know? And why? How?
He stares at me waiting for a reaction or an answer.
I stay silent, searching for a response. He has confided in me today. He has told me things that he has not told others. So...I am going to choose to trust him.
I nod. "It's okay."
I turn to leave but he speaks again.
"Oh, and one more thing."
"Yeah?" I turn back to him.
"Be ready soon. You are going to be my Luna."
"What?!" I blurt out.
He turns around and stares out the window again while enjoying his drink. "You heard me."
I stand there stunned. He's not serious. He can't be. No.
He's messing around. He has to be.
"Colt..." I call for him but he doesn't turn.
"Go finish your duties, Angel." He says in a soft tone but he continues to stare out the window as he finishes his drink.
I shake my head and leave the room but I decide that I am done with this dusting crap. I don't think anyone is going to notice if the curtains are dusted or not. I walk out to the hall and head to the dining room. Before going in, I peek inside and see that it is empty. I then make my way to the kitchen and outside where I take a huge breath of fresh air and welcome the sun on my skin.
I felt a bit stuffed while I was in there. I see Lauren in the distance and walk to her.
"Hey, where have you been?"
She asks.
"Uh! They had me dusting inside the pack house."
"Dusting? Why?"
"Well, Colt wants to try something new with the Omegas and Gammas."
She stares at me with confusion. "...Colt?"
"Yeah. Why do you look at me like that?"
"Cause you do not call anyone on the Alpha or Beta families by their name other than Ezra or Bryn but it's because you like to piss them off."
"I-I don't do it on purpose.'
"Oh yes, you do."
I look up, thinking and maybe she is right. It does piss Bryn off that I don't call her Alpha like I do with Kaecy and Miles and I do enjoy it when she is pissed. I shrug my shoulders but she ignores me now looking at the distance past the field of crops. "What is happening there?"
I look in the direction she stares and I see Dash and Ezra having a heated conversation.
"Oh oh..."
I look around and no one else has noticed them.
Lauren and I walk closer.
The closer we get the more we hear them shout and now we sprint towards them.
"Because it's none of your damn business! I'll do whatever the fvck I want and talk to whoever the fvck I want!" Dash shouts.
"I don't give a shit that you are my brother's friend! Touch her again and I will rip you apart!"
"Touch her?! What the fvck are you talking about?!" Dash asks confused.
"You know damn well!" Ezra says.
Oh shit...oh shit...
"Then you are f*cking crazy if you think I put my hands on her but why does it even matter. You don't want her!"
Ezra grabs him by the shirt and they both start to show signs of their wolf coming to the surface.
"Stop!" I shout. "It-it wasn't him!"
I grab their attention and they both look at me.
"I know it was him!" Ezra growls.
I shake my head. "It wasn't!"
Dash looks at Ezra and then at me and suddenly, something seems to click in his head.
Dash grabs Ezra's hands and he pulls himself off his grip.
"Don't you f**king touch me again," Dash says. "You have no idea the things that I have done and what I am capable of." He lets Ezra go and walks away from him.
As he walks past me, he gives me a side smile and whispers. "I have a bone to pick with your little lover."
My eyes widen knowing that he is talking about Colt. He figured it out fast but I also quickly look at Ezra afraid that he heard him. However, he is too distracted by his own anger, cursing Dash out.
Once Dash is behind me, Ezra now zones in on me. I can feel the anger oozing from him.
"You..." His hands turn into fists but then he forces himself to loosen them again. He grinds his teeth as he looks at me and then just growls and walks away cursing.
"Do you...care to explain?" Lauren suddenly asks. I completely had forgotten that she was even here.
I give her an awkward smile. "Hehehe...no." I quickly walk away but she follows.
"Cass!"
I walk fast back to the field but she is not letting it go.
"Cass."
"Ay! Fine! Come here." She gets really close.
"So...well, someone kissed me and well Ezra felt it and that was it."
She gasps. "WHO! WHO
WAS IT! I MUST KNOW
NOW!"
I start laughing. "Seriously?!"
"This is the juiciest gossip so yes! Seriously! And also...serves him right. I hope he felt it in his core! But seriously, who was it?
Was it that guy?"
She points to where Dash left.
I shake my head. "No."
"Then who-wait...wait..."
My eyes widen. She couldn't have figured it out!
"Wait a godang minuet!" She says and then stares at me without saying anything. I am sure I look stupid right now with the way I am looking at her.
###Chapter 15
Lauren gets close and narrows her eyes. "It...it wasn't Colt, was it?"
I can't help my eyes widen.
"Hehehe...no,
no..."
She gasps knowing I am lying through my teeth.
"Spill it! Now!"
"Nope! I have stuff to dust!" I run away.
"Yeah, the Alphas mouth apparently!" she shouts.
I gasp and turn around.
"SHUT UP STUID!" I whisper in a growl.
"You are going to tell me everything!" She shouts.
Nope.
I turn back around and run back into the house but I have no intention to go dusting anything again. Instead, I go hide in one of the closets for another half an hour but the whole time all I can think is about Colt. The things that he says to me, the way he treats me now, the way his l*ps taste, and the way he touches me.
This goes on all day until I finally go home where...my thoughts are also still consumed by him that night and I can barely sleep.
I wake up very early feeling more tired than usual. The sun has barely come up. I get ready as I always do but Lauren and James seem to be much more chatier than usual. I hear them in the living room and it annoys me.
When I come out, I almost fl*p over when I see Colt sitting on the sofa, having coffee while they all talk.
"What the hell?"
"Good morning, Angel," Colt says with a smile.
He did not just say that in front of Lauren and James!
My face heats up and I am sure it turns all shades of red.
Lauren and James look at each other with confusion.
But soon a stupid smile plants itself on Lauren's face while James still looks just confused. I am sure Lauren has not told him anything.
Lauren doesn't tell him about my private stuff and that is why I trust her so much.
I turn around and walk right back to my room.
"Cass. Come on. Don't be a child. We all need to talk."
Lauren says.
"We do?" I shout from my room.
"Yes. It's important."
With a sigh, I walk back to the living room.
"Come, sit."
"No."
She grunts.
"Okay, fine. So..." She looks at James and then looks at me.
"Well..."
"Lauren, spit it out," I say, annoyed.
"We are pregnant!" James blurts out.
"...What?"
"James!" Lauren hits his arm.
He has a huge smile unable to contain himself.
"You are!?"
She smiles and nods.
Wait! That's why she gave me the dress! She said it didn't fit her anymore.
I smile and quickly hug them.
I am so glad! They have been trying for so long!
"How far along?" I ask.
"I am four months now.'
I gasp.
"And you didn't tell me!?'
"We wanted to make sure that everything would be okay." She says and then looks at James as if she figured something out.
"Maybe this is why I've been so horny."
I gasp. "Shut up! You can't say stuff like that in front of guests! Or even me!" I look at Colt who almost laughs but then goes back to his straight face.
After the excitement is gone, I look at Colt again. "But why are you here?"
He looks at Lauren.
James is the one who talks. "Well, we came to him and the Alpha about building an extra room here. I have been saving up and finally have enough. But Alpha Colt here came up with another idea." "What idea?" I look at him.
"Well.." Colt starts to speak. "A baby can be expensive. So I told them that there is no need for that, you are moving to the pack house so that they don't have to spend money on another room and instead use it for the baby. It is done. I have your room ready." He says so nonchalantly.
My eyes start squinting but this time there is a twitch in my right eye.
"And what in the world ever made you think that I would ever want to stay in the pack house?!"
"Doesn't matter. Fact is, this house is too small for all of you." He says.
"Cass, you don't have to. We are not in any way throwing you out. Our plan was to expand the house. We never thought about moving you out." Lauren says.
Colt shakes his head. "It was all my idea but you know it makes sense. Why spend so much money on a room when you can use that money for other things that you really will need especially with a baby on the way." He looks away as he takes a sip of his coffee and then mutters.Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. "Besides, I was going to move you eventually anyway." I squint my eyes and I swear that this is going to be the default setting on which I always look at him. "You what?"
"Mh." He takes another sip of his coffee without responding as if he didn't hear me. "This is good coffee."
I know it does make sense but I hate it. I don't really want to live in the pack house. It's going to be a living hell for me.
"Cass, stay. We want you here." Lauren says and James nods.
I sigh. I know they don't really have a lot of money.
"It's okay. I'll try it."
"Are you sure?!" She asks, surprised.
"Yeah, besides, I have some time before the baby comes, right?"
As I say this, I see Colt putting the coffee mug on the table, then getting up he says "Nope."
Suddenly, he picks me up and puts me over his shoulder.
"Are you crazy?!" I shout.
"Oh my!" Lauren gets up.
He starts walking towards the door as he carries me but before going out, he turns back to Lauren.
"And congratulations. I see how Cass turned out with you basically raising her, you are going to be great parents." He says. "Uhm...thank you, Alpha."
She says.
I hold on to him. He is so much taller than me so I am afraid that I am going to fall.
"Kiss a*s! What are you doing?!" I shout.
"Taking you home." He says.
"NO, you are not! Are you crazy?! Someone is going to see us. Ezra is going to see us!"
"No, he won't. It's too early and none of my family except for my father wakes up this early."
"Then he will see us!"
"He doesn't care."
"You planned all this you asshole."
"Mh...that mouth of yours-"
"It's going to get me in trouble? I know, I know." I say with a mocking voice and rolling my eyes though he can't see me. I have heard this same thing from Lauren many times before.
"No. I love that mouth of yours." He corrects me.
He really shut me up there. He is also right about no one seeing us. There is barely anyone around. I see a few people in the distance starting their day but no one notices us. He goes into the pack house through the front door instead of the back kitchen door. There is not a soul in sight. The house is still a bit dark as he goes up the stairs.
"Do you really have to carry me like this?"
"Will you not run away?"
"Yes, yes I would."
He laughs. "You are too honest."
"And you know that that is what I would do. So no point hiding it."
He reaches the top of the stairs and walks down a hall.
"Why are you doing this anyway? I really don't get you, Colt."
"I already told you, you are going to be my Luna."
"That joke is getting stale."
"Not joking."
I sigh as he stops in front of a door.
"Home sweet home. This is your new room." He opens the door and once inside, he swings the door close with his leg and then finally places me on the ground.
The first thing I want to do is to give him a piece of my mind but I am stunned by the room.
"This...is huge..."
"You like it?"
"Uhm...yeah but...it's a bit too much."
"Nah, it's perfect."
It is a traditional light decor style. It feels cozy but clean.
"The bathroom is right there." He points to a door on the left and then he points to another door on the right that is closer to me. "That is the closet."
I open the door and turn on the light. I see a big fancy walking closet but it is half empty. The other half has clothes already.
"Uhm...whose are these?" I ask as I pull one of the clothes out. It is a man's suit.
"Mine." He says.
My eyes widen and my head slowly turns to him. "This...is your room?!"
"Yep, and yours too.
I stare at him for a few seconds still as a statue.
"...Nope. Not doing it."
I walk out of the closet but he grabs my hand and pulls me in a hug, chuckling.
"You can't make me stay here, Colt."
"I am not. All that talk was bullshit. You don't have to move in now. You can leave but, just stay for a little while."
He picks me up and within seconds lies me on the bed.
"Colt-"
"Just stay with me. It's still early. We can nap for a little while."
He lies next to me with his arm around me and his face on the pillow facing me.
"What are you doing? You say these confusing things and act in confusing ways. Why do all this?" I ask him.
"Cass, I already told you. I want you. I am not lying. I am not playing games. I want you to be my
Luna...my mate."
"You...can't be serious..."
He lifts his head up and looks me straight in the eyes.
"I am."
"But...but...why?"
He sighs. "I am tired of repeating myself, Cass. So listen up. For the last time, you are different. I want someone good in my life.
Someone genuine. You are perfect."
"Perfect? Okay, now I know you are lying or just playing games.
He stops, closes his eyes, and looks to the side with a pained expression. He then looks at me again. "I... I am so sorry, Cass. I am so sorry that we did this to you. That we made you think this way.
That we made you think that you are not good enough."
I don't know what to say.
He moves my hair from my face. "I couldn't see it befor all those years ago but I do now. I see you." He lifts my chin up to make me look straight at him. "I. See. You, Cass. And you are perfect. Don't ever let anyone make you feel any less."
Unbeknown to me, my eyes water. I feel this pain lift from me with the realization that he is right. The way I think about myself is because of all these other people. I put myself down. I disrespect myself every time I speak negatively of myself. They put this way of thinking in my own head and I let it happen.
My poor soul. I have torn it down. But here this man is making me see this. Helping me see this.
I feel him wiping a tear from my face. I look into his eyes with all manner of feelings swelling up inside of me.
I feel my l*ps get dry, my heart beats fast in my chest and that is when I pull his shirt and k*ss him. Without hesitation, he k*sses me back but I am surprised by my own impulse. I feel desperate and I don't want the k*ss to end. Still pulling his shirt, I hold on to him and continue k*ssing him with desperation. He suddenly smiles while his l*ps are still on mine.
"You like me too." he says smiling.
I feel my cheeks burn and I pull away just a bit.
I can feel my face burning and I don't know where to look, certainly not into his eyes or I will combust.
"Goddess you are beautiful." He whispers.
I want to argue that but he stares at me with too much intensity so I don't.
"Perfect skin..." He caresses my cheeks. "Luscious l*ps..." His finger softly traces my l*ps. "Beautiful dark eyes."
He looks down at my body and gives a low lustful sigh. "I want you." He whispers.
Right now, I want him too especially when he acts like this. I love seeing him in this lustful way. But I am not giving in that easily. I still don't completely trust him.
"Well, you can't have me," I say.
He looks up into my eyes almost with a squint and then his eyes land on my l*ps again. "Can I have your l*ps at least?"
Before I can even respond, he is already k*ssing me.
###Chapter 16
"Colt-" I try to speak but he won't let me. He bites my bottom l*p and I almost moan.
His hand goes inside my shirt and he caresses my stomach. I do nothing to stop it. I like his touch. I like the rough prickles of his stubble against my skin as he k*sses me. He moves to my n*eck and it feels even better.
I slightly moan unable to keep it in. His hand starts going down my stomach and then down my waist. This time, it is really hard to stop him. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I suddenly feel pressure on my crotch area when his hand touches me and a pleasurable sensation shoots up my inside and stomach. I immediately moan and he grunts still k*ssing my n*eck. "D-don't." I finally say.
He pulls his hand back just a bit. "Don't you want to try?"
I do but I am not sure if I should.
"Uhm...I don't know...I don't want it to go too far." I say.
"I won't." He k*sses me again and now his hands start to go down. This time I make no attempt to stop him.
His hand touches me again. It is over my clothes but it still makes me feel so good.
I moan. I've never heard myself sound like this before. I would be embarrassed if I wasn't more focused on the sensations that my b*dy is feeling.
"Moan for me, Angel," he whispers in my ear. "Let me hear the beautiful raw melody."
My left hand clutches his shoulder while my right grabs the back of his head and takes his hair in a fist.
"Mh!"
"Just like that," he whispers, his hand rubbing circles in that sensitive area between my legs.
He sounds almost desperate too.
"Uh! Mh!"
"Mhh..." he softly moans.
When he is not whispering in my ear, he is staring at my face. watching my every expression.
"You look f**king gorgeous right now."
I feel him grinding on my thigh and he is hard.
Something else I have never felt before.
"Come for me, Angel, Cass. I want you to come for me."
I don't know if that is what is happening right now but I can't think anymore. My nails claw at him and suddenly...a knock comes on his door. They are fast and aggressive nocks. "F**king shit!" he growls out.
"No." I whimper when he gets off of me.
"Sorry baby." He gives me a quick k*ss before walking towards the door. "I'll be right back."
"But..." I try to complain but he is already opening the door and quickly goes out.
Whoever is at the door can't see me because he covers me with his b*dy as he walks out.
I caress my b*dy, yearning for his touch. I touch my breasts and my other hand rubs my pants right where he was touching me but it is not the same. I want him. I want his warmth, his touch.
My breasts are hard and my insides burn.
stop when I realize that am feeling desperate. I know I am not thinking straight.
I sigh staring at the ceiling. I close my eyes and all I can think about is him, his hands, his l*ps, his warmth, his touch...everything.
What is he doing to me?
"Colt Beaufort...what are you doing to me?" I whisper to the empty room.
Coming down from that rush, I start to feel tired. I pull the blanket over me and lie on my side looking towards the window. My eyes close and I start to drift off to sleep but then I suddenly feel arms wrapping around my b*dy from behind me.
I almost panic but one look at the scarred arms and I know it is Colt. My natural instinct would be to get up and pull away because this feels like we have gotten too familiar with each other, too close. I feel my defences coming down with him and it scares me so naturally I want to pull away but I can't. I like this feeling.
He sighs. "F**king stupid interruptions."
"What happened?" I ask him.
"It was my mother. She didn't know what to do with Ezra."
"Ezra?" I ask.
...He woke up screaming."
My eyes widen and I look back at him.
"It was us?" I ask but I already know it was.
He nods.
I look down as guilt starts to set in.
"Don't you dare feel bad for him," he says. "Not once did he ever feel bad for you. So don't you dare feel bad for him."
I turn around and look up at him. "I...I can't help it."
He hugs me tight and then whispers in my ear. "I know. That's what makes you so beautiful. You care even when you know you shouldn't."
He nuzzles into my hair taking a deep breath. I close my eyes as those high levels of melatonin start to set in and soon, we are both peacefully sleeping.
I wake up an hour later when Colt stirs next to me. I sit up and look at him. His face is squinted as if he was in pain.
He shakes his head and moans but they seem to me like moans of pain.
"Colt?" I touch his cheek and he quickly opens his eyes and intercepts my hand with his.
The fear and anger in his eyes take me by surprise.
The moment his eyes focus, his eyes soften and he pulls me into a hug.
"Are you...okay?" I whisper.
"Yeah. Just a bad dream."
I close my eyes and hug him back. It seems he needs it.
"Can I just work in the fields today, please?" I ask him.
He gives a laugh. "Yeah. If that is what you want, I am not going to make you do something else."
I smile. "Thank you and I probably should go now."
"Mhg...a few more minutes." He says and holds me tighter.
I relax under his hug and wait.
After almost ten minutes, I finally try to move. "I have to go."
"Mhg, fine...or... you can shower with me."
"Shower?"
"Yeah." He gets up, finally letting me go. "Take a shower with me."
"No."
"Why?"
I get up and fix my clothes. "Because that requires for us to be n*ked together."
"So? I've seen you n*ked
already." He takes his shirt off as he says this.
I do not look away. It is impossible to not want to stare at his muscular b*dy.
"S-sure but that n*kedness will lead to other things."
He laughs as if he is not surprised because he knows that already.
I walk towards the door but within seconds he has me by the waist.
"At least give me a k*ss before you leave," he says.
I turn around to face him.
He holds my chin up and I close my eyes, k*ssing him. Does he truly want me?
There is no way of me knowing this but I can see what is in front of me. The way he treats me. And I like it. Even if this doesn't last, atleast it is happening and I want to live in the moment.
I k*ss him back with all the passion I have to give. I want him. I truly do. Yes, I am still scared but I want to experience this. I want to experience something good in my life for once.
"Mh." He moans as we end the k*ss. "You are mine now.
Remember that, Angel."
I am not going to answer that. I turn but before I leave again he holds me and this time he whispers in my ear.
"I'll make you come next time."
My face burns and I quickly make my way out of his room. As I quickly make my way down the stairs, this time I am not so lucky. There are a lot of people walking about and they do stop to look at me. I sprint out of the house through the front door because I know that the dining room will be full and I don't want anyone else to see me.
I come out and immediately head to the back with the intention of making it to the fields but Ezra is leaning on a tree. He looks at me and stomps his way towards me.
Shit.
"What?" I say as he gets closer. I continue walking trying to go past him but this time he grabs my arm and turns me to face him.
"WHO IS IT?!" he yells at me, his face just inches from my face.
"Let me go!"
He has lost it. I can see it in his eyes. He has gone crazy.
People around us stop and stare.
"WHO IS IT?! TELL ME!"
He squeezes my shoulder to the point where I feel like my arm is going to break and his claws start to dig at my skin.
I immediately lift my other hand and slap him. His grip loses but he still holds on to me and he looks so startled that I did that. "LET. ME. GO!" I warn him.
Immediately his hand pulls away. He looks surprised as if he didn't mean to do that.
"Who...THE F**K DO YOU
THINK YOU ARE!" Putting his hands on me again, he shakes me. He then pulls me and throws me on the ground. I fall sitting down. Pulling my hair back, I take in a deep breath and look up at him. He walks my way as if he was the devil himself. I have never seen him this angry but now I am angry too.
He doesn't want me? Thats fine. He wants to sleep with other women? That's fine, but...he does not get to hurt me like this anymore. I have had enough. Damn the concequences.
I get up and as he makes his way to me, I tackle him. We both fall on the ground and I start punching him. I get two clean hits one at his face and another at his shoulder, until he grabs me by the hair and pulls my head back.
"You crazy b*tch!"
"Crazy?! I'll give you crazy you son of a b*tch!" I shout. I turn my head as much as I can and grab his hand then, I dig my teeth into his flesh.
He screams and lets me go but before I can turn around and start punching him again, he punches my stomach and pushes me. I fall to the ground. It knocks all my air out but I am fine.
In fact, I feel great and I am sure it is the adrenalin running wild through my b*dy. I get to my knees and watch him do the same. "What is wrong with you?!" he shouts.
I don't even answer him.
Instead, I rush him.
"I hate you!" I scream as my fist tries to make its way to his face but he dodges back and throws a punch. It is not hard but it gets me in the mouth. I can feel my bottom l*p has split.
I don't know what the hell has gotten into me but I jump on him and my legs latch onto to his waist, like a kola would hold a tree. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Then I start punching him. I am not even aiming, I just freely punch and hit. He doesn't even try to stop me now. He just holds his hands over his head trying to block the blows. I am pretty sure I am not even doing any damage at this point but it feels damn good. It is like I am letting all of my frustrations out.
###Chapter 17
I continue to release my anger by punching Ezra over and over again even though mostly I am hitting him in the arms because he blocks his face with them. But then I am suddenly pulled from behind by the hair. "Get off of him!" Bryn shouts. She manages to get me off of Ezra. I fall to the ground and then she kicks me on the side of my ribs.
The pain doesn't register at all. I get to my feet and as I am getting up, I put all my weight into my lunge, taking her down with me. We roll on the ground trying to take a bite out of each other. Even though we don't shift, these are definitely our wolves fighting. She gets the upper hand on me and gets on top of me. Bryn lifts her hand up with her claws out and then swipes down at my face. Luckily, she suddenly goes flying back and I do mean flying. It takes a few seconds for her to come back down and hit the floor with a loud thud. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Colt growls at her and Ezra with his fangs and claws out. Ezra quickly helps Bryn up.
She looks hurt but is still fine.
"What are you all doing?!"
The Luna and Alpha run outside.
"Are you crazy?!" Bryn screams at me taking deep breaths.
"Yeah! Apparently, I am!" I scream back as I get up.
"Everyone here is quick to call someone crazy when they lose it but no one takes into consideration how they got to that point! And you two are part of those reasons!" I point at them.
"Shut your mouth, you filthy girl!" The Luna says walking in our direction.
"Let her speak!" Colt growls at her and suddenly takes me in his arms in a hug.
This shuts everyone up, even me. I was not expecting that,not in front of everyone.
The Luna stops in her tracks with wide eyes. The way she was coming my way was the way she always had done when she was about to strike me but Colt's words made her freeze.
The rage inside of me suddenly diminishes when he starts to caress my hair and I am even more stunned now.
The Alpha steps closer but looks calm. "What is happening here?" He asks.
While Bryn starts giving their own version of things, I close my eyes and cling to Colt, feeling a sudden sense of safety. Like nothing bad will happen to me because he won't let it. I have never felt like this before. I don't understand this feeling but...I like it. "What the f**k are you doing?" Ezra suddenly asks staring at us.
Everyone stops talking and they look at us.
"What you should be doing," Colt says without even turning to him. His eyes fixed on me.
"What?"
"You heard me. You are her mate. It should be you doing this. But I'll gladly take over."
"What did he just say?" Bryn asks.
"Get your hands off!" Ezra shouts. "It was...it was you?"
Colt now doesn't say anything but Ezra is livid.
"It...WAS YOU!!" With so much speed, Ezra rushes in our direction.
Colt lets me go and turns to him. It happens so fast that all I see is Ezra flying back with a bloodied face.
There are multiple gasps from everyone who watches.
"Ezra!" Bryn and the Luna rush over to him.
"What did you do?" The Luna screams at Colt.
"He got what he deserved," Colt says and then saunters back to me where he holds me.
"Colt!" The Luna yells.
"I think it would be best to take this inside." The Alpha says, looking around at the spectating pack members. "In a more private area."
"Agree," Colt replies.
"War room," the Alpha says and Colt nods.
Colt takes my hand and takes me towards the pack house leaving the others behind questioning each other.
"Colt, what are you doing?" I whisper.
"It's time, Angel. Don't worry. Everything will be fine. No one will hurt you again."
I don't know how everything is going to be fine but when he says it, I believe it.
We walk past the Alpha's office until we reach a huge room with books and maps everywhere. There is a huge table in the middle that is just as big as the dining room table.
Once there, he closes the door behind him and leads me to the table where he turns around and takes me in another hug. We are completely alone at this moment waiting for the others to arrive. "This is going to just make him angrier."
"Let it. This is about you, not him." He caresses my cheek as he looks into my eyes. "Are you okay?"
Now calm and assessing my b*dy, my ribs hurt but I know I am okay so I nod.
"Good. You don't have to say anything if you don't want to. Let me do the talking." He k*sses my head and then goes to k*ss my l*ps but the door opens and I pull away but Colt won't let me go. He still holds me. They all walk in, talking and asking questions to each other. I can't understand a single thing.
"Enough!" The Alpha shouts. "Someone explain to me what the hell is going on!"
"Gladly," Colt says. "Cass is-"
The door opens, interrupting him.
Kaecy, Miles, and the Beta-Christoph-walk in.
"You called us?" Kaecy asks.
"Yes. Family meeting." the Alpha says.
The three of them look at me with confusion as I am in Colt's arms.
Ezra suddenly grabs our attention when he slams his fists on the table. "Stop holding her like that!"
"No," Colt says in a calm manner.
Ezra growls but the Luna holds his shoulder. "Calm down."
"What the hell is going on?"
Miles mutters.
"As I was saying..." Colt starts again. "Cass here is Ezra's mate."
Well, there it is. It is out of the bag.
The gasps start. Everyone in the room was surprised except for those who knew.
Ezra, Colt, and me.
"That has to be bullshit! He can't be mated to that Runt!"
Bryn spits out.
"Watch your damn mouth!"
Colt growls.
"Is this true?" The Alpha asks Ezra who doesn't answer because all he does is stare at me and Colt with anger.
"It is true." Colt says.
"Then why are you holding her in such a way?" The Alpha asks. "You didn't tell me this before and what is worse is that you knew and you still chose to do this? She is your brother's mate."
"He doesn't want her!" Colt says.
Ezra growls at him.
"Regardless of whether I want her or not, she is mine!"
I explode at those words. "Yours?! Are you f**king kidding me?! From the moment you found out we were mates, you hurt me, slept with women, ridiculed me, belittled me, and treated me like an animal." His face doesn't change. There is not even a twitch on it. I laugh. "You mean I am yours to do exactly that? That is all you want me for. To hurt me."
"Is this true, son? You knew all this time and did all this?"
The Alpha asks Ezra.
"Of course not!" The Luna says. "She has to be lying."
"I am not!" I shout at her.
"Don't you dare talk to me like that!" She shouts back.
"This pack has a problem, and it is you." Colt suddenly says to her.
Her eyes widen. "What?"
"You coddle them. Make them believe that they are above everyone else. And look at them now. All they care about is what people will think of them, material things, and status. That is why he treats her this way. Because to him, she is beneath him."
"You do coddle them too much, Alice." The Alpha says to her.
Colt shakes his head and continues. "People like him and those that would do something like this to their mates do not deserve mates.
HE doesn't deserve her." Colt pulls me closer. "And if he doesn't want her, that is completely fine because I do."
"What is wrong with you?"
Bryn asks. "There are more than a hundred she-wolves in this pack and you choose to have her? Not just a low nob*dy but your brother's mate?" "Bryn, shut the f**k up, you stupid little girl." He says to her.
She looks shocked, I am shocked, we all are but suddenly Miles laughs.
We all look at Miles and he now looks embarrassed.
"Sorry." He says.
The Alpha takes a deep breath and looks at Ezra. "So let me get this straight. You knew she was your mate for how long?"
"Since I turned eighteen," I respond to him because Ezra stays quiet.
The Luna and Bryn quickly look at me with anger. They really don't want me to talk.
The Alpha doesn't seem to mind and continues. "So,
you knew she was your mate for this long, but you didn't want her and you chose to t*****e her instead of just rejecting her?"
"I never said I DIDN'T
WANT HER!" Ezra shouts.
Now I am the one that is confused here.
"She is my mate. I'll want her regardless of how I treat her.
SHE IS MINE and she is mine to do what I want with!"
This pisses me off so much.
"F**K YOU!" I shout.
I start sprinting towards him but Colt immediately grabs me by the waist. "YOU SADISTIC SON OF A
BITCH! You tortured me all these years and and you think that I will ever want someone like you after everything that you did to me? NO! So f**k you! F**k you because now, I am the one who doesn't want you.' "You are MINE!" He shouts again.
"I reject you, Ezra Beaufort. I reject you with ALL OF MY
SOUL! I HATE YOU!"
He suddenly jumps in my direction but Colt immediately pulls me back and grabs him by the throat. He slams Ezra to the ground and squeezes his hand on his throat.
"Colt! Don't!" The Luna shouts.
"Son!" The Alpha shouts.
Colt slowly gets close to Ezra as he loosens his hand. "Try to touch her again, and I will break your neck." He whispers with a growl.
"That's enough, Colt. You've made your point." The Alpha says.
Colt lets him go and backs away but takes me with him further from all of them.
Almost to the end of the long table.
The Luna helps Ezra up but you can tell that she is now angry.
"No. I will not allow this!"
She shouts.
"Allow what, mother? She is mine now." Colt speaks to her but he doesn't take his eyes off me.
"No, you can't have her. I forbid it! Neither of you can have her!"
"Yeah?" Colt says. His voice now scares me a little. He looks at them with a few seconds of silence until he speaks. "Well, I dare any of you to try and stop me. Go ahead! Try!"
The silence now stretches.
No one speaks up.
"Enough, enough..." The Alpha says sounding tired.
He paces for a few seconds and then stops. He looks at Ezra. "I do not have the power to make you reject her but if I could, I would. Colt is right. After what you have done, you do not deserve to have her as your mate." "But-" The Luna tries to complain.
"It doesn't matter who she is! If he didn't want to be with her, he should have rejected her from the beginning. Instead, he-" He takes a deep breath. "I have no idea where you learned this shit behavior but it sure as hell wasn't from me! I would never do something like that to your mother!" He looks at Colt looking agitated. "Colt, you'll have no ion from me. Do what you wish."
"What the f**k?!" Ezra shouts. "You are only doing this because you want him to be Alpha! You always favored him!"
The Alpha turns around with a ludicrous stare. "Do not test me, boy! You do not want to be on my bad side. And word of advice, if you don't want to feel what comes next, accept the girl's rejection. Don't say I didn't warn you." His eyes scan them all. "Now leave us!" Ezra is pulled out by Kaecy and the Beta. He doesn't try to stay but he doesn't want to leave either.
The Luna walks close to us and points at me. "I don't know what kind of spell you have over them, you witch!
But I will not stand for this!"
"Enough, Alice," the Alpha says.
"No!" she shouts and walks away slamming the door behind her.
The Alpha-now looking stressed-gives Colt a sideglance.
"He wasn't wrong. I favor you, always have. You were born to be Alpha...so don't make me regret this."
"I have every intention of taking over the pack." Colt says.
The Alpha nods. "Good."
He now looks at me and I freeze.
"Are you ready for this? Being the Luna of a pack this big won't be easy."
Uhm...what? Did I agree to this? I don't remember saying yes but...I never said no either.
Well...shit...
###Chapter 18
"What do you mean?" I ask him as we walk towards the field.
"I know I told you that you didn't have to stay with me but now I think that you should," Colt says.
"No. Why?" As we walk towards Lauren, people around us stare. I am sure gossip has started.
"Because Cass...when Ezra jumped at you in the war room, he was trying to mark you." "What!?"
"And I don't think he is going to stop."
I narrow my eyes at him. "Are you just saying this to get me to stay with you?"
"No. I am not. I am really concerned." I can see it on his face. He is telling the truth.
"What is going on?" Lauren asks walking up to us.
"People are talking about you two."
I sigh. "A lot has happened."
"Cass, I think I have to talk to my dad again. Don't go anywhere by yourself. Stay with your sister until I come back." Colt says.
"Okay, okay. Go." I tell him.
"I mean it, Cass."
I give him an irritated nod. He is fussing a bit too much. After he leaves, I tell Lauren everything that happened.
"What the hell?! Now Ezra wants you?! What a f**king prick!" she says. I nod agreeing with her but she looks at me with concern. "How do you feel about that?" Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. "I feel nothing other than anger. I told you. I have no feelings towards him. No good feelings anyway."
"Are you sure? He is your mate."
"I am sure, Lauren. That ship has sailed. I want nothing with him." "And with Colt?" At that question, I pause. "I don't know."
"You seem comfortable with him right now. "I am...I think I am. I like him but if I am honest, I am afraid. What if he changes his mind, also I still don't understand why is he even interested in me like that. He wasn't before all those years ago." "Well, he had a mate then."
"True..."
As we talk, two girls whispering walk by us staring at me. "Come on. Let's go home where we can talk in private. And I have some things I want to show you." She says looking excited.
When we get home, Lauren immediately gets out something from a bag.
"Tada!"
"Oh! That's so cute! Did you make them?" I ask her. She holds small knitted baby booties.
"Yes! Obviously, we don't know if it's a girl or a boy so I made them in yellow and greens but look how cute
"And what if it's a boy?" I ask.
"James." She says and looks unamused. I laugh even harder now.
"Yeah, I get to push the baby out and he thinks he is going to name it? Nope."
"Name what?" James asks walking in.
"The baby," I say and he smiles.
"Princess and James!" He says with a cheer.
"No! We have not decided on this!" Lauren points a finger at him.
I laugh.
He sprints toward her and picks her up, twirling her around. "We will see about this, boss lady!"
I smile watching them. They are so in love. I always wanted something like they have but my own love story turned out to be a bit different. To have a loving mate is all a werewolf dreams about. My dreams were shattered a long time ago. They start k*ssing and I know that is my queue. I get up and go to my room where I stare at my stuff and debate whether Colt is being too rash. I don't want to leave yet. And even more, I don't want to just stay with him.
We have had a few nice moments but I still don't know the guy.
As I am thinking this, I hear a commotion in the living room. I immediately come out and see Ezra and Kaecy. They both look out of breath.
"I couldn't stop him," Kaecy says.
"Listen to me..." Ezra says.
I back away as he takes a step towards me.
"Stay away," I say.
"Wait. Just, listen. Let me...let me..." We can all tell that he doesn't know what to say.
"What is going on?" James asks, looking at all of us. He is completely lost.
"Alpha Ezra, let's sit and talk,"
Lauren says with a calm voice. She looks at me. "We can do that, right?" I can tell that she is concerned and so am I. If I say no, I feel like he might do something stupid. I nod.
Kaecy holds Ezra's shoulder and takes him to sit next to him. Lauren and James sit on the sofa in front of his and I do the same though I stay at the furthest side. Ezra's eyes are on me like a hawk.
"So, what brings you here, Alpha Ezra?" Lauren asks.
He doesn't say anything and they turned out!" I clap with excitement. "I can't wait till he or she is here! How excited is James?"
"Oh my gosh! He won't stop talking about it. He is already looking for names." I laugh. "What does he have in mind?"
Oh, Goddess! Don't get me started. He wants to name her princess if it's a girl. Like actually name her princess."
I start laughing.
"It's ridiculous!"
###Chapter 19
Ezra starts wheezing. He is unable to breathe because of the pressure of Colt's hand. You can see the veins popping from Colt's arm showing how much force he is using on Ezra. Colt suddenly lifts Ezra up by the scruff. This is no small feet. Ezra is an Alpha male wolf. All Alpha male wolves are big, unlike female Alphas who are normal size for werewolves.
Colt swings Ezra and throws him. Ezra crashes through a set of doors, breaking them.
But as soon as Ezra falls to the ground, he gets right back up and lunges at Colt. Colt lifts his leg up and kicks Ezra right on the chest as Ezra jumps in mid-air towards him. It is with such force that Ezra whines the moment he hits the ground and though he tries to get up, he chooses not to.
"Stay down!" Colt shouts.
Ezra does just that. I am sure he is hurt but he obeys more because of the commanding and seriousness in Colt's tone. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Colt looks at me with frantic eyes. "Are you okay?!"
Feeling exhausted, all I can do is stare at him as I take in deep breaths still in my wolf form.
He picks me up and carries me up the stairs with ease.
He takes me to his room and then his bathroom. He then puts me inside the bathtub and turns on the warm water.
"Shift, baby girl." He says in a soothing tone.
I do as he says.
I whine feeling the pain of my wounds shift from place as my body returns to human form. The moment I have my voice back, I cry. The wounds are deep and really hurt but I will live. It is clear that Ezra was not trying to kill me though he could have even if it was by accident.
"You are staying with me from now on." He says as he starts to clean my body with a small towel.
I am not even going to argue about it. Colt was right. I think it's the best. Seeing
Ezra like this scared me.
After he bathes me, he wraps me up in a towel and then sits me on the bed where he patches my wounds with gauze and tape. By tomorrow it should be much better.
When he is done, he lays me on the bed and covers me with the bed sheets. Then he lies behind me and hugs me.
"Is the door locked?" I ask him.
I am scared that Ezra is going to bust in through.
"Yes," Colt says.
That makes me feel a bit better though it shouldn't.
It's not like a locked door is going to stop a werewolf from breaking it down.
"Don't worry, I am here. And in three days, you won't have to worry about any of it."
"Why is that?"
"In three days I leave for the city. I have business there for a few days and you are coming with me."
"What? The city?"
"Yeah. That's why I was talking to my dad. I knew I couldn't just leave you here with Ezra on the prowl. So I am taking you with me." "I...I've never been to the city."
"Never?" He asks.
I shake my head.
"I rarely ever go out of the pack. James went to the small town once nearby and took me and Lauren with him but that was years ago."
"I guess that you are doing something new with me." As he says this, he cuddles into me. I have to admit, it is odd to see him like this. Sweet and loving. First is that no one has ever treated me like this and second is that since he has been back, all I have seen is what everyone else sees in Colt. A stoic man who does not show much emotion. But when we are like this, alone together, he is so different. I love seeing this side of him and I love that am the only one who sees this side of him.
I turn around and face him. I see him getting close as if he is going to k*ss me but I put a hand on his chest and hold him back.
"You...you really want to be with me?" I ask him.
"Cass, that's what I have been telling you all this time."
"I know but, look, this is hard for me to understand and accept. No one other than
James and Lauren have ever been good to me. No one has ever really wanted me. This is how I grew up and so it is hard for me to accept this."
"I know. If you haven't noticed, I try to be patient." He says and smiles. "The truth of the matter is, I am not going to force you to be with me. I want you and I am going to show you how much. I am not giving up. But I am not going to force you. Cass, I am never going to hurt you in the way Ezra does or the way I have treated you before. I promise you."
"So...you are not playing games with me..." I say.
He leans in pressing his head on my forehead. "No. Never."
He says.
I nod. "Okay. Then, I will...try. I won't push you away anymore."
His mouth curves into a big smile and he goes in for a kiss but I put a finger across his l*p.
"Starting in three days.
"What?" He laughs. "Why three days?"
"Because we are leaving, right?"
"Yes. Early morning in three days."
"If you k*ss me right now, I bet you Ezra is going to bust through those doors."
"Let him."
"No. As much as I dislike him, I am tired of the fighting, and if I am honest...I don't want to hurt anyone even if he does deserve it."
"But you will in three days?" I am the one who laughs now. "Well, I won't have to see what it does to him and at least he can't get to me. It's his own fault anyway. He wouldn't have to feel it if he just accepted the rejection." "Agree." He says and hugs me.
"So I have to endure it till Friday..." He says.
"Hey, I did not say we were going to do anything anyway. Don't get any ideas there either, Sir."
He laughs. "You-in only that towel-give me plenty of ideas. Some require you to have those legs of yours stretch over my shoulders."
F**k! Why does he say things like that?! I hide my face and smack his shoulder. That makes him laugh.
When he says things like this, I imagine them in my head and it makes me... turned on. Werewolves have a keen sense of smell and they can smell that shit.
"I should probably go home and pack," I say trying to change the subject.
"Now?!"
"Well...I have never had to pack like this. I don't have much but I don't know what I'll need. I need to make a list.
He stares at me and I can see that he is about to laugh.
"Okay fine! It's probably my nervousness and anxiety kicking in. It can wait till tomorrow." I admit.
I know it is dumb. Here I am hurt and I am thinking of going home and packing.
He chuckles. "It can wait.
Stay here with me."
I close my eyes and take in a deep breath. "Mh...I do like it here right now."
"Then rest. Let me take care of you now."
I close my eyes for what I think is just a moment but when I open them again, it is dark.
I lift my head up and see that Colt is lying next to me.
"I fell asleep," I mutter.
Colt sirs. "Yeah..." He says with a groggy voice. He lifts his head up and looks at the clock on the end table. "It's almost morning."
"It's morning?" I look at the clock and see that it is five in the morning.
Shit! I was knocked out.
He squeezes me settling back on the pillow but we slept for so long that I am not tired anymore.
I turn around finding a more comfortable position facing him. He opens his eyes and those beautiful green orbs stare at me.
"I wish I could mark you right now." He whispers.
My eyes go round in a wide-eye stare. "You can't."
"I know. I'm saying I wish I could."
That would fix the problem. I probably would let him but it won't. Until Ezra rejects me or accepts my rejection, I can't be anyone else's mate.
The mark he gives me would just be temporary and will just make Ezra even angrier.
Maybe he'll go mad with rage.
This mate bond is such a complicated thing.
He puts his l*ps on the top of my head, nuzzling my hair, and he k*sses.
Then he gets up and starts taking his clothes off.
"Whant to take a shower with me?"
"Nope." I quickly say as he dangles that sausage in my face.
He chuckles and mutters.
"Worth the try..."
"Funny." I say with sarcasm.
When he turns around, I bite my l*ps unable to hide how much I find him attractive and how much I want him.
The man is a peace of art even with all his scars. He is gorgeous.
I feel lucky that this man wants me and it scares me because luck has never been on my side. Deep down, I know I deserve good things and someone like him but my stubborn brain sometimes tells me otherwise.
I wrap myself back up in his sheets feeling lonely now that he is out of my sight but taking in his scent that was left. It makes me feel at peace but still lonely. My eyes open and I look up at the ceiling. Something inside of me snaps. "How stupid can you be?" I say to myself. "Hell yeah, I'm taking a shower with him!"
I get up and walk inside the bathroom which now has steam blurring my vision.
I quickly take my towel off-that I had slept in- and the gauze off from my wound. With speed, I open the door to the shower.
Colt looks back at me with surprise. "You...changed your mind?"
I nod and quickly get in before I change my mind again.
"But you can't touch me," I tell him moving under the water and making him side-step me.
"I can't touch you?" He chuckles from behind me and immediately I feel his hand on my hips. "Colt-"
"Relax. I am just checking your wounds."
"How do they look?" I ask.
"They must be deeper then we thought. Still healing." He says.
Thankfully, they don't hurt much but it feels sore.
Colt's l*ps suddenly are on my shoulder.
"Colt!"
"So...I can't touch you, you said?" He mutters in a husky tone. His warm breath tickles my skin.
"No." I say with a stern voice.
"SHE walks in n*ked into my shower and says that I can't touch her...the audacity."
I laugh at the way he talks as if he is narrating.
"Listen, Colt. I am serious. We can't do anything."
"I hear you, I just don't agree." He says.
"Well, you can't."
Suddenly, he takes both my hands and pulls them over my head, softly pressing my back against the wall. He holds my arms up with just one hand. The action looks careless but he is actually very gentle so as not to hurt me.
"C-Colt..." I whisper. "What can't we do?" He whispers.
His lips start to caress my cheeks but he doesn't k*ss.
They just softly slide on my skin.
"No Kissing..." I say.
"No k*ssing...got it." He whispers as his lips slide down my n*eck without kissing.
I am now unable to speak.
He closes his eyes while he continues to caress my b*dy with his l*ps. he reaches my chest and goes down to my breasts. His l*ps, parted, slide down my skin. His warm breath gives me chills as he reaches my n*pples but he doesn't kiss. He doesn't touch with his hands, just his l*ps.
I shiver, wanting him to close his mouth around them. I want him to k*ss lick and suck but I told him not to and now this feels like t*****e. My skin prickles and my insides start to ache.
Letting my hands go, he finally leaves my breasts and travels down to my stomach, taking a knee and holding me by the hips. My hands travel to his head where I caress and tangle my fingers in his wet hair. I am unable to settle my breathing as my chest goes up and down. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. His l*ps reach the bottom of my abdomen which starts leading to that sensitive area. "That's enough..." I force myself to whisper.
With hazed eyes, he looks up at me. I can see how much he wants me. This thrills me.
To have a man on his knees like this. I almost feel wild.
He gets up and stands just inches away with his face staring down at me. He looks at my l*ps and I can see how much he wants to k*ss me.
"Just know...that in my head I am having my way with you."
I start laughing and now the mood in me completely changes.
"You torturess brat." he mutters but he doesn't know that it is t*****e for me too. "And I am soaping you up."
He smiles and hugs me.
"That's the same thing as touching me!"
"No, it's not cause I am just cleaning you."
I have no time to protest anymore because he is already lathering me in soap.
I shake my head and just let him have this.
###Chapter 20
"Wouldn't it be better to eat in your room? I really don't want to have to see Ezra."
"He won't be there. He never eats at breakfast time downstairs. Besides, you can't hide forever from him and as long as you are with me, I will not let him hurt you. Needless to say, don't come downstairs by yourself." "Yeah, you don't have to tell me twice."
"Tell me, Bryn, why shouldn't she come down here? And mind you, choose your words carefully." He tells her. She opens her mouth but closes it as she considers his words. Irritation washes over her face but she stays quiet. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."So Ezra is your mate?" Miles asks me bluntly. It takes me by surprise but I lowly nod.
"Huh? Aren't Alphas usually supposed to be mated to strong she-wolves? Usually, when I step through the dining room doors, I brace myself.
The room is full of pack members and the moment they see us, everyone quiets down.
Thankfully Ezra is nowhere to be seen here but Kaecy, Bryn, and Miles are here.
The tension and silence are killer.
"Are you serious?" Bryn asks.
"What?" Colt asks.
"You are bringing her down here?"
"Mh...after this...we should take another shower together."
I roll my eyes at him. "WE just got out of the shower. I am clean enough."
"Not the point."
"I know your point. It was hard enough as it was. Or do you like to be tortured?"
"No. So maybe you should just give in." He gives a cheeky smile and wiggles his eyebrows.
"No."I shake my head with a smile.
Betas or Alphas? I get that it happens but it is not common for an Alpha to be mated to an Omega." He asks.
I would take offense if he didn't seem genuinely curious.
"Exactly why Ezra doesn't want her." Bryn mutters with a satisfied grin.
"You miss my point," Miles says. "If she is mated to him, there could be a reason for it."
A reason?
I had never thought about it like that. But there is nothing special about me so I don't see a reason.
"You always with your critical thinking. Always overanalyzing things." Bryn mocks him.
"Oh? Are you saying the goddess makes mistakes?" He asks.
"Yes."
"Yes."
Bryna and I say at the same time.
She looks at me and squints her eyes. I give her a death glare and look away.
I think this is the only time we have ever agreed on anything. Ezra being my mate was a huge mistake on the moon goddess's part.
"Let's drop it." Kaecy says.
"Yeah. I am tired of it." Colt says as he puts a plate of food in front of me. "Eat, Angel."
"Why do you call me that?" I ask him as I take my fork and start eating.
"Because that's the first thing that came to me when we were in the dungeon. You were an angel sent to us. You kept us company, showed us kindness, and kept us fed when you could. You didn't have to do any of that but you did. You were our little angel. Then again I might have been delusional...you know, no food and all." He says and laughs and that makes me laugh too.
I finish my food as fast as I can because I am tired of the dirty stares that pack members and Bryn give me.
When Colt is also done, we head out. I follow him outside where we meet up with Dash.
"Hey, you two. The talk of the pack." He says.
I groan. "Uh! Is it that bad?"
"Depends on which side you are hearing it from."
"What do you mean?"
"The Gammas are bitter. The Omegas are mostly shocked." He explains.
I sigh. "Great."
Dash smiles. "So where are we going?"
"Going?"
Colt turns to me. "Angel, I have a meeting with my dad. Dash is here to keep you safe. Do whatever you want but stay with him. I'll catch up with you once I am done." "Really?" I ask feeling annoyed by this.
"Sorry but if I ignore my Alpha duties, Dad will not be happy and we need him happy."
True. As long as Colt is in his favor, I get to be with him.
"Okay but... hurry."
He smiles. I am sure that knowing I wanted him with me made him happy.
"Can I k*ss you yet?" He asks before leaving.
"No."
He grunts, turns around, and stomps away.
It makes me giggle. He looks like an angry child.
"So. Where to?" Dash asks.
"Well, it's either go to see my sister or go back to Colt's room. I don't feel like being out here."
"Oooh. I vote hot sister."
I laugh as we start walking to the house.
"Really? You do know that she has a mate and is now pregnant."
"Damn. Do you have any more sisters? Cause if they are half of what you are, I am in! Hell, I'd choose you as my mate any day. Too bad Colt got to you first."
"What?!" I ask, laughing.
"Yeah, don't tell him. He'd kick my ass.
I smile. He is very funny. I like him a lot.
"Hey, tell me more about your time with him with the enemy."
He sighs. "You really want to know about that?"
"Yeah. How did you guys meet?"
"Hm...well...we met while being strapped to wooden poles and having our backs seared with burning whips."
"Okay stop...never mind. I'm sorry I asked."
"Don't be sorry."
"How come...I mean...if the Dark Fang Pack is as feared and as strong as everyone says, how come they have not taken over all other packs yet?"
"That is a complicated question. Right now...packs are divided. They only gather for parties and statuses but they are not quick to form alliances. This is mostly because they are afraid to be targeted by the Dark Fang pack but if pushed enough, they will do exactly that. Form alliances. The dark Fang pack knows this so they take their time and take things slow. They are conniving, have patience, and overall are very deceptive. But... let's not talk about that anymore. So, how about those sisters of yours, huh?
I laugh. "I only have one.
The mated and pregnanat one."
"Aw dang it!"
All I do is laugh on my way home because of him. He is a breath of fresh air to me.
As I come up to the house, Lauren immediately comes out. "So! What happened?!"
"Huh?"
"Yesterday! Colt sent word that you'd be staying with him but I am itching to know what happened after you were chased by Ezra from here."
"Ooh. Juicy gossip. I am all for it." Dash mutters.
We all go inside and I tell them what happened with the fight.
"I am glad that Colt is protecting you. He and the Alpha are the strongest in the pack." Lauren says.
"So...Miss...Curl's sister. Do you have any sisters, or friends that might be single?"
"DASH! Really!?"
He starts laughing. "You can't blame me! This pack has very beautiful women.
Lauren laughs and I just shake my head.
After spending a good amount of time there, Dasha and I head out.
"So since now you are living in the pack house, do I get to come visit you?" Lauren asks as she sees us out.
I am not able to respond to her because Dash interrupts us.
"Stay back, Cass." Dash suddenly says when we step out.
"What? Why?" As I ask this, I see why he says what he says.
Ezra walks in our direction with Kaecy behind him trying to reason with him.
"Cass." Ezra calls for me.
I stay in front of the door with Lauren behind me ready to shut the door if need be.
"Cass. Let me talk to you." He says.
"Stay away from her." Dash growls but Ezra ignores him.
Kaecy lightly touches Ezra's shoulder. "Ezra, let her be.
Give it time."
"Time? Time for Colt to sweep her off her feet?!" Ezra shouts.
Too late. He already did.
Dash stands in front of me with his arms crossed in an imposing stance.
"Cass...let me talk, please."
"Ezra, I am not stopping you from speaking but there is nothing that you can say that will change anything. What do you want from me at this point?"
This time, instead of getting angry and trying to take me by force, he falls to his knees looking defeated.
"I feel...like I'm dying." He mutters.
"Then...accept the rejection.
Eventually, the pain will go away."
He is silent for a few seconds until he slowly shakes his head and whispers. "I can't."
With that, I step aside and walk away.
Part of me does feel bad but it is that part of me that cares too much about others, even when they don't deserve it.
Dash and I silently walk through the forest.
Seeing how Ezra acted this time makes me hope that all this will be over soon. He will reject me and I will be done with him.
"How dare you!"I hear the Luna shout, taking me out of my thoughts.
"My son spends most of his night in his room suffering while you are out here having the time of your life!
And then you turn him down as if you weren't the problem of this all!"
Ugh! I don't want to deal with her but this time, I don't keep my mouth shut as
I tend to do.
"I am pretty sure he did all this to himself." I say.
She laughs. "Look at you, having the balls now to speak
to me like this! As if I was a commoner like you! No. You don't get to talk back to me!"
She tries to grab me by the hand but I quickly move away, slapping her hand.
"How dare you!" She screams. "GUARDS!"
Four guards immediately emerge from behind her. "Take her away!"
"Don't you dare touch her!"
Dash stands in front of me, blocking me from the guards. "She is under Alpha Colt's protection and under my care."
"
"We don't answer to him.
The guards say.
"They are my personal b*dyguards and only answer to me." She says with a mocking smile.
"Sorry, but I won't let you take her anywhere," Dash says.
"Oh? Then you are going to fight me yourself? And all my guards too? Are you ready to bear the consequences of fighting a Luna?" Three more of her own guards appear.
It doesn't matter I am under Colt's protection, this woman still has power. I am sure the Alpha will not look kindly if Dash hurts her to protect me.
I put a hand on Dash's shoulder and whisper.
"Don't, Dash. Go find Colt instead."
He turns to me. "Cass..."
"It's fine. Just go fast."
Grinding his teeth, he steps back letting the Luna's men grab me.
"Good choice." She mutters. look back as I am taken and see Dash immediately start running to the pack house.
"Colt won't let you hurt me." I say to her. "Do you really think he is not going to find out?"
"won't let me hurt you? It doesn't matter... if he can't find you."
I notice that I am being taken into the woods.
Diferent directions from the cells and the torturing chamber.
"You can't do this! The Alpha himself has not allowed this!"
I shout.
"My mate will forgive me. He always does."
"But your sons won't!"
"You really think that you are that special? They will forget about you eventually." She says.
"No! Colt won't let you-
"I will rid you of both my son's life."
###Chapter 21
"You are crazy! What kind of Luna are you?!" I shout at her but she makes no attempt to answer.
After a long walk into the woods, we come across an area mounted with shrubs, natural debris, and fallen trees. Under these clutters that the guards move aside there is a trap door. When they open it, they carry me down to what looks like a bunker. It is clearly They entrapped me to a wall shackled in chains.
abandoned.
I realize that I am scared to die because, for the first time, I have something that I truly want in my life. I want Colt. I want what he offers me. A life with a mate whotruly cares about me. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I look at her, determined to buy some time. "What are you going to do? You kill me and Colt will never forgive you, Erza either! I am still his mate and he will feel it in his core!" "You are the cancer to this pack. If I allow you to go on, your influence will grow too powerful. And I don't want you anywhere near my children. They will be upset, yes but eventually they will forget. I rather they hate me than to deal with you." "You are clearly not fit to be Luna anymore, mother." Colt suddenly appears from the shadows behind her.
"Colt!" I shout with relief.
"How?! How did you find this place? Not even your father knows about it and so fast!"
He walks past her in my direction and starts to meddle with my retrains.
"Mother...for the last three
years, I have been part of an elite tracking team for the Dark Fang pack. You could not have been easier to track even if you had left clues on purpose for us."
I can see behind him Dash with his arms crossed, leaning on a wall, and a disapproving expression on his face.
Colt releases my hands and rubs my wrists. "Are you hurt?"
I shake my head. "Nothing I couldn't handle. You didn't give them a chance to do more...thank you."
He smiles tenderly, then leans forward and k*sses my head. I cling to him feeling the safety he emanates, never wanting to let go.
A frown suddenly tugs the corner of his lips and his head slowly turns back to look at his mother.
"Colt...listen to me! She will bring this pack down! She has you and your brother pinned against each other!"
"Mother..." His voice is void of emotion and it scares even me. "I love you...but my wolf will hurt you if you touch her again."Her face pales and her eyes widen. "You...you would hurt me?!"
"My wolf has taken to her. It will be instinct and you are asking for it. I warn you just this once. Don't make me do something I don't want to do."
"How can... how can you talk to me like this?"
"Look at what you are doing.
How is this okay in your mind?" he asks.
"Alice, what are you thinking?! What is this place?!" The Alpha suddenly rushes in.
"I need to protect my children!" she screams.
"From this girl? What can this girl do? This is all drama that will simmer down once
Ezra realizes the consequences of his actions."
Colt walks us past them.
"Excuse me Dad but I am going to take her home."
The Alpha nods as he continues to try to talk some sense to the Luna.
We leave them and climb up the hatch. Immediately Colt picks me up and starts walking back to the pack house.
"What is it with you always carrying me?" I ask. "I can walk perfectly fine."
"You are light. I like how you feel in my arms when I carry you."
I don't know why I am complaining. I like How he feels when he carries me too.
"Since you won't let me be inside of you or even touch you, I'll take what I can get."
I gasp. "Shut up!"
He laughs.
"You act as if you still don't try."
"Of course, I try. I want you so bad."
He makes me blush. I hug him and hide my face but that's when I realize that Dash is behind him with a scowl.
Uh! He probably heard all of that. I smile at him. "Thank you, Dash," I say watching him as he follows us.
"Yeah, you can thank me by dismissing me. I don't want to have to listen to you two talking all the way up to your room like this." "Thanks, Dash. You can go.
Colt says.
He finally smiles and immediately walks away.
When we walk inside, we are met with Kaecy who frantically shakes his head.
"Go! Please. He is looking for..." He can't finish. Ezra rushes through the hall in our direction.
"Is she okay?!" he asks.
"Yes." Colt answers in a cold tone.
"Let me see her!"
Kaecy gets in front of him.
"No," Colt replies.
"You can't just take her! You can't keep her away from me!"
"I am fine, Ezra," I say.
"You are MY mate!" he says.
He is starting to sound like a broken record and still, I feel nothing when he says these things.
Colt walks up the stairs ignoring him and leaving Kaecy to deal with him. When we make it to his room, I sigh in relief as he lies me on the bed. "Can we just go to sleep and let this day end?" I ask, feeling tired of it all.
He takes his shirt off and drops himself next to me.
"Yes." He pulls me in a hug and settles us comfortably on the bed. "Let's rest."
I really do hope this all gets easier. This is too much stress for me and I hate it.
***
I am suddenly woken up by Colt.
"Mh. No."
I hear him laugh. "No what?"
"No wake me..."
He laughs again. "You mean don't wake you?"
I nod with my eyes closed.
"Get up, Angel. We are leaving."
My eyes open and my head props up. "Leaving? To
where?"
"To the city."
"But I thought we still had one more day?"
"With everything that has happened, I think it is best to
leave early."
I actually agree with him.
I nod. I get up and stretch as I watch him get up and head to the bathroom but he stops before closing the door.
"Shower?" he asks.
"No! Not this time mister." I
immediately say.
I can't. It was too hard to resist him yesterday so I am not risking it this time.
He grunts but closes the door.
I get up and turn on the light. That's when I notice my backpack in the corner of the room.
I smile. Lauren must have packed it for me.
I quickly change before Colt finishes his shower. Then check my stuff and make sure that everything I need is in there and it is. Lauren knows me very well.
When Colt finishes his shower, he comes out with just a towel on his waist. The f**ker looks at me with a smirk and suddenly drops the towel. I feel a flush -Ookcreeping up my cheeks as my eyes go round.
He strides to the closet in all his n*ked glory. The mountains of muscles on his back, arms, and legs bulge as he walks.
When he enters the closet, that is when I feel like I can finally breathe. I was definitely holding my breath.
I close my eyes and take in a deep breath. This man is so good-looking scars and all.
He is perfect. He is much bigger than all his brothers. Kacey and Ezra are tall but have a smaller build. Colt is much more buil on his shoulders and deltoids as well as his rib area. I am finding out that I am liking when he hugs me because I almost disappear in his
arms.
He comes out dressed in a half-suit. He doesn't wear the blazer but holds it hung over his shoulder. He looks deliciously handsome.
"Are you ready?" As he asks this, a knock comes at the door.
Colt opens it and Dash walks in.
"F**king bastard. You didn't tell me I was going to be your personal butler." Dash mutters as he stands in front of Colt.
"Hey, you are welcome to leave the pack and do whatever you want," Colt says.
"And what the f**k am I going to do?"
"Well, until I am Alpha, you won't be Beta just yet. So you just have to hang in there."
Dash rolls his eyes and then looks at me. He grins. "Hey,
Curls! You, I don't mind catering to." He says as he reaches for my bag.
He looks at Colt again. "Your brother has been actin' up all f**king night. Thank the goddess I am going with you because otherwise, I'd kill him myself."
Dash walks out muttering curses under his breath. Colt turns to me and takes my hand.
"Let's get out of here already."
I nod. "I want to stop at Lauren's first to say goodbye."
"Okay." He says now walking down the stairs.
To my displeasure, the Luna is standing at the bottom of the stairs.
"There you are. Wanted to see you off," she says as if yesterday didn't happen.
Colt stands motionless staring at her. She walks up the stairs and hugs him and kisses his cheek but he still doesn't move. Her eyes land on me and she quickly looks at Colt again.
"For the loves of the goddess Colt, please reconsider. This girl-"
"Stop. You have no say in any of it."
"I just don't get what is your infatuation with her! And how in the hell can she be mated to Ezra?! That makes no sense! He is of Alpha blood! You are of Alpha blood! You should have someone better." "Enough..." he growls in a low tone. It is not intimidating but it has a warning in it and she shuts her mouth. I can see she wants to say more but she doesn't.
"Let's go." he says pulling me away and ignoring her.
I smirk to myself but it is not because of Colt's reaction to her. It is because her words don't hurt me one bit and I am glad that I have grown this much. I don't care what anyone says about me anymore.
The car is already waiting for us in the front. We see Dash putting our bags in the trunk of the car and he does not look happy. It makes me laugh. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Colt pulls me away from the car and into the direction of mLauren and James's house.
She is already up and when she sees me, she immediately hugs me.
"Have fun, okay? You deserve good things in your life. So enjoy this." She says.
I hold her tight, nodding.
"Do not have that baby of yours until I am back," I say now touching her stomach.
She laughs. "I still have a few months to go, not a week, so I am sure you'll be here just in time."
I look back at Colt. "How long will we be gone?"
I never asked.
He nods. "Well be out there for just a few days. Three to four, max."
Lauren hugs me again. "Get that coochie slammed good.
You need it."
I gasp pulling away from her feeling horrified and she starts laughing.
I look back at Colt and I can tell he heard. He is looking away with a grin but tries very hard to hold his laugh.
"Let's go, now!" I say sprinting away.
I look back at Lauren with squinted eyes and eyebrows knitted but all she does is laugh.
Walking through the woods, Colt clears his throat ready to say something. I know it has to do with what Lauren says.
"No. Shush!" I say before he says anything and he starts laughing.
Back now at the car, Dash leans on the car.
"Let's go already," he says.
"You are in a great mood today," I say.
He sighs. "PMS."
"What?! Stop it! I wish you'd actually felt that so you can know how not a joke that is."
He laughs.
"No. Shush!" I say before he says anything and he starts laughing.
Back now at the car, Dash leans on the car.
"Let's go already," he says.
"You are in a great mood today," I say.
He sighs. "PMS."
"What?! Stop it! I wish you'd actually felt that so you can know how not a joke that is."
He laughs.
###Chapter 22
Ezra gets near to the window which Colt starts to close.
"Don't go, Cass! Just wait!
Let's talk about this!"
"Go," the Alpha says to Colt as he tries to hold Ezra back.
"Go!" Colt says to the driver.
Dash sits in the front, next to the driver. "Go! Now!"
"Cass!" Ezra shouts.
"Accept the rejection, Ezra!
Let's be done with this!" I shout before the car starts to move.
There is desperation in his eyes but I feel no sympathy. Maybe a few years ago I would have, but not anymore.
Colt closes the window and we start driving.
"Are you okay?" Colt asks.
"Yeah. I'm fine," I say but I stay quiet.
Dash turns around and looks at me. "Curls, he's a prick.
That man didn't care until someone else was interested in you. Otherwise, he would have continued doing the same thing." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.l know he is right. I am trying my hardest not to feel bad for the guy. And I will choose not to.
"How long will it take us to get where we are going?"
"About an hour," Colt says.
He rubs my back.
"How are those wounds?"
"Oh, I forgot about them.
They are not hurting."
"Let me see."
I turn around for him. He lifts my shirt and takes the gausses off.
"They are already almost gone," he says.
"Good," I mutter but he doesn't take his hand away.
Instead, he slowly moves his hand up my back. It is a gentle touch, warm and delicate. It feels good.
I close my eyes, feeling the nice sensation.
"So many scars..." He whispers.
I give a hesitant pause.
"Mh, I was a...wild child, according to your mother."
He takes in a deep breath as if he is readying himself for something. "Did any of these where because of me?" He asks.
I don't want to hurt him, but I am not going to lie. "Don't ask questions you don't want to know the answer to, Colt."
He knows that that answer means yes. He closes his eyes and nods.
He suddenly gets close and whispers in my ear. "Well, I am going to love you until I can melt those scars away."
My head turns and I stare at him. The intensity in his eyes makes my chest squeeze with emotions that are unknown to me.
His hand goes to my face and he caresses me gently.
"Your skin is perfect either way but I am going to love you until you forget you have these at all." He whispers with his callous but soft hand now possessively on my thigh.
"Goddamn! I can touch the tension! You are not alone here you know!" Dash shouts.
Feeling embarrassed, I quickly straighten up and properly sit.
Colt grunts. "You are starting to get on my nerves, Dash."
"It's about time. I get on everyone's nerves." He turns back around to look at Colt and mutters, "I am surprised you lasted this long."
"You were always annoying, Dash. I just ignored you."
"Godamn. For nine years?"
Dash says and then mutters.
"You have the patience of a saint then."
"Mh..." Colt turns back to me giving me his attention again. His hand lands on my knee, pulling me close to him. His large frame leans into me. His other hand holds my chin and pulls me to him, locking his l*ps with mine. A fiery k*ss that screams desperation and longing. He pulls back enough for me to be aware of his hand which has traveled up my thigh. He takes in a breath sucking it in through his teeth.
"I've been wanting to k*ss you for days and you wouldn't let me." He breathlessly whispers.
"You know why." I remind him also in a whisper.
"Yeah. But we are away from him now. I want you." His hand caresses my outer thigh, threatening to go up further.
"Yes but...
One of his brows immediately lifts. "But?"
"I'm here, dumbass! We are here!" Dash shouts looking back.
That was exactly what I was about to say. It's like Colt forgot that we were not alone.
"For goddess sake! I will stop this car, run out, and never come back!" Dash says.
I giggle.
Colt takes a deep breath through his nostrils as if they were flaring and then moves back but keeps his hand on my shoulder, pulling me to lean on his chest.
I love how he shows me how much he wants me but at the same time, it still scares me a little. I thought I was done feeling like this but I guess I am not. And also, now that we are away from all that drama with Ezra, I remember something he told me before. I slowly pull away from him. I cross my legs and look out the window as I clear my throat.
"So, what were those things you had to tell me?" I ask.
"Mh?" He looks at me with confusion. "What things?"
"You had told me that there were things that you needed to tell me. That was back in that weird animal room. Things about me?
Remember?"
Immediately he realizes what I am talking about.
"Oh. Yes. But not yet."
"Not yet? Why?"
"For one, we are not alone here."
"Oh, now you want to be mindful." Dash mocks as his head shoots back to us.
"Shut up." Colt's face scrunches up and he narrows his eyes at Dash.
Dash turns back around muttering under his breath.
"Okay, so then when?" I ask.
"How about we get to the city and then we'll figure that out."
I sigh. "Alright."
Throughout the rest of the ride, we all make small talk until finally, we arrive at the city.
"Wow. They are even taller than how they show on TV." I say looking at the tall buildings.
"Do you see the tallest one over there?" Colt points to a building that stands taller than all the others. "That's where we are staying."
After a few minutes of traffic, we stop right in front of it.
Colt gets out and holds a hand to me. I take it and he takes me inside. It is the fanciest place I have ever seen in my life.
"We are staying here?" I whisper to Colt.
He smiles. "Yes."
A pack member, whom I recognize, walks over to us from the front desks where there are lines of people waiting to be tended to.
"Alpha, the rooms are all taken care of. Here are the keys." He says handing Colt a few white cards.
"Thank you." He looks at me.
"Come on."
He leads me to the left of the building where we go inside an elevator. I walk in but my b*dy is stiff.
'Are you okay?" Colt asks while Dash starts laughing at me.
"I've never rode one of these," I say.
The thing starts moving and I feel like I am going to fall. I hold onto Colt with both hands while my knees start to bend as they feel weak.
Colt holds me close, so I don't fall while they now both laugh though I do not find it so amusing.
When the elevator stops, I hurry on out.
"Here we are." Dash says.
"We have the whole floor."
"The whole floor? All these rooms?"
"Yes. Many of the rooms will be used by the pack members and the empty ones will remain empty. Colt is an Alpha and soon will be the Alpha of a pack. He has to be protected at all costs." "It's like...mafia bosses," I say.
"What does your pretty little head know about the mafia?"
Dash asks, looking amused.
"Only what I have seen on TV."
They both laugh.
"Laugh it up all you want but I am sure it's not far-fetched."
"Okay okay. Colt says. He looks at Dash. "I'll send you a text when we are ready to leave," Colt says to Dash.
Dash turns around and waves. "Alright, but let me nap a bit first."
Colt takes my hand and walks us to the end of the hall where he opens a door revealing a huge room.
"Geez," I whisper.
It is an open living room with a glimmering chandelier in the middle.
The floors are white marble and the walls are white too.
The fancy-looking sofas are a cream color and there is gold color stuff around the room to accentuate it. At the end of the room, the wall is a giant window that overlooks the city. There is a fancy "Oh...wow. But I thought the city was not part of our territory."
"It's not. The city is a free area. It is unclaimable territory. So many packs can own buildings next to each other."
"Even the Dark Fang Pack?" I ask.
He gives me a serious look. "Yes. Even them and they do own some buildings around here. But most packs come here for business only. So don't worry."
I stand in front of the window looking out at the city. It is amazing how different it can look when you are looking at it from above.
"Is that why you are here too?"
He nods. "Yeah."
I turn around and face him.
"Okay. Time for that talk."
He acts like he is confused but he knows exactly what am talking about. He walks close to me and takes my hand then twirls me around.
"Let's dance first." He lets me go, then he claps twice.
"Music." He says and suddenly, music starts playing. He claps twice again. "Something slow." He says and a slow song comes on. "Is that like an Alexa?"
"Yep. Now come here." He pulls me into his arms and stars swaying.
He twirls me around and we dance around the room.
I love it. I have never danced so freely before. Usually, it is only in my room by myself.
I love how sweet he is but I have not forgotten how he is avoiding my question.
Taking deep breaths, I come back to the subject. "Colt, you said you would tell me."
He twirls me around over and over. I start to feel dizzy and when we stop, we are suddenly in the bedroom.
He pulls me back and I effortlessly fall on the bed with him on top of me.
I laugh. "Colt!"
"Those are skills. Bet you didn't even notice how we got here." He says and laughs.
"You can be so silly," I say.
He smiles, then looks into my eyes and moves hair strands from my face.
"Tell you what. Let's spend today doing anything you want out in the city. Then tomorrow, we can have a serious conversation about that."
"You promise?"
"I promise. I am not avoiding it. I just want to have a normal day with you."
I slowly nod looking at his l*ps.
"Kiss me first," I whisper. I have no idea how the hell I have the balls to say that to him but I do.
"Oh! Now you are demanding?"
I laugh but I feel embarrassed.
"Well, don't mind if I comply," he whispers.
His l*ps touch mine. I swear I almost feel an electric jolt go through us. I put my hands behind his head pulling him close and deepening the k*ss.
His hands go to my thighs where he lifts them up and wraps my legs around his waist.
"I don't want to go too far" I whisper.
He nods as he k*sses me.
"Okay."
I feel his hips move into mine. Grinding my private parts with his and it feels so good.
It is so good that I moan.
"I like that."
"Mh, like what?" I ask when I part my l*ps from his just a bit but then crash them back on his.
"When you moan like that, it makes me want to do everything to you," he says in between k*sses. "But I'll always stop when you want me to." He k*sses me again. "Just let me know what is too much for you because if you let me, I will take you completely." The thought of his words makes my insides ake for him.
###Chapter 23
I don't think I want to go all the way until I am officially mated. But to be honest, Colt makes it really hard to wait.
His l*ps travel down my n*eck, leaving k*sses everywhere his l*ps touch.
"Mh, let me show you something new. He slides down until his head is on my abdomen.
"What are you...
"
He unbuttons and unzips my pants
"Colt, don't."
"We are not going all the way. And I have seen you n*ked before, Cass." He says.
"It is still embarrassing," I say.
"Why? You have a gorgeous body."
"Ugly scars and all?" I ask him.
He responds with another question. "Do you care about MY scars?"
"Not one bit," I say.
"And neither do I. Now, quiet down baby girl. Stop complaining and use that mouth to moan for me."
My stomach goes in knots when he says this.
This is also when I notice that I am down to my underwear. As he goes to pull them down, I quickly hold them up from the top edge. "No."
"Fine. I don't need to take them off," he says.
Suddenly, My legs are spread apart. He holds them up to where he is facing my cooch, as Lauren sometimes called it.
"C-Colt..." I say with worry.
I almost don't feel him pulling my underwear to the side. When I do feel it, my first reaction is to try to take his hand away but before I can, he immediately latches his mouth to my entrance without warning.
I moan with a jolt and my body jerks.
"Colt!" I moan out.
But now my mind is blank as I feel his tongue move.
"OH MY GO- MH!"
I can't think. I don't want him to stop ever but the sensation is so strong that my hand tries to push his head away. He holds both of my hands with one of his and the other holds me by the thigh so that my body doesn't move away.
"Mh!" I can't do anything else but moan uncontrollably. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I can feel his l*ps move as if he were k*ssing my own mouth. His tongue dances in circles inside and out of me.
It feels so soft and gentle but he sometimes alternates to a fast pace.
He still holds my hands though I stop fighting it. I don't want him to stop. He sucks licks and k*sses and soon I feel like I am about to explode with so much pleasure.
Oh my! What is this? It feels so good!
"Mh...Ah!...Colt!"
My toes curl and my legs shake as a wave of pure delight rushes through my core. My back arches and my face twists with a pleasurable expression. All I can think about is how good it feels.
After one big moan, all I can give are small whimpers of pleasure.
He finally pulls away and moves my underwear back in place.
"Delicious," he mutters. His voice is so low and sexy.
"You...made me come undone..." I whisper with my eyes closed. I am still coming down from that experience and I can't think straight.
"Oh I made you come alright but this is nothing compared to what I am going to do to you when I am able to have you completely."
I feel him on top of me now.
I open my eyes to see his beautiful eyes flicker as he stares into mine.
"I am going to make you not want anyone else ever again." He whispers.
I think he has already accomplished that.
I close my eyes again to continue to savor this feeling of euphoria that comes after -what I presume was- an o****m.
I feel him k*ssing my cheeks and then sliding down my n*eck. I can smell him, he smells like me. Like my own scent.
He k*sses my n*eck and nibbles. "I want to mark you so badly, Cass..." He whispers, his breath tickling my skin. That's when my eyes finally open. "But you are not," I say.
"No. Not until you want me to." He lifts himself up and lies next to me. "We still have not talked about this. Is this what you want? You know what I want, I've made it clear. But what do you want?"
He asks.
I prop myself to the side, facing him with my hand and elbow supporting my head.
"If I am honest, I haven't given it much thought. Everything has been happening so fast."
He stays quiet and just listens.
"A year ago...actually, even a few weeks ago all I would have wanted was for you to stay away from me.
But...now...
"Now..." He repeats.
"You've been through a lot and I can see that you have changed. I like the man you are now. If I can choose a mate, then it would be you but that doesn't take away the fear...the what ifs. And I also don't like the idea of being...Luna."
He smiles as if he is seeing something in me that I don't.
"You are so cute..."
I roll my eyes. "Are you even listening to me?"
He chuckles. "Of course, I am listening to you. And that is why you would make such a great Luna. Because you don't want to be. You won't be in it for status, for the position, or anything vain like that. As Luna, you could make a difference. Imagine our pack having a good Luna. A Luna who cares about everyone equally."
"Who said I care." I look away trying to act like I don't give a damn but he sees right through me.
"You do," he states.
I turn around giving my back to him, muttering complaints. He hugs me from behind, then gives me a big kiss on the cheek, and whispers.
"When you are sure of what you want, let me know.
And a plus, if I mark you and you mark me, it will break the bond with Ezra since you both are not marked. No need for rejection. That's tempting, right?"
I giggle. "Very tempting," I say but then frown. "But...if I did that...there is a chance that he could go feral, right?"
He sighs. "Yes. In my case, since I was marked and so was Skye...when I accepted the rejection and broke the bond... the pain...it was unlike anything I had ever felt. It lasted for two agonizing days. I was on the brink of death. I really don't know how I came out of it but I did. It won't be the same for you. If I mark you while you guys have the fated mate bond there is a chance he could go crazy, death has been unheard of. He'd go feral and probably come after you. It is rare but you and I both know that he is already not thinking rationally."
I nod. That is exactly what I was thinking. Ezra is already not acting right.
"I guess he inherited my mom's crazy side," he mutters.
I nod. "I might loathe the guy but...I don't want to cause him to go crazy."
"And you say you don't care..." He squeezes me and then k*sses me.
I want to complain about what he said but I don't.
"And I get it. Ezra is my brother and deep down I don't want to hurt him either but he really doesn't deserve you. He made the biggest mistake of his life treating you as he did." He suddenly puts a hand under my chin and makes me look back at him.
"I know I was not good to you either, Cass. I know it fully well. But I will never treat you like that ever again. I promise you."
I respond to him with a big smile. "How in the world did you turn out like this?"
"Like what?"
"So...sweet?" I really don't know how to put it into words.
"Well...here's the kicker." He gets close to my ear and whispers. "I am only like this with you. Everyone else gets my "angry I hate everyone" side."
I laugh and nod. "I saw that side with your brothers and sister."
"My family can really get on my nerves. Other than my dad, they just don't know what we are up against and what is at stake. My mom has kept them in this little bubble catering to them and treating them like they are untouchable." He sighs and starts to get up. "Anyway, let's get ready. I want to take you out.
"Oh, where to?"
"Let's go eat first and then wherever you want to go."
An hour later, we are in a restaurant and I am eating the best piece of steak I have ever had in my life.
"You really like that, huh?" he asks.
"Is it that obvious?"
"Yeah, you didn't make these many expressions or moan so much when I was eating you." He winks.
I gasp and look around.
"Shut up!"
He starts laughing.
This guy is just like f**king
Lauren!
He looks at my dress. It is the same one I used last time, the one Lauren gave me.
"So what you have on that small bag back in the room is really all you own?" he asks. "Yeah."
"Then we know what we are doing next," he says.
"What are we doing next?"
"Shopping."
"Shopping? No. Why?"
"Because you need clothes.
Not rags.
"I have no money for that and also, I don't want to spend my time shopping.
Isn't that like a chore?"
One of his eyebrows lifts up.
"Have you ever gone shopping?"
"Well...no."
"Then why are you so against it? Many people like to go shopping. You might just like it if you try it and it is not a chore."
"Is this all because you don't like what I am wearing?" I squint my eyes at him.
"Baby girl you could be sitting there in a trash bag and I would still love it."
Mh...good answer.
I am sure my face flushes but I like how he speaks to me.
"Fine," I say with a sigh, acting bothered. "Let's go shopping."
***
An hour later we are in a mall but it does not look like the ones I have seen in movies and shows. This is extravagant. Even I can see that.
"Why here first!" I ask him and I am kind of laughing because I think it's funny that he took me to the underwear store first.
He also laughs. "Well, it's not 'cause I want to see you try some of these on at all."
I stop laughing and slowly turn to him. I catch his stupid smiling expression obviously lying through his teeth.
I narrow my eyes. "You are hilarious! Did you really think that I was going to try any of these on for you?"
He winks at me. "Yes."
"Your charms do not work on me, sir!"
"You sure about that?"
"Yes," I say confidently but... I was wrong. A few minutes later-I don't know how he did it-here I am standing in front of him wearing a very see through set of Bra and panties.
###Chapter 24
I stand there feeling almost n*ked. My skin prickles as the cold air of the store bites
into my skin. Nipples are hard as a result. But nothing compares to his stare. My b*dy shivers as he looks me up and down, his eyes lingering on the places he seems to like more. My thighs, slit, and breasts.
He leans back on his chair as if he is resting, one leg out and looking comfortable.
"Turn around," he whispers in a husky low voice.
I can't help but obey almost as if it was instinct.
I slowly turn, arching my back and sticking my butt out.
I look back touching my chin on my shoulder.
He bites his bottom lip. "Perfect," he says in a barely audible whisper.
I turn back to him.
"Let's get it...but don't take it off yet." He pushes me back to the changing room and locks the door behind him.
"Colt!" He picks me up with my back against the wall and starts to k*ss my neck.
It makes me laugh. "Stop. We are not doing this here."
"Oh, but we are, baby girl.
You are driving me crazy here woman!"
"Well, you are the one who wanted me to try these things on. Now deal with the consequences."
"No." he whispers in my ear. "One thing you don't understand, Angel, I like to be in control. Can you just be my good girl and take it this time?" He pushes his b*dy on me, my b****t press against the mirror, and his hard crotch rubs against my a*s.
A wave of heat rushes through my b*dy. My knees grow weak, my breath hitches and I stutter trying to find the words as he tells me this. I am unable to answer him.
He breaths against my neck. It is rugged and warm.
His hand comes around me and slowly starts to trail down the silhouette of my waist, reaching my hips and sliding to my thigh where he moves inward. His hand slides inside the underwear and his finger carefully traces the form of my folds. Suddenly he applies pressure and slides his fingers in between my lips and I involuntarily moan, quickly covering my mouth so no one outside of the dressing room hears me.
I am unable to complain in fact, I don't want to.
I grab his other arm that holds me by the hip and almost claw at it as pleasure surges through me. His hand moving now fast but his fingers are soft at the touch. "Moan for me."
I shake my head with my hand covering my mouth, telling him that I can't. I am afraid that someone will hear me.
"I am not asking you, Angel.
Moan for me."
I don't know why but I feel the need to do as he says and it excites me.
I slowly take the hand from my mouth and start breathing raggedly until I am unable to hold it any longer and a moan comes out. "Mh! mh..."
He lets out a breath as if he was holding it to hear me better. "Good girl."
The excitement I feel as he says that surprises even me.
I moan again and I can tell that this one gets him even more excited.
He grabs my other hand and pulls it behind my back where suddenly he places something soft, warm, and hard in it. "Rub it."
Realization hits me; it is his d**k.
A wave of goosebumps goes through my b*dy. I start moving my hand slowly and he surprises me with a whispery moan in my ear.
"Uh...uh...mh..."
"Faster," he whispers and I do as he says. "Mh...your hand is so soft...fuuck...I want to know how your mouth feels." He suddenly pulls away and turns me around. He pins me against the mirror in a sizzling k*ss until he takes me by the chin, moves my face to the side, and says in my ear, "Get on your knees, baby..."
My eyes widen but my b*dy does as he says. I start to decent but he holds my head up, his eyes locked with mine as I kneel. There is something in them that excites me.
When I leave his eyes, it is to stare at the engorged thick cock in front of me.
He caresses my hair with his fingers in between my strands. I rip my eyes from his member and lock eyes with him and suddenly I am unable to look away.
"Beautiful girl, open your mouth." It is a soft tone but a command nonetheless, one I could say no to but I don't want to. I want to do as he says. I want him to call me a good girl again.
My breath hitches but his husky tone makes me tremble with excitement and my lips part though I'm scared of what is about to happen.
"Let me see your tongue."
I slowly stick the tip of my tongue out.
"Lick it."
My eyes come to the tip of his m*****d.
"Lick it," he whispers again.
I lift my head slightly up with my tongue out and give it a lick. It has a salty taste. I lick it again but linger just a bit longer.
He hisses sucking in a deep breath. "Good girl..."
It almost feels like that is a reward.
"Now wrap your lips around it."
My heart pounds so hard. I am afraid he might hear it.
Doing as he says, I carefully hold the end of his shaft aiming the tip to my mouth and taking in a deep breath before I press my lips around it.
He gives a deep moan as the grip he has on my hair tightens.
"Take it, Angel, take it all in."
I do it. I fill my mouth with his c**k as far as I can which is not much before I start to feel like I am going to gag-only taking half of him in. I pull my head back just a bit until I feel comfortable that I am not going to throw up and that's when he starts to slowly move his hips. I follow his movement, lettinghis hard soft member slide in and out of my mouth.
"Uh...just like that baby. Hss, don't stop...
And I am not about to.
Hearing him moan is the best song I have ever heard in my life.
I bob my head back and forth hearing the sweet low growly melody that comes out of his chest and mouth as he continues to praise me.
Rapid knocking comes from the door. "Is someone in here?"
A soft curse leaves his lips and the spell he has over me is gone. I immediately pull back with panic.
"Y-Y-Y-YES!" I scream.
"Oh...okay..." the lady says and then whispers. "No need to scream at me."
My hands cling to my chest as my heart almost leaves it.
Colt takes my hand and pulls me to stand but my legs grow weak. I stumble but he holds me close to his chest.
"You are such a good girl," he whispers.
My body suddenly shivers again. I look up at him locking eyes with his but suddenly a wave of embarrassment hits me. I close my eyes feeling my face burn and bury my head in his chest. He rests his head on mine rubbing my head and hugging me. After about a minute, he kisses my head as he fixes his pants and walks out.
"Let's get that. It looks amazing on you," he says closing the door behind him.
Letting out a huge sigh, I compose myself and change back to my clothes.
When I come out, it is so hard to look him in the eyes and he notices. He gets up when I walk past him and laughs.
"What?" I ask looking at the floor as I start walking.
"Don't do that."
"Do what?"
"Be embarrassed."
I don't say anything. I can't say that I am not because it is obvious I am but I also don't want to admit it to him.
"Let's finish this." That is all I say.
We buy all the underwear I need and want and after a few hours, we are finally completely done. I am thankful that he doesn't bring up anything about what happened but I am sure he will later.
After all this walking, I can barely feel my feet.
He was right, shopping was not that bad but I did hate having to try so many things on to make sure they fit.
We go to the food court where I am finally able to sit down. After so much time has passed, I am hungry again and so he brings me food. As he sits, I can't help but notice how Colt stands out from everyone else here.
Humans are so...basic when it comes to their appearance. It's not a bad thing, Omegas look just like this too, and even Gamas. Betas and Alpha males are the ones that tend to stand out. They are usually bigger than your average werewolf or human. Females, we all tend to be on the smaller side, even Alpha females but we females make up for our speed since females tend to be faster than males who have more strength on their side.
"What?" Colt asks.
"What? What do you mean?"
"Why are you staring at me like that?"
"Oh!" I laugh. "Just noticing how different we look compared to the humans here."
I still look a bit different than most humans too because I have scars on my body just like Colt though I hide most of mine.
"Yeah. That's probably why everyone is looking at us too," he says.
I did not notice because I was not paying attention to them. I look around now feeling a bit self-conscious and he is right. A lot of them stare at us.
"Or maybe..." Dash says, "...and hear me out here...maybe it is all the damn bags I am carrying!"
I start laughing. Colt called him in the middle of our shopping to help carry the bags cause they were too many and he now sits at the table next to us with another pack member.
"Don't be angry, Dash. This was not my idea." I say. I look at Colt but he now seems distracted. "What is it?" I ask looking behind me where he stares.
I don't see anyone I know so I look back at him.
"Are you okay?"
"Dash..." he says. Dash looks back and seems like he notices something. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I look back again but I still don't see anything out of the ordinary. I continue to stare and that is when I suddenly notice five men dressed in dark colors. Two of them are bigger than your normal human so I know for sure they must be werewolves and they all have scars.
"Who...who are they?" I ask but I am met with no response.
The silence stretches until I look back at them.
"We have to go" is all Colt says.
###Chapter 25
"What is going on?" I ask them.
"We have to go." Colt repeats getting up. He grabs my arm and gets me to my feet.
Dash and the pack member pick up all the bags from the floor and we start to walk in the direction of the elevators and pull on his hand. "Colt, you need to tell me what is going on."
His face is stoic and it won't tell me anything. I see him look back at the men and then he starts walking faster.
When we reach the elevator, Dash and the pack member go in first. Colt pushes the closing button but steps out of the elevator with me. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Leave." He tells Dash. "They saw me. If we don't make it back, tell my father not to do anything rash. I will find my way back."
Dash gives him a nod with a worried expression as the door closes.
"Colt!" I say with urgency.
"No time, Cass. Come on. I'll explain on the way."
He goes to the side of the elevators where there is a door that leads to the stairs.
The stairs are two-way, up and down. He starts leading me down.
"Colt! Who are they?!" I shout.
"Those are men from the Dark Fang pack." He finally responds.
"What? Why are they here?!"
"I don't know. But like us, they have property here too so I can only assume that is why they are here."
"But we have many of our own pack here with us. So why are you so scared?"
"Because, If Victor is here, then that means that Warrik is also somewhere here in the city."
As he says this-even though we are a few floors down now-we hear the door that we came from, open.
Colt puts a finger across his lips telling me to be quiet. He then picks me up and starts dashing down the stairs trying not to make any noise.
"I swear I saw him. I think they went through here." A man's voice echoes.
"You sure it was him?"
Another asks.
"I think so."
Soon, Colt reaches the bottom floor where there is only one door left after all the other ones we passed.
He carefully opens it and rushes through it.
We are at the parking garage. Colt puts me down and takes my hand.
"What now?"
A car passes by us with more speed than it should be having in here. It startles us but it keeps going.
"Cass, listen." He kneels behind a car and makes me kneel too. "If we get caught, call me Alexis. If Warrik ever finds out that I am my father's son. The next in line to be Alpha of the Blood River Pack, he would kill me." "O...kay..."
I am scared now because he doesn't look okay. He looks scared and desperate. He starts moving behind the cars as he pulls me with him.
Call him Alexis? So they don't know who he really is?
"Uhm...Skye never told Warrick who you are?" I ask.
"No, he'd kill her too just for being part of the pack but even more so because she was my mate and she knows this."
Wow.
We continue our way that leads down. It is a spiral indoor garage.
He suddenly lifts himself up and smells the air but immediately hides back.
"Damn it! There are more of them up ahead."
I look back with the hopes that we can go back the way we came from but in the distance I immediately see those men coming out of the door. "They are here," I whisper.
"Shit. They are going to catch my scent if they didn't already!"
He stops, still kneeling down but now faces me. Looking at me with concern, he puts his hands on my shoulder.
"Cass...you have to play along. There is no way of getting out of this."
"Play along?"
He closes his eyes. "F**k, I should have told you everything."
"Is it...is it bad?" I ask. "Is what you have to tell me...bad?"
He looks at me with intensity. Then he pulls me in and k*sses me. There is so much passion and desperation at the same time behind this k*ss.
He puts a hand on my chin as he finishes the k*ss, then, pulls back and looks into my eyes. "All you need to remember is that...............I care about you. Okay?
Everything I am doing now is all for you...even...... if I seem like the bad guy."
"What? The bad guy? Why-"
Before I can ask anything, he pulls me up with him and walks right to the middle of the garage.
The men immediately spot us.
"Play along," Colt whispers to me.
"Beck...Victor. Where is he?"
Colt asks the men.
"Look at what the mother f**king cat dragged in...Victor."
The Victor guy has shoulder-length dark curly hair and dark eyes. He is tall and is clearly an Alpha. That much I can see. The other one might be too but I can't completely tell. The Beck guy is also tall but he has a buzz cut. He is tanned and also has dark eyes. Unlike the Victor guy, this man has a few scars.
"Beck, where is Alpha Warrick?" Colt asks.
"We've been looking for you, motherf**ker. Where are the others?" Beck asks. The
Victor guy is quiet.
"We were attacked, Beck.
Some were killed and some of us were taken prisoners. The others didn't make it."
"Hu? You were attacked, yet here you are looking like a million bucks. You don't look so bad to me."
"I don't have time for this shit, Beck. Take me to him."
Colt barks.
"Now why would I do that?"
"And what else are you going to do?" Colt takes a step flexing his chest and deltoids.
Beck's smirk falls and he looks displeased.
"Exactly. Nothing." Colt says. "I was just able to escape a few days ago and ended up here. That's when I sensed him. I know he is here."
"You don't get to see my father just because you say so." Vicor finally speaks.
"Well, he's going to want to see me. I have something for him." Colt looks at me after saying this.
I am about to start panicking but then I remember that he told me to play along. I know he doesn't mean to give me to this Alpha. But the question is, how do I play this? Do I act angry? Nervous?
I am not an actress goddammit!
I don't do a single thing and I definitely don't move a single muscle.
"Who is she?" Beck asks.
Colt looks at him defiantly. "None of your business. Now take me to the Alpha. He is going to want to hear this."
Victor stares at him and then at me as if he is trying to decide what to do.
"Take them to my father. Let him deal with them directly."
He finally says.
Beck looks unhappy by this but nods. "This way."
He goes past us. Colt turns and follows him. He looks calm and composed but I know he is just acting. A minute ago he was the complete opposite. Now he acts as if nothing was wrong.
I turn and try to do the same. Since he is not trying to drag me with him, I assume I don't have to act scared but I am. I am terrified. My heart feels like it's going to explode inside my chest.
We follow Beck with Victor and the others behind us until Beck stops in front of a black car.
"Get in."
Colt holds the door for me and I go inside. I slide all the way to the end but then the door next to me opens. I scoot away and Victor sits next to me. On the other side, Colt slides in and sits on my side and then Beck sits on his. Both of these new men block the doors. The car is one of those that has a black window that opens up to see the driver and it does just that. It opens.
"Back to the Alpha," Beck says to the driver.
I want to scream. I am so scared. We are in so much trouble.
The next thirty minutes are quiet and filled with tension.
The car stops in front of a tall building. It looks just as luxurious as the one we arrived at this morning.
We walk in and head to the elevator. My fight or flight senses tingle and all I want to do is to make a run for it but I hold it in. It feels like when you have to pee and it is about to come out but you have to hold it. Bad way to describe it but that is how I see it. The moment we walk into the elevator, I know that I will be unable to escape now. The elevator stops at the top floor to what looks like a small lobby. There are guards stationed at each side of the elevator and on each side of huge double doors at the end of the small lobby.
"Wait here." both Beck and Victor say. They go through the double doors but it is so quick that I can't see anything inside.
"You sensed him?"I whisper at Colt, remembering what he said back in the garage area.
"No, I knew he was here because Vicor was here too but that Alpha connection severed a while ago. But that doesn't matter now." He keeps it low so that the guards don't hear us though they do look uninterested anyway.
"You were part of his pack?"
"I was forced." Now he takes my hand. "Listen to me. When I was in the Dark Fang Pack, the only way for me to survive was to obey and climb up the ranks. To Warrick, I am one of his seven generals. Cass... I have to be cruel. Please understand. I am sorry, I am sorry for the way I am going to have to treat you. I can't show any affection towards you."
Cruel?
My eyes water but I hold the tears in and nod. "I understand, C-...Alexis."
He closes his eyes and nods as if he was lamenting all of this. "Cass...what I have to tell Warrick now, it is completely true. So listen up carefully and...you need to act like you already know all of this. Like you are here willingly here.
Do you understand me? You are here willingly." He pauses for a moment. "Do whatever he tells you to do."
I nod again. I want to talk and ask questions but my voice is caught with the lump in my throat.
He leans back taking his hand away from mine and fixes his suit. "Now put a brave face up. They are coming."
The door opens and I immediately clean my eyes and act strong.
The door opens but it is two unknown men that walk out.
One of them takes Colt and he is not gentle. The other man walks over to me but the way he strides makes me feel like he is going to hurt me. I back up but the man takes my hand and twists it behind me, making me cry out. From behind he pushes me forward with my hand behind my back and once inside, he pushes me. I stumble and fall on my knees but I quickly get up. I hold my hand feeling a surge of pain on my wrist.
I focus now on what is in front of me. A big older man stands cleaning his hands with a rag of what looks to me to be blood.
###Chapter 26
The man is tall and has dark hair with streaks of gray. He has dark eyes and wavy short hair. He wears a dark blue suit that fits him perfectly. A man who dresses well.
In front of the man-who still cleans his hands-is a body. A dead and mutilated body.
I look up at the imposing figure in front of me.
I am sure this is Alpha Warrick.
"Alexis...where have you been?" The man says as he continues to clean his hands.
"Alpha Warrick..." Colt bows his head before he starts explaining what happened to him but everything he says is a lie so far. I have been with him all this time and none of what he said he went through is true. Once Colt is done, Alpha Warrick looks at me. I feel like I have been nailed into place. I can't move.
"Or so you say happened. Now, what have you brought for me?"
Colt looks at me. "I believe...this is your daughter."
Another lie.
"I found her in the Blood River Pack. Treated as a low
Omega. No one knows who she really is."
"And why do you believe this is my daughter?"
"Get a good look for yourself, Alpha," Colt replies.
Victor rolls his eyes. "How many times have we heard this? Someone supposedly always finds your long lost daughter."
"And I have to entertain it just to make sure," Warrick says.
Warrick stands in front of me.
"Who is your mother, girl?"
He asks.
"I-I don't know."
Victor smirks.
"What is your name?" he now asks.
I don't know if I am supposed to give him a fake name because Colt didn't tell me that.
"C-Cass."
"Cass?" He asks looking a bit intrigued. "Tell me...what makes Alexis here think that you are my daughter?"
That is a really good damn question.
"Uhm...probably cause I don't know who my parents are. I...I was found when I was little...near a river..."
He looks intrigued as I tell him this.
"I think I have had enough suspense. My daughter was born with a mark. Show it to me.""
"A...mark? A birthmark?"
I have no birthmark so this sham is over. Shit.
I look at Colt, hoping that he can help with this but he just stares at me like all these other men do.
Warrick suddenly takes my hand and viciously pulls me close. He turns me and holds me from behind in a tight grip. Then his hand goes to my shirt and he pulls it up, completely taking it off and revealing my chest. I have a bra but it is still embarrassing. He looks down from behind me and suddenly lets me go, slowly striding around me and standing in front of me.
"Look at what she did to you." He mutters.
Reacting now, I quickly cover myself with my hands.
"You brute..." I mutter. Those words came out on their own and I regret it immediately. However, Warrick doesn't seem bothered by them.
Instead, he stares at my chest...or rather what is under it. My burn mark. I never knew where I got it from. I have had it since I was found on the river.
"She mutilated you...all to hide you from me."
His hand suddenly takes my chin and he gets close to look at me.
"Yes...there she is. I see her in you. There is no mistaking it."
Out of nowhere, he plants a big smile on his face. He lets me go and walks around me.
"This is Victor Chevalier.
One of you brothers."
"Are you serious?" Victor mumbles looking surprised.
"Now tell me..." Warrick walks over to me with eagerness. "Do you have it?"
I am confused by this question and I don't know how to answer it. I am actually confused by all of it. Why is he acting like this now? Does he really believe that I am his daughter? "Have...what?" I am afraid to even ask this.
"The gift..." he says. "I look at Colt. I remember him saying something about a gift or a power but I am still at a loss.
Warrick smiles and looks directly into my eyes.
Suddenly he takes a knife from his back and holds it up to me. "Kill Alexis."
"What?!"
Now with a serious expression, he moves close. I want to step back but I feel like that would be a bad idea and it doesn't matter cause I am paralyzed. He looks into my eyes and I think I see his eyes dilate. "Kill...Alexis," he repeats. Kill...Colt?
I look at Colt but he looks calm. I hate it. I hate that he seems unbothered by all of this.
He told me to do everything that Warrick told me to do but I can't do this. I won't!
I look back at Warrick taking a deep breath. "No," I say.
Every single person in the room gasps.
"She...refused..." Victor whispers.
Still looking angry and serious, Warrick stares at me but then to my surprise, the corner of his mouth slides up and he puts on a big smile.
"My daughter!"
What the hell is going on? Does this man really believe I am his daughter? What the hell?
He looks at everyone with a big smile. "A joyous day!"
"Maybe a celebration is in order, Alpha?" Beck asks.
"Indeed, but first..." Warrick suddenly disappears from my sight and then a man falls to his knees with blood on his chest. Warrick holds the man's heart in his hand.
I immediately cover my mouth trying to hold my gasp in. No one else seems surprised.
Warrick lets the heart fall, then takes out a handkerchief and starts cleaning his hand while he now looks at me.
"He hurt you, sweetheart." He says.
Hurt me?
I look at the man on the floor and now I notice that it is the man who brought me in. The one who twisted my wrist.
My eyes go back to Warrick.
This man has no impulse control. This is a crazy and dangerous man.
"No one hurts a Chevalier but...me or under my orders," he says.
I take a deep breath and whisper. "Che...valier?"
"Our family name. You are-"
He stops and turns to me. "Is Cass... Casseopea?"
My eyes widen.
How? How does he know that?
Colt's words come to mind.
"Cass...what I have to tell Warren now, it is completely true. So listen up carefully...you need to act like you already know all of this and you are here willingly." That is what he said to me.
But...this can't be true. I can't be this monster's daughter! I can't be!
"Your real name is Azalea.
Casseopea was your mother's real name. I see she passed the necklace down to you."
He looks at the necklace around my n*ck.
I am in shock. This is all...true? I really am his...daughter?
"Casseopea Chevelier. That is your full name now...mh...I never liked the name but... you can keep it. It reminds me of your mother."
This...this is real?
"And to think. The Blood River Pack had a princess in their grasp all along." He starts laughing. "Such fools!"
"So this is real, father?" Victor asks cutting through the laughter of all the men.
"Yes." He looks at everyone. "This is Casseopea, my eldest daughter." He looks back at me. "And my successor." Succ...succesor!
"But-Father!" Victor starts to complain but Warrick speaks over him.
"She has the gift. You don't and neither does your brother. Now quietly accept this before I make you do something you'll regret." Victor lowers his head. "Yes, Alpha."
Warrick turns to me, his demeanor changing from cold to warm. He stares at me with pride. "I will teach you to be great!"
I am paralyzed. I don't know what to think anymore.
Warrick walks over to Colt and pats his shoulder. "Well done my boy. Well done and welcome back."
Colt nods. "Thank you, Alpha. I am only grateful that I can serve you further."
Warrick nods. "You will."
Warrick turns to everyone.
"This is what loyalty looks like! Take a note, boys!"
No one seems happy, especially Beck
"Poppy!" Warrick calls out. A woman that I had not noticed before, walks around the desk. She has brown straight hair in a bob haircut. She is very pretty with blue eyes, perfect features and wears a pink tight short classy dress. "Take care of my daughter."
He tells her.
She nods. "Of course, my love."
She looks at me with a smile.
"Come with me."
As she walks away, I slowly start to move again, finally regaining feeling in my legs.
I look back at Colt as I leave but he does not look at me at all. I know he has to be like this but I do not like it one bit.
Once out of the room, the lady leads me to the elevator.
"So you are Dahlia's daughter?"
"D-Dahlia?"
"Alpha Warrick renames all of his brides with flower names. I am Poppy. Obviously, that is not my real name. Dahlia was Casseopea."
I keep silent as we ride the elevator just one floor down.
Once out, she leads me through a hall until she stops in front of a door.
She opens it and walks in. "Come. This will be your room for a few hours until we leave for the pack. Go clean yourself. Take a shower and I will be back with fresh clothes for you." She turns on the light and after I walk in, she goes back out, closing the door behind her and then locking it from the outside. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.The room is nice and big but I don't even care about that at this moment. What have I gotten myself into? What am I supposed to do?
I slowly sit on the bed.
This can't be right. I can't be his daughter. I can't be. I am Cass, an Omega clutz with anger issues. But...he knew so much...
I look down at my burn mark. I have always thought that the burn looked as if it was done on purpose but I don't remember anything about it.
I close my eyes.
So my mother ran, she fled to get me away from this monster who was supposed to be my father. Is that what happened? And here I am. I ended back with him.
As real as this all seems, I just can't believe it. I can't.
"Oh Colt...what are we going to do?"
I get up and walk to the window. I move the curtains and take in the view.
If only I could fly I'd throw myself out of this window.
I close my eyes feeling helpless and then I go and take a shower. It is a quick one. As much as I need a nice warm relaxing shower, I can't relax at this moment.
When I come out of the bathroom in a towel, there are already folded clothes on my bed. Jeans and a white frilly blouse.
With a sigh, I start to put them on. When I am done, I go to look in the mirror but something catches my attention. I see shadows coming from behind my door. As I stare at it wondering who is there, a note is slipped through the floor and then I hear whoever is behind the door leave. I immediately take it and unfold it.
###Chapter 27
'I will come to you soon. You are safe. He won't hurt you. He is too excited to have you back right now.
To have me back...then he was telling the truth? Am I really that man's daughter?
I continue to read the letter.
'Cass, I will find a way to get us out. Please, trust me.'
And that is how the letter ends.
"Trust him...of course, I trust him."
I don't think I have ever trusted anyone this much besides Lauren and James...Lauren and James...oh how I wish to see them right now.
I am afraid. I am scared. So suddenly everything has changed.
The door abruptly opens and Poppy strides in. I immediately hide the letter in my jeans pocket.
"It's time to go, princess," she says.
"Why are you calling me that?" I ask.
"The Alpha told us to call you this and he has his own reasons. In his world, he is king and you are his daughter, his successor to be Alpha of our pack." "Alpha? Female werewolves are not Alpha's of packs even if they are of Alpha blood."
"You will be the first then. He will have no other taking over the pack now."
This is all so overwhelming. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Poppy sees my hesitation and she sighs. "Look, I get that suddenly everything is different. But...you need to be on your toes here. This pack is...a hard pack to be a part of and we do things differently. That is how the Alpha likes it."
"The Alpha...my father...he is cruel, isn't he?"
"Beyond belief," she says without any hesitation. "But that is only if you are on his bad side. Never be on his bad side." I nod.
She continues. "But a word of advice for you...don't just follow orders because you are afraid of him. Everyone does that. I saw how he looked at you when you refused his command. He seemed...intrigued. No one ever refuses him and I don't mean just because of his power."
"Power, tell me about that. I keep hearing this, but I don't understand it," I say eagerly.
"I am sorry but the car is already waiting for you."
She walks out and I follow her. Three guards stand in the hall and as we pass by them, they follow us.
As we stand in front of the elevator waiting for it to come to us, I want to ask her more but she doesn't seem to be in a chatty mood now.
When the elevator doors open, Colt is there with another man.
Goddess! All I want to do is run into his arms and let him hold me but I restrain myself.
After seeing me, he averts his gaze and looks straight ahead. I stand right in front of him but we are very close because now the elevator is cramped.
As the elevator doors close and the contraption starts to move, my hand pulls back and touches his hand. It is impossible for anyone to see this.
I honestly thought that he would pull away but he doesn't. He caresses my hand back and it makes me feel so much better. My body completely relaxes and I am sure he can see it.
I am forced to separate from him when the door opens and we all have to move out.
We walk towards the entrance and I am very aware of Colt behind us.
Once outside, two black cars stop in front of us. One of the guards-a tall big guy who looks more like one with Alpha blood- opens the door for me and I am urged to get in. Poppy slides next to me and then the door is closed.
"We will ride alone?" I ask looking back and seeing Colt get into the other car and then I see Victor get into the same car with him.
"Yes," Poppy says. "Every member of the Alpha family rides separately in their own car. This is in case there is an attack. It makes it harder to kill off the Alpha family.
Alpha Warrick already went on ahead."
"I see." She suddenly points to the guard that just got into the front passenger side. The one that opened my door.
"This is Serge, he will be guarding you for now."
Serge looks back and gives me a nod. "Princess." His voice is so low and it almost scares me but he doesn't look mean. He is so big and on the chunky side that it reminds me of a big bear instead of a wolf. "How long is it going to take us to get to the pack?" I ask Poppy
"A few hours. By now the house must have been informed of your arrival and they will be out to greet you when we arrive."
The ride is longer than I thought it would be. I am quiet most of the time but that is because I am in my head thinking about everything that has happened and wondering about what will happen now.
I take a look at Poppy who seems distracted staring at the scenery.
Such a pretty lady. She looks so nice, poised, and calm.
"How did you end up as one of Warrick's mates?" I gasp the moment that question leaves my lips. "I am sorry. I shouldn't have asked that."
She smiles. "It's quite alright. My real mate was a brute. He would beat me, starve me, rape me. Alpha Warrick may be many things and a cruel man to most but he has never mistreated his brides in that kind of way. We may be wall ornaments to him but, it is better than the hell I was living."
Not once did she feel sorry for herself as she said all this.
She was so open about it.
"So you willingly became one of his mates..."
"Yes."
"What about the others?"
"Lotus and Jasmin," she says. I look at her confused because I thought Skye was one of his brides.
"I know, flower names. I don't know why Alpha Warrick has a thing for changing our names to the names of flowers but I don't mind it to be honest.""
Oh! So one of these girls is Skye. That's an odd thing to do.
"Lotus is nice and is the one who has been the longest with Alpha Warrick. She is also Victor's mother."
So then that means that Jasmin must be Skye.
"Jasmin...she is young and eager to please in all the wrong ways."
As she talked all this time, she never ripped her eyes from the scenery outside until now when she turns to me.
"I've heard of your mother. Dahlia...or Casseopea. Unfortunately, I didn't get to meet her. She was Alpha Warrick's true mate. When he felt her die... that is the only time he acted out of character. He retreated to his room for weeks. He thought you had died too." "You make it seem like he is such a thoughtful man."
"He is not. But he loved your mother. And you are her daughter..." she leans in and whispers. "... use that to your advantage." As quickly as she leaned in, she pulls back. "We are here."
I look out the window and I am astounded.
"Uhm... what is this?" There is a luxurious mansion standing in front of us and behind it, there is a field and in the distance, there is what I am sure is a pack house. "This is the main house.
Where the Alpha family, the Beta family, the brides, and the generals stay. Not the pack house."
"This house is..."
"It is a modern mansion with a hint of a Victorian style."
Outside, I notice a bunch of people standing and looking in our direction.
Serge opens the door for me and I step out where the people start greeting me. They lower their heads and call me princess.
Warrick walks out of the house with a big smile.
I take in a deep breath. I know I have to play this game so I force a small smile on my lips.
"You've finally arrived.
Come. We are having dinner now and tomorrow we will have a celebration to honor your return and to introduce you to the pack."
He puts a hand on my back as we walk up the stairs that lead to the front door. Once inside, I can't help but gape at the magnitude of this house. It is unlike anything I have ever seen. The word Luxurious comes short.
Two sets of stairs lead to the upper floors, one on each side of the wall, and in between them, there is a hall.
"During this dinner, you will be meeting my brides, your brothers, the Beta, and my generals. Dress accordingly." He turns to Poppy. "Show her to her room."
She nods at him and starts walking up the stairs. As I follow her, I look behind me to where Colt now walks in.
He glances at me but quickly looks away. I am learning not to take that personally. I know he can't react to me but I still really don't like it.
Suddenly a girl runs toward Colt and jumps on him, giving him a tight hug.
"You are back! I was so scared! I thought I'd never see you again." She leans back and cups his face with her hands to look at him.
The last thing I am able to see before turning to a hall is Colt pulling back before she almost kisses him on the lips.
Needless to say, I am suddenly seething inside. I feel like I am going to blow up like a volcano.
Poppy starts speaking bringing my attention back to her and I take this moment to calm down as we enter a hall on the left side of the house. "The left wing is the Alpha families wing and this is your room." She stops in front of a white door. They are all white and they have beautiful carvings on them. It looks very regal.
She opens the door and I have to stop for a moment to take it all in. "This...is my room?"
"Yes. It is your own suite." She walks inside and goes through another door where she disappears. I start looking at everything. There is an area that is a living space with sofas and a TV and then on the other corner is my bed. Then on the wall that is next to the door that leads outside, there is a small kitchenette. It is like a large studio apartment. It has soft pink sofas and white curtains. Everything has light and pastel colors and it looks so peaceful.
Poppy walks out with a dress in hand. It is ivory in color and covered in rhinestones.
"This will do nicely. Put this on while I go get my makeup kit." I blink at her a few times.
"Here," she says putting the dress in my hands. I take it and she immediately leaves. I stare down at this dress and then take a deep breath. I take my clothes off and then carefully start putting it on but I can't seem to. It has buttons on the back and I can't reach them so I struggle but luckily, Poppy comes back.
"Let me help you with that." She moves me to the big mirror in the corner and buttons up my dress.
I am mesmerized as I look at myself in the mirror. I have never seen my body look so good before. Poppy moves the hair that covers my shoulder as she also looks at the mirror. "Perfect," she whispers. "A mermaid-style dress suits you just right."
My scars are fully visible but somehow, they don't bother me. This dress looks too good on me to make me care about my scars.
I look up at her and see her looking into my eyes now. "It was your mothers." She says. "The dress and this room were your mothers."
###Chapter 28
I stare back at myself. "I...I don't even know what she looked like." I never gave this much thought. I don't know if it was my subconscious trying to protect me but, I never thought about my real mother, until now. I have always had to be so strong. It is like I have been numb all this time and now I am finally starting to feel something. Sadness. "Come. Let's fix your hair." She gently pulls me to a chair. "Such pretty hair," she mutters as she starts working with it.
She is gentle and doesn't pull on it. She puts my hair into a simple updo bun. It is not slick, but still curly. I like it because it is simple. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Alright, makeup," she says getting in front of me. "I'll keep it simple and clean. Just enhance your natural beauty." "Natural beauty? With these scars?"
"These are an indication of what you have survived. It means you are a warrior. I have my own scars and I never cover them. I wear them with pride because I overcame it all. You should too." She says. This woman is making me think differently about many things.
After a few minutes, she is done. I have never in my life wore makeup. I feel weird but I can see that I look good. She did keep it nice and simple which I am happy about.
"There. Now let's get your shoes, and head downstairs. It's just about time."
She pulls out ivory-colored shoes that match the dress perfectly. They are heels. I put them on and we both look at them.
"That's perfect. Let's go."
We start to walk out but then with no warning, I fall.
She gasps and all I can do is laugh.
"Are you okay?!" she asks with panic.
"Yes. I have never walked in heels."
"Oh my..." She smiles. "Okay. Let's fix that." She goes back into the closet and gets me a different pair of shoes. They still have a bit of length to them but not as much as the first ones.
I put them on and walk with them perfectly fine. Still giggling because of my mishap, we walk through the hall but suddenly, Poppy stops.
She looks at me and smiles.
Then she looks up at the wall where there is a painting.
"You said that you didn't know what your mother looked like. This is her."
I stare at the painting and suddenly, I feel emotional.
She was so beautiful and I can't deny the resemblance.
She had long curly hair like mine but hers was a lighter brown and she had hazel eyes.
Up until now, I didn't know how much I needed this.
"Thank you...Poppy."
She smiles and nods. "I'll have someone bring a picture of her to your room so you can have it with you. Now let's get going"
Somehow, amidst everything that is happening, I feel just a bit of happiness.
I enter the dining room with a small smile but it soon falls when it is filled with people that immediately look at me as I enter. Poppy leads me to a chair next to Warrick. As I slide next to the man, I scan the room looking for Colt and the moment I see him, I immediately relax. He stands among the crowd of people at the table.
"My...daughter." Warrick's voice is a bit broken as he talks to me. I stare up at him to see him eying me with what seems to me is just a bit of sad emotions.
"You look just like your mother..." He whispers low enough for me to be the only one who hears him.
He looks down for a second, reaching for his composure, and then suddenly that sadness he has is gone as if it never was there. He gets up and everyone who is seated gets up as well.
Warrick looks at my dress.
"You look incredible. Indeed you are your mother's daughter." His words feel almost rehersed, as if it was something generic he would tell anyone. As if the man who looked at me with so many emotions running through him just a few seconds ago when I first seated was never real.
His eyes avert back to the small crowd of people who stand around the table.
"This...is my daughter, Casseopea. My eldest child. Dahlia's daughter. Unbeknown to me, she survived and all these years, she was under the enemy's nose." He looks at me. "She will be succeding me. She is a true Alpha."
I almost gasped thinking about this now. I hadn't realized this but if he is really my father-which I am starting to believe he is- I am of Alpha blood. I...am an Alpha!
When it comes to female Alphas, there is very little difference from them to Betas, Gammas, or Omegas other than the blood that flows through their veins. However, I was always taller in my wolf form but I never gave it much thought. Warrick speaks to me. "Casseopea, these are my brides. Lotus and Jasmin. Poppy, you already know."
I immediately noticed Skye and I was right, she is Jasmin now. She looks a bit different. Her blond hair is now long and she dresses very luxuriously.
I am sure she recognizes me but I am not sure what she is thinking. Her blue eyes show an expression of confusion and fear. Maybe she thinks that I will recognize her and tell Warrick who she is. But I would never do that because that would give Colt away. Lotus is a bit older. Seems she would be my mother's age. She has thin brown hair and green eyes. She looks at me with a sweet smile.
"The last time I saw you, you were a tiny little thing." She says.
I give her a small smile.
"And these are my seven generals," Warrick says. "You already met Alexis, Beck, and your brother Victor. Part of my generals are also your other brother, Garret."
He waves to a man with light brown hair almost blond in a short but wavy style. He has dark eyes and is very handsome. Victor is too but Garret seems less intimidating though he does not look very happy right now.
"You also already met Serge. He is also one of my generals." I look at Serge who gives me a nod. The man seems to be so quiet all the time.
"And these are the rest of my generals, Rodrick, and then Archie who is also my Beta."
The two men give me a nod. Rodrick is much older with white hair and a scar across his face.
I have to admit that even though they have smiles on their faces, they do not look happy at all.
"Now tell me, how is it that you came to be in the enemy's pack and how did you survive all these years?" Warrick asks now sitting back on his chair.
Everyone else does the same and so do I. I push through and find the courage to use my voice.
"Well...I was told I was found near the river that travels through the pack.
Mother...was dead. A couple found me first and they immediately took me in and raised me as their own. No one knew who I was...neither did I." He nods with his eyes closed.
Then he opens them and looks at Colt.
"And tell me, Alexis, how is it that you came across her and what made you believe she was my daughter."
"Well, I was taken prisoner and so was she."
Alpha Warrick looks confused.
"I punched the Alpha's daughter and I was taken to the dungeon as punishment." I quickly say.
Suddenly, Warrick starts laughing. "You display so many characteristics of your mother and you don't even know it. She was a feisty one."
Somehow, at this moment, he doesn't seem so scary. Maybe it is because he is in a good mood.
Colt continues. "In the cells, she was attacked by a man.
That is when she displayed her power. I immediately knew she must be your daughter."
I am staring at Colt with my eyes wide.
So it was me. I did kill him. I killed Niles. But how? Was it just by thinking about it?
"I told her who she was and she helped me escape. That is how we made our way back to you." Colt finishes.
"My boy, you will be greatly rewarded for this. You will have the top seat on my table from now on next to the Beta. Beck, move."
"You honor me, Alpha." Colt gets up and gives him a bow.
Beck on the other hand looks pissed. He gets up and as he walks past Colt, he hits him on his shoulder with his own shoulder.
"You won't be there for too long," Beck says.
Colt ignores him and Warrick doesn't seem to care.
Now Colt is much closer.
Skye does not look at him and Colt doesn't even glance at her either. It is strange for me to see them like this when all I remember was them together.
But his presence makes me feel at ease. Isn't this how mates are supposed to feel with each other? I feel more of a connection with Colt than I ever did with Ezra. Ezra...I have not felt any pain at all. Has he gone celibate? I want to laugh at my own stupid joke but I hold it in.
I was afraid of what was going to happen at this dinner but the evening went well. A bit too well if I am honest. Warrick and most of his men drank too much.
Poppy takes me back to my room when they start getting riled up.
"Is that how he always is?" I ask Poppy as she helps me undress.
"No. I have to admit, he was in a very good mood today. It is rare to see him like that."
"Do you not fear him?"
"Sometimes. When he gets angry and violent, me and the other brides just leave him be. He doesn't mistreat us as long as we are loyal to him. When it comes to matters of the pack, now that is a different story. To me, it always seems like he believes that he has to rule with an iron fist. He prefers for people to fear him."
"That's sad," I mutter.
"Now, have a good rest. I'll see you tomorrow." She says and leaves.
I go to the drawers where I start to look for something to wear and I find a drawer
filled with sleepwear. I put on a pajama that is like a big shirt. It is soft and comfortable.
When I turn, I almost lose my shit. The shadow of a man stands in front of me but I quickly notice that it is Colt so I stop myself from doing a karate chop on his a*s. Not that I know how to do one but whatever I did would still hurt.
"How did you get in? You scared me!"
He smiles and takes me in a hug. "I came through the balcony. But don't leave your door unlocked again."
"Why? Because handsome men will start poring in?"
He chuckles. "Yes. Exactly that."
I close my eyes feeling his tight embrace.
"I was so scared, Colt," I whisper.
"I know. I am sorry we ended up in this situation. This is not how it was supposed to be."
I back up and look up at him. "Is he really my father, then?"
Colt nods. "I believe he is."
"And this power?"
He backs away and sits on the bed. "You are familiar with Alpha command?"
I nod. "Yes, but this is not that."
"No. It is similar but stronger. You come from an old line of werewolf family. They were thought of as royals a long time ago because of their power. There were three families with this power. The Solveig, the Gunnvald and your family, the Chevalier. However, not everyone in the family gets this power. Only those who are born with the will of a true Alpha inherit this power. None of your brothers have it."
"And...what is this power?"
"Similar to Alpha command, you can control someone's mind. As you know, some Alphas of packs have Alpha command. This is when they are able to give a command to their pack members. Now, a pack member can fight the command but it hurts them to do so however it is possible to disobey. You're power however cannot be disobeyed. Your power...can command the soul, the body itself to do anything and this is anyone, not just your pack."
"So...if I command someone to die...their heart will stop beating..." He closes his eyes and nods.
"So I did kill him." He nods again but this time he gets up and holds me.
I look up at him. "I didn't want to kill him. Not really."
"Don't feel sorry for that. He deserved it."
"You should run. Go back to your pack," I tell him.
"What?"
"Warrick is never going to let me go now that he knows I exist. I am sure of this. But you shouldn't have to be here because of me."
"I won't leave you."
"Why? You owe me nothing."
"Maybe I am in love with you. I don't have to owe you anything if I am in love."
I squint my eyes. "In love?
Really?" I ask with an obvious doubting expression.
"But...what if I did love you?"
He asks sounding serious.
"How can you love me when we don't really know each other? I would accept it if we were actually mates. The mate bond would make us fall in love with each other after such a short time together but-"
He interrupts, "Do you not feel safe with me? Do you not look for me whenever you are out? Do you not think of me whenever you are alone, unable to rid me out of your mind?"
I do feel all of that. Is this what love is?
"I have never felt love before, so I guess I wouldn't know what it looks or feels like," I tell him.
"Then maybe, this is what it looks like," he whispers.
###Chapter 29
"Maybe...this IS love."
Colt's eyes feel like they pierce through my soul. He leans in, his warm lips touching mine. It is a tender sweet soft k*ss that ends too soon.
He pulls back and hugs me. "You are...the bravest person I know, you know that?" He whispers.
I laugh. "I am scared shitless, Colt. I am just trying to do what you told me and keep calm."
"Well, you are doing a good job." I pull back and look up at him. He caresses my arms as he stares back.
"I am the daughter of your enemy. Do you still want me even when you know this?"
He smiles. "I have known you since we were children.
You are not like him. You showed me this when we were imprisoned together. I see you."
I lean my head on his chest and hug him. He hugs me back and kisses my head. "I will keep you safe and I will get us out of this."
"Colt..." "Mhm?"
"I can only assume that this was all for show. Things are worse in this pack, aren't they?"
He stays quiet for a few seconds. "This is how this side of the pack lives. Those who originally belong to the pack are treated as pack members but those who don't....those who were prisoners once and were forced to become part of the pack...they are the ones that suffer. But you will see all of this eventually. I've only been a general for three years. The first six I spent on the other side of this place. The reforming camp."
"It's really bad, isn't it?"
"...Yeah."
"How long do you think we will have to stay here?"
"I'm not going to lie here, getting out of here will not be easy. Especially because you probably will not be allowed to leave at all or to be on your own."
I look down feeling disappointed. "Will it even be possible?"
"Cass, whatever happens, I am not leaving you. I will stay with you until we both can leave."
I don't doubt him at all. "Colt... would you sleep with me?"
"Angel, Someone could come in."
"Then just for a little while. I don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight."
He kisses my head and nods. "Okay. Just for a little while." He takes the suit jacket off and lies with me on the huge bed, holding me.
"Hey...who was that woman that greeted you when we arrived?" I ask him, remembering."
"Colt?"
I hear him taking a breath. "A friend."
"Friend? You mean lover?"
"No. Friend. I was never intimate with her in that way. She is someone I could talk to at times and I care about her but I never took it to that level. Just a friend. However...I know of her feelings for me. Feelings I do not share."
"She tried to kiss you."
"And I pulled away." He says as a matter of fact. "I can only assume she did that out of shock and excitement to see me again."
"Mh...okay."
He squeezes me. "You are the one I want."
I smile and close my eyes. This man came into my life out of nowhere and completely turned it upside down. But even with everything that is happening, I choose to keep him in my life. I want to believe that he truly does care about me.
I am surprised that it feels so peaceful and immediately, my eyes close and I drift off to sleep.
When I wake up, I am alone. Dawn light slips through the window. With a sigh, I feel the empty bed where he lay last night.
"Could this really be love?" I mutter. "So soon and easy?"
Someone suddenly knocks on the door but before I can respond, Poppy walks in.
"Time to wake up. We have a lot to do today." She announces.
After getting ready-and this time I dress more casually, jeans and a T-shirt-we head for breakfast. In the dining room this time it is not just the generals but their families who are also here having breakfast. It is a bit intimidating having to walk in a full room like this. Poppy walks up to Lotus-Warrick's other bride who I met yesterday. Poppy sits next to her and pats the other chair next to her that is empty looking at me.
I sit and soon after, breakfast is brought to me. I don't see Warrick anywhere or Colt.
"How was your first night?" Lotus asks with eagerness.
She stares at me with a smile. I think on the questions. With Colt's arms around me, I slept like a baby.
"Uhm...it was good," I reply.
"Good..." Lotus continues to stare at me but now her smile seems strained. "To think...that you ended up back here..."
Poppy looks at her. "Lotus..."
"I am just saying...it's a...shame..."
"Lotus, not now," Poppy warns her.
"Dahlia risked her life and even died trying to get her away from here but here she is-"
"Lotus!" Poppy whispers angrily and holds her hand, stopping her from continuing.
"Fine...fine..."
My attention is taken by the girl who tried to kiss Colt when we arrived. She walks in and takes a seat at the end of the table.
A brown hair girl with dark eyes.
"Who is that?" I ask Poppy since Colt barely gave me anything last night when I asked him about her.
"That's Julia. Rodrick's youngest daughter."
"The general old man with a scar?" She nods.
Suddenly, right in front of us, Skye sits.
She crosses her arms as she stares at Poppy and Lotus, and then her eyes land on me.
"Good morning...Casseopea." She says but in no way does that sound genuine.
"Morning," I say.
"It is nice to see you again." She softly mutters.
With the way she says it, I doubt that she actually means it.
The whole time she is here, she is mean to the servers and people around her. She has gotten worse than I remember her to be. Seems very entitled.
When I am almost done with my food, Colt walks in through the doors. My heart wants to start jumping out of excitement when I see him.
He looks so handsome dressed so sharply in a blue suit. He sees me and quickly looks away. He then sits a few chairs away, facing me, but he does not look at me once. When Skye sees him, she just rolls her eyes and goes back to her food.
If I am honest, it is kind of weird for me to see them like this. Like they were strangers which I can see that now they are.
I watch as Julia takes her tray of food and slides next to Colt.
I get what he told me but it still makes my blood boil.
"Come. Alpha Warrick has instructed me to bring you to his office after breakfast."
Poppy says and with that my demeanor changes. Now my nerves have rattled again. The last thing I want to see is him especially this early.
I get up as she does, leaving our trays on the table. A server quickly scurries over and takes the dishes away.
I give Colt one last look-which he does not return-before walking out and following Poopy through the hall. We approach a door and she opens it for me.
Immediately we see Victor and Garret inside but no one else is there. The desk in the middle of the room is empty.
"Wait here," Poppy says.
I slowly walk in and she closes the door behind me. I start to feel like I am trapped.
Both guys stare at me and the silence stretches until Garret moves closer.
"So you are our sister..." he says and looks me up and down. I can see a bit of distaste in his expression.
"Yes," I say trying not to sound doubtful.
"And you have the gift." He now starts slowly walking around me as if he was examining me.
"So it seems."
"You are not sure then?" he asks.
I shrug my shoulders.
"Dad tested her. She has it." Victor says.
"He tested me?" I ask.
"Yes, when he asked you to kill Alexis. He used his power on you. You refused. The power only works on those who do not have the power. Garret and I couldn't resist a command like that." "Maybe it was a trick. Maybe she is a phony trying to infiltrate the pack. You can see it, she is not sure."
I feel like these accusations could be dangerous for me and he is getting on my last nerve now.
"I am sure that I killed a man, his heart stopped just because I wanted him to die. I have no control over this power but it seems that my emotions...or anger, trigger it. Care to test it?"
I look straight into his eyes and he immediately looks away, purposely avoiding eye contact.
Suddenly the door opens and Warrick walks in.
"Good. You are all here." He walks around us and sits on the edge of his desk in front of us.
"All of my children together at last." He gives a quick point at Victor. "Victor here will be teaching you how to fight. How to properly defend yourself." He looks at Garret. "From Garret, you will learn war." Warrick does not waste any time.
"War?"
"He is an excellent strategist. You will convene in the war room for counseling. Garret leads those meetings when I am not there. I don't want you to talk, just listen and take it all in. Learn from your brothers. You might be the one taking over one day but they are the ones who know more about this world than you do."
"So we are teachers now?" Garret asks and he doesn't sound happy at all.
Warrick crosses his arms and gives him a look. "I'll make it clear just this once, son...she is all that matters now. My legacy lives through her. So I expect everyone to give their life for the cause, even you two."
I hate that he says this. It sounds so wrong. How can he say this to his sons who have grown up with him? How can he be so cruel towards them?
"Is that understood?" he asks.
"Yes, Alpha." they both say.
He walks closer and even though I want to back away, I don't. He suddenly moves my hair toward my back and gently places a hand on my neck. I do not find this s****l in any way, he just seems curious. "Not mated..." he mutters.
"Good." He turns around.
"Nothing to distract you."
I beg to differ on that. Colt is a huge distraction because all I do is think about him.
Oh my gosh! What happens if he finds out who my mate is? Will I be in trouble? But then again, there is no way he can find out. I am sure of that.
A knock suddenly comes on the door.
"Enter," Warrick says with command.
Serge walks in with Colt behind him and my heart jumps.
I am surprised at how much this is happening with him. Maybe he is right. Maybe...it is love.
"Serge, Alexis, good. Listen up. You both will be my daughter's personal bodyguards from now on.
I could cheer right now from the happiness that I get to see Colt more now but obviously, I don't.
"While in the pack, you will be scheduled to a rotation but if ever outside of the pack, you both will perform your guarding duties together. Should something ever happen to her, it will be your heads."
He almost seems like an overprotective parent but I know it is not out of fatherly love. He only cares about this power of mine. If I didn't have it, I am sure he'd had me sweeping the mud outside or something like that.
Warrick waves a hand at them. "Figure out your schedules." Both Serge and Colt give a bow and walk back out.
"Now if you all would excuse me, I have my morning destressing routine to do."
Warrick walks out leaving us there in brutal silence until I get the courage to speak.
"Uhm...I am sorry...what he said to you both was cruel..." I say.
Both Victor and Garret look surprised.
"He is a cruel man. We don't expect anything less." Victor says.
"And you are too soft for this. You are going to have to grow a pair if you want to survive here." Garret says as he walks out.
I am about to walk out too but I feel a bit paralyzed when I feel Victor staring at me.
"...What?" I ask.
He shakes his head.
"You...took away my position. I was angry at first but now...I don't think I really care that much about it anymore...and I feel sorry for you."
"S-sorry for me? Why?"
"You'll see. Father expects great things from you. He can be a cruel man and not even his children are immune to his wrath so...I wish you luck." He says now also walking away. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I don't know how to take that. He really does not seem to be angry and neither is he concerned.
Poppy pops her head in. "Done? Time to see your home."
My...home...is that what this is now?
###Chapter 30
This...this can't be my home. I refuse to call this place my home.
I watch as men and women are displayed like cattle. As we continue to walk, we come across an area where a man is bent over a tree stump, and from behind, a guard holds a long hot metal rod that he presses against the man's spine. The man screams as the metal brands his back and smoke comes out.
"What is this, Poppy?" I whisper.
"This is the reforming camp. As she says this, we walk near a few erected cemented walls. On these walls, there are chained werewolves in their werewolf form aggressively trying to get free and trying to attack the guards. I can see how the silver chains burn through their skin. The guards whip them with silver thin wires that cut through the werewolf's skin. It is horrible to watch.
"These are mostly Alpha werewolves who do not want to comply...so they are being broken," Poppy explains.
I look away, unable to stand it. And then I see it. What Colt had told me about.
There is a long rectangular stage in the middle of the camp. On the stage, there are long wooden poles with chains and attached to these chains are what I believe to be men and women. It is hard to make out because their skin has been melted just like Colt told me, with silver liquid. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.They breathe but these people are not alive, not really. I feel so disgusted.
And to think that this is all what Colt, Dash, and the others all went through. I want to cry just thinking about it.
"Why did you bring me here first, Poppy?"
This is behind the official pack house about a hundred feet away from it. It is far away from the main home where I am staying so you really can't see any of this.
"I didn't want to show you the worst part last because then it is the only thing that will stick with you."
I shake my head. "It will still haunt me. This is horrible."
She looks down and nods.
I look behind us where Colt walks a few feet away, following us as he guards me. He looks at me but I can't read his expression. There is no sadness, anger, or anything else.
"Let's go to the pack house," Poppy says but as she says this, we pass by a small building that almost looks like a bunker. In front, there are two chained men. I put a hand on my mouth as I stare at them. They have muscle tendons showing on their back as if the outer skin was cut from their body in precise long rectangular strips. Skinned alive yet still alive.
Poppy notices where I stare. "Uhm...it's a punishment..."
"No...it's hellish t*****e."
After what seems an eternity of silence, Poppy leads us to the front of the pack house where now you can't see or hear what is happening in the back. The pack house is bigger than the one on Colt's pack.
When she goes in, the house is filled with children running around laughing and playing. To anyone else, this would be a tender sight but I know these are orphans and probably many are children to the people being tortured in the back. "Miss Poppy! Miss Poppy! Who is that?!" They ask Poppy and look at me with curiosity.
"This is Miss Casseopea." She responds. "Did you all hear that there will be a festival tonight!" "Yeaaaah!" they all cheer.
Leaving the children with their excitement, Poppy leads me through the pack house meeting a few of the pack members. They are all curious as to who I am but Poppy only tells them my name and reminds them of the festival tonight. Between the pack house and the main house, there are fields of crops and I can even see some cattle in the distance.
Poppy points to the forest on the right. "There is a lake in that direction. That is where we have our moon festivals and you can go there whenever you are looking for a swim." She points to the left. "There are jogging trails that way. And that is it. You are free to roam the areas with your guards but...you are not allowed to leave the pack territory. Not without your father's permission."
"Okay." That is all I say.
She pats my back and walks away.
I head back to the house. As I walk back, people stare at me and I am not used to it, though at this moment I am very distracted by something weighing heavy on my chest.
I walk inside the house from a door in the back. I have no idea where in the house I am but I start walking through a hall. Colt is silent behind me.
The feeling inside me busts and I am unable to get to my room before I am overwhelmed by these feelings. I turn to a door and open it. It looks like a fancy living area but it is empty of people.
Once inside, my hands cover my face. I hear the door close behind me. "What is wrong?! What is it?!" Colt asks sounding a bit desperate.
"I...I...I am sorry.
"What?"
I lift my head to face him.
"Why are you crying?" he asks.
I can see that he fights with himself to try not to come over and comfort me.
I point to the window.
"That... out there...that was not okay."
He takes in a deep breath and nods. "I know. But you will get used to it."
"No. I will not allow myself to get used to seeing that. It is so wrong." I look up at him. "I am sorry."
"Why are you saying this to me?" He asks still confused.
"I am so sorry for what you went through," I tell him.
He slightly smiles. "It's okay. I am okay."
"How are you okay?"
Taking a deep breath, he looks around the room making sure no one is there. He then suddenly picks me up and sits me on a console table that is against a wall, almost knocking down the decorative vases on it. His hands cup my face and he looks straight into my eyes. "I am okay because every day that passes, you mend my heart just a bit more."
I look into his eyes and he looks into mine. I could get lost in those green orbs for all eternity and not mind one bit.
He starts to get close and I whisper. "You are so...corny."
Even as I say this, I still have tears in my eyes.
He stops and looks at me with surprise. "Corny!?"
I start laughing-wiping my tears-and so does he. But then he grabs my chin and crashes his lips with mine. "Mh..." I moan.
He ends the k*ss, smiles, and mutters. "This girl calling me corny and ruining the moment..."
This makes me laugh again.
"Hey...could we... could we go for a run tonight?" I ask him.
"After the festival?" He looks down as he thinks, then nods. "Yes. I think we can.
"You are free to roam the pack as Poppy said. Just as long as we don't cross the border." he says.
"And what if we did. What if we ran? There is nothing stopping us now."
"Nothing? Except that Warrick has the borders heavily guarded, not to mention the men he has outside near the pack. We wouldn't get far, Cass. And besides, this is probably a test. There is no way he is a hundred percent convinced about all of this. He'll want to see if you will stay or leave. I am sure that putting me as your guard is also a test for me. So..."
He backs away and takes me down from the table. "Let's not do anything stupid."
I take in a deep breath feeling irritated but nod.
He opens the door and walks out then waits out in the hall for me.
I come out and start walking but I have no idea where I am going. Suddenly, Victor appears in front of me.
"There you are. Here."
He hands me a piece of paper.
"What is this?"
"Your training schedule, you start tomorrow." He says and nonchalantly walks away.
I look at the time on the schedule.
"Five- Five in the morning?!"I scream after him.
"Yeah." He replies now at the end of the hall.
"...Great..." I say with sarcasm.
I DO think learning self-defense and how to properly fight is a good thing. I have never learned how to fight or anything like that but I am a lazy person. I don't want to get up this early to get my a*s kicked.
I wander around most of the day, exploring the house. I found a theater room where I spent a good amount of time watching a movie. Colt acts distant the whole time and stays a good distance away from me. I get why but I don't like it at all. To say that every time I see him I want to jump his bones is an understatement. How I wish I could be in his embrace all day. He makes me feel safe. When evening comes, Poppy comes to my room to help me get ready for the festival. I wear a long black flowy dress with large pin flowers. She called it a maxi summer dress. It looks casual but once on me, it looks amazing. Again, it is a dress that shows cleavage and my back but I am not worried about it at all cause I still look good.
"Yes?!" Poppy asks to the knock that sounds on the door.
Colt walks in and stands staring at me with his hands on his back.
"Alexis! Doesn't she look beautiful?"
Colt clears his throat as he stares me up and down and nods. "Yes, she does. I came to tell you that I am relieved of duty tonight. It is Serge's turn to watch over you." He says all this as he looks at me through the mirror which I stand in front of. "Oh...okay." I am disappointed but it is what was agreed to.
He nods again. "See you at the festival, princess."
I watch him close the door and feel deflated.
"He's a handsome one, ain't he?" Poppy asks.
I nod fully agreeing with her but making sure I do not look so enthusiastic.
When I am done, she takes me downstairs to the back of the house where the festival is already underway.
Surprisingly, it is cheery despite all that bad stuff I saw today. I guess people in this pack are used to the way things are here and obviously, there is nothing they can do about it.
"Well look who's here! The guest of honooor!" Beck says.
His words sound a bit more dragged than they usually do and I am sure it all has to do with the drink he has in his hand. It's probably not his first.
"Shoo! You vermin!" Poppy says putting a hand up to him.
I almost laugh.
She continues walking until she reaches Warrick. She kisses him on the cheek and motions towards me.
Again, his eyes suddenly glisten as sadness fills them.
"Casseopea..." he whispers, barely audible but even Poppy hears it. And the thing is that it didn't seem like he was calling my name or even referring to me. It is as if for a split second he was seeing someone else.
He clears his throat and straightens. "Excellent.
Come, daughter. Let's make a round." He lifts his hand to me and I hesitantly take it.
He starts walking around with me in his arms, greeting people. Most of these people are from the pack but then we come to some men at the edge of the forest that seem...off. They dress in drags and look a bit dirty but by no means do they look harmless. They are scary and to me, they seem dangerous.
"Crow," Warrick calls him.
The man who seems to be the leader, smiles at me with his rotten teeth showing as
Warrick speaks to him. "This is my daughter. Remember her well."
"Of course, Alpha Warrick." They all say with a bow.
"Who are they?" I ask as we go past them.
"Those, my dear, are my tracker rogues."
"Rogues?"
"Yes, rogues and they are good at what they do so if I were you, I wouldn't get any ideas. These men would find you within minutes."
"I-I never thought of running."
"Who said anything about running?" He asks.
"I-I mean, that's what I assume you meant."
He laughs.
This man makes me so nervous and he obviously enjoys it.
"One would think you are almost evil, Alpha Warrick."
A tall man walks into view. Even taller than Victor and that is saying something because Victor surpasses almost all pack members I have seen here.
His blue eyes rake over me and marble my face as if he is studying a piece of art.
"What can I say? My reputation preceded me."
Warrick gives him a silly smile.
The tall man is no Adonis but he is still an attractive man. His ashy blond hair is slicked back yet a strand falls on the front.
"Cass, this is Oliver Vald. He is Alpha to a new pack, the Crescent Pack. They came from Europe and established their pack on the northern territories just a few months ago.
"It is a pleasure, lady Casseopea." The man takes my hand in such a gentle manner and then kisses it. If his European accent was not enough to melt me already, the gesture surely did. He looks up as his lips finish touching my skin and smiles a smile that could take down any hardheaded maiden. He has such charm and subtle swag that even I am taken by him.
"We are working on an alliance of a sort," Warrick says bringing me back to this real world.
The man called Oliver, straighten up and gives Warrick a small side nod, almost like a bow.
"Though we have much to learn from each other before we get to that," Warrick says.
The man gives a side smile. "All in due time, Alpha Warrick.
"Yeah...due time..." Warrick acts almost impatiently. He pulls my arm and takes me away from the charming man who smiles at me as I walk away.
"Alliance? I didn't think you did alliances." I whisper to Warrick.
"I don't...but, even I know I am not always right and I have plans that require some flexibility on my part in order to succeed. I just have to make sure of this man's intentions first."
"So you don't trust him?"
"My dear, I trust no one. You will learn to do the same."
###Chapter 31
Colt's
POV.
I stand here, watching and waiting. I try my best not to stare at her but it is impossible. All I do is worry. I am the one who got her into this mess. She is here because of me. I was unable to protect her and now she is caught in Warrick's claws. I will get you out, Cass. I promise you I will get you out of this even if I die trying.
All I care about is her being safe now.
"Hey there handsome stranger." Julia walks next to me and quickly leans in, kissing my cheek.
It is too fast so I don't have time to move away.
"Have I given you mixed signals, Julia?" I bluntly ask her.
"No. I know, I know. But you also know that I don't give up easily. I care about you very much."
More like obsession.
She is a good girl and she helped me a lot when I first got moved up to the house. But I never tried anything with her and I am sure that I never purposely gave her that kind of idea either so I am not about to entertain this kind of bullshit. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Please, stop. Your father doesn't like me very much and if he finds out that you have a...crush on me-" "A crush?" she laughs.
"Sure...it's just a crush...you are adorable sometimes, you know that?"
I finally turn to her and give her a good stare. She wears a tight red dress that showcases her breasts. Her hair is down and parted mostly to one side and her makeup is heavier than usual.
The stare I give her is meant to be intimidating but it does not work on her. Instead, she smiles and then twirls around. "Do you like my new dress? Daddy bought it for me."
She is like a spoiled child. It might not even be a stretch to say that she might be more spoiled than my own sister. She comes from a family of six brothers. She is the youngest and only daughter so makes just a bit of sense that she is this spoiled by her parents but this is a tad bit too much.
I look away without giving her a response, searching for my Angel. Once I spot her with Warrick, I look away again to avert suspicions.
She is looking beautiful tonight and she is not even trying. I love that about her.
I glance at her again and notice that she looks so scared. I hate it. I hate that I can't make her feel safe. She has been through so much already, This is the last thing she needs. I wanted to take care of her and make her feel loved and safe. I was going to make her my Luna.
Everyone in the pack would have had to give her respect.
She deserves that and so much more.
What takes me back from my thoughts is feeling Julia's hands wrap around my arm.
"Don't." I pull away from her.
"Oh come on. We are not doing anything bad."
I can feel it. I look her and see her up from father-Rodrick-staring at us.
He is one of Warrick's generals and one not to be trifled with. A man of Alpha blood. He is older than all the other generals, even older than Warrick but the man does not look frail in any way. Even at his age, he looks menacing, and the scars on his face and body- rivaling mine- make it even more so. A man who saw and survived the cruelty of Warrick's own father. The way Warrick's father is talked about is as if those were the dark ages of this pack. Not even Warrick himself was spared.
"Why is everyone so intrigued by her?" Julia asks.
I look in the direction she stares and see Cass.
"Didn't you hear?" Beck walks up to us looking better than he did before. He was a bit drunk but our kind sobers up fast. "The 'Princess' is going to be the Alpha of this pack." His tone is almost mocking.
I narrow my eyes at him not liking the way he says that.
Julia rolls her eyes at him.
"Yeah, sure. Cause that is a common occurrence." She laughs. "A female Alpha..."
Beck ignores her and gives me a cold gaze.
"The man who found and brought his daughter back. Were you really trying to come back is the question."
"I'm here, aren't I? Do you really think I would have been caught that easily if I didn't want to be here?" I feel so stupid for saying this because this is exactly what happened. "And I don't care what you think. Alpha Warrick believes me." "He might not see it, but I can see straight through your deception."
Are you saying that you are smarter than Alpha Warrick?
That is a bold statement and maybe something Alpha Warrick himself should hear about." I turn to Julia. "You heard him, right."
She quickly gives a nod. "Yes. And I am sure the Alpha won't like it one bit."
"You know, you should really pick carefully who you spend your time with little Julia. I don't think your father approves much of this man." He turns around and starts walking away.
"Luckily for me, I don't care what you think. I spend time with whoever I want." Julia replies to his comment but he ignores her, continuing to walk away.
Julia's attention comes back to me. "I got you," she says with a smile.
I inwardly sigh. "Julia, you need to stop. I am not one to repeat myself and you know this."
She puts a hand on my shoulder. "Alexis, I care about you very much and I will fight for this-"
"You really need to listen to him. He is not one for joking on these matters." Skye interrupts. Julia looks back at her and suddenly her face seems to morph into pure anger.
"What do you want?" Julia spits out.
"A word with my ex-mate."
"You have no right to talk to him after what you did."
"Oh shush girly. Go play with your dolls for a second and leave us grown-ups to have a conversation."
Julia is as old as Cass but she looks like she is much younger and acts much more immature.
Julia grinds her teeth while Skye gives her a mocking smile. Skye is now one of Warrick's brides and though she has no real power, to have a bride offended by someone could get you punished. Julia walks away and Skye settles next to me.
"What do you want?" I ask her. I try not to have too much anger in my tone.
"What have you done? This is Casseopea from our pack, right?"
"Yes."
"She will reveal who we are, Colt. She is going to get us killed."
"No, she is not. She knows of our situation. She won't speak. She would never "Oh, and you know her sooo well?"
"I do," I say. I try not to be obvious but Skye turns to me and stares at me like she is trying to figure something out.
"Go on your merry way, don't give this another thought. She won't say anything. It's much more suspicious that you are here talking to me when you haven't spoken a single word to me in years." She knows I am right. Biting her tongue, she turns around and leaves.
Within seconds, Julia is next to me again.
"That witch..." She mutters watching Skye.
I spot Warrick moving.
He holds Cass by the hand and leads her to the stage and my attention is now fully on them.
"Everyone acts like she is the last water bottle in the damn desert. What is so special about her? Just because she is the Alpha's daughter?" Julia mutters but I ignore her and continue to watch.
"Come, gather around," Warrick says up on the stage. "Many of you have probably heard the rumors flying around. After years of searching, we finally found her. She is the reason for this gathering. I want to introduce to you, my daughter." He motions to Cass who stands up there looking terrified. "Casseopea. Refer to her as Princess or Alpha for she will be my successor."
People around gasp. There has never been an Alpha of a pack that was female.
If Warrick was not the one announcing this, I would say that this is a good thing. A shift from the patriarchy of these packs. I am sure that not everyone is going to look at it as a good thing but this is a definite change.
Warrick continues. "You'd do well to show her respect. She is not just my eldest but she also inherited my powers. She will be an extension of my power." Warrick genuinely looks proud. I don't think I have ever seen him like this and it is very interesting. However, exactly what he just said is what I was afraid of.
***
Cass's POV.
I look down at the people who stare up at me while I stand on the stage where Warrick announces who I am to the pack. I can see a mix of feelings on everyone's faces. It is unnerving because some do not look happy. Especially when he tells them that I have the same gift as he does. That really seems to rattle some of them.
I dislike being the center of attention and even more the center of someone's anger.
My nerves calm down when I see Colt in the crowd. That girl Julia talks to him while he looks up at the stage. It may be my own jealousy but to me, it looks like she is very clingy with him. Staring at him, I take in a deep breath and get a grip.
When Warrick is done with the announcement, he goes back to the crowd to talk to people while I quietly slip away. I hide behind the stage where there are a few trees and there is no one. Of course, Serge follows me so I am not completely alone. He stands a few feet from me but doesn't say anything, just stays quiet which I am okay with because I don't feel like talking to anyone.
I look up at the stars wondering how Lauren and James are doing. The only two people I wish to see right now...and maybe even Dash.
I wish I could talk to Lauren right now and tell her everything that has happened.
I wonder if I will see her again but I know I will. I have to, she is my sister. I really hope she doesn't worry too much about me.
I sigh.
I know it has only been a few days but I wonder if her belly is already growing. I wish I could see her. I am starting to feel homesick. "About to give up already?"
Garret comes out from the corner of the stage.
###Chapter 32
Garret stares at me as if I was something to examine.
"Is that even an option?" I ask Garret.
"Na. He will never let you go so you need to be ready for anything he throws at you. Listen, you want to be on his good side? Just make him happy." He says. "Don't argue and do everything he tells you to do." "Make him happy...why?" I ask him "Because...it will help you survive him." "But...why should I start now? I ask.
"Huh?" He is obviously confused because I am not talking to him. I am talking to myself now.
"Why should I now start living to make someone else happy when all I have done all these years is rebel against my own oppressors damming the consequences? Why change now? I have only changed one horrible pack for another..." Garret seems stunned at my words.
I give Garret a peace sign with my fingers. "Thanks for the advice," I say and walk away leaving him still confused.
I wanted to go for a run tonight with Colt but how am I supposed to when Serge won't leave my side?
I look around for Colt but I don't see him anywhere. Not that I was going to talk to him. I don't want to bring attention to us like that.
I notice that people look at me, tempted to approach me but I don't want to make conversations. I am not good at doing that.
I turn around and scurry back to the house, making my way up the stairs and into my room where I close my door. I take in a deep breath feeling relieved that I am alone.
I immediately take my clothes off and put on pajamas, making myself comfortable and then I turn on the TV. As the night keeps going, I am hoping the whole time that Warrick won't have someone come get me but soon the noise of the festival outside quiets down, and then later on, it is over. I feel relieved.
I brush my teeth, getting myself ready for bed. As I come out of the bathroom brushing my teeth, I can see the shadow of Serge from underneath the door. The guy has been standing there all this time and I feel bad that he has to do that all night.
I finish brushing my teeth, then walk over to my TV and turn it off. I almost have a heart attack when from the shadows, Colt comes out. He immediately puts a hand on my mouth before I can gasp. He places a finger across his mouth telling me to keep quiet. He then slowly pulls me to the doors that lead to the balcony where he takes me out and closes the door behind us.
"He won't hear us out here," Serge whispers.
"What are we doing?" I ask him.
"You wanted to go for a run.
Didn't you?"
"Oh, yeah but can we?"
"Yeah, as long as Serge thinks you are in the room... unless you want him to join us?"
"No. I am tired of being watched besides, I want to go with just you."
"Oh? And why is that? Is it because you like me?"
I squint my eyes at him. "You already know that." He softly laughs as he picks me up. Before I can ask what is he doing, he jumps from the balcony to the bottom floor and immediately puts me down. "Act normal and don't worry. If anyone asks, I am guarding you as I am instructed to do and we are just going for a run."
I nod and start following him. The guards that are set up at the edge of the forest look at us once and then don't pay us any mind. We find a spot behind some trees and start taking our clothes off.
"Don't you look over here!" I tell him but I am only joking. He has seen me completely n*ked so I don't feel any embarrassment anymore...unless he intently stares.
He starts laughing. "Really? I have seen it all but I'll respect those wishes if that is what you want."
I turn to him and stick out my tongue then I shift and take off running. Soon he is right next to me. I don't know this territory like he does so I let him lead.
During our run, I give control to my wolf who starts jumping on him as we run, playing. I am sure Colt's wolf is also in control and he starts playfully fighting her off and trying to get away from her. It is cute to see them like this. To see how not just us but also our wolves get along. It almost melts all of my worries away.
After a while, we end up on a cliff that overlooks the forest.
The forest is so big that I can even see an end to it even from up here but in the distance, I can see sharp edges of boulders and rocks.
Colt shifts and I do the same.
"Where are we?"
"We are still in Warricks territory but we are close to the edge. He points out to a tree that towers over the others in the far distance. "A few feet away from that tree is the end of the territory. But do you see those rocks over there?" He points to the sharp rocks in the distance that almost make a wall and I nod.
"Those make it impossible for anyone to leave or get in through there. So there are not many guards around these parts."
"So...we have more privacy?"
"Yes," he says turning to me.
"So I can do this then?" I pull him and kiss him. I have no idea what has gotten into me lately that I am this bold but I like it. Maybe it is because we are in this situation together and I don't want to waste any more time.
He immediately relaxes and kisses me back but I can feel him smiling as he kisses me.
I pull back to look at him.
"Yes," he whispers. "We can do exactly that."
I smile but I look around.
"Are you sure though?"
"Yes. No one will come here unless they are actually looking for us."
"Good," I say but I then start to panic when he pulls me down and sits me on his lap.
"Yeah, good. No one will hear you scream in pleasure either."
"Oh shut up and just kiss me."
"I'll do more than that." He whispers before pressing his lips on mine.
He turns me around and sits me facing him with my legs around his waist and his rising member in between my legs. He caresses my back as he kisses me. His hand goes up and down softly touching every inch of my skin, all the way to my ass. His tongue now dances inside my mouth and I try to match him. For some reason, this turns me on even more.
I touch the rippling muscles on his shoulders and trace his arm. Then I slide my hands down his hard chest and abs.
I have never touched a man like this before but I am loving it. I really love his body.
Slowly, he holds me tight and lies me on the ground while he starts to kiss my neck and then comes back to my lips. Suddenly, his body comes down on me and I instinctively wrap my legs around him which surprises me that it comes so naturally. I push away from his lips to tell him to mind what he is doing-though I am not sure I want him to- but he whispers first before I can say anything. "I know. I won't do anything you don't want to do." And then he goes back to k*ss me. I have no fear. I trust him.
Suddenly I feel something poking me. I know it is his member and it is hard as a rock. It reminds me of when I took him in my mouth. I still can't believe I did that.
He starts to slide across my intimate lips. Immediately the contact makes me moan.
He takes his mouth from my lips to whisper. "Yeah, just like that. Moan for me." His lips come back to mine and I moan again as I feel him stroke against my slit.
It feels so good. It is so crazy how different it feels from his mouth like last time but it is still so good. This man is giving me new experiences and I love it.
Now I hear him moan and this makes me so excited. He is the only man I have heard moan like this and I love it.
He looks at me as he grunts. "Hgh...is this okay for you?" He asks as his hips roll making him look even more s*xy. "Y-yes," I say with a whimper.
It is okay...but it is not enough. It feels really good but I definitely want more...I want more...
"Screw it, Colt. Take me.
Take me completely." I whisper.
His eyes widen in surprise. "Really?"
I slowly nod. "Yeah...I want you."
He completely stops moving and lifts to see my face. "Are you sure, Cass. Is this what you really want?"
Taking a deep breath, I nod again. "Yes, Colt. I am sure."
I have never been so sure. I want him to be the one who takes me.
His lips clash with mine in a tantalizing and sizzling kiss and he continues to move his member on my slit. He starts to kiss down my neck until his lips reach my erect breast and he starts to suck and lick, making me moan even louder.
His hand starts to slide down my stomach. I feel him grabbing his member and then I feel him pressin it against my core, giving a few soft thrusts but not going in.
Then he lets my breast go and latches his lips onto mine in a passionate kiss.
This is when I start to feel him slide inside of me and I hear him moan. All the pleasure I was feeling before is now mixed with pain.
"Oh...sh-shit...that hurts..." I whisper.
"Do you want me to stop?" he asks pulling his head back.
"N-no...no, it's okay."
I cling to him in a hug and urge him to keep moving. I close my eyes and grab onto his hair as he slowly thrusts in and out of me. "Are you okay?" He asks.
"Yeah..." I say. I find it so sweet that he is checking in on me and not just mindlessly f**king me.
He is gentle and he watches me making sure that I am okay.
Soon the pain is mild and all I feel now is pleasure. I start moaning again and he starts to speed up. His body smaks mine and I can even hear the sound it makes. Then, he changes the motion and I am now seeing stars. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."You like that?" He asks and I am sure he notices this by my sounds and my expressions.
"Ye-yeah!" I manage to gasp.
He smiles and kisses me while I start to feel that rising feeling again he made me feel last time he had his mouth on me. I know I am about to come but it is different and just a bit more intense.
I moan louder and louder until that feeling bursts inside of me. My body shakes and I dig my nails into his shoulder but he clearly doesn't mind. He pauses for a moment and smiles looking down at me. "How did that feel?" He asks.
Catching my breath, I answer him. "Very, very...VERY good."
He chuckles but then starts to move again.
He lifts up, holding my hips in place as he dives into me over and over speeding up every time just a bit more. His grunts become louder and his face looks just as blissful as it is intense.
"I'm about to come, baby!"
He grunts out.
What am I supposed to say to this? "Yeah?" I ask feeling dumb as I continue to come down from my own high.
"Yeah!" He moans and that is when he comes. He gives a loud grunt and one last big thrust.
His body slurps over mine. I caress his hair as we both take in deep breaths. He then lifts his head up and kisses me.
I never knew this could be this good. And I am glad it was with him.
Now I want to do it again!
###Chapter 33
"Cass..."
"Mh..." I hear Colt's voice and it is soothing.
"Cass...baby...wake up." My eyes open and I am met by Colt's beautiful green eyes.
"Mh...what is it?" I ask as I close my eyes and nuzzle into his chest, feeling comfortable.
"We have to get back. The sun is coming up soon."
My eyes open with a jolt. I look up at the sky and he is right.
"Shit!"
"Don't panic. No one has come looking for us so we are fine." He says this as he looks into my eyes and I give in to my urge to kiss him.
He is taken by surprise but soon kisses me back. It is a soft sweet kiss that doesn't drag. It ends immediately
I hug him again but then look up at him. "So much for playing it safe, huh?"
He sighs. "We really shouldn't have done this."
I gasp. "You regret it?!"
"No! Not that. That was perfect and wish we had done it sooner. What I mean is, it was risky to do it now like this and also we shouldn't have stayed out."
"I want to leave, Colt." I get close to him as he puts his arms around me, making me feel safe. "I want to leave. I don't like it here."
"I know." He whispers into my ear as he caresses my back. "I know, Angel. I wish I could just take you away. I wish I could save you from this. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."
I nod, telling him that it is okay. "It's not your fault," I whisper.
He hugs me even tighter now and squeezes me.
After a bit more cuddling, we head back to the house. As I enter my room from the balcony, nothing seems to be undisturbed. I do feel very tired but I know I have to take a shower. There was some blood last night since it was my first time but to be honest, not as much as I expected.
After my quick shower, I get into bed completely n*ked because I am too lazy and tired to put anything on, and within seconds, I am back asleep.
I wake up to Poppy's voice and light coming from the window that she just opened.
"Rise and shine! You have a lot to do today! New schedule!"
"Uuuuugh! I'm so tired!" I complain.
My body also feels sore.
I know that staying out and having beautiful intimate relations with Colt was not the smartest thing to do but I regret nothing. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.l smile as I stare at the ceiling remembering last night. It was magical.
"Up! Up!" Poppy takes the blankets away from me but I quickly hold on to them.
"I'm n*ked! I-I was too hot last night!"
Literally. I think to myself and smile. She crosses her arms. "Well, get in the shower already then! You are going to be late and Victor does not like tardiness."
With a sigh, I get up and do what she tells me to do. I take another shower.
After I am ready, I meet with Victor behind the house where to the corner he has a little sparing area set up.
"You are going to kick my a*s, aren't you?" I ask as I walk up to him.
It is the first time I see him smile but it is a quick smile.
"I am here to teach you, not hurt you." I smile feeling relieved.
"Come at me. Show me what you can do."
"Victor, there is nothing that I can do. I usually just jump on someone and start punching them. I scratch, scream, and pull hair."
"So...like a human...what do they call this kind of fighting?... A bitch fight?" He asks.
I gasp but nod and laugh. "Yes! That's exactly it!"
He smiles again but quickly goes back to his stoic self.
"Let's start then."
He starts teaching me how to throw a proper punch. That's how bad I am, I can't even give a good punch the right way.
Throughout our practice, he keeps mumbling that he has his work cut out for him.
Though he seems a bit irritated, he is much nicer than I thought he was at the beginning and I am not as scared of him as I am of Warrick. When we take a little break, I start asking him a few questions that are on my mind.
"So Lotus is your mom?" I ask as we take a small break.
He nods.
"Is she Garret's mom too?
"No."
"Oh? Who is Garret's mom?"
"Why do you want to know this?" he asks.
"Well, I am sure it is not Sk-Jasmin, and Poppy doesn't have any kids."
He sighs. "Her name was Lily. She was our father's second bride. When Lily died, Poppy came into the picture."
"So...he replaces them just like that? As if they were nothing?"
"What do you want me to say, Cass? I am here to teach you how to fight, not to gossip or tell stories."
"Fine. I'm sorry."
He takes in a deep breath. "Let's just finish."
I keep quiet and let him teach. When we are finally done, it is lunchtime. I clean up and then head to the dining room where I sit to have my lunch.
I start thinking that I am going to have to get used to people staring at me because that is what they all do. It makes me uncomfortable since I am always used to people ignoring me. Suddenly, Colt walks in and goes straight to Serge who stands behind me.
I continue to eat and then see Serge walk away.
"My turn to watch over you," Colt whispers from behind me.
I look at my plate and smile trying to act normal but the fluttering in my stomach tries to betray me.
Colt keeps it professional and stays back, watching me but it is hard for me to not turn around and kiss him.
I think about his hands touching me last night. How his lips kissed every inch of my body. I think about all the sensations he made me feel.
I suck in a deep breath.
My skin yearns for his touch again.
I look back, giving him a glance to which he seems just a bit surprised at first but not so much the next four times that I look back at him again.
I do try to concentrate on my food and when I am done, I head out of the dining room on my way to the war room where Garret waits for me. "Tease..." Colt whispers as we walk through the halls.
I giggle.
I am suddenly pulled inside one of the closets. I am not scared but excited because I know it is Colt.
When the door closes, he pins me against the wall and kisses me.
"Mh..." I moan into the kiss.
"I can't do it," he says. "I can't resist you and those stares you give me. Not now that I know how you feel inside."
"Inside?"
"Yeah, how my cock feels inside of you. He's in love with your p***y."
I laugh, almost ruining the moment which makes him laugh too.
He kisses me and then pulls back enough to whisper. "I want you, baby."
"Then take me." My voice breaks and comes out needy.
"This is really risking it." He complains but as he says this, he still unzips my pants.
"Let's be quiet," I say.
"Even then, we can still get caught." He now turns me around, sliding my pants down and bending me slightly against the wall. "That doesn't seem to be stopping you," I whisper.
He gets close to my ear and whispers even lower now. "As much as I want to hear you scream, this time be quiet for me, baby."
"I'll do my best," I whisper as I lift my hips and start rubbing against his pants.
He moans as I feel the hardness inside his pants and it excites me.
He pulls back and I hear him unzipping his pants. Then I feel the head of his c**k rub against my slit.
I bite my lip trying to keep the moan inside but I hear him grunt louder than he should.
"Hey!" I whisper.
He chuckles. "Sorry. You just feel too good." As he says this, he plunges inside of me and now we both moan.
I quickly put a hand on my mouth to quiet myself.
Unable to stop our sounds, we keep it as low as we can.
He does short thrusts so as to not make too much noise. At first slow but then speeds up. I hold myself against the wall and he holds my hips, moving them to meet his in blissful pleasure. Abruptly, he stops and puts a hand on my mouth. Before I can argue, I hear people walking by us, talking.
I close my eyes trying to dissipate the urge to move on his cock. My b*dy wants him to keep moving.
When the people are out of earshot, he pummels into me. I am unable to keep myself from moaning anymore so he puts his hand on my mouth again trying to muffle my sounds but he does not stop thrusting. In fact, he speeds up even more. I am sure it excites him.
As I am about to come, I hold his hand tight and move my hips on him until my insides contract and pure bliss rushes through my b*dy. My knees want to buckle and I am left feeling weak but he holds me tight now with his arms around me in a hug as he continues to thrust and keep me on my feet. He slows down and his movements become harder and more precise as he also starts to grunt in my ear until I feel him pulsing inside of me. He gives a quiet moan and stops moving, holding me tightly.
For almost a minute, we both are quiet still attached to each other as we take deep breaths trying to calm down.
"We were reckless, weren't we?" I whisper.
"Very reckless," he whispers back.
I look back at him with a smile. "But worth it."
He smiles. "Definitely."
We fix our clothes and clean ourselves to the best of our abilities in this small closet.
Colt then opens the door and checks outside.
"It's clear." He says and we both come out but not before he gives me a quick kiss.
"Let's go back to your room and get cleaned up," Colt says.
"We can't. I am already late." I sprint through the halls ignoring his complaints as he tries to keep up with me until I make it to the door.
"Ca*s-"
"We should have been here ten minutes ago, Colt." I open the door before he can say anything else and I walk in. I am still giddy, however, that quickly goes away when Garret lays his eyes on me. "You are late." He says.
And he is not alone, some of the generals are here as well.
"S-sorry." It's all I say because I have no excuse to give.
"Stay quiet and just listen." He says and then ignores me and goes back to talking. He stands in front of a big table with a map in the middle moving small pieces of what look like miniature armies.
I have no idea what is going on but I do my best to try to understand while Colt stands behind me.
I believe they are starting to talk about some skirmishes but I am not sure if these are made-up scenarios or real. However, Garret suddenly has my full attention when suddenly he mentions Alpha Oliver Vald.
"If our alliance stands, we could use his pack as a distraction." One of the generals says.
"That's a way to lose an ally real fast. We have to play our cards right plus, we have to be careful. They are very secretive and that bothers me." Garret says.
"You think they are hiding something?"
"They might just be."
That is where that conversation ends and so does my lever of attention though I do try.
After two damn hours of standing there feeling lost, it finally ends.
Garret turns to me looking pissed as everyone leaves.
"You smell like s*x." He says and my heart sinks, not to my stomach but to my ass. I am petrified as he now looks at Colt. "And so does he. I don't care what you two are doing, just don't waste my damn time." He starts to walk away but then turns. "And by the way, if I can smell it, others will too."
I am sure all the color drains from my face.
"I tried to tell you," Colt says.
I take in a deep breath finally feeling like I am alive again.
"Sorry. I f**ked up.
"It's okay." He says looking towards the door where Garret left. "He doesn't seem interested to tell anyone.
Let's just go get clean fast before we meet anyone else."
He is so calm about this but I am so scared.
I nod. "Okay. It's fine." I say. "But if he does say anything, I have the perfect plan."
"Oh? And what is that?" he asks with intrigue.
"I'll just tell them that I made you. You have to do anything I tell you, right? So I made you do it."
He looks at me with a face that tells me that he doesn't know if I am joking or being serious.
"You? You made me?!" He starts laughing without any control.
"It's not that funny!" I shout at him.
"Oh, it's hilarious!"
"Shut up! That's my plan." I stick my tongue out at him and start walking.
He laughs the whole way to my room.
When he finally stops, we get cleaned up and get ready for the next class....with my dad.
###Chapter 34
"Cass, listen..." Colt stands behind me and whispers.
We stand in front of the door to my father's office readying ourselves to go in.
"I can't react in there. Whatever I am told to do, I have to do it."
"I know, Colt. I understand."
"I...I just don't want you to hate me if I have to do something...bad."
I look back at him and smile.
"I could never hate you."
He lifts an eyebrow up. "Are you sure about that? Didn't you hate me already before all of this?"
"I didn't hate you. I disliked you. There is a difference."
I knock at the door and suddenly feel my butt cheek being squeezed.
I gasp and look back to find a chuckling Colt.
"Enter!" I hear my father say, composing myself, I open the door and walk in. His office is big and spacious. So it's no surprise to find a few people in here and it still doesn't feel cramped. Victor and Garret are also here along with the Beta, Archie. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Alright, my daughter. Let's see what you can do. Come here." Warrick holds a pack member by his shoulder and puts him in front of me. A man in his thirties. He looks a bit frail, more like a human which tells me he is not a healthy werewolf. Maybe it is because he is mistreated.
"Command him," Warrick says.
The man looks at me with fear. Taking a deep breath, I stare at him and think of him putting his hand on his head. Something simple. But nothing happens and I am not surprised. I had a feeling it wasn't going to be this easy because if it was, then I would have been able to do this a long time ago and I probably would have realized that I had powers a lot sooner.
I sigh with disappointment.
"Hmh...perhaps encouragement is needed here? Victor, your knife."
My eyes widen. Victor immediately walks up to me and takes out his knife.
"What are you doing?" I quickly ask taking a step back.
"It's silver?" Warrick asks and Victor nods.
Warrick gives him a nod.
Victor takes the knife and presses it against the weak man's neck. It immediately burns his skin and the man screams and shakes but he doesn't dare to move away.
"Stop! What are you doing?!" I try to take the knife away from Victor but he quickly moves it away.
Warrick holds my wrist and moves me back to stand in front of the man. "Every time you fail to command him, he will be punished. Now, again. Concentrate."
I look at all of them. They all stare at me waiting for me to follow orders.
I take in a deep breath and try again but this time I really do give it my all. I stare at the man and somehow try to force the thought into his head. The man stares at me as he shakes but nothing happens. If he would just move at all then I could lie and say that that was it. But he doesn't do anything but stand there shaking.
I look down, giving up, and shake my head. the man screams in pain as the knife touches his skin.
"Again," Warrick says.
This goes on for about half an hour until Warrick finally gets irritated.
"Are you sure you have done this before!?" He shouts at me.
"Yes!" I say. I explained to him when it happened and that's when he starts to look pensive.
"Maybe...you need even more encouragement." He nods to himself. "Yes."
He suddenly grabs the knife from Victor and swipes it across the brittle man's neck.
I gasp watching the man fall lifeless on the ground.
Nonchalantly, Warrick wipes the knife clean as he looks pensive.
I am speechless with my hand on my mouth holding the scream that wants to come out but the anger inside of me starts to grow.
"You... all are monsters!" I shout.
Warrick finally looks at me.
"And you are too...soft. You will learn my craft," he says handing Victor his knife back.
"I don't want to be like you," I respond.
Victor's eyes widen as I say this and the others look surprised and a bit afraid.
Warrick walks close to me. "But you will be, I'll make sure of that." He puts a hand behind my head, tangling his fingers in my hair, and then pulls me close. "And if you keep talking back to me like this, I will cut your tongue out." This is why anger is so dangerous to me. When I lead with it, I do not think about the consequences.
"Do it. I will still find a way to say what is on my mind." I say.
"Ah...there it is," he says which confuses me.
"What?"
"I was starting to doubt that you were my daughter at all but I now see myself in you."
He pushes me back and I almost fall to the ground but I don't hit the floor because Colt catches me before I do.
He straightens me up and moves away from me.
Warrick walks back to his desk. "Keep her in her room today. No meals. I'll go easy on you this once but mark my words...I will treat you like a dog if I have to. You will learn my ways."
Before I can answer him back-and I was going to answer him back-Colt takes me by the arm and pulls me away.
"Yes, Alpha," he says and leads me outside where he quickly lets me go. "Are you okay?"
"No. Yes...I don't know."
He sprints up the stairs and I have to keep up because he is going so fast. "Colt...wait up."
He doesn't answer until we reach my room and he opens the door. "Go in."
He looks away into the hall, ignoring me.
Feeling deflated, I go inside and he closes the door behind me. I am throwing such a pity party for myself that I don't notice that he is in here with me until he hugs me from behind. I feel like a toy in his arms as his body completely covers me. My body suddenly relaxes feeling like I am almost melting. His mouth is on my ear and I hear him breathe.
It relaxes me even more.
All I can think of is that poor man. How terrified he was and how he looked at me.
How can anyone be so heartless?
"Stay with me," I whisper.
He sighs. "It's too early, Angel. I have to be seen outside of your room."
I nod but I am disappointed.
He turns me around and softly k*sses me. It is a gentle k*ss as if I would break at any moment. "You are not alone."
He whispers and then k*sses my forehead.
I watch him turn and leave, closing the door behind him. Because of him, I don't feel alone. If he wasn't with me, I'd be crying in a corner the whole time.
I take in a deep breath and head to the sofa where I spend the rest of my day watching TV.
I am not brought dinner but I think my father has a few screws loose. He forgot that I have junk food in my little fridge and that is what I eat.
So I am not starving by the end of the night.
As I am putting chips in my mouth, I start thinking.
Everyone in the office seemed a little surprised when he basically just gave me a slap on the hand and left me off easily. I don't think they are used to him going easy on anyone but why did he? Why not really punish me like he does everyone else? He barely even knows me.
I ponder this the whole night until suddenly, Colt comes in. He closes the door behind him and sits next to me.
"Almost everyone is asleep by now and I have two hours before Serge comes for shift change. Come here." He pulls me to his chest and holds me.
This makes me smile. I immediately hug him and get comfortable.
"How are you feeling now?" He asks in a soft voice.
"A bit better I guess."
"What can I do to make you feel better?" he asks.
"This. Just this is enough.
Hold me."
He squeezes me tighter. "Cass, I will get us out of here."
"I know."
"I mean it. I heard of a few people who are planning to run," he says.
"Run? So we are going with them?"
"No. They will fail. But they can be a distraction while we do our own escape."
I can see how this can work but suddenly, the poor men's eyes flash in my head. All these people that are here suffering under my father's rule. I feel selfish for leaving them like this even though I don't owe anyone here anything. "I...I don't want to leave..."
"What?"
I sit up and look at him. "I...these people...they are suffering. I don't want to just leave them and I don't want to use others to escape. They will die."
"Then...what do you want, Cass?"
"I...I want to make things better. I want to free them all."
"How?" He asks.
I am surprised that he doesn't shut my idea down.
That he doesn't just try to convince me to leave.
"Cass, how can you do that?"
What can I do? I can't even use my power.
Colt puts a hand under my chin and stares into my eyes. "I don't want to force you to do anything you don't want to do but...I don't want to lose you.
This place can break you and I...I don't want to lose you. You are too good and Warrick...he is good at breaking others. He has plans for you and I don't want to see you fall."
But...can he break me? I have lived all my life with people who tried to do just that and never once did I break.
Ezra comes to mind.
Oh, how he tried but failed time and time again.
Suddenly, I have a thought or rather it is more of a realization.
I have gone through so much. I am pretty strong to be where I am now.
"Cass?"
I had been deep in thought until Colt called my name.
"I really do need to learn how to use my power," I say.
"Well, yeah. You'd have such an advantage over Warrick." He says. "If I am honest..." He suddenly lowers his head looking just a bit ashamed. "I...well, this was my thought at the beginning when I learned who you were. I wanted to use you against him and I am sorry. Back then I didn't feel about you as I do now."
I put a hand on his cheek.
"It's okay. I am not angry about that."
"You're not?"
I shake my head. "No. But you are going to make it up to me."
"I am?" he asks lifting an eyebrow seeming amused.
"Yep. Slap me."
"WHAT?!" He pulls back and doesn't jump to his feet only because I am on his lap.
I start laughing realizing that I should have explained further.
"I need to learn how to use my powers. So I am commanding you to slap me."
"WHAT?" he asks again which makes me also laugh again. "Why slap? Why not something else?"
"Because I will know it is real. I could command you to k*ss me..." And he does just that. He k*sses me with a smile. After tasting his lips and enjoying it, I pull back.
"See. That did not count."
He sighs. "I am not going to slap you. I would never do that."
"I know. That's why I am commanding it."
He crosses his arms. "Good luck with that then."
"Slap me."
"No."
"Slap me."
"No!"
"Slap me!"
"NO!" he now shouts.
"SLAP ME!" I shout back.
He slaps me.
I gasp. He gasps. We both gasp and look at each other, shocked.
"You slapped me!"
"I-I-I...I didn't!" he stutters.
"You....slapped me..."
"I...." He looks at his hand as if it has a mind of its own and then looks back at me. "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!"
I start laughing uncontrollably. "It worked!"
I continue to laugh but Colt does not look happy at all.
I throw myself at him and k*ss him as he is still confused and upset.
Suddenly, we hear a few knocks on the door, and then the door starts to open.
###Chapter 35
and pat my clothes down.
Poppy walks in but Colt is already up and standing straight with his arms crossed. He is so fast that even I'm surprised but Poppy still looks at him with confusion and then her eyes flicker to me. I am lying on the sofa with my clothes all disheveled. I quickly sit up "I...came to bring you this." She holds a tray with bread and a bit of food.
"Oh! I thought Wa-...father said I wasn't allowed to have any."
"I know but he doesn't have to know and it is not much."
She looks at Colt. "Why are you in here?"
"She was asking me for food." He says.
I immediately nod. "And he said I couldn't have any. He is so mean."
She smiles and hands me the trey. "Oh honey, he's not mean. He's just doing his job. Alexis here is one of the good ones." She walks back to the door and when she is about to go out, she whispers. "Be careful you two."
I look at Colt and he looks back at me too. I can see his concern.
I am now panicking. "I...I don't want to but...maybe we should stop."
"And how are we going to do that? Can we, Cass? Can we stop? Cause I can tell you that I have no will in me to make me stop wanting you."
He is right. I don't think I can stop. I don't want to.
"Besides...the minute Garret found out, we were done.
Warrick knows already." He says.
"What?! But you said..."
"I lied. I didn't want you to worry."
"But why didn't he do or say anything?"
Colt sits next to me and puts a hand on my cheek. "He's a smart man. He'll probably use this later on. Or maybe he did say something and Warrick is waiting to use this information."
I move his hand away and shake my head. "Then we can't, right? We should......" I sigh unable to get my words out.
He gives me a tender smile. "What I am saying with this, Angel, is that there is no need for us to stop. Might as well enjoy it while we can.
"Will he do anything to us?
How are you so calm about this?"
He shrugs his shoulders. "I guess because I know that if anyone is going to get punished by this...it's not going to be you." "What? That is still not okay." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Cass...just enjoy this moment we have right now." I narrow my eyes. "Are you telling me to shut up?"
"I would never tell you that."
"Yeah? As if you didn't just slap me and you said you'd never do that."
I am only messing with him.
He gasps. "That was all you. I would never put my hands on you like that."
I laugh, finding his expression funny.
He smiles and pulls me to sit on his lap. He hugs me and then nuzzles my shoulder.
This is the most comfortable I have ever felt with anyone. I like this feeling. The feeling of being wanted, of being loved.
"I wasn't expecting you to come into my life when you did." He says.
I pull back just a bit and look at him, remembering that man I met back in the cells.
He looks and feels so different now from that man.
My hand traces his cheek and then follows the lines of his scars.
"You...you changed, Colt. Didn't you?"
It's crazy because it hasn't been that long but I see it. He is different than the man I met back then.
He looks at me and nods. "I was so angry, Cass. I was so angry back then. I always thought that if I ever came back, if I ever stood in the presence of Warrick, I would kill him or die trying. I wanted revenge and never thought of anything else. But now, all I think about is you. All I think about is how I want you to be safe. And if enduing that man again is what keeps you safe, then I will do so."
I press my forehead to his. "That is not fair for you. you deserve to be happy, Colt."
"I am happy when I am with you." Before I can say anything cheeky, he continues. "I am at peace when I am with you. I am myself. I don't have to pretend...to be strong, to have no emotions. You see me. I think you always have."
I close my eyes as I feel him, I feel his presence. "I wish...I wish you would have been my mate."
"Mh, I think we would have been amazing together." He says.
"Would you have accepted me back then when we were young? If I had been your mate?"
"Yes." He doesn't hesitate but I feel skeptical about it.
"Are you sure about that? You didn't know me back then as you do now. How can you be sure that you wouldn't have acted like your brothers?"
"Cass, if you had been my goddess-given mate, I would not have thought it twice. I would have loved the f**k out of you because you were meant for me. You would have meant to be mine."
I smile, liking that answer.
"We are not mates...but why does it feel like we are?"
"Because...this is real, Cass. Because we are kindreds. Because we see into each other's souls. Because we've both been scarred and broken yet now learn to love again. Because we choose each other."
He traces his hand through the scars on my shoulder.
"Two scarred Alphas learning to love."
"So...this is love, then?" I whisper.
He looks directly into my eyes. "You can deny it all you want...but this is love." His eyes go down suddenly now looking afraid. "I don't deserve you."
"What? Why would you say that?"
"I...there are..."
"What is it?"
His expression changes to a remorseful one. "Secrets. There are still secrets."
I can see how torn he is about this.
"It's okay. You can tell me anything."
He looks up at me, into my eyes. "You are going to hate me."
"You know what? No. I don't think I could ever hate you."
His shoulders hump down and he looks sad.
"Colt, it's okay. We have time. Tell me when you are ready."
Now he looks at me as if he was admiring me and then he kisses me. I welcome his embrace. I cling to the back of his head, pushing him closer not that it is possible because there is no more space between us. I want him. I want him to make love to me. There is tension in the air. My body burns for him and I know he wants me too. My hands start caressing his chest over his shirt but he pulls away for a few seconds to look at his watch and then he sighs.
"Serge will be here any minute, Cass. We can't."
I close my eyes with a huff in disappointment.
"Can't we go for a run like last time?"
He smiles. "You want me, huh?"
"Oh shut up. But yes, I do."
He smiles and his face lights up. I love to see genuine happiness on his face.
"Unfortionetly Angel, you are grounded. If someone spots us outside, there will be problems this time."
I give him a pouty face which makes him laugh.
"Stop being so cute. I'll do you extra good next time if you are a good girl for me."
Somehow, that excites me. "Not sure if it's about the extra good part or if it's because he told me to be a good girl but I am all for it."
He gets up, gives me one last k*ss, and then walks out of the door to wait for Serge. I take in a deep breath, alone in my room again. I lie back on the sofa and start thinking about what he said. Love...is it, love...
I smile.
I think I am in love. I have never felt like this before about anyone. I never knew he could be so amazing but then again, out of all the brothers, he was the more reasonable one. I want to think that he was telling the truth. That he wouldn't have done the same thing as Ezra. I mean, he could have had any girl he wanted and still is able to have any girl he wants but he chooses me.
Two knocks on my door make me sit up.
Colt slips his head in. "Serge is here. He'll be guarding you tonight."
I want to run to him and k*ss him good night but I just nod.
He gives me a wink and closes the door. I fall asleep thinking about him.
The next morning I am training again with Victor. I try to concentrate but all I look forward is to lunch, when Colt will change places with Serge.
"I think we should incorporate a bit of running in your training."
"Why?"
"Because you've only thrown a few punches but you are already winded."
huff, blowing a hair from my face.
"You mean... running in human form?"
"Yes."
I make a fake crying face. I am sure that I am not going to enjoy it one bit but I also don't want to complain about it. I know I need to listen and do what he tells me in order to learn to fight. After my training, I eagerly head to the dining room. I patiently eat and wait till finally Colt arrives.
I think this is the highlight of my day.
I give him a smile while he stoically walks towards Serge.
"About time," I mutter when he settles behind me.
"Missed me, huh?" He whispers.
I giggle. "Yep, big time."
"Alexis!" The girl Julia calls for him.
She sits a seat away from me and smiles at him.
"Where have you been? I missed you!"
"I am working right now, Julia."
I get that that is exactly what he has to say but it pisses me off. I want him to tell her to f**k off, that he has eyes for me and only me and to leave him alone.
Taking a slow breath, I calm myself knowing that this is all my jealousy.
"Oh." Julia looks at me.
"Yeah, sorry. He's all mine right now." I say, unable to control myself.
Whoops.
That came out very catty. I guess I didn't calm myself enough.
"It's fine...I guess. I mean he is just doing his job. I'll get him later." She has an attitude as she says this.
To say that I want to claw this girl's face off is an understatement.
"Hmh, that might be difficult since he spends ALL of his time with me."
Oh boy...what the hell am I doing? I can hear Colt clearing his throat behind me.
"I am sure he will get a much-needed break from you eventually. I'll be there when he does."
Colt puts a hand on my shoulder before I can say or do anything. "Your brother is waiting for you. We should go."
Huffing a breath out, I get up and leave the room seething.
"I'll see you soon, Alexis," Julia says but Colt doesn't answer.
"What was that?" he asks me once we are in the hall.
"What do you think that was?" Before he can answer, I abruptly stop walking and point a finger at him. "You are mine."
He looks shocked and so am I have never been possessive like this before.
"I...I am all yours." He now says with a smirk.
"Yeah, laugh it all up. It's not going to be funny when I break her face."
He chuckles. "I never thought I would find this so cute."
"Stop it."
He smiles as his hand reaches my cheek and caresses me. "You have nothing to worry about with her or with anyone. You are all I want."
I nod. "And you better stick to that."
"Always," he replies, smiling.
We make our way to the war room but this time we don't have our way with each other in the closet. Garret was angry yesterday and I don't want to make him angry again so I go directly to the war room where everyone starts to gather.
###Chapter 36
"Glad to see you in time.
Keep it up." Garret says as I walk into the war room.
He starts with his meeting but in the middle of it, Julia walks in. I am surprised but even more so I am FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I look back at Colt who starts givin "She sometimes attends these meetings to also learn, like you. Her father had it cleared with Warrick. I would stump my foot and throw a temper tantrum if I could.
"Pay attention," Garret whispers to me.
I know Colt just told me but I ask Garret this time. "Why is she here?"
"She is the daughter of one of the generals and wishers to learn the ways of war so she sometimes at "And you are going to let her?"
"Yes. Why? What is the problem?"
"Nothing," I say as I look away and pout.
But there is a big problem.
All she does is stare at Colt.
I know it is irrational to be angry over this because I know Colt has no feelings towards her but I can't and emotionally she has claimed him.
sed that no one bats an eye. I thought this was supposed to be a private meeting. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on an explanation.
. It is in a werewolf's nature to want to protect what they deem theirs. The problem here is that I believe Colt is mine...but so does she. I can see it. Mentally
to her."
I get close to Colt and whisper. "Colt, I am serious here, my wolf is on edge while she is around. You knowdon't be able to control myself if this girl agitates me more." He nods. "I know. I know how our kind works. Do your best but I will have a talk with her soon. Make it "Okay. Thank you."
I do my best to keep myself distracted with the meeting and forget about her and the looks she keeps When it is finally over, Colt and I go to get something to eat and then head to my father. Every step tha am going to react today. I can't control myself and I might just do something stupid.
"Good. You are here."
Warrick says when he sees me. Most of the generals are here along with Victor and Garret too.
It's not like I have a choice but I don't say what is in my thoughts.
He silently paces around with a finger under his chin, thinking.
"We'll alternate. Today we'll do something different to motivate you."
I don't know if I should be relieved or afraid.
He looks at Garret. "Kill her."
"What?!" Garret asks taken by surprise.
"Kill her!" Warrick shouts.
With panic, I look back at Colt. He looks distraught, not knowing what to do.
"He won't," Colt mouths.
I look back at Garret in time to see him take out a knife.
"No. Use your bare hands," Warrick says.
Colt is right, this is probably a test. He won't really kill me...right?
Within seconds, my brother Garret is on me. I start swinging my hands trying to punch him.
"Use your power to stop him because I won't," Warrick says.
Garret punches me right on the jaw, making me see stars.
"Stop!" I say as I try to straighten myself.
Garret's hands wrap around my neck and he starts squeezing with all of his might.
"S-st..."
I can't even make out words now or speak at all and soon,
I black out.
Colt.
e toward his office feels heavy. I do want to train my power but I do not want to train with him. I don't like how he does things and I am also scared of how I
I wake up with a gasp to find that I am back in my room. Poppy hovers over me and I quickly see Colt standing in the back also watching me, concern. "There you are," she says.
I hold my neck and feel the pain of the bruises as my fingers touch my skin.
"He..." It is painful to speak.
"Shh. Don't say anything.
Rest."
"Rest?" I say in a growly voice. "Garret almost killed me."
"No. Alpha would never allow it. Stopped him just in time."
"Warrick is too much. He takes things too far."
"I know he can be extreme..."
That's an understatement.
"But his methods usually tend to have results. But I know it doesn't mean it's right." She says. "Rest now. I'll get you something to soothe your throat."
She gets up and leaves. The moment she closes the door behind her, Colt rushes to me.
"Let me see you!" he says gently putting a hand on my neck.
"I...I think I am okay."
After checking me, he looks relieved. He closes his eyes and presses his head against mine "I-I should have stopped it."
"No. If you had intervened, you would have been punished. That man is crazy."
I pull him in and press my lips against his. His kisses really do soothe my soul.
He pulls back. "I hate this. I hate that I can't keep you safe. It shouldn't be like this!
should be able to keep you and make you feel safe."
I cup his face with my hands.
"You do make me feel safe."
"But you are not. Not while being here."
"Unfortunately we can't change what happened. We are here now and-" Poppy walks in. Colt immediately gets up. There was no way she didn't see how close we were but she acted normal. "Here you go." She hands me a cup of water and sits next to my bed again.
"Thanks." The water runs down my throat and it is very soothing.
"Better?"
I nod and hand her the cup back.
"Casseopea, listen, it won't be easy but you can do it. You can survive the Alpha. You have a strong will and even though he doesn't show it, he admires that." She smiles.
"All he did was talk about you last night just so you know. He didn't notice that he kept going on and on about you."
It was quite amusing to watch." She giggles.
I just can't see it. She speaks of him as if he were a normal good man. Maybe she has seen a side of him that he doesn't show to others.
I look at Colt because it reminds me of him. He doesn't show his tender side to anyone else but me.
I guess that there is a possibility that there could be more to Warrick than just a crazy, ruthless, evil old man.
A knock interrupts us. Garret suddenly peeks in.
"Can I?" he asks.
Poppy and I both nod.
He walks in but puts his hands in his pockets and stands near the door, far away from us.
I really hope he is not here to try and finish the job.
"Are you okay?" he asks.
"Yes," I immediately respond.
He nods. "I-I wanted to
apologize. This was...not really my doing. I have no quarrel with you and I never really wanted to hurt you."
I nod. "I get it. You were commanded to."
He also nods. "Yeah...so...sorry."
I find it kind of sweet that he took the time to come here and apologize.
I know he and Victor are not bad. They are not like our father but they have no Ichoice but to follow orders.
Just like everyone in this damn pack.
Garret clears his throat, gives a nod, and walks out.
Poppy turns to me with a smile. "I know that this might not be the family you wanted, but...we are your family nonetheless. Whether you realize it or not, your brothers care and so do I and Lotus. You are part of our family now." She gives me a kiss on the head- which catches me by surprise-and walks out of the room.
I am left so confused. I mean, can I really call this my home? Lauren and James were always my home but not the pack. The pack was hardly that. This pack, however...accepts me but...without Lauren and James...I don't think It would ever really be complete to me. Oh, how I wish I could see them right now. How I wish I could hear Lauren speak bluntly about her s****l urges as weird as it sounds.
"Cass?" Colt asks, coming closer.
"I...miss Lauren and James," I say. My eyes water.
He hugs me and stays with me for what seems like an hour until I finally calm down.
"I have to get back to guarding the door. If they don't see me out there-"
"I know, I know," I say.
"I am here, Cass. I am with you always." He kisses me and walks out.
I watch him leave feeling sad. I wish he could stay with me all night.
I grab snacks and stay up watching TV, trying to distract myself. When I am full of crappy food and start feeling tired, I decide to go to bed before I just end up past out here.
With a sigh, I get up from the couch and head to bed but suddenly hear a commotion outside of the house through my window. I look out and see that there are warriors running towards the woods. I am sure it has to be rogues. Even they are still stupid enough to try and get in here.
In the distance, I can see a storm brewing. It will rain all night and probably for a couple of days to come. I close my eyes and take in the smell.
I love the rain.
I take my ass to the bed and lie in it thinking of a day that Colt and I will be able to be together without having to hide it. I hope a day like that comes soon.
The next morning I am up training with Victor again.
I hate having to wake up so early to do this!
It is a cloudy day and it drizzles. The ground is wet so it is difficult training, but I have the same routine as the previous days. After training, I go eat lunch where Serge changes places with Colt. The day continues and after a long boring yet insightful meeting, it is finally over, and then it's time to face my father again. I have been dreading it all day.
When I walk into his office, just like yesterday everyone is here. But now there is a kid here too. He looks to be around 15 or 16.
"Good, you are here. Let's start." Warrick says.
"Start what? On who?" I look at the kid who is scared shitless. "I am not doing anything to this kid."
"Then he will die," Warrick says.
"Why?! Why do you have to kill him?!"
"This boy has tried to escape and incited multiple insubordination that resulted in others thinking that they could rise up or escape too. This will not be tolerated."
"Well, of course he tried to escape! Why wouldn't he?" I say. I almost put a hand in my mouth but I don't because I meant it.
There is silence in the room.
"Oh, don't stop there. You clearly have something to say...daughter." Warrick says.
"Have you seen how these people are treated? No better than animals!" I shout.
"That is a very good view of things. Now since you have no intention of practicing on this boy, let me show you what we do in a slaughterhouse to animals."
He grabs a knife and with speed, he approaches the kid.
Without thinking, I run in and hold Warrick's hand right before he slices through the kid's n*ck.
"DON'T!" I shout.
Everyone in the room gasps.
"Don't? You think you can command me?" Warrick asks.
"Don't you dare hurt him?" I say.
"You don't want me to hurt him? Alright, then maybe someone else can take his place."
This is when I am sure that he will use Colt against me.
He looks behind me, to Colt. Colt stands straight waiting for what Warrick is going to say but I swear if he even tries, I am ready to try and kill my father right here and now. "Bring him," Warrick says but Colt looks confused. We look past Colt where a guard nods. Suddenly, he opens the door behind him and another guard pushes a man in. My eyes widen and I am in shock when I recognize...Ezra.
###Chapter 37
"Found this vagabond sniffing around our borders last night," Warrick says.
Ezra looks up but his eyes are swollen shut. He has been beaten up and his face is almost unrecognizable. He is barely conscious.
"W...what does this have to do with me?"
"You tell me?"
I shake my head. "I don't know this man."
"Okay, so that means he can die instead of the brat?"
"Why does anyone have to die?!" I shout.
"Just how things are here."
"No one has to die just because I can't use my power when you want me to. It's something I have only done once or twice. I need time. I'll get it." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.l quickly glimpse at Colt who is tense. I can see him trying to act normal but I know him now. He is on the edge and he might just do something about this.
Warrick paces in front of me. "One thing you have to learn, Casseopea, is that I don't have patience." He says. "But I do have a knack for getting results from my methods." He looks at the guard that holds Ezra. "Kill him."
I gasp. "DON'T YOU DARE!" I growl out when the guard takes out a dagger but just as he takes it out, he lets it go.
"How..." Warrick mumbles and stares at me with wonder and confusion at first but then straightens up and composes himself. "Congratulations. You've saved your mate."
I glare at him with shock. "You...you knew?"
"Of course. He told us everything and I was surprised by all that I learned last night. You lied to me. You said you didn't havea mate."
"I didn't...lie. He was not a mate to me. and I was never marked."
"Mh...yet you save him.
"He doesn't deserve death for not wanting me!"
"He came all this way looking for you. I am sure that he wants you now."
I look at Ezra and I still feel nothing for him other than pity now.
"He can't talk now but he had a lot to say last night. On that note..." Warrick looks at Colt."
"Alexis, to think that I had my enemy's son right under my nose all this time just like they had my daughter under their nose. It makes me feel dumb and I don't like it." Oh no. Ezra! What did you do?!
"I...I am here. I came to be with you." Colt says trying to convince him. "I-"
Warrick puts a hand up.
"Because you were commanded to. We'll have a deeper talk later. Just like I had with your brother."
"I knew he was scum," Beck mutters with a mocking smile.
I am panicked. He is going to torture Colt. What do I do?
This is bad. Why the hell did Ezra have to go crazy now?! He...he's going to kill them both... isn't he?
"Mh, this day has turned out to be fun." Warrick mutters and then suddenly, the kid next to him is dead with just a swing of the dagger in his hand.
"No...you said... no one had to die!"
"I lied. I was going to kill him either way." Warrick says as if it was nothing.
My eyes flicker watching the young man on the floor bleed out, his eyes still opened.
"You...you...AAH!"
Without thinking, I pick up the dagger that the guard dropped on the floor and throw myself at Warrick. He immediately holds my hand as I wrestle to plunge it into his heart. No one in the room moves a muscle to try and stop me but they do look shocked. Warrick laughs. "Haha!
There's that fire! You are definitely your mother's daughter!" He says with excitement. "But enough." He twists my arm. I have to let the dagger go as he almost breaks my wrist and then he slaps me. I fall back and immediately a guard holds me.
Behind me, I can hear Colt growl. Victor and a guard hold him down.
"Don't touch her! Colt shouts.
"Aww, she is all you care about, isn't she?!" Warrick sits on top of his desk with a smile and looks at me. "So let me get this straight. You are sleeping with your mate'sbrother? The man who brought you to me. The man I ordered to bring you to me." I am confused as he says this.
"The man I ordered to woo you so that you had something to keep you here."
"It's not like that Cass!" Colt shouts.
"You...you lied..." I say as my eyes find Colt's.
"I...no. I love you! I do!" He sounds desperate. "He did order me to- to romance you but that was when I came back. I already had feelings for you. I love you, Cass!"
"But...you...were ordered to bring me here?"
"I...I'm sorry. My orders for these three years were to find you, his daughter. Once I did...I didn't want to bring you back and I never intended to. Since I was so far away from him, the command didn't seem to work well. But once we got caught, once we were so near him...I had no choice."
"Ahh, yes...one of the downsides of our power.
Prolonged distance." Warrick mutters.
Colt continues. "Cass, I swear! It was never my real intention to bring you here.
"But you did. "Warrick says. "I spent years believing that you-my daughter- were still alive even if your mother wasn't. Alexis...Colt, spent three years searching for you under my orders.
And do you know what the funny part was? I didn't know who he really was until now." Warrick laughs.
He motions to the guards holding me to let me go. It feels like all my strength has left me.
"So...you all lied to me right from the beginning?" I ask.
"It was quite easy really. You are such a naive little thing. So pure. Even fell for Alexis's sweet talk."
"No! That was real!" Colt shouts. "Cass! That was real!
Please believe me!"
I feel so betrayed.
Everything was a lie but I feel even more stupid because I still believe Colt now. I know it was real. I know it. I can feel his emotions even now but I am angry. He lied. He could have told me all of this a long time ago and I would have played along. I would have helped in any way.
I look at Warrick and I feel much more anger now. This man is trying to ruin me. He is trying to take what little I have left in me to fight. But I am not letting that go. I am going to cling to it until the day I die.
"Garret, take Alexis....wait, I keep calling him that.
Take...Colt to the black room."
Garret nods and proceeds to take Colt away.
"Cass! Cass!" Colt shouts as he is dragged out of the room.
I can't look at him right now but I force myself because I care for this man and I don't
know what is going to happen to him.
"Don't give up on me, Cass! I love you! I really do!"
I give him a nod even though I am angry at him but this seems to relieve him just a bit.
"As for this one, take him to one of the doctors before he dies." Warrick motions to Ezra. "He is still my daughter's true mate and not to mention, a bargaining chip against my enemies."
Bargaining...
"And so is Colt!" I quickly say.
"So is Colt...it would be stupid to kill him."
Warrick smiles. "Oh, I know."
I almost feel relieved because I am sure he is not going to just kill him but...I am afraid of what he is going to do to him.
"I'd be more concerned with yourself, daughter. You tried to kill me. You wouldn't be the first one who wanted me dead. I am sure everyone in this room wishes my demise one way or another. But you are the only one who has had the balls to try it. I am impressed but, that is not going to save you from punishment."
I get my composure back. I am done trying to act obedient. I am not afraid of this man anymore, I am angry.
"You are horrible. A monster and I am ashamed to be your daughter! I wish I had never known!" I scream.
He entangles his hands in my hair and lifts my head up but doesn't pull.
"I am going to break you.
You will learn to follow in line."
I give him a defiant smile.
"You can try. Give it your best shot."
All my life I have been punished for just existing. There is nothing that I can't take.
His smile falls and looks just a bit worried for once.
"Victor, take her to the stage." He says. "Treat her just like every other who has been punished there."
Victor nods and with one of the guards, he lifts me up and takes me out. I taken to the small wooden stage where there are poles standing tall with a few people chained around them. They are naked and bleeding with marks on their backs. "Clear the stage," Victor says to the guards.
The poor souls are taken away and I am now chained to the pole alone. The chains are about three feet long so I can move freely just a bit but I am unable to turn away from the pole and look out to where the stage audience should be. I do look back but there is no one spectating. There is no one to spectate since everyone here is being punished just like me.
Victor comes close and checks the shackles on my wrist. He looks at me as if he wants to say something but then looks away. I swear almost saw some remorse there but his stoic expression comes back fast. He steps behind me and suddenly, my clothes are ripped off until he leaves me completely naked.
I know I am getting whipped.
There is a pause from him. I look back and see him staring at my back, at my scars.
"Do your worst," I mutter.
He moves the hair away from my back to my front.
Somehow, I am not afraid. I have been through this before and I know eventually, it ends, though I am pretty sure this will be worse than all my other beatings but I will survive it.
I am used to this.
I look back and see one of the guards hand Victor a wire cable instead of a whip.
It is like a whip but made out of wired metals that I am sure are intertwined with silver. This is definitely different than all my other whippings.
I wrap the chains around my hand and hold on tight. Closing my eyes, I mentally prepare for it. I inwardly talk to myself and my wolf.
It's going to hurt...but you can handle it. I can handle it.
I'll get through this. We are strong...
The crack of the whip invades my ear before the pain even registers. My body jumps and I hiss.
I am strong! I scream in my head.
Another swing comes down.
"Ah! Mh..." I give a quick scream and immediately muffle it.
I am okay! This will end. This is pain and pain always ends. This...this doesn't scare me anymore. I...am strong.
Suddenly, that seems to click in my head.
I... I am strong. I can handle this. How many people can really say this?
I suddenly start laughing but the pain of another swing stops me though it doesn't detear my thoughts.
They won't break me. They can't! All these years, I have been built for this.
I laugh out loud again. I am sure that I look like a crazy person right about now. But
I don't care because this is it.
This is the moment I realize how strong I am. I will not break. I am not fragile anymore. I haven't been in a long time. Nothing will take me down now, I can take whatever they throw at me. They all have no idea what they have created. Let them whip me, punish me, hurt me, scar me, let them try to make a fool of me.
Will. Not. Break.
###Chapter 38
I sit in the cold in the darkness of night looking up at the sky. My head rests on the pole. I can't lie down because the chains are not long enough so I sit, resting with the pole as a pillow.
I didn't count how many whips I got but it was a good few.
It's been a few hours since I've been here. And just like I said to myself, the pain goes away. It hurts but it is bearable.
I hear the whimpers of the poor souls who have been tortured here and are prisoners. That breaks my heart Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Suddenly, a blanket is thrown over me.
"Your punishment is over,"
Poppy says as a guard unlocks my shackles. "Be careful with her. Don't hurt her," she says to the guard
I look up and notice that it is not random guards at all. It is Garret, and Victor who stands behind him
They take me to my room and as they open the door, Lotus walks out of my bathroom.
"In the tub. I have a warm bath running for her," she tells them.
They do as she says and leave the room.
I rest my head on my knees, closing my eyes. The warm water does make things better.
"There there. It's over now."
can't seem to look me in the eyes. They each grab one of my arms and carefully carry me back to the house.
Lotus gently pours water on my body washing away the blood and the dirt. "Let's get you cleaned up so you can rest."
"Alexis...I don't know his real name but, he is alive. He is also being treated for his wounds." Poppy say
I am angry and I really want to say that I don't care but I do. I am glad he is alive. But I am still so angry at him.
"The other man...the one that is your mate, he is also alive. He is in the infirmary also being treated."
Ezra...why is he always making things worse?
After they clean me up, they lie me in bed facing down and tend to my wounds. I'll heal within a few days, I would have been almost completely healed by tomorrow if it had been a normal whip that was used on me but this one had silver so it will take a bit more time and it will definitely leave scars.
I am thankful when I am finally left alone to sleep. It seems like morning comes too fast. I did not wake up once during the night. I was so tired.
Luckily, most of the day I am not disturbed.
The next day mid afternoon, I am taken to Warrick's office. I am feeling much better and my wounds are halfway closed.
When I walk into Warrick's office I am surprised to see not just him but Ezra too.
And he looks different than the last time I saw him. He still has a bit of swollenness on his face but almost looks completely healed and he iswell dressed in a suit. "Oh...it's you," I say not hiding my disdain for him.
"That's how you treat your mate?" Warrick asks.
"He's not my mate. I rejected him a long time ago. Why am I here?"
I show no fear and I certainly am about to speak my mind on anything he has to say. I am no longer afraid of this man.
"You are here because I demanded it."
"Well, I am here. Now what!" I am snappy and he notices.
He narrows his eyes at me but then looks at Ezra who I have been ignoring all this time and who just stares at me.
"Ezra here has willingly asked to join me. He is willing to give all the information of his pack away in order to stay here with you. Go ahead, speak, boy."
Ezra takes in a deep breath. "Cass, I was wrong. I need you. I need you more than anything. Please forgive me."
"Forgive you? Why? Just because you say you are sorry? And then you are willing to betray your family like this?"
"I know I f**ked up. I was stupid. I regret it. I regret it all," he says.
Now thinking...I haven't had any pain of betrayal since being back in his pack.
"Please, just give me a chance to talk. To make things right."
"I honestly feel no genuine remorse from you. You are just angry because your brother f**ked me."
I swear these words coming out of my mouth almost don't feel like they are mine.
He growls at me. His fist closes and his body shakes in anger.
"Bingo," I say with satisfaction.
Behind him, Warrick is completely enjoying the show. He is smiling but doesn't right out laugh.
"So you did it on purpose.
He is using you! He is the one that brought you here! He seduced you and lied. He doesn't really want you!" Ezra speaks.
"I know what I know. Actions speak louder than words and I know where Colt stands when it comes to me."
He loves me, I know this. felt his love. So this man can't convince me otherwise.
"Believe what you want, Ezra. I don't really give a shit. I reject you ten times over. You can go choke on a dick for all I care."
Ezra looks shocked and I almost want to laugh. I like this version of me. The one that doesn't give a shit.
"He is your mate. Do you not feel the bond?" Warrick finally talks.
"Oh, I feel it I just refuse it. I will not let this feeling rule me. All my life I thought that the mate bond was a gift but it is not. It is a way to force you to want someone even if that someone is a complete narcissistic, abusive ashole. I refuse to put those pink shades on that blind me from seeing all that is wrong in someone because of a mate bond. I will be the one to choose who I want to be with and that person is not you, Ezra."
Ezra is pissed.
"I came all this way for you. I was willing to go into the enemy territory to get to you." As he says this, I cross my arms and stare at my nails showing him how little I care.
"I am sorry. I am sorry for what I did to you but I will follow you wherever you go.
I want you. You are my mate." He pleads.
"You know, that's called obsession. It's not healthy." I say. "And you really thought that I would just forgive you just like that? That I would just accept you just because you are my mate?" "Please...Cass. I give up everything for you."
I stare at him. He looks so...pathetic to me. What he is doing is nothing to be proud of. He is betraying his family.
"No."
"But-"
"Enough," Warrick says. "I'm bored with this. Try again later. Our arrangement still stands whether she accepts you or not. Now leave us but remember, you are still a prisoner here until I say it otherwise."
Ezra hesitates but he walks out and as he does, he stares at me without even blinking but I look away, ignoring him.
As the door closes behind me, Warrick goes around his desk and sits on the edge of it looking like he has something to say.
"What now?" I ask him with attitude.
"That mouth of yours is becoming daring. Watch the way you talk to me."
"Why? What will you you do?
Punish me again?"
"WATCH HOW YOU SPEAK
TO ME, GIRL!" he shouts.
"OR WHAT?!" I shout back at him.
He rushes me and pins me against the wall. "Or I'll just have to make do with two sons instead!"
"Do it! Kill me! DO IT!" I scream.
He stares at me with sudden wonder and shock. His face backs away as he examines my face.
"I was....wrong...you are not like your mother." He lets me go, backing away. "Now I know why we are so at odds.
You are like me."
"No! I am not like you!"
"Yes, you are. That WILL and stubbornness are your mothers but that anger inside of you and that defiant side is all me."
He seems almost proud but I loathe the idea.
"I am not like you. I will never be like you. You are...cruel and a horrible man."
"I wasn't always like this.
Circumstances turned me this way. Maybe someday, you will see things differently, my way."
He swats his hand at me as he goes back to his desk. "Go. I am tired of you."
"Where is Colt?!" I ask.
He swats his hands again at me as if I was an annoying insect. "He is wherever
Garret took him and you are not allowed to see him anyway. NOW LEAVE! I won't say it again!"
I roll my eyes and turn around.
"I am not like you!" I shout before I walk out of the doors but he doesn't respond.
I slam the door behind me and stomp through the hall all the way to the war room where I know Garret should be right now. Serge walks behind me trying to keep up but doesn't say a single thing. We never really talk much anyway. Open the two big doors, slamming them on the walls.
"Where is Colt!" I shout at the room full of men.
"What the hell is wrong with you?" Garret raises his voice.
"I am going to see him and damn anyone who gets in my way. Where is he?!"
I am ready to raise some hell today.
"Are you crazy? If father-"
"Does it look like I give a damn what he does to me?!
If you don't tell me then I will go through every single room in this house. I'll break every door that stands in my way! I'll definitely give dear old Dad something to punish me for!"
To say that I have shocked the life out of everyone in the room is an understatement.
Garret takes me by the arm and pulls me to the side away from everyone.
"I am not telling you shit!" he says.
"TELL ME!" My angry voice echoes this time as if there was a huge empty room.
"Second floor on the right. The room that is guarded with two men." Garret says and suddenly his eyes almost burst out of his sockets. "I...I didn't..."
I smile with satisfaction.
"Oh look at that. My powers work perfectly fine after all."
I am super surprised but I am trying not to show it.
It seems that they work better when I am a bit out of control. I know I have to learn to control them because this can be dangerous especially when I am angry.
"Aren't you going to do anything?" Garret asks Serge who is behind me.
"I am tasked with her protection and nothing more," he says.
"Thanks. I won't tell anyone if you don't."
I walk out feeling smaugh with a c**ky stride and a big smile on my face as they watch me.
Dear Daddy, you wanted me to learn how to use my powers? Well, I am. Be careful with what you sow, you might not like what you reap.
###Chapter 39
"Serge, why would they have him in a room in the house?
Wouldn't it make more sense to take him to a cell?"
"My guess would be to keep him close to you. To use him against you." Serge responds.
That makes sense.
As I search through the hall, suddenly Julia stomps in my direction.
"This is all your fault!" she shouts at me.
"What?"
"Alexis is being punished because of you! He might be killed!" She starts crying but has visible anger.
"Colt will not be killed. I will raise hell if that happens!"
"You did this to him! Why couldn't you just leave him alone?!" Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.She is not listening to me. "I hate you and I swear if something happens to him, I will make you pay!"
"Enough Julia!" Serge shouts from behind me. "You can't speak to her like this."
Julia grinds her teeth. "I don't care who she is. I love him. This is all her fault and Alexis should not have to pay for it."
Love?
It bothers me but I look past it. "Colt."
She looks at me with confusion.
"His name is Colt, not Alexis.
And I intend to do everything in my power to make sure that he is safe. I will not let my father kill him."
She doesn't say anything else but just stares at me.
I turn around and continue my search.
Love him? She loves him?
Well...so do I. I love this man too.
As I turn a corner, I see the two guards standing in front of a door that leads to a room just like Garret said.
I walk up to the guards and they suddenly stand in my way.
"I either pass or you are going to have to stop me." I tilt my head. "What will happen if they put their hands on me, Serge?"
Serge suddenly growls at them and they immediately back away.
I do feel like a brat at this moment. Using everything I have to my advantage.
"We have instructions not to let anyone in." The guards say.
"Then don't tell anyone. I am going in either way."
I walk past them, ignoring them, and open the door.
The room is dark but I am still able to see.
Colt lies on the bed with his hands cuffed on the side of the bedpost. For a werewolf, this would be easy to get out of but he does look hurt and weak.
He looks up and when he sees me, he immediately tries to sit up but he can't.
"Cass!"
I sit on the bed with him on his side.
"Did someone tend to your wounds?" I ask him.
He slowly nods.
Unlike Ezra, Colt's face wasn't touched but he has deep cuts on his body that are already starting to heal. But because I am sure they were made with silver weapons, it will take a bit longer than usual. He doesn't seem to be hurting though and I am glad about that. I don't want to see him suffering.
"Let me explain." he says.
"Don't talk. You've said enough."
"No. I haven't. I haven't said enough."
He lifts himself up as best he can, resting his back on the headboard.
"Let me start from the beginning." he says.
I quietly listen.
"In no way do I expect you to just forgive me because I lied to you. I lied to you many times when I could have just told you the truth. But I was scared and that made me act like a fool."
I don't give him a reaction and just wait.
"After Skye did what she did, I climbed up the ladder to get close to Warrick. That is all true. My need to kill him was all true. A few years later when he finally trusted me enough, he gave me an order. To search for his daughter. He was convinced that she...you-had survived and that you were being harbored by an enemy pack.
I started with the easiest packs to infiltrate and of course, I didn't find anything. When my father's pack caught us...that was true as well. We got caught by them, I never had any intention to infiltrate my father's pack mostly because I was sure that Warrick's daughter would never be there. I was obviously wrong but this all came by chance.
Even when we were in the cells together, I didn't know you were his daughter until you used your power on that
f**ker."
"And that is when you planned to take me to him." I interrupt.
"No! Listen, please."
I take in a deep breath trying to put my anger aside.
"Giving you to Warrick would have meant that he would have had more power.
So no, that was never my intention. All this time, I was searching for you so that I could use you against him. Cass I got as close as I could to Warrick and I still had no chance to end him. So this was my plan. Falling for you was not part of it but by the time I learned who you were, I already had my foot in. I was taken by you."
"So you brought me to him to get close to him?"
"No. We got caught when we went to the city. I had no idea that he would be there because he rarely ever makes rounds to the city. But once we got caught, the urge to follow my orders through set in though I fought it with all I had. When we got caught, there was no other choice.
All I could do to protect us was to act as if I had really brought you to him. I hated the idea because now, I wanted to keep you from him. Now, I didn't want him to know that you existed. I wanted to protect you."
"And the seducing me part?! Why are you leaving all that out?"
"I am not. Once we got here, he told me to get close to you. But I was already close though I didn't tell him that. I was already in love with you and I know you were in love with me. It doesn't matter how much you deny it. I know."
I keep my face away from him trying not to react to his words but he continues.
"I had to agree so I did, but that was it. My love for you is real, Cass, and that plan I had to use you against Warrick, was out of my head a long time ago. I don't know what you did but, all that hate is gone. I am still angry but it is not my fixation anymore. You are. You are all I want."
He pauses and I take a moment to take it all in.
"I...I have to think." I say as I get up and head to the door.
"Cass!" He calls out to me.
I stop walking and wait to see what he has to say.
"I love you, Cass."
With hesitation, I start walking and leave the room without giving him a reaction.
There is no denying it, I love him too. I fell for him hard. I recognize that I am angry at this moment, and I know it will pass. I think I just need some ME time.
As I walk through the hall, I stumble on Skye who has a bag that seems to be full of clothes. She has a split lip and looks angry.
I can only assume that Warrick threw her out of the house.
"Leaving?" I ask.
She obviously wants to tell me off but she doesn't. She keeps her mouth shut and walks past me.
I shrug my shoulders ignoring her too.
I walk downstairs and go to one of the garden rooms at the back of the parlor where I have seen Poppy and Lotus gather before. It is a sunroom with flowers all over it. A calm and relaxing area. I find an empty chair in one of the corners and sit soaking in the sun on my skin. Serge, I assume is somewhere behind me. He almost makes himself invisible to me. It's annoying to have someone follow me everywhere I go but at the same time, it feels nice to not feel so alone.
Suddenly I hear Serge give a low growl. When I look back,
I see Ezra.
I roll my eyes. "What do you want?"
"You." He nonchalantly says.
"Ezra!"
"Fine. Just let me talk."
I stay quiet and turn back to look out of the window glass.
"I realize what I did. I realize I f**ked it all up. But we still have a connection. That's how I was able to find you here. I followed it."
"And?"
He sighs. "It means something, Cass. We are fated to each other."
Looking straight outside, I confess to him. "I am in love with your brother." after a few seconds of silence, I turn to him. "I am not saying this to hurt you, Ezra. But you need to understand where my heart lies and it is not with you." "But I am your true mate. I am the one you are meant to be with."
"That means shit to me, Ezra.
You hurt me and pushed me away. This is the result of that. Accept it. Move on.
Find someone you can truly love and can love you in return."
"I can't. I always wanted you."
"You what?!"
"I always wanted you but my pride got in the way. I was ashamed that I wanted you. I was angry at myself and that is why I treated you the way I did. That is why I did the things I did."
I feel like I am finally hearing him speak the truth.
But... it's too little too late. I still feel nothing for him.
"I need you, Cass. Let me make things right, please." He pleads.
"You don't need me. You only want me now because you lost control of me. You can't hurt me anymore."
"No, Cass. That's not it.
Please, just give me a chance."
"And your family? You are betraying them, giving them up to the enemy for what? A chance with me?"
"Yes. I am giving everything up for you."
"I can't believe you. Do you actually see this as a selfless act? It is not. You are being selfish. You are unable to have something you want so you do anything you can to get it. Including hurting those closest to you. You haven't matured at all. It's like you are a bratty child in a man's body."
He abruptly gets up. "You are mine. No matter what you say, you are mine. My brother might have indulged in your b*dy but he will never be your true mate. If that is what was meant to happen, then he would have been your mate from the beginning. But he isn't. I
am."
"Ezra, I am going to give you my final answer. I don't want to be with you and you need to accept it."
"No! Never!"
"Then now you are just hurting yourself."
"You will be mine again." he says.
I look straight into his eyes. "I was never yours. Not.
Once."
His eyes slide to my neck and I suddenly panic but he then looks behind me where
I know Serge is.
Ezra is an Alpha but I know so is Serge and he looks much more menacing than Ezra.
Ezra looks back at me as he backs away. "You are mine.
I'll be damn if I let Colt have you." He says and then leaves.
In your damn dreams.
I am so glad I wasn't alone. I am sure that it crossed his mind to mark me.
I sit back straight in my chair feeling annoyed. This really pisses me off. Ezra was the one that brought all this to light but Colt just had to go and ruin things too and when things were so great!
"You dummy!" I mutter.
After a few seconds of silence, Serge asks.
"Uhm...me?"
"Oh! No, sorry."
I huff and get up feeling so angry. "Stupid Colt."
I sprint up the stairs and make my way straight to his room again. The moment the guards see me, they start shaking their heads side to side.
"No. Not again."
"Yes, agian."
I go past them and open the door. Then I close it behind me, locking it and leaving Serge out there as well. I ignore their complaints and go straight to Colt. I stop in my tracks when he is sleeping looking very peaceful. I slowly walk over, taking in how sexy he looks handcuffed to the bed.
Biting my lips, I lift one leg and throw it over him, sitting on him. He opens his eyes and looks surprised.
"Cass?"
"I am angry at you." I speak.
He sighs. "I know.
"But... I love you."
"You do?!"
"Yeah! Why are you so surprised when you are always saying that you know
I love you."
"Because you never said it before."
"Well! Anyway! I was saying I am angry but I love you."
He smiles and looks relieved.
"Oh, don't think I am forgiving you just like that."
"What can I do to make it right? I'll do anything." he says.
I look down at his body that is only covered on the bottom torso with a blanket."What can you do? Mh...not a single thing. Let me have my way with you.
He raises a brow. "Have your way with me?"
"Yeah. When am I ever going to be in control if not like this?"
He gives me a half smile that makes him look even more sexy.
"Do what you want to me, Angel."
###Chapter 40
"Do what you want with me, Angel."
"Whatever I want?"
"Whatever you want." He replies.
"Mh, don't mind if I do." I get close to his neck and start licking and kissing.
My hands move to his chest where I caress making sure I avoid his wounds. I k*ss all the way down to his nipples where I continue to lick and k*ss. His breathing quickens and he starts to give small moaning whispers. I look up at him as I continue down. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. He watches me with excitement.
"Do you like this?" I ask him.
"Mh...yes, baby," he whispers.
I smile and k*ss his abs while my hand slides inside the sheets. I take his c**k and start stroking, feeling the meaty sausage stiffen in my grasp.
Colt gives subtle whispery moans but I want more out of him. I drift down and take his member in my mouth.
I have only done it once and it was with his guidance so my goal is to try to not choke and look stupid. I lather my tongue all over his member. The subtle salty taste at the beginning from his precum is not so bad. I try to go as far as I can but I definitely have a limit because my gag reflex wants to activate. I pull back a bit and use my hands to help stroke him at the same time that my mouth works on the top side.
Hearing him uncontrollably moan is pure bliss to my ears. I am in full control here and I like it. I am more of a submissive person but now and then it is nice to change the roles. "Mh! I'm about to..."
The moment he says this, I stop. I move my hands away and unlatch my mouth from his cock.
This is supposed to be a punishment after all. He is not going to get it that easily.
He gives a little groan but no real complaint.
I start k*ssing his stomach again going up to his mouth and taking his lips with mine. His hair is messy so he looks so sexy to me. Seeing him like this really turns me on.
I take my shirt off along with my bra. He stares at them biting his lips. I can see how much he wants to touch them maybe even latch his lips to them. I touch my breasts squeezing and caressing them. He groans with pleasure watching me.
I then lift myself and take off my pants and underwear. Now completely n*ked, I sit on him. I rub myself against his member while continuing to touch my breasts.
When I feel like he can't take it anymore, I hold his d**k up under me and sit on it.
He moans as he enters me and so do I. I start rolling my hips. He moans, I moan and it feels like we could create a melody at this point.
I can see him holding the chains tight, pulling on them but they hold.
I change my movements and start jumping on him up and down.
He bites his lips and holds the chains even tighter as he groans. I know he wants to touch me and hold me. I am sure he wants to turn me over so he can take control but he can't suddenly notice that look. He's about to come. So I stop.
He grunts and tries to move his hips but I hold him down.
"No. Only when I allow it." I say.
He huffs. "You are enjoying this too much."
"What do you expect? This was a punishment after all."
His grouchy face turns to a smile. "Fine. But enjoy it while you can because this is the only way that you will get me like this."
He looks at my breast. "F**k, I want to touch you so bad."
I squeeze them. He bites his lip again and with a sigh, he tilts his head back closing his eyes.
"Torture." He whispers and I laugh.
When I feel like he has calmed down, I start moving on him again. We play this game of cum blocking three more times and now I know he is at his limit. He is getting frustrated but I am not stopping. I am enjoying it. I have plans to do it a few more times.
As I am jumping on him and speeding up, building him up to where he is about to come, he suddenly pulls on the chain with all his strength and one of them breaks. I can't even react before I am already under him. He rolled us around and now has me pinned under him. I gasp in surprise and he laughs. One of his hands is still shackled so he holds it against the headboard but the other one holds me by the hips.
"You are mine now. No more games." He says and kisses me.
His lips crash hard on mine with frustration. His thighs lock on mine and hold my thighs in place, completely exposed to his c**k. I am trapped under him but it is not like I am actually trying to get away. I am turned on by his desperation and dominance. "Guess I am all yours now," I whisper.
He almost growls. "You are."
His lips latch on to mine again and he plunges into me making me gasp and moan.
He doesn't start slow. He goes fast and hard. He pulls away from my lips and now peers down at me, watching me. My hands hold his chest and shoulder needing something to cling to. Immediately I am about to come.
I do not limit myself. I moan and I moan loudly. I am sure the guards and Serge can hear me outside.
Colt grunts without once looking away from me. He puts his hand on the nape of my neck and shoulder holding me from bouncing so much as he savagely f**ks me and I am loving every second of it. I have never seen him like this and it is thrilling. The bed hits the wall as if someone is hammering the wall with a mallet.
My breathing becomes more erratic as that feeling inside me rises. He grunts louder and speeds up even more. I close my eyes and hold his hand tight as my b*dy explodes with pleasure. At the same time, he grunts and slows down almost to a stop, giving three to four hard thrusts balls deep into me. He collapses over me but he holds himself up enough so that he doesn't crush me. My b*dy shakes. I am unable to control it.
I didn't think this is how it was going to end but goddamn that was amazing.
He rolls over to his back. His shackled hand still dangling over him attached to the bedpost.
"Mh...we should do punishment like this more often." I mutter.
"I disagree. That was t*****e." He says and I laugh.
I lift myself to my side, putting a hand on his chest and caressing.
"Well-deserved torture." I say.
He sighs. "I guess so."
I throw myself at him and k*ss him, then, pull back and look into his eyes.
"I love you, Colt."
This makes him smile.
"About time."
I stay with him all night until morning when knocking wakes me up.
"Princess." Serge's voice comes through the door.
"We need to go." He says but I ignore him and cuddle closer to Colt.
I suddenly hear wood breaking which now wakes up Colt as well.
I gasp. "You broke the door?!"
Serge speaks from the slightly opened door but he doesn't look in. "You wouldn't open it. There are pack members here to tend to him and his wounds." He says.
I sigh. "Fine fine. Give me a moment to dress."
I give Colt a long nice kiss and get ready. He watches me with want again. I swear this man is never satisfied but I like how much he always wants me.
Before I leave, I give him another k*ss. "I'll be back soon."
"Mh, and I'll be waiting." He whispers.
I walk out with shock at how much my inner thighs hurt.
Rought s*x has its consequences.
I go to my room where I shower and get ready for the day but instead of heading to see Victor for my training which I assume is still on, I head for my father's office to give him another piece of my mind.
I swear I am going to make his life difficult.
I pass through a hall that has windows on the left side. As I am admiring the view outside, I start to feel hungry and wonder if I should just go eat first. At that moment, I am talkled from my right. Someone coming out of the parlor slams into me and we both are thrown out of the window. I hit the ground pretty hard but I quickly sit up. My arm hurts and I have a few superficial cuts that quickly start to close.
Suddenly a shadow is cast over me.
"YOU ARE MINE! YOU WILL NOT SLEEP WITH HIM EVER AGAIN!" Ezra growls.
I am stunned unable to think for a few seconds.
He exposes my neck and shoulder but before he can plunge his fangs into me, Serge tackles him. Ezra-in a rabid state-turns around and like a wild animal, he claws at Serge, slashing his chest. At the same time, Ezra bites him on the shoulder and takes a chunk of meat out. "No!" I scream.
Ezra turns to me with crazed eyes. He growls at me and starts to shift as he runs to me. I get up and startshifting too while I try to put distance between us.
I managed to shift in time. I turn and meet Ezra head-on.
He aims for my neck the whole time so I try my best to deviate from his bite but he is much bigger than I am and stronger.
I bite and scratch at him but nothing seems to get him off of me.
He snapped and is out of his mind right now.
I use what little strength I have to push on him and somehow I am able to get out of his grip. I run but immediately he catches me and jumps on my back.
I turn around and start biting at him. I tried to latch my teeth on some part of his skin but with no luck. He bites down and clenches his jaws on my shoulder, drawing blood.
Suddenly he is tackled again off of me.
Colt stands over him with his broken shackles on his wrists and then starts shifting.
People run toward the commotion but there is no way they can get involved without getting hurt. These two start fighting like wild dogs.
Colt is a bit bigger than Ezra but Colt is still hurt and I can tell that he is not able to give the fight his best.
As if Colt is now the of Ezra's rage, Ezra relentlessly slashes at him almost like he forgot that marking me was what he was aiming for.
I finally see my brothers and Warrick in the distance running in our direction and I watch with the hope that they will be able to stop this.
Colt holds Ezra off but he is not able to get him under control. Suddenly, in an attempt to mortally wound Colt, Ezra bites him on the neck and my whole body goes into shock. My wolf suddenly growls and it resonates through the field like an echo. The whole picture in front of me freezes. Ezra and Colt stop moving and so do everyone else watching. They all turn to me and suddenly kneel.
Even my brothers but not Warrick. He looks at everyone around just as surprised as I am.
###Chapter 41
As the silence around progresses while everyone is kneeling and looking surprised, I shift.
Colt and Ezra shift too when I do. They pant and are both looking hurt.
My attention is now on Ezra.
"You...you were going to forcibly mark me? That was your bright plan?"
He looks up at me and starts to get up along with everyone else.
"If I mark you, you will feel the mate bond much stronger. It was my only shot! You are my mate! Not his! This is bullshit and you know it! You are supposed to be with me!"
"You don't deserve her!" Colt shouts. "Not after what you have done!"
"You shut the f**k up! You are my brother! You are not supposed to try and take my woman! You had your own mate and she left you! So Shut the f**k up!"
Colt does not quiet down just because Ezra tells him to.
"And you didn't want her until she was not yours anymore! What kind of logic is that?! If you wanted her so badly, then you should have taken care of her and treated her right! She deserves better than you!" Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."She is mine!" Ezra growls and walks towards Colt with his fist clenched. Colt starts to walk towards him too with the same intention.
"Enough of this!" Warrick shouts.
They stop but it seems to me that it won't be for long.
I really just want to slap Ezra until he understands.
I point at him.
"Get this through your damn skull! I. DON'T. WANT.
YOU!" I scream. "I REJECT YOU, EZRA BEAUFORT! I, REJECT YOU!"
His face scrunches in pain and his hands hold his chest.
He falls to his knees and now looks like a wounded animal.
Every time I reject him, it causes him pain.
"I...I will never get through you...will I?" he asks.
"No, Ezra. You need to understand this already and move on."
"Under...stand? Understand that you are f**king my brother. That you choose him over your mate?" He looks up at me now with so much anger in his eyes. "I hate you both for this. And I will be damned if I see you two happy." That now sounds like a threat. He gets up looking tired but not beat. "I accept your rejection, Casseopea. If this is what you want, then I accept your rejection."
Suddenly, a pain stronger than I have ever felt before surges through my heart. I clutch my chest and give a scream. Ezra does the same.
He looks up at me holding his chest. "This is what you wanted and now you have it! But you will never be happy.
I'll make sure of that. I am going to live just to cause you pain."
I look into his eyes and for a moment there, I believe every single word he says.
"Alpha!" A warrior pants as he reaches us from the reforming camp. "They are escaping!"
"What?! Who?!" Warrick shouts.
"All of them! The commotion here distracted everyone! They are running!"
"GO YOU SONS OF BITCHES! CATCH THEM!"
Warrick shouts.
All the warriors start running past us like a stampede, even Warrick runs into the forest but not before he tells my brothers to watch me. My attention goes back to the guys but Ezra is nowhere to be seen now.
I walk over to Colt. "Where is he?"
"I don't know. When everyone started running, he was suddenly gone."
I stop searching for Ezra and look up at Colt. "How are you?"
He smiles. "I am okay.
I look at him with concern.
"You...you should make a run for it too."
"What? What the hell, Cass. No. What are you saying?"
He sounds a bit frantic.
"Warrick is going to be pissed. And he just might take it out on you to punish me. They are watching me but not you.
He caresses my face. "I am not going anywhere, Angel."
"He could...kill you, Colt."
"Not if we are mates." He puts a hand on my chin and traces my l*p with his thumb.
"Mates?"
"You...are officially free to be my mate, Cass. Your mate bond with Ezra was broken." He says.
Realizing this, I take his hand, pull him with me, and run naked back to the house.
I start running through the halls like a young school kid avoiding Victor and Garret who now search for us around the house.
"In here?" Colt asks.
"Yeah. I am sure they won't think that we are in my father's office."
I pull him as I sit on the edge of the desk and k*ss him.
He moans as I pull away and whisper to him. "Can I."
He looks at me with confusion but then asks. "You want to mark me first?"
I giggle "Yes."
With a big smile, he moves the hair from my face, kisses me, and then he tilts his head, giving me way.
"Are you sure?" I ask.
"Yes. Now stop making it awkward."
I laugh but immediately move close to his neck and start sliding my nose through it, taking in his scent. My fangs intuitively come out and I start grazing his skin with them. I start nibbling until finally I sink my teeth into his skin. He gives a small groan and suddenly his hands pull me closer, holding on tightly at the back of my neck. I hug him as I continue to bite pushing my intent.
I suddenly feel this swelling of emotions inside my chest. A mate bond is being created between us.
When I am done, I pull back and stare at him. I can feel the trickle of blood on my l*ps which I immediately lick off.
His eyes look at me with intensity.
"Are you okay?" I ask him.
"Did I hurt you?"
He doesn't speak but instead k*sses me. It feels as if it's the first time ever that he touched me. As if it was our first k*ss.
"That feels amazing," I whisper, my warm breath tickling his l*ps.
"My turn." He says.
The mate bond is not officially complete until we both mark each other but a mate bond was created the moment I marked him. Just like the one I had with Ezra.
But this is different because Colt is different.
The door suddenly swings open and Warrick dashes in looking the angriest that I have ever seen him with Victor and Garret behind him.
"Enough you two! Enough! You are acting like..." He pauses as if he is searching for the words in his head.
"...f**king teenagers!"
He pulls Colt away and with a slam, he sits him on a chair away from me.
"Don't you f**king move." He tells Colt as he snaps his fingers at Victor.
Victor-understanding the queue- takes his jacket off and throws it at me. I cover myself with it while still sitting at the desk.
Warrick points at me now. "And you! You are f**king chaos incarnate!"
I start to laugh but I immediately put a hand over my mouth and hold it in.
I don't know why but...I like it. I am chaos to him. I should be afraid of this man but somehow... I am not anymore.
The corner of his eyes crinkle. "That's funny to you?"
His eyebrows knit and I swear I can see a vein pop on his forehead.
"Never have I had to deal with this kind of shit!" He points to Victor and Garret.
"Your brothers never dared to do this kind of crap."
"That's because they are afraid of you. Everyone is. I am not. Not anymore." I bluntly say.
"Oh, I can see that. But do you know what makes me the angriest?"
I don't say anything and wait for his answer.
"It is that I am not even upset about it. Do you know...how amazing you are? What you did out there?"
I am confused now because he is right, he doesn't look as angry as he was a minute ago.
"I can't do that." He says. "I can't do what you just did."
"What do you mean?"
"What your wolf did out there."
"You...you can't?"
"No! Not in my wolf form. Your wolf just made everyone kneel to you and you think this is all a joke?"
"No. I don't think it's a joke. I know how serious this is." I say.
"Do you? We are descendants of royalty, Casseopea. We are meant to rule! Our bloodline is meant to rule all other packs!"
"Rule? I can understand that but what I don't understand is why do you have to rule with Tirany. Why be cruel?"
"This is who I am. This is how I rule. What I have been through...you have no f**king idea. I will never change. I am the bad guy. I am the villain. I know this. I was born with...a sadistic side. A side that enjoys bringing others pain. I can't shut it down and I don't want to. You don't have that side of me in you but you are capable of it. You have a deep-rooted anger inside of you that wants to come out, and f**k do I want it to come out!" He takes a deep breath, calming himself. He goes around and sits on his desk. There is stillness for what seems like minutes.
I get up and face him.
"So...did anyone escape?"
He puts a hand on his face. "Yes. Many."
"...Good." I mumble.
He takes in a deep breath and huffs but doesn't respond.
"And Ezra?" I ask.
He looks up at me and gives a small laugh as if he can't believe what I am saying.
"He's not here?"
"No. He ran too."
He laughs again but it is a sarcastic one. "Just great!"
He looks at Colt. "Guess you are my only leverage now."
"He's my mate! You can't kill him."
"I am talking about having leverage over his family pack. And you are not fully mated until he marks you too. However, there is a small chance that Killing him now might kill you too. As small as that chance is, I can't take that risk. So, he'll live." He looks down, thinking. "Tell you what...if you take this seriously and do what I tell you, you can keep him around. I won't lock him up, keep him away from you, or torture him which I can do at any given moment."
Putting a hand under my chin, I ponder this. "That is... an enticing proposition."
"This also means not interfering with my methods." He adds.
"I can't promise that but tell you what. I'll still stick around even with your damn methods if you allow us to be together. This means not taking it out on Colt when I...act out. And I promise not to run." "Run?"
"Yeah. It's been my goal since I got here." I admit.
He stares at me and I know exactly what he is thinking.
He is shocked that I have the balls to confess this.
I have a feeling that he enjoys this. He enjoys the way I am. I challenge him and he almost admires it.
He puts a hand up. "I'll think about this proposition. In the meantime for today, stay in your room." He looks at Victor. "Serge is hurt. Watch her for now."
"Do I really need a babysitter at this point?"
Now I am just trying to vex him on purpose. I am going to be challenging him on everything. I guess I am being like a teenager in a way. Rebelling.
"Yes, you do!" He shouts sounding like he is done with all of this.
"Okay. Fine but I am taking him with me." I say pointing at Colt.
"No! You are not! WE have a business to attend to now that Ezra is not here." He says.
"I want to be marked by him." I say with authority.
"Oh, that is not going to happen."
"What?! Why?! There is no reason to keep us apart like that?"
"Casseopea, I am telling you this once and only once. You finish this mate bond, and I will make it my mission so that you never see him again. Do I make myself clear?!" "But why?!"
"Because...you need to look available."
"What?!"
"I need to make alliances now. And what better way for an alliance than having the next-in-line Alpha to one of the strongest packs look as if she is available as a potential mate?" "NO! I will n-"
He interrupts me before I can finish. "I didn't say you were going to be mated to someone else! You really need to learn how to play the game, daughter."
I take in a breath, calming myself.
"So, you don't want us to finish our mate bond because I am more useful if I am not mated?"
"Yes. It's politics my dear." He leans in. "You ruin this for me, and he will be gone." He
looks at Colt. "You mark her, and I will make sure that you will never see her again..." He pauses for a moment as if he was thinking and then leans in close to Colt. "In fact, you are not allowed to mark her until I tell you to. Do you understand?" "Yes, Alpha," Colt says looking like a mindless zombie.
I gasp. "Did you just use your power?!"
"I did and I mean it, Cass. No games with this. Now leave."
I huff feeling irritated.
"Fine!" I spit out with anger.
I cover myself properly with the jacket and slowly walk over to Colt. I bend over and k*ss him. Our l*ps feel magnetic and I don't want to pull away but I do.
I look at Warrick giving him a warning stare. "Don't hurt him."
"Goddamit woman! Go!" He shouts at me as he massages his temples.
"Fine."
I walk out with Victor following me. We walk in silence for the first few seconds until he mutters something.
"That was ballsy."
I look back at him. "Was it?"
"You know it. And we all also know that you just got away with it all."
I laugh and he smiles.
"I've never seen him like that before. Not in control. He doesn't know what to do with you." He says.
"But he needs me and that is why he doesn't know what to do."
"Yes and...I might be wrong but he seems to have...a softer spot for you."
I get to my room thinking of this.
Does Warrick really have a soft spot for me? Not that it changes anything because he is a monster but...does he?
###Chapter 42
"And he is going to be fine, right?" I ask the pack doctor as I watch Serge rest on the infirmary bed. "Yes. He is going to be good as new in a few days."
I'm glad he's okay. I don't know him at all but he seems like an upstanding man.
Plus, he got hurt protecting me.
I look at Serge as he lies on the bed. He is conscious and awake but he has his eyes closed, resting.
"Thank you. If not for you..." I sigh. "Thank you."
I walk out, leaving him to rest, and clap at Victor.
"Alright! Let's get to training!"
"It almost seems like you are going to take it seriously now." He says.
"I am. I need to learn how to fight. I am an Alpha but without training that means nothing."
He smiles, approving of my words.
I spend the morning training and putting in all I have to it. Victor is working with me to grow my stamina first. It is exhausting but I know I need to do this. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.The early afternoon, I spend it with Garret closely paying attention to what he has to say. Mid-afternoon I spend it vexing my father.
"I told you! No killing! Or I am not doing it!"
"You are insufrable you brat!"
"I am not the brat! You are the one who is scared of change and is soooo DAMN stubborn!"
"I'M stubborn?"
"Yeah."
He looks at his Beta with wide eyes. "This little..."
The beta seems like he doesn't know how to react and honestly, he looks a bit uncomfortable.
"Punch him." I say to Archie, the beta.
Archie looks at me with shock. "What?" He asks.
"Aww damn it. I thought it would work."
"You horrible girl! You were commanding him to punch me?"
"Yeah, well...it didn't work. But it will someday. And hey, that is all the motivation I need. No need to kill anyone 'cause that is not going to motivate me at all." "I have gotten way over my head here with you. I can't handle you."
"Well...too late now."
"You are really making me regret this shit."
I shrug and immediately ask him what is really on my mind. "So, where is Colt?"
"I am not telling you."
He hid him from me after my little sizzling rendezvous with him and the fight with Ezra. It has been two days.
"Well if you don't, I'll still find him. And once I do, I am going to grab that dick and give it a good-" He immediately interrupts me.
"YOU KNOW WHAT? Go away. We are done for today.
You are draining my damn lifeforce!"
I laugh as I walk out.
"You really enjoyed that, didn't you?" Victor says. He was behind me watching everything since he has taken over Serge's duties. "You did too. Admit it."
He laughs. "Yeah. He was out of his element. Never seen him like that."
As we walk downstairs, we pass by the space that has the sunroom. Lotus and Poppy are there sitting around a small table having tea.
"Hey, beautiful. Come sit with us." Lotus shouts across the room, patting the chair next to her.
I walk over with Victor behind.
"Here we have the girl that is causing all types of changes and commotion." Poppy says with a smile.
I laugh with a little embarrassment.
"Well according to father, I am being a brat." I sit with them and join them in conversation.
Poppy smiles. "I have never seen him like this, you know."
"Like what?"
"So...lost."
"Lost?"
She nods. "It's like he doesn't know how to handle you.
He's always been very strict. Would punish any of us without giving it a second thought if we broke any rules."
"That's because after you've been punished, you obey him immediately and fall in line." I say. "He is not going to get me with that. And look, I am not stupid. I know that there are punishments that he has done to others that are... appalling. I get that at any moment
he could choose to do something like that but I am definitely taking advantage of the fact that he needs me. He wants my power and that is why I am able to get away with so much. Because of his obsession with it."
"You are wrong. He doesn't suffer you because of your power. It is because of your mother." Poppy says.
"My mother?!"
"Yes. You are her daughter. The daughter of his one true love. He doesn't love us. He cares very much for Lotus because she has been with him the longest after your mother but he doesn't love us." "He...loved her?"
"Very much." Lotus nods.
"Then why did she run from him?"
"Don't get it wrong, she loved him as much as he loved her.
But she loved you the most. She was scared of the place that he had created. This place. She didn't want you to grow up knowing such cruelty. She begged him to stop it all. To let his ambitions go. But he couldn't. Without warning, she found a way out. Unfortunately, it caused her death. He became even more cruel after her death."
Poppy nods. "Yeah. After she died, that's when all this hell really started."
"But he doesn't hurt you two, does he?" I ask.
"No. He has never hurt us like that."
I nod. "And Skye...Jasmin? What happened to her? I saw her with a bag the other day."
"Oh, she got kicked out of the main house. She is no longer a bride and was taken to the pack house."
"And she has been quiet all this time now?"
"Yeah, surprisingly. She got knocked down from that pedestal she put herself in."
"Oh! Well. It was her own doing."
"Yes but...just be careful."
"Why?"
"Well, now that she has been removed as one of Warrick's brides, she might just try to go back to Alexis-I mean Colt."
"You think so?"
"Could be a possibility."
Then she's going to have to go through me...but...what if...what if Colt wants her back?... Stop it! Cass! Don't be stupid! This man loves you!
And he is mine! I marked him!
I take my mind away from those thoughts. "Anyway, neither of you would know where Colt is being held, would you?"
They both shake their heads.
I sigh. "Okay, thanks for the chat. See you guys later."
I walk out thinking that I am going to have to try and find him myself. I have been trying to feel him, I should feel him now but it is not strong enough. Suddenly I spot Garret.
With a mischievous smile, I walk up to him.
"Hey!"
He looks at me, stopping the conversation he had with another pack member.
"Yeah?"
"Where is Colt?"
"Oh no! No! Don't!"
"Don't what?"
"Don't ask me."
"Why?"
"You know why!"
"No, I don't."
"You are going to use your power on me."
"Well, I won't if you just tell me."
He opens his mouth but quickly closes it. Then he closes his eyes and shakes his head.
"Come on little brother. You can tell me." I say in a sweet tone.
"Little-" He closes his eyes and sighs. "The cells downstairs. Now let me be."
He says.
I turn to Victor. "Oh? This house has cells?"
"Yeah."
"Lead me to them."
Victor leans to the side and looks at Garret who is behind me.
Garret shakes his head.
"Don't look at me. She is your problem."
Victor sighs and then without hesitating, he leadsme to the cells, leaving an irritated Garret behind.
He takes me to a door in the back that seems to be a bit hidden at the end of one of the halls.
We open it and go down a flight of stairs and immediately there are cells on each side of the walls. But they are all empty. "Where is he?"
"He...must have been moved?" Victor says.
"Moved? Are you sure that is it?" I panic.
Victor looks at me but he can't really reassure me.
I run up the stairs like a demon ready to cause some hell.
I barge into Warrick's office.
"Where is he?!" I shout.
Everyone looks at me...including Colt who stands in front of Warrick's desk.
"Oh...there you are..." I feel just a bit embarrassed but I was ready to raise some real demons out of hell.
"You really have no manners, do you?" Warrick asks.
"Uhm...well..."
I look at Colt and see that he has no cuffs.
"We are having an important conversation," Warrick says.
I nod. "Okay."
"A private one." He adds.
"Oh...I see." I say as I look down at my pants and pat them to clean them.
"You are not leaving, are you?" He asks.
I give him a big smile.
"Nope."
He takes in a deep breath looking exasperated.
"He will no longer be treated as a prisoner. He will be your responsibility now." Warrick looks at Colt. "And she will be yours. Victor has other responsibilities so you are to protect her from now on." Colt nods. "I will. Always."
"I trust that you want to be with her more than you want to return to your pack."
Colt nods agian. "Yes. If she stays, I stay. I'll follow her anywhere."
"Good. Now leave. Both of you." Warrick says.
I take Colt's hand and turn around but Warrick speaks again. "I am not soft, girl.
Don't think that for one second. I will kill everyone around you if you betray me. So mind yourself."
I look at him before I walk out. "I know. I believe every word you are saying. But I have no reason to betray you...unless you give me one."
I can see him grinding his teeth as I say this.
"And I still mean it! Don't finish the mate bond! I warn you! You will never see him again."
"Yeah yeah, but also, stop killing people. Now that's an idea, eh? It's so overrated already." I smile at him and walk out leaving him cursing under his breath.
Immediately after closing the door behind us, I grab Colt and give him a big hug.
"I...I couldn't sleep the last few nights." I say. "I missed you too much."
His warmth encases me and I almost melt into his arms.
"I know. Me too. It felt like I needed you." He says.
I nod and look up at him.
"Let's got to my room...our room."
He smiles. "Are you asking me to live with you?"
I laugh. "I guess I am."
"Then that is a yes." His grin almost reaches his ears. "Let's go."
We sprint all the way up to my room. We lock the door and I push him on the bed.
He falls back and lies down on it while I climb on him.
I k*ss him. His hands grab my butt cheeks and he squeezes as we deepen the k*ss.
"Mh...I missed you, Angel."
I smile and dip my head to his neck. I softly k*ss him and lick the mark I gave him. It is pure pleasure just to see this mark on him. He is mine...well...almost completely mine.
Even though we are not officially mates, it still feels much more different than it did before. It is not just intensity. I feel...so much calm here with him. Inner peace. I feel...safe and his scent kills me. It is so good.
I pull away and look into his eyes. "I could stare at you all day." I say.
"We should stay right here like this for the rest of our lives." He adds.
I laugh and he laughs.
My nose crinkles. "Too much."
"Yeah."
He clears hair from my face and looks into my eyes with intensity. "I love you, Cass. I love you so much. I can't wait for the day that you are completely mine."
"Mark or not, I am already completely yours, Colt. I love you. I am glad it is us together."
He nods. "All that I have been through, it is all worth it now that I have you."
"All of it?"
"Yes, all of it. I'd go through all of it again if I knew it would lead me to you."
I give him that face where I am about to make fun of him but he narrows his eyes before I can say anything else. "Don't you dare ruin this moment."
I laugh. "Okay okay." I look to the side, thinking. "I'd do the same too. If I knew that I had to go through it all to get to you, I would."
"Good thing we don't have to."
"Yes! We are where we are supposed to be!"
"No. I don't agree." He says.
"What? Why?"
He gives me a devilish
smile.
"Because where you are supposed to be is under me right now."
"Under you?"
"Yep." He twirls us around and makes me straddle him while he presses his hips against my core. "See, just like this."
"Oh! Yes, much better." I say agreeing and then he locks his l*ps with mine in a passionate kiss.
###Chapter 43
Colt moves away from my lips and stares down at me.
"This is how I want you. Trapped under me so that I can pleasure you all night long in any way I like." "Sounds perfect to me." I whisper.
I feel like I am under his control like this and I like it.
I did like it when I had all the control, back when he was cuffed to the bed but I really love it when he He leans down and k*sses me, drifting down to my n*ck where he lingers. I am much more aware of hi touch now. Every time he k*sses me, my skin becomes hot and gives me shivers. My core and b*dy yea He lifts up and looks down to his crutch. He unzips his pants and lets his cock out, resting on top of m Colt smiles as he strokes himself. "He's happy to see you." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are lip and starts to rub himself against me.
My hand goes under his shirt and up his chest feeling his muscles. His hand starts to go inside my par so much more intense. I want him. I want him completely.
"Colt..." I moan.
"Mh?"
"Please, take me already."
He smiles with pleasure. "Hearing you begging like this... it's delicious."
He lifts my shirt up and places his lips on my breasts.
He sucks and nibbles relentlessly while making me moan.
Unfortunately to my frustration, we are suddenly interrupted. Someone knocks at the door and it irrit "Ugh! Who is it?!" I shout.
A muffled voice comes from behind the door. "Princess, the Alpha has requested you both."
"What why?!"
We just came from seeing him. Why would he need us again?
"I do not know. He has asked for you both and was very serious about it."
"Now?!"
"Yes. Now. He wants you both downstairs."
Damn it!
Colt looks at me and gives me one fast last k*ss before he gets up from me.
"Uh! Just like that?" I ask him with narrowed eyes.
He laughs. "Yeah. I am content with the fact that you want me so badly."
"This sucks." I complain and roll my eyes.
"We'll have time later." He says.
I sigh. "So optimistic."
"Of course. I am just happy that we get to be together.
You are now my mate."
one in charge much more.
him.
ed core.
ading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I laugh. "And I am happy to see him too. He smiles biting his bottom
n he reaches my core and starts rubbing. His touch now feels more intense. I close my eyes and get lost in the feeling. It was amazing before but now it feels
e beyond belief.
That changes my mood and makes me smile. I get up, pat my clothes down and we head downstairs to Warrick's office.
When we get there all the generals are gathered around including my brothers.
They all stare at three boxes on the desk. Two big ones and one small one.
"My condolences, your father is dead." That is the first thing that comes out of
Warrick's mouth.
"What?!" Colt is confused.
Warrick points to one of the boxes. "Step closer but be warned, it is gruesome and this was not my doing."
We both get close and see a severed head. Alpha Harrie's head. Colt's dad.
I gasp and cover my mouth in disbelief. But then I immediately turn my attention to Colt.
His expression turns to anguish. I pull him away from the box. His body is tense and he shakes. He doesn't move but he allows me to hold him. "What happened?" He asks.
His voice breaks but he holds his tears.
"Your brother happened.
"My...Ezra?"
What?!
Warrick nods.
Colt's hands turn into shaking fists. I put my hands over his from behind and continue to hug him.
I feel so horrible and I wish I could take this pain away from him. I can even feel a bit of it.
"Now... that's your father but who is this? It is not your mother because your brother speaks of her in this letter." He dangles an opened letter in his hand.
Oh no... is it his sister?
"Ezra-or rather Alpha Ezra now- said that your mother lies in a bed on death's door because of your father's...untimely death. Not in such nice words of course.
He boasts of how he did the killings. Your other brother was punished for interfering. I assume that is his eyes in there." He points to the smaller box. Then his eyes fall to the second bigger box."But who is that?" He points to it. I can only assume there is another head in there since it is just like the other big box.
Colt takes a deep breath with his fist clenched and then takes a step closer to the other box. His eyes widen and then he looks at me with panic.
"Who is it?" I ask.
He shakes his head. "Don't look!" He immediately gets in front of me trying to move me back but because of his reaction, the urge to look inside that box grows. I go around him and look inside. Immediately...my heart breaks in ways that I never thought it could. I put my hands on my mouth holding my scream but there was no point in that. The wale that comes from inside my chest is heard by everyone. I fall to my knees and my world spins.
I feel his arms around me but not even the love of my life can quench this pain.
Lauren, my dear sister, is dead. Her head, gifted to me in a box by the man who was meant to be my mate. I broke his ego...now he breaks my heart.
"Who is it?" Warrick asks.
All I can do is cry now as Colt holds me.
"Her...sister." Colt responds.
"Sister? What do you mean?"
"The people who took Cass in, they died when she was young and Lauren was the only family she had growing up. They were sisters and loved each other as so... she was also...pregnant." Hearing this all makes me scream. I lose it. I can't think.
The pain inside of me takes over and all I do is scream.
"Get the pack doctor." I hear Warrick say.
For the next few minutes, all you can hear is my wailing. I feel like I am drowning in sorrow.
When the pack doctor arrives, everything goes numb and I am thrown into sleeping darkness.
When I wake up again, I am in my room. It is the same as always but now it feels empty.
I lay there staring at my ceiling trying to numb the pain inside of me. My chest feels like it has exploded. It feels so heavy as if I had a fifty-pound weight resting on my chest. Tears stream down the side of my eyes but I do not make a sound.
I can feel Colt. I know he is near me. I can feel his presence. It comforts me but it is not enough.
"You are awake." He whispers.
I tilt my head in his direction until he finally comes into view next to me.
He puts a hand on my cheek, caressing while his forehead is pressed against mine and he looks down into my eyes.
For a few seconds, we are silent just staring into each other.
"It hurts, Colt. It hurts so much." I whisper.
"I know...I know." He whispers back.
"I don't want to feel anymore. I hate it."
"I'm sorry." He says. "I am so sorry."
"I am sorry too. You lost your father."
He closes his eyes and nods.
I shut my eyes in anguish.
"This is not fair. We just wanted to be happy."
"And we still deserve to be."
He says.
"I know, but I am so angry, Colt. I am so f**king angry."
Now the anger replaces the sadness. But this is different.
This is pure rage. I unwillingly start sobbing again but I try to hold it in taking sporadic deep breaths.
He hugs me tighter but I softly push him away and get up.
"Cass?" Colt calls after me but ignore him as I make my way out of the room.
He follows trying to get my attention but he sees that he is not going to get it so he silently comes after me.
Every inch that I get closer to Warrick's office, I am more and more angry. I barge in while he is at what looks to be a meeting with everyone. The boxes are thankfully gone.
I slam my hands on his desk.
"I want him dead! I want his skin ripped off of his bones!"
I shout.
Pure rage comes out of me. Warrick stares at me. One of his eyebrows lifts and his eyes spark with amusement. "That is doable... if we can get our hands on him first. Luckily...he is declaring war on us. Demanding that we hand you and Colt over."
"He is a spoiled brat playing Alpha." One of the generals says.
"Underestimating this 'spoiled brat' could be a great error." Garret crosses his arms deep in thought. "He is fueled by ego and he has shown that he can be unpredictable." "Then what do we do?" I ask.
"We wage war." Warrick replies.
"War? Those little pokes you have been giving for years?" I bark out almost mocking him.
"No. Real war." He says. "I want everyone early morning in the war room tomorrow."
My teeth clench and he notices. "It's best to think with a clear head. Rest. This situation will still be the same tomorrow."
I know he is right. I give him a nod in agreement.
Everyone in the room walks out and so do we.
I zone in on Victor as he passes by me. "Hey, Victor?"
"Victor stops and looks at me."
"Can we...practice?"
"Now?" He asks, surprised.
"Yes."
He shakes his head. "No. It's best if you just go rest."
"I can't rest. I can't! I need to do something."
"Then we should go for a run." Colt suggests from behind me.
I look back at him and slowly nod. "Yes. I think that will work. I just need to not think too much for a while."
When I think, I feel and all I feel now is pain.
Colt nods. "I know. I get it.
He rubs my back and we start to walk outside. The light in the sky starts to mix with the blue of the night.
Darkness waits its turn to come. Suddenly can't believe this is happening. I can't believe she is gone. All I can see is the happiness she felt when she told me she was pregnant. This breaks my heart.
And James... Is he even alive and if he is, he must be in so much agony.
Colt suddenly stops me and hugs me.
"I feel you. I feel your pain." Colt suddenly whispers.
I cry in his arms but I do feel his comfort. It makes the pain much more bearable. I know he is in pain too and maybe this is why it hurts so much. I am feeling his pain and mine and so is he. I also rub his back trying to comfort him. Even with our mate bond not being complete, we can still feel each other like this.
When we both feel just a bit of relief, we keep walking towards the forest and after taking our clothes off, we shift. We immediately take in a run and spend the whole night out. It is just what we need and distracts us for a bit but the pain doesn't go away. I am sure nothing will make it disappear.
We come back and manage to sleep for a few hours before we eagerly head to the meeting.
"Hey..." I stop Colt before going into the war room.
"I am sorry I didn't ask you this before. I should have.
How are you feeling about all of this? Ezra is your brother
So-"
"He is not my brother. "He says interrupting me. "Not anymore. I want him dead, Cass, he deserves it."
I nod. "Then we are together on this."
"Yes. He needs to pay for what he has done."
"Then let's make sure he does."
###Chapter 44
"The problem here is that to get to him, we would need to go through these other two packs that are in between him and us. The river packs." "Then do it," I say.
Garret shakes his head as he explains. "It's not that simple. First of all, these two packs are in very close proximity, only divided by a river. The moment one is having trouble, the others will come to help. We would need to take both of them at the same time. Not to mention what comes after. All other packs will turn their eyes on us."
I am annoyed. "They can try. Don't we have a bigger army? And we have Alpha Oliver and his pack-the Crescent Moon Pack-backing us. So what is the problem? Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. And I don't understand why you haven't done this already.
You have been at war with Ezra's pack for so long."
"We don't have The Crescent Moon Pack's full support just yet and there are rules that need to be followed. We've been poking here and there because we need to be careful. We are not mindless idiots. The plan was to slowly instill fear-"
I cut Garret off. "You've been instilling fear for years and that's it," I say cutting him off. "That is all you have done."
"Because actively going after every pack will cause them to band together against us. Over the course of five years, we've taken over three packs.
It has been done slowly and with lies and deceit."
Colt speaks. "Mh, I heard that one of these packs attacked you in the middle of the night, so you retaliated."
"Exactly...that was a lie. We said that we defended ourselves..." He air quotes. "...and retaliated over this attack." He air quotes again. "Just like Colt here. They were close to our pack but not close enough that an attack on them would be permitted, yet we did it anyway and lied. Said that he was in our pack's borders. Of course, his pack didn't believe it but all the other packs did. Deceit and lies."
"Then lie again," I say.
"The lies have to be believable, Cass. I get that you are upset and want results now but we are good at what we do. These kinds of things take time-
"Not this time," Warrick says surprising everyone. "Let's wipe these two packs out."
"But..." Garrets tries to complain but Warrick is not having it.
"We have cause for it. Alpha Ezra has actively declared war on us. These packs are the casualties of war."
Warrick says.
"Yes! Let's do it." I say with conviction.
"Cass..." Colt whispers and looks at me with worry.
Warrick gives me a pointed look. "You do understand that we are the bad guys, right?"
"But we aren't. We are getting rid of a tyrant." I reply to him.
"No. We are taking over other packs. It is what we have been doing for years and we've always been seen as the bad guys. The villains."
"Then fine. We are the bad guys. I won't argue it if it gets me what I want." I say.
"Cass...please think about what you are saying," Colt says.
"Do you want your brother dead or not?"
"Yes but...if we do this...we are killing many innocent people to get what we want. This shouldn't be a good thing to you and it is nothing to cheer about." He says. "I want him dead... Colt. I want him dead no matter the cost."
Colt shakes his head in disappointment.
Warrick smiles. "Spoken like a true villain.'
"
He almost seems proud but I just roll my eyes.
"Unfortunately we still have to wait until he makes a move first," Garret says and Warrick nods agreeing.
"Why?!"
"Because we need to know what he is up to. We could be walking into a damn trap for all we know. Maybe they want us to rush in and try to take them down."
"He's right. We still have to be careful here." Warrick says agreeing. "And you need to train that power of yours more. We are going to need it."
I don't like it. I hate that we can't just go now.
"Cass, they are right," Colt whispers behind me. "There is nothing more I want to do than go to my brother right now and kill him myself but bthat is reckless. Slow and steady wins the war." "It's race." I correct him.
"I know. It's a play of words to make a point."
I sigh.
Deep inside I know they are right. They all have years of experience and I don't. But it is so hard to just sit back and wait.
The meeting continues for hours. It is exhausting but not once do I get distracted. I pay close attention to every single word that is said.
After having a meal and refueling, we continue the meeting until late afternoon when finally we are done for the day with the meeting. Colt and I spend some time together before I have to train with my father.
We sit in front of the lake that is inside the pack's territory. I haven't been here until now. It seems that many kids spend their day here. We watch them play in the distance.
"Am I being too much, Colt?"
"Mh? What do you mean?"
"Pushing to kill Ezra. Being reckless."
He takes a deep breath. "You are trying to rush things but I think that with what he has done, he deserves what is coming for him. However...I don't like...Cass...this is war...many are going to die. Don't let this anger take over you. Don't let it change you." "I am not..." I mutter and bury my face in his chest. "I can't believe she is gone. She didn't deserve that. She was good. She was the best thing in that pack."
Colt holds me and rubs my back, trying to comfort me.
"She deserved happiness and to have a chance with her baby. That was all she wanted. She finally was going to get it but it was all taken away from her. This wasn't fair."
"I know. I am sorry that... that it was my flesh and blood who did this."
I shake my head. "Your father didn't deserve this either."
He nods. "He wasn't perfect but...yeah, he didn't deserve to go like that."
I hug him. "I hope the rest of your family is okay."
"Me too." He whispers.
"Hey...do you really think that......we...are the villains.
Are we doing all this wrong?"
"I honestly don't know, Cass. We are doing what we think is right."
"I...don't think it's right at all but...I still want to do this. I want him dead and I am willing to do whatever it takes to make that happen." I say.
He looks into the distance and doesn't say anything am sure he doesn't know what to say.
There is silence for a few minutes. All we hear is the water, the trees moving with the wind, and children laughing and playing in the distance.
"All I know is that I love you and I want to be with you always." He suddenly says. "I want to make you happy and right now, you are not happy. It is all because of him. I feel you. I feel the pain that he has caused you. So I want the same as you. I want him gone." I close my eyes and hug him. I'd choose this man over my real mate a thousand times over. This is what a real mate is and he is amazing.
"I love you, Colt."
We hug and spend beautiful time together just relaxing in each other's embrace.
When it is time, we head to my father's office where he waits for me for training. From now on it is the only thing I will be focusing on until I am able to use my powers right. But when it comes to my father, it is hard to not try to purposely vex him. "Okay. First, you need to learn the difference between Alpha command and your power, Alpha Ruling. Along with how to properly use the Alpha Ruling."
"Alpha Ruling? Wait, why didn't you tell me all of this before?"
"Because I wanted to see what you could get by yourself. With Alpha Ruling, you need to use direct eye contact with your victim's eyes."
"What? I should have been told this from the beginning." I complain.
"Alpha command is different than Alpha Ruling. With Alpha Command it is your voice that holds sway. It's not really commanding them but your voice holds such authority that they will be inclined to do your bidding.
However, someone with a strong will can resist it. But with Alpha Ruling, you are controlling their minds, you are tapping directly into their brains and there is no way they can refuse."
"Does this mean that I can only control one person at a time?"
"No. You can have multiple people under your control but you can only activate it one at a time. Of course, this depends. If you have three people looking straight into your eyes as you give a command, then you'll command them all. However, it is much more effective if it is done one by one."
"Oh...this suddenly doesn't seem like such a strong power anymore."
"Doesn't it?"
"Here is an example, every person in this room-except for you-I have used my power to command them to do my every bidding without refusing. I activated this command in them one by one but because of the command, they do everything and anything I tell them and I don't even have to activate my power on them anymore because they already must do everything I say."
"Oh...I see...never mind. That is pretty impressive...and a smart use of your power."
"I know. Now let's start." He says with impatience.
This man is not humble at all.
"Okay? Who will I be trying to control this time?" I say. "And like I said before, no killing."
"It baffles me how you want to kill Ezra so badly but you have no taste for murder." He says.
"It is different! He deserves it."
"Right..."
Colt takes a step. "You can use me."
"You?!" I squint my eyes at him.
"Yes."
I look at Warrick and he nods, approving.
"You've done it before. You can do it now." Colt says.
"Fine, but you are not going to like it.'
"...Cass...no. Don't. I am not slapping you."
"Slap me.
He sighs. "No."
"Slap me."
"Stop. No! Stop."
I almost want to laugh but I don't and even more when I hear Warrick mutter to one of his generals. "She's a bit of a weirdo sometimes."
I almost lose my composure holding my laugh in.
"Slap me!"
Colt continues to refuse.
I concentrate and focus on his eyes.
I spend over twenty times saying it but he does nothing.
"I don't get it! I did it before."
"Ezra cut right through your sister's neck and she was probably still alive, can you imagine how much she would have screamed?"
Warrick insensitively says all of this.
My head slowly turns to Warrick.
...are...you...SERIOUS RIGHT NOW!" I scream.
"If you had control of your gift and you were there, maybe you could have stopped him."
"Why the f**k would you say that!?" I shout.
"To get this." His hand motions to me. "Now get back to it!" He snaps at me.
I turn to Colt with so much anger and look into his eyes.
My fists are clenched and nails dig into my skin.
"SLAP ME!" I scream at Colt.
His hand immediately makes contact with my cheek.
"UH!" Colt shouts with anger.
"I'm done. I don't want to do this anymore!"
I rub my cheeks and laugh.
The anger I had just a moment ago subsided.
"It's not funny, Cass. I don't want to hurt you. Ask me to do something else!"
"Okay, Punch my father."
"Don't you funking dare, Warrick says and I bust out laughing.
"You deserve it you prick!
And how fun would it be to see that..." I mutter.
"You are playing too much. I thought you were going to take this seriously."
I roll my eyes. "Fine, fine." I look around. "...punch that desk," I tell Colt.
He stares at the desk but does nothing. Obviously, it didn't work.
Why can't I be consistent with this?
I take in a deep breath and concentrate again.
"Punch that desk," I say and he immediately does, leaving a crack in it.
Warrick shakes his head unapprovingly. "You are all over the place. One moment it works, the next one, it doesn't."
I sigh.
"But we do know that when your emotions run high, they work pretty well."
I get that he was trying to get me there with what he said but it was kind of cruel.
"Continue." He says and I nod.
I command Colt again and again. Only when I am getting upset does it suddenly work. But I know that I need to learn to use it not just when I am angry. Suddenly, my training is interrupted. There is a commotion outside.
###Chapter 45
A guard suddenly runs through the door almost taking it out of its hinges.
"Alpha! Our rogues were attacked!"
"Rogues?" I ask.
"The rogues that work for me. They watch the borders for our pack in exchange for food and money." Warrick starts to walk out. "Let's see what they've found."
We all rush out to the front of the house and see all the warriors running to the forest, meeting up with who I can only assume are the rogues.
"Alpha Warrick!" The rogue leader that I now remember seeing at the festival-Crow-rushes towards us with two other rogues behind him. They get close to us carrying bodies and then drop them in front of us. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Warrick looks back at Colt.
"Are these men from your pack?"
Colt looks at them and he and I both nod. I also recognize them.
"There are more of them." A warrior shouts running out of the forest.
"We caught a few others at the border!" Another one says.
"Finally! This is what we were waiting for, right? Ezra made a move!" I say.
Colt and I run after the men and wait at the edge of the forest with Warrick, Victor, Garret, and the others.
Everyone waits quietly in anticipation to see what comes out of all of this.
We finally see them coming back and suddenly I spot very welcoming and familiar face.
"DASH!" I shout.
Without a second thought, I rush in and hug him.
"Curls!"
"Well, well, well. Look who's back." Warrick says. The way he says it makes me feel uneasy.
"Don't you dare do anything to him. He is my friend." I quickly say.
"He could be working with the enemy for all we know, Garret says.
"No. I am not. That's why I am here. I...we, have things to tell you. We ran and we were being hunted."
"We?" I ask and look back to where more men come holding James and also Colt's younger brother and sister, Miles and Bryn.
Seeing James, my heart swells with happiness and sadness at the same time.
"James!"
His face is pale and his eyes hold anguish. He looks up at me but there is no smile
there, only sadness.
I run and hug him.
"Colt!" Bryn and Miles rush
to their brother.
"Miles! Bryn!"
Bryn immediately hugs him.
"Colt! Ezra has gone crazy! He killed Dad!" Miles quickly says.
"I know...I know..."
Colt pulls Miles in making it a group hug between the three of them.
"James?" I look up at him. He finally stares at me.
"He...he killed her, Cass...he killed her. Lauren is...dead."
His eyes water and his body starts to shake. I hug him tightly trying to console him as he starts to cry. As I do this, I watch Warrick walk closer to Dash. "You ran..." He tells him.
Dash slowly nods. "I...I ran."
"That was on me. I led him and the others." Colt says.
"They were following me and my actions."
"Silence." Warrick calmly says to Colt who quickly closes his mouth.
"Tell me the complete truth, why are you here?" Warrick asks Dash.
I am sure he just used his power on him.
Dash immediately answers. "Ezra was going to kill us two." He motions to James and himself. "We were hunted by his men until we reached the borders of your pack. They didn't stand a chance here. As for them..."
He points to the twins. "She was scared and didn't want to be left behind and HE has important information." He points to Miles.
Warrick turns to Miles and gets close to him. "What information?"
"Assassins. He is sending assassins." Miles quickly says.
Warrick seems unamused.
"Oh. We can handle an assassin."
"Not just one but multiples."
Warrick nods uninterested and turns around walking back to the house.
"Bring them." He says to his men but Colt and I walk with them making sure that they are not treated like prisoners. I hold James's hand trying to keep comforting him. This is not something that would fly well with a mate but Colt understands and I am glad that he doesn't see it in any other way than just family love. He understands that to me James is my brother.
"How is mom?" Colt asks
Miles as Bryn stays latched to him in a hug while they walk. I understand why too.
Colt gives that sense of safety.
Miles shakes his head. "Not good. The last time I saw her, she was at the hospital and the doctors said that there was nothing they could do. She either would come out of that dying state herself or not." "Damn it. And the others?"
Colt asks.
"Ezra killed Dad and declared himself Alpha when Dad would not give in to his demands of attacking this pack. Kaecy immediately rose up and challenged Ezra but Ezra won and as punishment, he took Kaecy's eye out. "Ezra won?"
"Yeah, he was in a wild state, it is like it wasn't even him in control."
"And Kaecy didn't come with you?" I ask.
"No." Miles shakes his head.
"He said that he would slow us down but he was the one who planned our escape. He is the one who told me to tell you about the assassins."
"Damn. I hope he is safe."
Colt mutters.
We follow Warrick, not to his office but to the war room.
"How are our borders
looking?" Warrick asks Victor.
"All enemies in the vicinity have been taken out with the exception of two who we kept alive. There are no more threats."
Warrick nods and walks over to Dash. "What do I do with you?"
Dash lowers his head waiting for judgement.
I want to come to his defense but I feel like undermining him right now might not be the best thing. So, I wait to see if he makes a good decision on his own first.
Warrick, in a pensive state, nods. "Since we are at war...I will pardon you but...betray me again and it will be your head on a pike."
I shake my head and whisper to Dash. "Don't worry, I wouldn't let him do that."
Warrick's head yanks in my direction and he narrows his eyes at me while Dash is stunned in place looking at me like I have three heads because of the way I just undermined Warrick. "He's my friend." I tell Warrick.
"I don't care." He replies.
"Well, I do." I mutter.
He ignores me now and turns to the others. "The rest of you are to stay in your rooms guarded unless I say otherwise. You are not guests here.
Stay here. I'll have someone come get you when your rooms are ready. Tomorrow we can discuss this in more detail."
He starts to walk out and takes Victor with him. "Let's go see these two new prisoners and what they have to reveal."
When they are out of the room and the doors are closed, Dash speaks.
"What the hell happened with him? I thought I was dead for sure or at least we should be in the dungeon right now. He would never let me slide like that." "Cass happened," Colt says. "He seems to want to keep her around and...happy, so he's been acting very different."
"Cass? Who the hell is she to have such an influence on him?" Bryn asks with attitude.
"Cass is Alpha Warrick's daughter."
She looks at me with surprise but her face still carries that dislike expression. And for a moment there I am tempted to command her to slap herself.
I almost laugh, thinking about it.
"So it was true then?" Dash asks and Colt nods.
"She is also my mate," Colt says.
Now they are all surprised.
I love that he refers to me as his mate even though it is not completely official. This man really has my heart.
"What?! Why?!" Bryn asks with a look of disgust.
"What do you mean why?
Because we love each other."
Colt snaps at her.
"You really love her?" She has a condescending tone.
"Are you really going to start right now?" I look at her ready to start something too.
"I am not starting anything. I just don't understand what he sees in you."
"He sees me. That's the thing. He sees who I really am. Not just what's on the outside."
"Well, that's a good thing in your case since you have nothing else going on for you." "You know what?! SHUT
THE F**K UP!" I shout.
She opens her mouth pointing her finger at me but not a single sound comes out. Her eyes widen.
I now realize what I did and although I am surprised, I am not upset about it one bit.
"Oh, look at that. I don't have to hear you anymore." I give a big genuine smile.
She tries to speak again but nothing comes out.
This power is starting to feel good.
"Holly shit. You can really do that then?" Dash asks, surprised.
"Do what?" Miles asks.
"She has the same powers that Alpha Warrick has. She can fully command people."
Colt answers.
"Alpha command?" Miles asks.
Colt briskly shakes his head.
"No. Alpha Ruling."
"What?" They all ask confused.
Colt explains. "It is almost like Alpha command but her power is...stronger. Instead of a suggestion like Alpha command, she can actually make you stop breathing if she wants to. She can control your mind and body." Hearing him say this, I realize that I really need to learn to control this power and my emotions too. If I say something stupid in a fit of rage, I can kill someone.
"Or make your heart stop on command," Dash mutters and I know he is thinking back on that day in the cell with Niles.
"What? That's...impossible."
Miles says.
Dahs shakes his head looking sure of himself. "Nope. I've seen it."
A few guards walk in interrupting. "The rooms are ready. Follow us!
I tap James's arm. "Rest tonight. I'll come see you tomorrow. Make sure you get a good meal too." He nods but he is not listening to me. He just stares aimlessly, like a lost child.
Colt grabs me by the hand and pulls me out.
I hear clapping behind me. When we stop and look, it is Bryn. She has a scowl on her face and points to her mouth.
"Oh no. I'm leaving you like this for a while. This is a lesson for you to learn. If you have nothing nice to say, then don't say anything at all."
I turn and walk out with Colt who seems to approve.
We head to our room and have dinner there. We are tired and have no desire to mingle anymore.
After eating, Colt and I lie in bed holding each other. He is a comfort to me. When I am in his arms, it is like I am home. I feel safe and loved.
Not something I was used to a while ago but I am now and I don't want to lose him ever.
"What are you thinking?" He asks.
"Nothing. Just how comfortable I am here with
you... and your sister is a bitch."
"What?"
I laugh. "Sorry. I had to get it out of my chest."
He chuckles. "You are not wrong though."
"I know."
"But you handled her well."
"Mh...I am liking this power."
"Yeah? Hopefully not too much." He says.
"Why do you say that?"
"Well...I just don't want you to go power-hungry, that's all."
"I am not my father."
"But you are his daughter and...in many ways...you are very much like him.
"How can you say that?!"
"No, it's not a bad thing. You have a tremendous temper but you have so much good in you and in your hands, your power can be amazing. Just don't let it go to your head. That's all I mean."
"I know that, Colt. Not something you have to tell me." I feel irritated now but I let it go. I lie down and rest but I am unable to sleep.
###Chapter 46
Colt's
POV.
I watch her sleep. It is bliss to me to see her resting. But it is hard for me to sleep.
I carefully get up and head to the small kitchen she has in her room.
I would love to have a drink right now but she has nothing strong enough here.
Just juices and water.
Before I can grab anything, a soft knock comes from the door.
I open the door and see Julia.
She stares at me with surprise.
"So you ARE staying here."
She says.
"Yes. I am. What do you want?" I walk out closing the door behind me.
"I...I wanted to know how you were. It's been a few days since I've seen you. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I heard everything from my father but......" She pauses and seems to have difficulty continuing. "What is it, Julia?"
"Do you love her?!"
"Yes." I quickly say, knowing she is talking about Cass.
"But I love you! We were friends and shared a bond."
Her eyes water.
"We are friends but that is all."
"No. I won't...I can't accept that."
I think I have to make this very clear to her.
"Julia, I don't just love Cass, I adore her. She will be my mate-" To this, she gasps and her eyes land on my neck.
"No!" She says and sprints away, crying.
I'm sorry, Julia. I really am but I never gave her any indication that I had feelings for her and I surely never led her on. I was always direct and turned down any advances.
With a sigh, I go back to the room and lie next to Cass, wrapping my arms around her.
Cass's POV-
"I told you I wouldn't let you
be happy." Ezra's voice echoes in my head.
My heavy eyes slowly open to see his infuriating features.
I really hate that this man looks like the man I love, Colt. But they are brothers so it can't really be helped.
Focusing my eyes, I sit up. It is a white room, almost glowing because of how bright it is. There are no windows or doors that I can see. I lie on a velvety blue chaise lounge chair. Clearly, I am not home.
Ezra, to my displeasure, sits on a leather brown armchair with studs on the edges of the seams. He has a leg hoisted on his knee and sits back looking relaxed with a huge smile on his face.
Our chairs-besides us-are the only thing that stands out in contrast to the bright white room.
"What is this?"
"Do you like it?" He waves a hand to the room. "No distractions, just us two getting right to the point."
I sigh. "A dream." I mutter.
"Great! Now I get to dream about you...this must be a nightmare then."
"Well if that's how you see it..." He still has a stupid horrible smile on his face that really pisses me off.
"This feels almost real."
He shrugs. "Maybe it is."
I slowly shake my head. "No. It's a dream. Great, now you haunt me even in my dreams."
He grins from ear to ear. "I will haunt you until you breathe your last breath."
"No. Until you breathe yours." I correct him.
His smile falls. He looks to the side as if he hears an inaudible noise.
"Time to go.
He winks at me with his stupid smile, relaxing deeper into the chair.
"By the way, I cut right through your sister's neck and she was still alive, can you imagine how much she screamed?"
Before I can connect my fist to his face, I wake up in my room next to Colt. I sigh and think of my father.
It is his fault that I had that dream. His exact words when he taunted me were what Ezra repeated just now.
I am tired as if I hadn't slept at all. I want nothing more than to stay under the covers but to my dismay, the light seeping through the window is bright. Then suddenly I remember that James is here.
I immediately sit up. Colt is still fast asleep and I leave him that way as I make my way out of the room still in pajamas.
I stand in front of the room that was given to James now rethinking this. There is a guard next to the door, watching me.
"Is he...awake?" I ask him.
"I do not know, Alpha." I am suddenly taken aback when he calls me Alpha. It is strange to hear and I am not sure I'll be getting used to that any time soon.
I stare at the door again.
Is this too early? He might still be asleep.
As I think this, I hear movement inside. Just a bit of shuffling. I put an ear to the door. And again I hear soft noises.
Taking a deep breath, I decide to softly knock.
Again there is movement but I hear no attempt to open the door. I wrap my fingers around the metal door nob and turn it. Taking a peak, I see that the room is still a bit dark because the early sun does not hit this part of the house at this hour but I can make out the silhouette of a man sitting on a chair. James stares out the opened window and the noise I hear before is the flailing of the curtains caressing everything they could touch as the wind blows on them. "James..." I say softly.
His eyes are cast down as he stares down into the forest.
He doesn't turn to me. I walk up to him and kneel in front of him.
"James..." I say softly but he does not respond.
"James..." I say again and yet again, nothing.
His eyes are filled with sorrow. It breaks my heart to realize that he is probably not going to survive this heartbreak. He looks like he is in shock but once that shock breaks, he will come undone. He...has been scarred deeply. Not all scars are visible. Some run so deep that they bear no marking save for that of the broken soul. And James's soul has definitely been broken.
"My dear brother...I am so sorry..." My voice breaks and my eyes water. It is so hard to see him like this.
I get up and softly hug him before I leave.
Walking back to my room, I feel so deflated and sad.
Then I notice the quiet and empty hallway and I realize that I have never been alone here. There has always been someone with me; Serge, Colt, or Victor. I was never allowed to go on my own. I don't like that I have been conditioned to feel unsafe when I am alone and that is how I feel right now, unsafe.
I turn the corner to get to my room and I immediately stop when I see a blazing Bryn standing in front of my bedroom door. She sees me and immediately runs up to me with her hands flailing around pointing to her mouth. She moves her l*ps as if she is talking but no sound comes out.
I bite my l*p holding in my laugh as I examine her face, and the dark circles under her eyes.
To my surprise, she suddenly puts her hands together in a prayer and I can tell that her l*ps are trying to say the word, please.
I lift an eyebrow feeling a bit triumphant.
"Okay, okay...I'll undo it just this once..." As I say this, I realize that I am not sure I can. "Uhm...or...I'll try anyway."
Her eyes widen and I nervously laugh.
"Okay...hum...stare into my eyes."
Looking stressed, she does as I say.
I concentrate, staring into her green eyes that remind me of Colt's own eyes. I inhale deep and when I exhale, I speak my words. "You may speak again."
I give her a smile. "Try it."
Bryn blinks a few times and then opens her mouth.
Nothing.
"Oops..." I mutter. "Well, you're screwed. I don't have full control of my powers yet so until then..." I give her another nervous laugh.
Her eyes widen with rage and as I try to rush inside my room, she jumps on my back.
"Stop!" I shout.
She pulls my hair as I try to get her off of me. I twirl around hitting everything that gets in my way since can barely see anyways at this point. "What the hell!" I hear Colt say.
I hurl myself to the bed thinking that if I roll, I'll get her off but the bitch stays latched on to me and doesn't let me roll.
Bryn is taken off of me byColt who holds her from the back of her shirt as if she was a puppy.
"She attacked me," I say getting up.
Colt puts her on the floor where she pints to her mouth and stomps the ground with one foot over and over.
"Look! I am sorry! I can't undo it right now!" I say. "I did it by accident and I can't control this power yet."
Colt sighs. "Sorry, Bryn, but it's true. She can't control it completely yet."
Her face scrunches in anger and to be honest, she looks cute when not a single word is coming out of her to ruin the doll image she has going on for her. Her hands raise in fists and she starts shaking them in anger, almost as if she was angrily cursing at me. Giving a huff, she turns around giving me one last angry look, and stomps out of the room.
I look at Colt. "I tried, I really did."
"Cass, you really need to learn to control your power. It's going to get you in trouble especially when you can't control your emotions."
"I can control my emotions!"
One of his eyebrows lifts up.
"Well...maybe not the emotion called...anger."
"Exactly."
I suspire. "Okay yeah. I get it. But you know I am trying."
"I know. I know you are." He sits next to me.
"I don't understand why can't I learn control. I can tell that Warrick is also frustrated by this so that probably means that he didn't have this much trouble learning to control this power. So why do I?"
"I don't know, Cass. I wish I could help."
I take in a deep breath as he takes me in his arms. I easily sit on his lap and hug him.
He nuzzles my shoulder and neck, taking my scent in.
"I really want to mark you so badly." He whispers.
"Do it!"
"No. I can't. Warrick has been in a good mood lately which is unheard of. He is not acting like himself, to be honest, and that is because of you but I don't want to get on his bad side, and trust me...it is bad. I'll wait. I'm a patient man. Besides, it's not like I can anyway. He commanded me not to so it would be impossible."
"Uh...fine. We should get ready anyway. Warrick wanted to see us all early."
By the time we arrive at the war room, Dash, Miles, and an angry-looking Bryn are already there along with both my brothers and some of the generals, including Serge who is now in full health.
"Curls! My favorite person in the world!"
"Laying it thick, Dash," Colt says.
"Don't get jealous. Curls and I have our own little none-romantic thing going
on here so don't worry. She's all yours."
Colt rolls his eyes and shakes his head while I smile.
Warrick arrives striding through the doors.
"Good! Everyone is here already!" He says and looks at Colt. "I'm impressed by the members that your pack holds. Ezra's l*ps might have been easily loose but not his men's."
"So they said nothing?" I ask.
"When I got to them, they barely had anything to say because they don't really know much but before that while interrogated by my men, only screams came out of them." He has a bit of amusement in his smile.
"That's because they are scared," Miles responds.
"Our brother went crazy. Of course, they are scared." Colt mutters.
Miles nods. "He attacked father in the parlor when father was scolding him for what he had done. We were all there; Mom, Kaecy, Bryn...me. He... he took one of the silver swords that hung over the fireplace and...he didn't hesitate. Mom screamed, kneeling next to Dad's b*dy. Kaecy attacked Ezra but Ezra was fueled by rage. He lunged the sword through Kaecy's shoulder and with his own fingers....he plucked Kaecy's eye out."
Bryn puts her hand on her face and shakes her head from side to side unable to express her pain at the memory.
I intuitively hold Colt's arm.
I can feel his pain as Miles recites the events. I wish I could take all his pain away. I know he tends to act strong for me and he definitely is strong, but deep inside I can feel it, I can feel his pain.
Miles continues. "He then took the sword from Kaecy's body and as we were all in shock, he walked out. I can only assume that that is when he..." Miles looks at me.
"When he killed your sister."
A twinge of pain goes through my heart.
Dash now speaks. "When I heard what had happened, hid. I knew I was not on his good list."
"After a few days of...living in fear that he might snap and kill us too, we finally left,"
Miles says.
"And that is all you have to tell me? That after all that, you ran?" Warrick asks.
Miles shakes his head.
"There is also a witch.
"A what?"
"Ezra has brought in a human witch." He says.
"A... witch?"n
###Chapter 47
What do you mean, a witch?" I ask.
If the situation wasn't so serious, I would be thinking that this is a joke.
"A witch. Well I mean...that's what Ezra called her." Miles explains. "She smelled of human but also of something else. She smelled really sweet. Overbarlingly even. It reminded me of that flower. The one mom had in a pot when we were kids in the corner of her room." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. He says to Colt. "The bearded Iris," Colt replies, and Miles nods. "Hm...Mom used to say that it was related to witches. I always thought it was just superstition."
Warrick nods. "Witches.
They are rare but real as you and me. They are humans who are born with a natural ability to do a bit of mastic.
Our kind and witches don't get along well." He strides through the room looking pensive and continue
"They used to hunt us for what our bodies could offer to make their spells and potions stronger. They are not friends to any supernatural living creature. They see us all as mere harvest. What a fool your brother is. The witch would not have helped if he hadn't offered something in return."
"Wait...are you all serious about this? Witches?" It is hard to believe this but then again, I have to admit that it is very possible I mean after all, we werewolves are very real.
"Yes," Warrick says. "Just because you haven't met or seen a creature, doesn't mean it doesn't exist. Stories and folklore have to come from somewhere and usually come from truth."
He makes science to me.
"Alright, I'll believe it. So what does this mean then?
What does it mean for us that Ezra has a witch with him?"
"Bigger problems than just assassins," Garret mutters. "Anything else you can inform us of?" Warrick asks Miles.
Miles shakes his head. "No.
That is all I overheard."
Warrick nods. "That is enough. You may go have breakfast but there will be guards with you all at all times, council will reconvene in the afternoon."
We all turn and start leaving but Warrick stops me and Colt.
"You two, I need to have a word with you. Serge and Victor, you two as well."
Colt, Serge, Victor, and I stay back with Warrick.
"We are at war now. Victor, you will be in every meeting that Cass is. You will be her shadow and do what she does. If something happens to me, Cass is the next in line but if something should happen to her too, then then you will be next in line to lead the pack. We need to be prepared for anything"
We all nod agreeing and understanding this.
"Now, you two." Warrick gives his attention to me and Colt. "I need you two to cool it with the displays of affection."
"What? Why?" I protest.
"Alpha Oliver is coming tomorrow to speak of a potential official alliance. He seems to be taken with you. So we will show him that you are available for the grabs."
I open my mouth to immediately protest again but he beats me to it.
"No, it doesn't mean that you are going to actually agree to anything and if we did, treaties get broken all the time. You would just have to agree until we finish using him." What a slimy conniving man.
"So you expect me to flaunt myself around another man?" I ask.
I sense how much Colt disapproves of this by the anger I start feeling. It is not my anger but his that I feel.
"I expect you to act available around Alpha Oliver. That means keeping your affection towards each other a secret away from prying eyes. Listen, this is a great opportunity for us. We are one of the strongest packs but even so, it doesn't hurt to have help or even allies."
I shake my head. "We are officially- well...almost officially mates. We can't do that?"
"You can and you will." He warns.
My jaw clenches as anger rises inside of me. If he thinks he can tell me what to do when it comes to the person I love, he is gravely mistaken.
Warrick seems to read my mind because he gives me an ultimatum. "If you two can't keep your hands away from each other in public, then I will take Colt away."
"I'll find him. I always do and I can sense him now." I say defiantly.
"Fine...then I will have to command him to stay away from you. I have never tried it but maybe...I can even break a mate bond with my power if I were to command it. What do you think? Want to be my test subject?" My eyes grow wide.
"You...you can't do that."
"You sure about that? Think about it. How does our power work?"
He is right. It just might be possible.
Gridding my teeth, I give him a nod. "Fine."
I look at Colt who looks even angrier than I do.
"Something to say, my boy?" Warrick asks him.
Between clenched teeth, he spits. "No..."
"Good. Alpha Oliver will be here tomorrow. I expect your presence when greeting him." He says to me.
I sigh, feeling a bit defeated, and nod.
"And that is why Serge is here. Starting tomorrow, he will be your guard again, not Colt."
"Why do I still need anyone to guard me? You should know by now that I am not running."
"He is really here for your protection, daughter. You still can't use your powers at command and you are still learning how to fight. Serge is staying with you, end of discussion."
"Uh...fine..." I look at Serge. "Nothing against you. I like you."
He gives me a sudden smile and a nod which surprises me. Colt grabs my hand and without saying a word, rushes out taking me with him.
"I hate this!"
"I know. I hate it too...so maybe..." I look both ways to make sure no one is around to hear me. "Maybe you should mark me now and f**k everything."
He groans. "Don't tempt me." Now he sighs. "I can't. We can't risk getting on Warrick's bad side, Cass. I am sure that he could do exactly what he said. And also, I am not sure I'd be able to. He commanded me not to, remember?"
I am the one who groans now with frustration. "I am telling you right now. If he ever tried to force me to be with this other Alpha, we are definitely leaving. We'll run away to Alaska and live in solitude for the rest of our lives inside an iglue." Colt starts laughing having his foul mood lifted.
"Hmm... You know what this means, right?" I ask.
"What?" He asks with confusion.
"That today...we get to stay in our rooms all day making up for the days to come." I wiggle my eyebrows and a mischievous smile forms on his lips. "Let's get fueled up first to the max. We are going to need all that energy.
We immediately head to the dining room to get breakfast.
"I don't have to explain shit to you, Mister Clean." We hear Dash say.
"Da f**k? It's a haircut! I'm not bald!" Beck touches his head looking at Dash with anger.
"Mister clean, mister clean.'
Dash hums in a whisiper.
I have to bite my bottom lip hard. It is all I can do to not laugh.
"Watch how you speak to me!"
"Curls! There you are!" Dash looks at Beck. "Do you see her? This is my good friend. She loves me very much so don't think you can do whatever you like with me. I answer to her."
With an eyebrow lifted, I look at Dash but then nod, agreeing.
Beck looks at me with whispery mutters under his breath.
"Stop causing trouble. You are really pushing it." Colt tells Dash.
"Fine fine...it's just a bit exciting seeing how different things are right now."
"Father can still decide to put you away, so behave," I say.
"Father?"
"What?"
"Nothing. It's just weird to hear you say that." He says.
"Hm... I guess."
We eat as we talk and boy Dash can talk our ears off.
Especially when he complains about Bryn and tells us how horrible she was on their journey here.
"Cass, come," Victor says sprinting into the dining room.
"What? But I was going to-'
"We need to train. Father is insisting."
"But-"
"I can't take no for an answer.
Now come." He says with finality in his tone.
I look at Colt and pout but he smiles. "It's okay. We'll have time later."
With a huge puffy sigh, I reluctantly follow Victor.
That morning, we train and he goes extra hard on me.
My muscles are sore. I take a bath after, and it is all the private time Colt and I have before we are called to the war room for our afternoon meeting which I had every intention to skip and stay with Colt but Father came to get me himself. Dash and Miles join us for this meeting as well. Bree is somewhere running around and James has been in his room all day. I was informed that he at least ate.
After the damn meeting that basically was the same as the previous one, I am instructed by my father to stay and train my power. We even have lunch here in his office. Warrick is not happy with my progress because there has been no progress at all. If my emotions are not running high, my powers don't seem to work. So he contemplates again on bringing someone to t*****e but I put my foot down and tell him no. Colt has stayed with me the whole day too. It is all we can do to spend our time together.
After my training that went all the way to the night, I was so tired that we went back to our room and collapsed in bed."
***
"You are still tied to me."
"What?" My eyes open as I hear Ezra's voice.
I am back in the white room.
Ezra sits in front of me in the same brown chair as before. I lift myself up and sit straight.
He gives me a smile that could make anyone-but me-fall for him. Despite how horrible a person he is, he is a very attractive man just like Colt.
"You are still tethered to me."
He repeats.
"You wish," I reply and roll my eyes. "Why am I even talking to you? You are a figment of my imagination." I get up and look at the white ceiling. "Why are you doing this to me?"
"Who are you talking to?" Ezra looks confused yet amused.
"My mind. It likes to torture me apparently with you."
He smiles and nods.
"Mh...then I like your mind."
"You...are such a cruel man."
He gets up, standing in front of me. His hand reaches my cheek and he caresses but there is no sympathy in his eyes. "If only you would have taken me as your mate, this could have all been avoided. No one would have died."
"Shut up!" I snap at him but he suddenly tilts his head to look back and then looks at me again. "Time to go. We'll have more time next time. Much...more...time."
My eyes abruptly open and I swear, I can still feel his touch as if it was real. My hands go to my cheek where I caress trying to get the thought of his slimy hands out of my head even though it wasn't real. "Are you okay?" Colt asks. He looks at me with his sleepy eyes.
I nod. "Yeah. Just a nightmare."
A knock on my door interrupts us and gets me and Colt up.
"Yeah?" I ask as I walk to the door.
"I am here to start my day." It is Serge. I open the door and give him a smile. He gives a small bow. "Alpha Oliver willbe here shortly, your father wished for you to greet him."
"Uh!"
"Uh!"
Both Colt and I say at the same time.
"Alright," I say closing the door.
"I hate that man already," Colt mutters as I walk to my wardrobe. He walks up to me and suddenly k*sses me with fury and passion.
"You are mine. I will not let this oaf take you from me. I fought too hard to get you."
I giggle. I am the kind of woman that loves it when a man is possessive. Not controlling but possessive. It makes me feel so wanted. "You are mine, Angel." He whispers in my ear before he lets me go and strides to the bathroom.
"Let's take a shower together.
I'm going to take you hard so you don't forget that."
Biting my lips and feeling the excitement rush inside my stomach, I take my shirt off and almost run after him.
###Chapter 48
Colt slams into me, my face pressed against the tile of the shower wall. I moan in pleasure and try to find a grip on something yet there is nothing but the slithery tiles. He holds my hips and thrusts, slamming my bottom on him.
"Mh!" I moan.
He takes in a breath through his teeth. "You like that, baby?"
"Mh...yes...".
He speeds up and then lifts one of my legs up with his strong arm.
This man can do whatever he wants with me and he knows it.
Suddenly, he turns me around, lifts me up, and carries me, my legs wrapped around his waist. He starts bouncing me on him, up and down, putting me into a sense of euphoria. I cling to his shoulders and bury my neck in his neck as I moan, my noises muffled
against his skin. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Harder..." He hears my plea and suddenly holds my a*s with both hands and as he slams into me, he squeezes his hands gripping my ch*eks and moving my body to meet his.
"Colt! Ah...I'm...I'm about to..."
"Good. Do it, baby!"
My fingers dig deep, gripping his shoulders. My face presses hard against the skin of his neck. "Mh!" I give a loud moan feeling my body wiggle with pleasure. "Mh...good girl. Now...it's my turn."
He presses my back against the cold wall and relentlessly thrust hard and fast into me.
"Uh! baby! you feel so good!
F**k!"
I am sure I am going to be sore again after this but it feels so good.
"F**k...mh...uh-!" He moans.
I feel his body shake as he holds me in place and he gives little tiny sporadic moans.
He lowers his head to my shoulder and kisses it. "Uh...I love you so much."
Makes me smile. "I love you too."
"You are mine...Cass." He starts kissing up my shoulder and ends up on the nape of my neck. I move aside hoping that he is about to mark me but he doesn't.
He sighs. "I'll make you mine soon. That f**ker Alpha won't have you."
I giggle. "It's not funny. Pray that don't rip him apart if I see him all over you." I sigh. "Please, if you don't think you will be able to control yourself, then might as well mark me."
He gives me a kiss and puts me down. "I can't. Honestly, I almost tried there but I can't.
The command still stands and your father means business. Trust me. I have seen what happens to those who disobey him."
I give a huge sigh. "Fine."
We shower and after getting ready, we head out.
Serge looks worried as he sees us come out.
"Cutting it close." He mutters.
"There you are." The moment we start walking through the hall, Poppy finds us.
"Your father is asking for you. The alpha is almost here and you are taking your sweet time. Come." She pauses and her eyes slide to my clothes. She sighs. "We are late already so it will have to do." She takes my arm, wrapping it around hers, and starts leading me down but as she does, she looks back at Colt. "You can stay and perform your normal duties as a general. The Alpha said he doesn't want you anywhere near Cassiopeia right now."
Colt gives a low growl of annoyance. I look back to see him standing with his hands in his pocket as he watches me go. I throw him a kiss before we turn the corner and he is out of my sight.
I walk down the stairs and as I go through the front doors, I see multiple black cars arriving and lining up in the front of the house.
Warrick stands in the front, waiting. I drag my feet towards him and stand next to him with Poppy.
"Just as you wanted, here I am."
"Yeah...now put a smile on your face." He says.
I give him a narrowed side look. He looks at me too but his eyes go to my clothes.
"Did you not have anything better to wear?"
I look down at my simple white button-up shirt and jeans. "I'm not trying to impress anyone."
"Oh yes, you are."
"Nope."
"Look, I am not good at playing well with others so this alliance thing is new to me too." He says. "I have to use everything that I can and that means including you. So put a smile on your face and try harder. We need this now that our enemies are on the move." Before I can respond, one of the black cars stops in front of us.
Beck opens the door and Alpha Oliver steps out.
"Alpha Warrick!" He says with a big smile.
"Alpha Oliver. Hope the ride wasn't too tedious."
"Not at all." Oliver's eyes fall on me.
My tough demeanor falters. I forgot how good looking he was and the subtle charm that he had just by his presence. But my heart belongs to Colt. I do my best to give him a smile. I have nothing against the man but as I said before, I have no desire to impress him either.
"Lady Cassiopeia. How nice it is to see you again." He takes my hand and gives it a kiss as he did the first time we met.
I swear for the life of me I think I can hear Colt growl from somewhere.
"It is nice to see you as well, Alpha Oliver," I say softly.
He stares at me with a big smile. I clear my throat but continue to smile as well.
"Come. I have breakfast waiting." Warrick says.
This takes Oliver's attention from me.
"Perfect."
The two men start walking with their entourage- a group of people that come out of all the black cars and merge into a small crowd. Though I try to slide away, Poppy steps next to me. She takes my hand and leads me after them. "You have to participate." I grunt.
When we arrive at the dining room, all the generals are already there, including Colt. The distaste expression he has on his face shows how much he dislikes this situation.
Warrick sits at the end of the tables as he always does. I sit next to him while Victor and Garret sit next to me. Oliver also sits next to Warrick on his other side. We face each other.
"So this situation with the Blood River Pack, how serious is it?" Oliver asks.
"They sent us the head of the Alpha in a box. That's how serious it is."
His eyes go wide with shock. "Why would they do that? If I am correct, you didn't have an alliance with him."
"I'll give you the story later but the gist of it is that that mutt right there..." Warrick points at Colt with his fork. "He is the son of Alpha Harry. He was next in line to be Alpha but his brother Ezra is the one that has taken over."
Colt gives no welcoming features, instead, he stares at Alpha Oliver with a bit of anger and says nothing.
To counter the awkwardness, Warrick speaks.
"Self-appointed Alpha Ezra has demanded Colt to be given to him or there will be war."
He left the part where Ezra also asked for me.
"Then why not give him?" Oliver asks.
Colt can't keep quiet. He gives a sarcastic growling laugh.
Warrick brings the attention back to himself. "Because, despite the trouble this all has caused me, he is too valuable. He is one of my best. Also, I do not give in to threats. Who the hell does
this f**ker think he is. Calling himself Alpha and demanding for me to concede. Never. I'll gouge his eyes out myself."
"No, you won't. I will." I stab my sunny-side-up egg with vigor as I say this, imagining that it is Ezra's eye.
He is going to pay for what he did to Lauren.
"Like father like daughter," Warrick says with a proud smile.
I give him a side glance and I am sure he knows I don't like what he is saying.
"Marvelous." Oliver sounds amused.
Ignoring their talk, I stick to my food occasionally glancing at Colt who obviously looks unhappy.
"And will Lady Cassiopeia join us in these war meetings?" Oliver asks.
"Well of course. She is my successor after all.'
"Good."
"And how is your pack fairing?" Warrick asks him.
"We are settling well. Rogues do keep us on our toes. Can't really blame them since we took over unclaimed territory that they used to roam. Oh! we encountered a pack deep in the northern mountains that was...peculiar." "A pack? I know of no pack in the mountains."
"That is because it is an unofficial pack. Apparently, a rogue Alpha established it. And it is peculiar because it is basically a rogue pack yet very restrictive on anyone that tries to just waltz in but it does let strangers in to bask in what the pack can offer." "Rogue pack?"
"Yes. They act like savages but it is a place where even human hunters gather and to my surprise as well, some other creatures. Zao is the leader. He deemed the place a free for anyone without a moral compass. They even have games...brutal games, pinning humans against werewolves, some hunters some just normal trained humans, or even werewolves against werewolves."
"What kind of place is this?" I mutter.
"The kind of place that hopefully you will never get to see, my Lady."
I hate that he seems to want to treat me as a damsel in distress.
"And how did you come upon them?" Warrick asks.
"I am the closest to the roads that lead to the mountains and I can only assume that they do not want me meddling in their trades so they contacted me."
"What kind of trades?"
"The illegal kind...even to humans. Only those without any morals may indulge in this small village of sin as-Zao-the self-proclaimed Alpha called it. Not really a city but it does look more like a trade post than a pack. It even has its own market where all kinds of people come from different places."
"And you've been there?"
"Briefly, but yes."
"Mh...Zao...I've never heard of him..."
Oliver shrugs as he brings a glass filled with wine to his lips.
Warrick is now suddenly deep in thought while everyone else talks. Oliver however, sets his eyes on me.
"So, how have you adjusted to your new life here since the party? That's when your father found you, right?"
I nod. "It has been...a challenge."
"A challenge indeed. She is willful. "Warrick says. "Warrick pauses and stares at the man who comes over with a pitcher filled with what I assume is wine.
Warrick's face turns into confusion.
"Who-" Before Warrik can finish, there is a glimmer of something shiny in the man's hand.
The man swings a knife at Warrick but Warrick immediately slides his chair back, getting out of the man's way.
From behind Oliver and the generals, two more men reveal concealed knives. I immediately get up and from behind me there are two more men. I quickly dodge the man who attacks me but he is fast. He slashes at me again and all can do is dodge. Victor, who is the nearest to me, comes to action but this man immediately dodges Victor and kicks him effortlessly, sending Victor flying. This man is skilled and fast.
The word assassin immediately comes to my mind. I am sure these men must be Ezra's assassins.
###Chapter 49
The assassin comes back to me-it is obvious to me that
I am his target. I don't have time to worry about anyone else but I do hear fighting and see what seem The assassin lunges at me and I notice the other assassin trying to get to me too but Victor and Serge I dodge but this time I also deflect the knife and then immediately throw a punch, hitting him in the t but quickly recovers. I scoot back trying to get away from his oncoming grip but hit a table with a vase and over in pain and then I knee him straight on his face. The man falls on the floor holding his nose and Taking a deep breath, I look around and see that Colt is fine and so is my father. We were the targets. "Are you okay!?" Colt asks me from the opposite side of the table. I can see how much he wants to jum He realizes how concerned he sounds then he repeats in a more subtle manner. "Are you okay, princes I give him a nod. "Yes."
I inspect him and see that he is not hurt which makes me feel relief. Then I look at my father. "Are you
"Of course I am. But I am angry. These men infiltrated us so easily..."
Two of the assassins are dead. The other three are subdued or unconscious.
"He's bold that Alpha Ezra." Alpha Oliver says pating-cleaning his clothes.
"I was not the target but I was caught in the middle of it, and that is unacceptable."
Warrick nods. "Let's go talk war."
mess happening around Warrick and over at Colt's area. iately intervene.
Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. He stumbles back without thinking, I grab the vase and smash it on the assassin's head. It staggers the man and I take that moment to kick the man in the stomach. He doubles when Victor appears and kicks the man on his face again but this time it knocks him out.
it and come to me but he doesn't.
The three assassins are taken to the dungeon and five minutes later, we are in the war room. The men discuss war and alliances while I am throwing ogling eyes at Colt and he does the same back. It is so hard to be in the same room and not be able to touch him or to be near him.
I can also feel Warrick watching us from time to time. Maybe we are being too obvious?
"You see...I like your terms but...I am sure you can sweeten the deal." Oliver says.
The man is a businessman at heart. Even I can tell that.
Suddenly, Warrick looks back at me before he speaks again. "Let's go talk in a more private area." He tells Oliver.
I narrow my eyes at Warrick and with just my stare I am telling him that he better not sell me to this man.
Warrick instructed us to stay here for the time being so everyone lingers around talking and waiting. Unable to resist it, I scoot over to Colt.
"This is so hard." I whisper.
He looks out the window, pretending not to have an interest in me. Some of
Oliver's men are still here.
"I f**king hate it. I hate how he looks at you. I hate when he talks to you. I hate how he calls you." I can see his jaw tensing up. "He likes you and I f**king hate it."
"But I want you. I want you and no one else." I tell him.
He finally glances at me. He still doesn't look happy but his eyes soften. "Are you okay? Did you get hurt at all?"
I give a small smile. "I am okay."
He nods but we both quickly scoot away when the door opens and Warric walks in with Oliver.
"Meeting is over. We'll pick it back up again later." Warrick announces.
Hmh...what is he up to?
We all start walking out while he watches us. As I walk past him, Warrick speaks to me. "You, stay.
I lift a brow. "Stay?"
"Yes."
When everyone is out and the doors are closed, he finally speaks.
I had a talk with Alpha Oliver.
"And?! What did you tell him?" I ask with warning.
"Drop the attitude first of all.
We came to an agreement on a few things and as I had anticipated, he asked about you. I told him you were available but I could make no promises. I told him that the choice would be yours. I nod feeling okay with this. "Alright. So now what?"
"I want you to escort Alpha Oliver. Show him around the pack. Be nice to him. That is all."
"And... that is it?"
He sighs. "Alpha Oliver is the Alpha of his own pack. I am not stupid. If you were to be his mate, this man would make you his Luna, not his equal and that is unacceptable. You are not meant to be just a Luna, Casseopea. You are meant to be the queen of a pack. You are meant to be a ruler, not a follower. All I want you to do is to just keep him interested. Don't give him any promises."
I slowly nod weighng what he just said. For all this man's flaws-and he has many-I am impressed that he can see a woman as his equal, he can see a woman as an Alpha.
"Okay."
"Good. Now go...and keep away from Colt. I mean it."
That's when I grunt. "Yeah, yeah."
I had every intention to go secretly see him but it is like he can read my mind.
With a huge sigh, I start to walk out but have to stop when he peaks again though it seems that he is speaking to himself and not really me.
"You were born fighting and your mother said once that you were meant to be great."
He stares out the window as he says this. "She was right."
Sometimes I wish that we had a relationship where I could just ask him about my mother.
Before I do what my father wants to show Alpha Oliver around-I head to see James.
He is in the same state I left him. I hate seeing him like this. A man who used to radiate joy now sits almost lifeless.
I kiss him on the head before I leave. "I will get revenge for her," I whisper. "And for you."
***
Colt's POV.
My fists hurt. My nails dig into my skin, unable to relax my hands.
Soon my teeth will be dust with the way I keep grinding them. It is pure torture to watch Cass prance around with that man. Four times I tried to walk away from the window but I couldn't. I am glued here watching her show that man around the pack. Cass is not for him. She is an untamable goddess. She is not for any man that wishes to tame her.
I almost can't believe what I see. He moves his hand to her back as he urges her to go in front and it lingers.
I dig my claws into the ledge of the window denting the wood with holes and scratch marks.
"You are about to pop," Dash says from behind me.
He puts a hand on my shoulder. "Damn.
Dude...chill. How tense are you? Your shoulder is like a rock."
"You are very close to getting your face mauled." It comes out without any emotion.
He puts his hands up and backs away. "Chiiiilll. Shit, man."
I point out of the window.
"That's MY woman. This f**ker thinks he can just touch her like that."
"Well...in his defense, he doesn't know she is your woman."
That does not make me feel any different.
"Look, you know you are the one she wants. Just back away from the window and trust her."
I close my eyes and try to think with my head instead of my emotions. He is right.
She wants me. She said it.
"Come. Have a drink with me."
I reluctantly follow him out as he leads me to the bar room. It is empty at this time of day so it is just the two of us.
"Let's forget about everything man." He goes behind the bar and starts serving us. He then sits next to me and we carefully clash our glasses together and get lost in conversation.
"So, you really are telling me that that man changed so much just because of Cass?"
"I don't know why and I don't know how but yes. I am not joking, Alpha Warrick has surprised us all."
"Wow. I would probably be dead right now if not for
Curls then."
"Yes, yes you would."
"Well, she's a good one, so don't worry so much. That girl is crazy about you."
A smile creeps onto my lips.
"So you and Curls really know each other since you were kids?"
"Yeah. I was about seven or eight when she arrived at the pack. I have known her ever since."
"And to think that a*****e brother of yours ended up her mate."
"Uh, let's not talk about that shit-"
"Can I speak with you?"
We are interrupted. Dash and I both turn and see Skye.
I'm surprised to see her because I completely forgot that she was still part of this pack.
She has casual clothes on which is a bit odd to see her in. Since she has been with Warrick, she always wore dresses and expensive-looking things.
She always had her hair and nails done as well accompanied by a pound of makeup on her face. She almost looks like a completely different person now.
"I don't think you are supposed to be here at the main house," I tell her.
"I am if I am cleaning." She looks between me and Dash and then wiggles the dirty rag on her hand.
With an exhale, I give Dash a nod. He chugs his drink, taps the glass on the bar, and walks out.
"Let me talk. Don't say anything." She immediately says and I allow it giving her a nod.
"First of all, I don't expect anything. I know what I did. And I know it was wrong. I am sorry for it. I am sorry for what I did and I am sorry for hurting you. Yes, I am paying for it now and I know I deserve it. I don't expect your forgiveness and that is okay. You have every right to be angry at me." She pauses and then continues. "I make no excuses, I did it for two reasons. The first one is that I am a selfish person. I wanted more.
I wanted...power and what that power brought me. The second reason was that I was afraid. I was afraid of the uncertainty, of the position that we were in at that moment. I didn't think rationally and I was selfish. I am sorry for the pain I caused you. That... is all I wanted to say."
I stay quiet pondering what she just said.
I can't say that I forgive her. But I do understand being afraid. She was tortured just as I was. She has the scars to prove that too. She made a choice based on fear but also selfishness.
I give her a nod telling her that I understand but by no means does that mean I forgive what she did. She nods back and then I watch her walk away.
I was not expecting that at all. It is also nice to know that she is remorseful now that she is in the position she is in.
I take a sip of my drink with a smile on my face.
Karma is definitely real.
I walk up to the window but can't see Cass anywhere anymore. I grunt and finish my drink before I walk out.
Stopping my way through the halls, not really knowing what to do with myself, I stumble on Julia who I have not seen in several days.
She looks like she just woke up, completely unkempt which is not like her. Her eyes are red and puffy.
"Ale-Colt..." She wraps her tiny arms around my neck and hides her face.
"Julia...what is wrong?" I ask her but I have a feeling that I know.
"You. I can't do it. All I want is you."
I pull her hands away, pushing her gently from me.
"Julia, how much more clear can I make it?"
The last thing I ever want to do is hurt her but I have to be direct. I can't give her any thought that there is any chance.
"I am in love with Cass and even if she wasn't around, I do not have feelings for you.
I never have and I am sure never gave you that idea."
"If it's not you then there is no one else for me."
"You have a mate somewhere, you know that.
You just haven't met him yet."
She vigorously shakes her head and latches on to me again.
"Enough, Julia!" With a stern voice, I grab her arms and pull her away.
"I won't! You are not mated to her just yet so there is still a chance!"
How delusional is she?
This is when I realize that she is unstable. This is not normal.
I decide that it's a good idea to have a talk with her father.
Maybe he can get some sense into her and if all fails...Warrick might be my answer but I'm not sure if he'd even care to help.
###Chapter 50
Oliver does not look surprised or disturbed by what we see in the reforming camp which to me is a m One thing does surprise meand it is that there are not asmany people here as before. I get that some I give Alpha Oliver a quickwalk through the reformingcamp and head towards theriver where we start incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete cha attractive.
"Yeah, the pack stretches formiles because of the forest.
Do you plan to expand?"
"Yes. We have much-unclaimed territoryaround us. Speaking ofunclaimed...this Alpha Ezra is your fate "My father told you that?"
That little-
"Yes. He puts a lot of emphasis on the fact thatyou are unmated and will most likely have a chosenma Not many can resist the matebond as you have."
"Well when your mate is a crazy maniac who enjoys torturing you, it would beeasy for anyone to be di "You'd be surprised. Manywithout the kind of will thatyou have just accept theabuse. I've seen it many I look away because my thoughts are immediatelyfilled with Colt. I do not wantto flirt with this man, n "And you? Have you not found your mate?" I quickly ask as we continue walkingnow back to the house "I did. She died a few years ago."
"Oh. I am sorry."
He glances at me and can see the question that I am not willing to ask out of respect.
"Car accident." He says. "As strong as we are, we can still die by rapid sudden means."
Silence suddenly stretches until he speaks again.
d flag.
ed-and good for them-but still, most of the poor souls hereare in the cells and are notbeing tortured as so many were before.
the good parts of the pack. The children playing. Wewalk on the shores of theriver for a while and Sergefollows me from a distance. Some paragraphs are for free."This is big territory compared to what we have at the moment." He says. His British accent is captivating Ihave to admit. It is hard not to find this man
?"
ch is admirable.
d by their mate."
But you must be exceptionally willful." Hiseyes intently stare into mine. "A...very attractive quality ina strong mate." pretending.
"So why is it that Alpha Warrick appointed you to be his successor and not hiseldest son? It is customary to appoint the first-born male next in line to be Alpha. Why you?" "It is because of my power."
"Ah, yes. He mentioned thatin your presentation party."
I nod.
We are finally standing in front of the house.
"Well, that was it. It's just anormal pack so not reallymuch to see."
He smiles. "My lady, I am a direct man and so I am shooting my shot. I thinkthat a union between uswould be beneficial to bothour packs. You are abeautiful woman and I haveto admit that I am taken by you. A strong woman."
His eyes gleam almost with excitement as he says this. Itreally unnerves me.
All I really want to say is "No,
I have already chosen a perfect mate"-or rather hechose me first- but I amsure that Warrick will bepissed if I let thisopportunity go. All I can do is keep him hanging.
"A...union between our packs IS a smart choice. I'll...give it some thought."
"Very well. I can only hope to hear from you soon."
I laugh nervously as I walk to the front door and thensprint inside where Warrickstands as if he was waiting for me all this time. "Myoffice." He says.
With a roll of my eyes, I follow him.
As we walk, I spot Colt leaning against a door frame that leads to the living room but he has his arms crossedstaring at me. His green eyes intently follow me as I walk past him. Warrick gives hima look and then looks back atme. "You two do a shit way of hiding it." I get close to him andwhisper. "What do youexpect? I am in love with that man."
Colt obviously hears it because he immediately smiles.
Warrick ignores me and we don't speak again until weget to his office.
"So?" he asks.
"So?" I repeat.
"You can't be that dense.
What happened?"
"Well, you were right. He likes me. Said that a union between our packs would be beneficial."
"Okay. And how did you handle it?"
"I...kept him hanging? Told him that I would think about it."
Warrick nods, deep in thought. "Very well done. I want you to keep playing all of this very diplomatically."
Easier said than done. This isa ll new to me and I am just starting to learn the game.
"Did he ask anything?"
"Like what?"
"Anything that would be considered prying."
"Other than wondering why am I the one succeeding you instead of Victor, no."
"Hmm. Alright. Keep him interested."
I sigh and nod. "Can I go now?"
"Stay away from Colt. Alpha Oliver is staying in the room that is right in front of yours.
So no nightly rendezvous with your lover."
"Why did you put him in front of my room?"
"I want him close to you to entice him."
"Ugh!"
"His men are staying here too and they can be anywhere so again, be careful."
I huff. "I'd say yes Father but I'd be lying. I need to see him eventually."
"If you get caught I swear...
I leave the office before he can finish but he is not wrong. As I walk the halls, there are many of Oliver's men walking and lounging bout.
I headed to the living room where last I saw Colt leanin in front of the door. He is there with Dash, Miles, Bryn, and Lotus apparently having a fun conversation because they all laugh-all except for Bryn. I stop and look at all of them with Serge behind me. "What's so funny?"
"I am just telling them a few stories of when Victor was a child," Lotus says. "That boy had a love for ponies. There was this cartoon show he loved of colorful ponies who would band together to save their world. It was mostly a show catered for...little girls but he didn't know this at the time." She laughs. "Do not mention this to him. He will have my head."
I smile as everyone laughs but my eyes roam to where Colt stands. He also stares atme. It is impossible for us to hide it when we are near each other.
My eyes stay glued to his beautiful green ones. The way his jaw tenses, his muscles stick out with his arms crossed. That simple tight white t-shirt he has on today does not help my urgeto run to him at all. I want tobe near him, to smell him, to take his delicious scent in. Iwant those strong arms wrapped around me, his huge chest taking me in a bear hug.
Unable to contain myself, give him a seductive look which he immediately reacts to by flexing his shoulders and his mouth slightly opening to take in deeper breaths.
Ignoring everyone, I give a barely visible nod and turn around, walking out of the room. When out of the room, I look back and see him already heading in my direction. He follows me as I walk through the hall. My head rakes with the thought of what to do, and where can we go. Not my room that's for sure.
Unable to contain my thoughts any longer, I open the first door I come acrossnext and dip inside.
"Stay," I say to Serge, leaving him outside.
To my surprise, it was a room I didn't know we had.
It seems to be a music roomand luckily it is empty.
I turn around to find that Colt is already inside closing the door behind him. He rushes to me and immediately kisses me desperately. I cling to his shirt. His delicious scent overwhelms me and I take it all in.
He picks me up and sits me on what I think at first is a desk but then we notice that
it is a piano because of the loud noise the keys make when my butt sits on them.
Still ferociously kissing me, he carries me to another area where this time he sits me on a desk. I can feel how hard he is when he grinds on me.
"I saw him with you." He puts a hand on the back of my neck possessively and continues to kiss me.
"Doesn't matter. I am yours."
"He touched you." He says and kisses me again.
I take a breath. "I. Am.
Yours."
"Mh...all mine." His whisper has a growl to it.
Suddenly, he clenches his fist on my hair and pulls it back making me expose my neck where he starts kissing.
"Mh..." I moan.
My hand starts to drift down his abs and my fingers slither inside his pants.
The contact of my fingers on his hard member makes him hiss. It excites me and I can feel my nipples hardening.
"Wait!" I hear Serge say outside of the room.
The door suddenly swings open and we both jump. He immediately moves away while the pack member who seems to have come here to clean stares at us. Her cheeks turn red and she immediately bows her head. "I am sorry, Alpha." Fixing our clothes, Colt and I immediately start sprinting out.
"It's okay, it's okay," I say clearing my throat and feeling embarrassed yet frustrated.
Uh, I really wanted him.
I can sense his own frustration too and this is only one day, and not even that long cause we were together this morning.
Wait, how long is Alpha Oliver staying?
Grrr! Damn it.
I spend the rest of the day walking like a zombie around the house not knowing what to do with myself. I want to see Colt but when I do, I can't control it. I want to be near him.
I decide to go see James but it is the same as last time. He is mourning.
When dinner time finally comes, we are all seated as we were this morning. Oliver sits in front of me and throughout the dinner, his eyes linger on me way too much for my taste.
Especially when I can feel Colt pissed off a few seats away.
At first, I start to feel happy that the conversation is about the war with Ezra and nothing else but I change my mind because it quickly leads to Oliver talking to Colt.
"Well, you know the territory better than anyone else here," Oliver says to Colt.
"Yes, I do. So when the time comes, I'll share what I know but for now you don't need to know a damn thing." Colt answers.
Oliver and Colt are quickly butting heads. This is a tension that Colt created because Oliver knows nothing about Colt and me. Unfortunately, Warrick is not happy about this. He turns to me and I can see the warning in his eyes. If Colt continues, he's going to have to punish him but then that goes against what I told him, that I would stay as long as he doesn't hurt Colt.
I abruptly get up, making my chair heard by everyone.
"I apologize. I am not feeling too good right now. I'll be heading to my room."
Without letting anyone say anything, I turn and sprint out of the dining room. Of course, the only one that follows is Serge. Hopefully my not being near Oliver will calm Colt.
I get to my room-leaving Serge at my door-and start changing only to have someone knock on my door in the midst of it.
I open it thinking that it's Serge but no, it is Colt.
"What are you doing? You can't be here."
"I know but I just needed to see you."
"Colt, you can't be here-" I whisper but he doesn't let me finish trying to tell him that I want to meet him somewhere else in secret.
"Godamit, fine!" He turns and stomps away.
I sigh.
That temper of his. What a big baby he can be sometimes. I get that he is angry but it makes me smile.
###Chapter 51
Before Colt can get too far away, I grab his arm and pull him inside. Without warning, I crash my lips onto his. "May I remind you, Sir, that you are the one who was insistent on doing this how my father wants us to do it."
"I know. But...it is harder than I thought it was going to be."
"I know." I hug him.
"When I see him...thinking that he can have you...it pisses me off."
I rub his back and he starts to relax. "My love...can you do this? Because I don't want you to suffer. I don't want to cause you pain." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.There is a pause and then I hear a long sigh. "Yes...I can do it."
I chuckle. "Can you do it without trying to rip Alpha Oliver apart?"
He sighs again. "Yes."
I pull away and look into his eyes. "Okay. But if it is ever too much for you, then f**k it. We stop it. You might not be able to mark me but we can out ourselves."
He smiles then leans in and kisses my head. "I love you."
He looks relieved now.
"Colt...I love you more than anyone in this world. You were the light in my darkness. Made me feel hope again. So please, know that there will never be anyone else for me. You are the only one I want."
He heavily exhales. "I guess I can go now."
"Hmh?" I am confused.
"I can sleep good now thinking of the words you just said to me."
I grin but before I can say it, he beats me to it.
"Not cheezzy!" I laugh. He gives me a quick kiss and walks towards the door.
"Sleep well!"I tell him.
"Oh...I won't. Not without you."
I smile as I watch him leave. I am sure That I also won't be able to sleep without him. It is a bit earlier than usual but without Colt, I am so bored so I decide to go to sleep. Especially since I haven't been sleeping well lately. "You must still want me if you keep coming to see me."
"Huh?" I am confused by these words.
Ezra smiles down at me. I am back in the white room but this time, this time I can't move. I lie on the sofa looking at Ezra's stupid face staring down at me with his stupid smile.
"My brother must not be satisfying you properly." As he says this, he takes my hand and moves it to his lips. I can feel the warmth of his breath and I am taken aback again at how real this all feels.
"Hmh...maybe...I'll take you back if you beg me."
"Why do I keep dreaming of you?" I ask. Talking and moving my l*ps is all I seem to be able to do.
"So you do want me."
"No. I will never want you."
I close my eyes realising that my obsessive hatred for him is what is making me dream of him so much. It has to be that. what else could it be?
Suddenly I feel the warmth of his hand on my neck but before I can react, I am startled awake by knocks on my door.
Light comes through the window. It is already morning.
I f**king hate these dreams. No, nightmares, they are nightmares.
Another abrupt knock makes me get to my feet and rush to the door. When I open it, Alpha Oliver stands there next to Serge who guards my door.
"Good morning my lady." He says in his British enticing accent. "Would you do me the honors of having breakfast with me?"
I am caught by surprise so for a few seconds I just stare at him.
...S-sure...
"Marvelous." He looks at my clothes and smiles. "I'll wait."
I slowly nod and close the door.
Usually, I wake up happy and feeling relaxed but not today. And I know why. When I wake up every morning, the first things I am greeted with are Colt's eyes and his smile, his deep morning voice saying "good morning" to me, and his morning kiss. But not today and I feel...lost.
When I finally snap out of my stupor, I quickly get ready and head out even though the only urge I have is to see Colt.
Oliver leads me downstairs outside where there is a small table in a small garden area. There is food already waiting for us.
He pulls a chair for me and after I sit, he sits in front of me.
"What a beautiful day it is." He says with a smile.
I slowly nod. "Yeah."
I know I sound very awkward and that is not good. I force myself to be more social.
"So...why did you come here to settle?" I ask him.
He starts speaking about his family but I can tell that he is being just a bit vague about it. The whole conversation ends up being about when he a already arrived here.
For some reason, he steers away from anything to do with his past and family which I find very suspicious.
I am relieved when it ends and I start my day with training. Warrick wants me to keep my daily routine and for the next three days, I do.
But Victor has really cranked up my training. He beats the hell out of me though that doesn't bother me as much since I am able to take beatings pretty well, keeping up with him has been a challenge however, his methods work. Slowly I have been able to fight back and keep a good pace. I also am getting less fatigued which comes to another type of training he incorporated, running. He makes me run laps now. At first, I hated it but now I understand why he does it. Endurance. It is a bit easier to keep up with him now. As for Colt, I have seen him secretly many times and he is doing much better in keeping his jealousy under wraps. Mostly because I show him how much I want him whenever we secretly meet.
I now run past the river where I can see the house in the distance and Victor waiting for me but suddenly I spot something strange. At the side of the house where the small garden stands, I see Colt with Skye. This makes me slow down to a sprint. "What...the hell?"
He had told me that she had apologized to him but he didn't tell me that he was talking to her again.
Catching my breath, I stop.
She says something to him and he smiles. My blood suddenly boils.
By no means do they look like they are flirting, in fact, Colt is a few feet away from her with his arms crossed and his body language tells me he is a little uncomfortable but still, his smile seemed genuine.
Without giving it a second thought, I stomp all the way to them.
"What is so funny?" I ask with a fake smile.
They both look at me startled.
"Oh...nothing," Skye says.
"Hmh...then why are you talking to him?" I am blunt and I don't hide anything. Colt takes a step back and stands next to me which makes me want to smile but at the moment, I don't. Good mate...
He stays quiet and lets me assert my claim over him, meaning that I am letting her know that he is mine-a behavior typical in us.
"Why can't I talk to him? We are not doing anything wrong. Are you that insecure?" She asks.
"Do you really want to go there?" I take a step towards her.
"I have no wish to fight you." She says. "There is no reason for that. But also, whether you like it or not, he and I share a lot of history together, and though I know where I stand in all of this and I know what I did, I speak with him out of the friendship that we once shared..." She slowly shakes her head. "...things can't be forgotten that easily."
I don't know what her game is and although she doesn't seem agitated, she does seem defiant...and I don't like it.
"Well, I can always make you," I say looking straight into her eyes. "I can make you forget it all...hell, I can make you do whatever I want."
Her mouth opens but she quickly closes it. She stares at me now with fear. She looks at Colt and then back at me before she turns and walks away.
I feel pure satisfaction and I can't hide it.
I look at Colt to find him staring at me. His expression is completely unreadable and it is almost scary.
"What?" I ask.
He looks down and shakes his head. "Nothing."
"Nothing? Seems like something is bothering you." I cross my arms and watch him closely. If he defends her, I am going to be so pissed.
"Did you really have to threaten her like that?"
"Are you serious? You are taking her side?"
"Cass...this is not about her. I get why you are upset, it's natural in our kind and it
doesn't bother me at all. It's the fact that you...you-" He stops and looks down. "It's nothing...never mind."
"No. Not never mind."
***
Colt's POV.
"It's nothing, Cass," I repeat.
"Are you sure about that?
Cause you seem upseat!" She says.
I am actually very calm. She is the one who is upset.
Her reaction is not what bothered me. It was what she chose to do. She doesn't realize that every day... she acts like her father just a bit more. It is like she is losing sight of who her father really is but I don't. I am reminded every single day of what I went through but I hide it from her. I hide all the pain I feel when I walk around here. I don't show it. She doesn't need to see my pain.
But I am starting to get scared that she is losing sight of who she is. I love this woman. I love who she is. I love the kindness she has in her. But this power she has-I am even afraid to think it but-it seems to be changing her. It is as if she is starting to rely solely on it and like it.
"I am sure," I say.
"You are lying and I don't like that. Tell me." She demands.
"It's just that you are the kind of person that throws punches, yes, but only out of anger. But when you said that to Skye...and even when you used your power on my sister, you seemed...to enjoy it. You seemed to enjoy the fear that it caused them."
"I-I don't enjoy it. But I do like the fact that I am not picked on anymore because of my power. I like that people know now not to mess with me because there will be consequences."
I truly hope that is true. I nod at her giving her the benefit of the doubt because I just might be wrong. "Okay.
I can see it your way.
Her face contorts to an expression of hurt. She gets close and softly clutches at my shirt and pulls me close. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry if that is how it came out."
"Don't apologize. It's okay." I put a finger under her chin and caress with my thumb but quickly pull away remembering that we are outside.
I hope no one saw that. "Uhm...please don't be upset.
It's okay, Cass."
It kills me to see her hurt.
###Chapter 52
"What are you doing?!" I ask Ezra.
Again I am in the white room and again can't move.
He traces a hand down my cheeks, neck, and shoulders, then takes my arm and gets close. He starts caressing my skin with his lips as his eyes stare into mine. I am sure this "Dream Ezra" is trying to get a reaction out of me.
"How does this feel? I can see your skin likes it." He says.
I roll my eyes. "It is all in my head. You are not real."
"How sure are you about that?"
"Very. My mind is just conflicted."
"How so?"
"I hate you for what you did and I want to kill you so much but..."
"But?"
"I am not so sure I am capable of such violence. As much as I want to rip you apart...will I be able to if you were really in front of me?" Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Well...I AM right in front of you."
"No, you are not."
He smiles. "Let's test it then.
He lifts the palm of my hand up towards him with one hand and then holds his other hand up where a pin needle appears out of thin air.
"Guess that is proof enough," I say.
"Is it?" He asks.
"Yeah, things don't appear from nowhere in the real world. This is a dream."
"You are correct..." He says as he gets the pin needle close to my finger. "This is a dream realm..." The needle touches the tip of my finger and I can feel the pain of the prick. "...but we are very real." He says.
I suddenly wake up and immediately hold my hand up, feeling just a bit of pain. My brows come together in confusion as I inspect the skin on my finger. To my surprise, there is a tiny dot of blood. "No...am I going crazy?
How?... This...this can't be real."
I look at my finger again. The tiny little prick is pink and it's not healing.
I suddenly feel fear. I look around my room which is lit by the small lamp on my night table I left on before I fell asleep. The light is dim, just enough to light my bed area but the rest of the room is dark and covered with shadows.
I don't think I can do this. I don't want to sleep without Colt anymore.
I sit up on the side of the bed ready to head out and find Colt in his room but as I rise to my feet, a shadow from the corner of the room moves. At first, I believed that my eyes were playing tricks on me when I saw the silhouette of a man but the moment it lunged at me, I knew it was not in my head.
My body reacts on its own and I immediately slide back, hitting the bed and rolling back over it but through all this, I can see a man now clearly. An unknown man and as I roll through the bed, he stabs the bed with a knife trying to get to me. I hit the ground on the other side of the bed and also hit the table, knocking the lamp down.
"SERGE!" I scream.
The man jumps over the bed swinging his knife left to right over and over while I keep clumsily backing up and stumbling on the floor.
"Stop!" I scream at the man as I try to look into his eyes, trying to use my power on him but it is too dark and I am too frantic.
My hands touch the cold steel of the lamp and I immediately grab it and swing it at the man, hitting him on the head. It staggers him and gives me enough moment to run past him towards the open door where Serge is already dashing in and taking the assassin down.
The man screams and I can hear a bone break when Serge holds the man's arm back while his other hand holds the assassin's head down on the ground.
Footsteps echo through the hall as guards flood into my room. Serge immediately hands the intruder to the guards and quickly comes to tend to me.
"Are you hurt!?" He asks with urgency.
I shake my head. "No-"
"You are!" He declares.
"What?" He wipes my face and I see blood stain his hand.
I touch my cheek where I have a cut.
"Oh!"
He takes one of the bed sheets and rips it, then holds the makeshift rag against my cheek.
I take it from him and then he starts to look around the room. He zones in on the balcony door. It is open.
I bite my lip cursing inwardly because, despite Colt's constant warnings to lock it at night, I left it unlocked.
While Serge inspects the door, Colt suddenly runs in and takes me in his arms.
When his b*dy encases me, I stop shaking and I hadn't even noticed that I was shaking until now.
"Are you okay!? Let me see."
"I'm...I'm okay..."
A few minutes later, we are gathered in Warrick's office. Colt was also attacked and I am sure that the same plan was meant for Warrick but he was having a meeting with a few of his men so the assassin was not lucky enough to get close. "Explain yourself!" Warrick shouts at Serge. "How did he get so close to her?! Why the hell do I even have you watching her?!" "I-I sensed nothing, Alpha."
I nod. "He is right. There was no scent or at least I can't remember of one."
The man really smelled like nothing which is strange because everything has a scent.
Colt nods too. "The only reason I noticed the assassin that came for me was because I was already awake. I couldn't sleep. Otherwise...he probably could have gotten me." "Same with me. I don't think Serge has any fault here. How did these assassins even get inside the pack and walk through the house without being noticed?" I ask.
Warrick looks at Beck and Garret who took the assassins to the dungeons and inspected them.
They both nod. "These men were covered in an oily substance that had no smell at all." Garret says.
Beck crosses his arms and also nods. "I can only assume that it is what was blocking their scent."
I stare at Warrick. "Can we take this assassin threat a bit more seriously now?"
Warrick looks at Garret without responding. "Get everything you can from them and then end them."
I hear Colt take in a deep breath before he speaks.
"These are not real assassins. They are men from my pack. I recognize them." Warrick stares at him waiting for more information but none comes.
"And this matters to me why?" Warrick asks.
Colt clarifies. "My point is...they are being ordered to do this but the one that attacked me hesitated. I could see that he didn't want to do it."
"And again, why does that matter to me? They still attempted it." Warrick says.
"It matters to me because these are my men. Ordered to do something by their supposed Alpha. It is not their fault. These men have families."
"That is all irrelevant to me and you..." Warrick looks at me. "You need to train more. That should not have happened." He points to my cheek where there is only a smudge of blood now since the wound is almost now closed.
I agree with him, I know he is right. Panic is my number one enemy. I need to train more in both my fighting and my power. I need to learn to react instead of panicking.
"Starting tomorrow you will be training with Victor nonstop."
"What about training my power?"
"That can wait. You are having far more trouble than you should with it so let's focus on learning how to defend yourself for now. We can do a bit of training on the weekends for your power but you need to learn the basics first and that is learning how to fight and how to react to danger."
I nod and don't argue. As Warrick continues to speak, I slowly creep next to Colt who has been standing a bit further away from me because Oliver is in the room.
"I am not sleeping by myself tonight." I whisper to him. "I can't. I need you."
His beautiful green eyes always give me butterflies when he stares at me with that intense gaze. "I wasn't planning on leaving you alone." He says. He doesn't smile. Lately, I have noticed that he is bothered by something but he won't speak of it. I can only assume it is because of all this situation but I am not sure.
When we finally head back to our rooms, I make sure to follow Colt to his but still being discreet. I also tell Serge that I can't have him waiting outside of Colt's room cause it would be too obvious.
The moment we lie on the bed, Colt wraps me in his arms. We don't speak a single word. I take his presence in and that is all I need to make me drift into deep slumber.
When those glowing white walls meet my sight, that is when I realize how screwed I am. With what had happened, I forgot about Ezra and this place.
"No...no!" Ezra smiles. "Seems you've finally figured it out."
"This is real!"
He now has a grin. "Yes, my sweet Casseopea. Judging by the fact that you are here now, my men must have failed. And to be honest, I am actually quite glad. I realized how much I want to savor you first." "Let me go! Ezra! Let me go!"
He takes out a knife and presses the tip of it against my neck. Slowly, he slides it down my collarbone.
"You have no power here."
He says. "Those pretty eyes of yours won't work here.
Only pain and pleasure thrive in this place and right now...I think I'll choose pleasure." His eyes slide down my body and then with a flick of his hand, the knife cuts the slim strap of my tanktop. As much as I try to move, I can't. My body is paralyzed.
All I can move are my mouth and eyes. His eyes suddenly darken and a fire burns in them. He throws the knife across the room and then putting a knee in between my legs, he lies over me.
I hate that his eyes remind me of Colt. I hate that they have the same color.
"How are you doing this?
How is this really happening?"
"With..." His voice is breathless and as he says this he stares at my lips. "...the help of a friend."
His lips touch mine. I can feel it all as if we were really together.
His hand slides up my body and then he presses them against my breasts.
I unwillingly moan and I hate it. I feel disgusted.
He deepens the kiss and I know that all I can do to defend myself is to bite him but before I can, he ends the kiss.
Leaning a bit back, he slides his hands down and starts to undo my pants. Pain and pleasure. That's what he said. He said that pain and pleasure are what thrive here. And I know! I know why he said he didn't want to use pain now. Because...that is my way out.
When he pricked me with that needle before, I immediately woke up.
"You know what it's sad?" I ask and it gets his attention but he doesn't stop messing with my clothes.
"I am sure you are about to tell me."
"I was yours once. You had me and I could have loved you...so much."
I know this affects him because he stops. He stares at me and stops what he is doing.
"I would have willingly given myself to you if you would have just...given me a chance all those years ago. But look at us now...look at what you have resorted to."
His facial muscles harden and his jaw clenches.
"You...you should have been mine!" He grabs my shirt with both hands and rips it.
"That will never happen!" I shout and then do the only thing I can think of. I bite my tongue as hard as I can.
I lift up from the bed, screaming with the taste of blood in my mouth.
###Chapter 53
"Cass!"
"It's real!" I shout with a hand on my mouth.
"What happened?!" Colt asks desperately.
I take my hand off and see blood. I didn't bite my tongue off, but it still hurts.
"Why are you bleeding?!"
I turn to him and quickly cling to his shirt.
"Ezra!" I cry out.
"What?!" He pulls away holding me in place by my arms. "What about Ezra?!"
"He was in my dream but it wasn't a dream." I am slurping as I talk because my tongue hurts. "It was real."
"Cass, how? It was just a dream."
I shake my head. "No. It was the witch."
He stares at me, thinking it over. "Okay. Tell me what happened." He takes his shirt off and puts it on my mouth to help me stop the bleeding.
I can tell that he doesn't believe me but he is willing to listen to me.
I tell him everything and once I am done, he takes my hand and looks at my finger where even I can see a small prick, just where Ezra stung me with the needle. The wheels in his head turn and he is quiet as he thinks.
"I...I want to dismiss this as being nothing but I don't think I want to take that chance." He turns and looks at his clock. "Five..." He mutters, then turns to me. "Once everyone wakes up, let's tell them about this."
I nod. He lies me on his chest where I rest but I do not dare to fall asleep. Once morning seeps through the window, we get up and head straight to Warrick. He is in his office with Poppy. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."What now?" Warrick asks sounding weary of us.
Again I explain everything.
Like Colt, he seems a bit skeptical but doesn't completely dismiss it.
"Mh...I have no idea what to do here." He looks at Colt.
"Bring in your siblings. Let's see if they can tell us more about this witch."
A few minutes later Bryn, Miles, and even Dash are here but as many questions as we ask them, they still don't know of have anything new to add.
"Poppy, bring Lotus."
Poppy looks a bit confused but she nods. A few moments later, Lotus walks in with Poppy."
"Love, we need a bit of your knowledge here," Warrick says.
Lotus looks frightened and confused at the same time.
"What is this about?"
"Witches."
For the third time today, I explain again what happened with my dreams.
"Is this truly possible?"
Warrick asks her.
"Yes. I told you witches and their magic are real."
"How...how do you know this?"
"The reason for me knowing this is my own. But they are real. I have seen it." She says.
"What do you suggest we do here then?" Warrick asks.
"We find a light witch." She says with no hesitation.
"Light witch?"
"Yes. There are dark witches and light witches. In other words, bad and good. And I know of one..."
"I...have so many questions," Poppy says. "Witches are real?"
"They are rare but yes. Look at it this way, we are real, aren't we? Many other supernatural beings are too."
"1
I get that but magic? Real magical witches?"
"Well I mean, they can't really conjure fire from their hands or things like that. Not that I know of anyway.
Television tends to exaggerate things. They dabble in enchantment and hexes. Stuff like that."
"Okay, so what are we doing?" Colt asks.
"We will need to take a little trip down to Ellsworth."
"Ellsworth? What is that?" I ask.
"A small town about two hours from here."
"Oh."
"Very well, go. Get ready while I make the preparations for your trip." Warrick says.
Suddenly, everything went fast. I can't even process what we did but here we are now in a car on our way to a small unknown town. Well, unknown to me. Lotus and Poppy both came and they are the ones leading this little mission. Dash, Miles, and Bryn also accompany us along with Serge who leads a team of bodyguards. And by bodyguards, I mean a small army or warriors. Warrick did not take any chances.
It is a cloudy and rainy day.
We arrive at the town in the early afternoon. It definitely has a small-town charm with those kinds of colonial old houses.
We parked near a park and now we follow Lotus.
I am intrigued by everything I see. I rarely ever leave the pack so just like when Colt took me to the city, I am amused by everything.
"Maybe we should get some ice cream later," I whisper to Colt as we pass by an ice cream cart. "And what is that?" I point to a building displaying all sorts of sweets and cakes.
"Looks like a bakery."
"So many delicious-looking things!"
I can hear Dash laugh behind me. "My poor curls have been so deprived."
"Don't judge me!"
"Oh, I am not. It's cute, to be honest."
Colt slightly turns his head and gives him a warning look.
"Whoa there, buddy. She's all yours. I'm more like a best friend or even brother."
"Well I mean, if Colt was not in the picture, I could have dated you," I mumble.
Both Colt and Dash gasps so loud that I start to have a laughing fit.
"You are going to sign my death sentence with that comment!" Dash says. "I mean...I still agree but you know..."
Colt slowly turns his head again towards Dash but this time he has flaring eyes.
"Nope..." Dash mutters. He slows down his pace and walks as far away from us as he can.
"I can't believe you," Colt says squinting his eyes at me now.
I give Colt a hug. "I'm playing with you. You are the only one for me and you know it."
Could I have dated Dash? To be honest, he is a great guy so I think I could have. But all I want is Colt now. I'm happy with him.
He smiles looking satisfied and we continue following Lotus and Poppy.
"Last I remember she had a small shop near the town square," Lotus says. "This way."
A minute later, we stand in front of a shoe store.
"It was here but that was more than...twenty years ago."
"More than twenty years!" Poppy shouts. "You could have said that sooner. What made you think that it would still be here?"
Lotus sighs. "This witch was born and raised here so I am sure she is still around. We're just going to have to ask around."
"Uh...Well, might as well put all these extra hands to use."
Our small group looks back to where the army of pack warriors follow. I am exaggerating when I say army cause there are like twenty men. Hardly an army but still a lot. Especially when they are so noticeable compared to the normal humans that walk around. "Serge, have some of your men ask around town." Poppy orders.
Serge nods and quickly gives the command.
"This might take a while. I kind of want to explore a little." Miles says.
Bryn vigorously nods and then she takes his arm and whisks him away.
"I didn't want to go with you!" We hear him complain as they stride away.
"How about that ice cream?"
Colt asks me.
With a big smile, I nod.
Lotus, Poppy, and Dash join us sitting on a bench and eating our ice cream in the park.
While Dash and Colt struck up a conversation, Poppy's curiosity gets the best of her.
"Lotus, how did you meet this witch?"
"That is my business.
"Then how can we trust this woman? You bring us here but, we just learned about witches or rather confirmed that they really do exist. But how can we trust her?"
"It should be enough that I am telling you to."
"You know that I am going to pester you with this till no end. So might as well tell us."
Lotus looks at her with an infuriated stare then takes a deep breath. "I...I came to her in an act of desperation."
Poppy and I sit quietly as Lotus starts to explain.
She looks around nervously as if she was thinking. "I...I wanted to be a mother and for some reason, no matter how much I tried, I couldn't.
I met Honora during my time of most desperation and grief. She gave me a simple tonic to heal my broken womb. A year later,
Victor was born." She looks at me and then looks down as if she is hiding something or not telling the whole truth.
"I'm so sorry for pressing on the matter. I had no idea."
Poppy says.
"That is why I told you to leave it alone! But noooo!"
Poppy swats at her. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
They start to bicker as if they were real sisters.
"Curls...don't you want to explore a little?" Dash suddenly whispers in my ear.
Colt holds a hand out with a smile.
I take it and leave the two ladies talking while the boys take me around town.
"Eww, why are these things always so creepy?" Dash asks looking at a few old porcelain dolls.
We are in an antique store that caught my eye but now I'm a bit spooked out with all these creepy dolls.
"I swear I saw that one move!"
I almost jump out of my skin. "Dash! Shut up!"
"What?! I swear I saw it move!" He says trying to hide behind me.
"Don't listen to him." Colt takes my hand and leads me out.
"Don't leave me here alone!"
Dash sprints behind us.
As we come out, we suddenly bump into Miles and Bryn. They have a bag full of stuff.
"What is all that?" Colt asks.
"Uh! You'll see." Miles rolls his eyes.
We head back to the park where Bryn starts staking stuff out from the bag. A dry eraser board, a little bell, and something that says "air horn" Bryn takes the dry eraser board and starts writing something. When she is done, she turns it to us. "I HATE YOU ALL!" She wrote.
She takes the air horn and pushes the tip. A loud horn sound comes out startling all of us.
"That's going to be annoying," Miles says.
Dash laughs "You should be used to it by now. That's exactly how she sounds."
Bryn throws the dry eraser at Dash. He ducks just in time before it flies over his head.
"We found her." Serge suddenly says walking back to us. "She moved her shop downtown near a lake somewhere."
Lotus jumps out of the bench. "Great job! Let's go."
It isn't hard to find the shop. Locals seem to know exactly who we are talking about when we ask for directions.
The shop is actually down a road that winds down and reaches the lake. We get out of the car and from here we can see the lake in the distance down below.
"This is really a cute little town," I mutter feeling the nice breeze.
Upon entering the shop, I take it all in.
It is a cute little shop with books, incense, herbs, crystals, and tarot cards.
It doesn't look spooky at all as I thought it was going to. when you hear about witches, you immediately think spooky stuff but in this case, it is completely untrue. Honestly, it looks peaceful and it is quiet.
"How may I help you...though I think I know you." She says looking at
Lotus.
"Yes, we met many years ago."
"Ah. I knew I recognized you. How is your friend?" She glances at us as if she was looking for someone.
"We are here on an urgent matter," Lotus says avoiding the woman's question.
"Oh? How can I help you?"
###Chapter 54
"I see." the witch-Honora-says.
We have explained everything to her and now we watch her pace by us as she thinks. She walks to the "Follow me to the back. This requires all my attention." She says, walking behind the counter and thro "Sit." She walks around a round table.
We all sit around the table except for her. She walks up to a few shelves and starts grabbing things. "The only way this man could enter your dreams like this depends on two things. Obviously, a witch is read the complete chapters for free."That... shouldn't be it. We severed that link. He was my mate." I te "Contrary to what you might believe, the severing of a mate bond does not happen instantaneously. Y must have taken advantage of the fading connection that was still there."
"What can we do?" Poppy asks.
"It is a simple remedy to sever whatever connection lingers."
"Wait," I say. "How exactly can he hurt me in this dream state, my mouth has still not healed yet and a "It is a magical wound and so it will take longer to heal. Be glad it wasn't a mortal wound. As for the p "Wait...if I could move...I could hurt him?"
Her stare lingers on me for few moments and then she nods. "Yes. I supposed you could. Would that b "Yes!" I quickly say.
"But wouldn't this be dangerous?" Colt asks.
"It is a chance to kill Ezra and I am taking it." "But Cass"
"I am not changing my mind, Colt."
"Cass, please think about this first."
"I've made up my mind. I need to do this."
I am not letting this chance go to waste
I turn from him ending this discussion.
"What do I need?" I ask Honora.
loor, locks it, and turns a sign around that says "closed".
oor.
g him and he has a connection to you somehow, a link." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to cut the cord but the connection lingers for a little while longer. It slowly dissipates without a tether until finally it is completely gone. This man and witch
can't I ever move?"
, it is most likely this other witch's doing." you want? It is doable."
She holds a golden amulet with a green tone in the middle of a gold plate. "Wear this when you go to sleep. Whatever spell they have on you will vanish and you will be able to freely move." I hold the amulet and after inspecting it, I put it on. She then holds her other hand out with a blue flask. "This will sever the connection completely. Take it when you are ready to end it." I take the flask, it contains liquid inside.
"Thank you," I say.
"It is no bother. Now, the matter of payment." Honora asks.
"Of course." Lotus nods and Poppy takes her purse out. They walk out to the front of the store where Poppy pays. I can only assume that it is Warrick's money.
I stare at the potion in my hands wondering how this is going to taste.
"Cass, are you really doing this?" Colt asks.
My attention now goes to him. "Yes. I am. If there is a chance that I can end it, then
I am taking it."
Colt shakes his head. "This is dangerous. He can hurt you too."
"But I'll have the upper hand.
He won't know that I'll be able to move."
Colt sighs.
I put a hand on his shoulder trying to comfort him.
"Look, if it doesn't work the first time, then I'll take the potion and end it. But I have to take this chance, Colt. Wouldn't you take it if it was you?" With a scowl on his face, he reluctantly nods.
I get on my tippy toes and put my arms around him. "I know you are worried but please trust me."
With another big sigh, he hugs me and whispers. "Okay."
A bell suddenly rings almost in my ear. Bryn waves the bell she bought getting our attention and points at the dry eraser board that says.
"Let's go already"
"Can you give her her voice back 'cause she is just as annoying without it," Dash says. The board goes flying directly to his face again but this time when Dash ducks, the board flies past him and connects with Miles's forehead. "Son of a-! That hurt, Bryn!"
She stomps on the floor, taking the board back, and writes "Sorry" but has an attitude about it.
Shaking my head, I leave them arguing and walk up to the register where Poppy pays.
"Anything special I need to do when using the amulet or drinking the potion?" I ask Honora as she rings Poppy up.
"The amulet you can just put it on and when you go to sleep it will work. The potion is actually pretty bitter so I suggest a glass of water in hand. Don't throw it up." She smiles. "You know, you look...familiar. How old are you?"
"Twenty-three," I reply.
Something in her eyes flashes. She nods. "I see." Her stare falls on Lotus. They share a peculiar glance.
"You look just like your mother." She says.
"My-...you knew my mother?"
She nods. "Yes. A very gentle lady with so much will in her."
I smile as the thought of her enters my head.
Bryn's bell rings again getting everyone's attention.
The board in her hand reads.
"Can she help me with my voice?"
We look at Honora who clearly doesn't know what Bryn is talking about.
"Huh? That's a good question."
Though Lotus seems hesitant to talk about my power, we still tell Honora what happened.
She looks at me with wonder. "Curious...this power of yours."
"Can you help her?" Poppy asks.
"I am not sure I can undo it. But maybe I can help you control this power."
"No." Lotus immediately
says. "It is not a good thing to resort to magic or unnatural things for everything. Let's figure this out first and then we can deal with your power and help Bryn without magic."
As enticing as Honora's suggestion sounds, Lotus is right. I'm not sure I want to mess with magic when this power of mine has been so unpredictable already.
"Very well. But I'll be here if you need me and I have a feeling that you will." She says.
With a riled-up Bryn-pissed off that we didn't take Honora's offer-we say our thanks and head back home.
Once at the pack, we explain to Warrick how it all went.
He actually agreed with my plan and said that it was a smart move. I felt a bit proud at that but later had to put my foot down when they all wanted to watch me sleep. I completely refused and told them that I would only have Colt with me and Serge could stay outside of the door if they wanted someone more there.
Now alone in Colt's room, he places a glass of water on the end table next to me. "Can't take any unnecessary risks, okay?"
"I won't. I have one try and if that doesn't work, then I am out."
"And can you get out?"
I nod. "Yes. Pain seems to do the trick."
He takes a deep breath in. I know he doesn't like the idea.
He k*sses my head and hands me the amulet.
"Ready?"
I give him a nod and put the amulet around my neck. I pull Colt in and let him fall on the bed next to me.
Cuddling, we wait for sleep to take me. I can hear Colt breathe in my ear.
"I love you. Be careful."
"I will."
After what seems like an eternity, I am met with the white room. I immediately see Ezra sitting on the brown leather sofa. He nonchalantly stares at me with a knife in his hand. I stay unmoving except for my pinky which I wiggle to test if the amulet really works and it does.
"You kept me waiting." He says.
"Wasn't really looking forward to coming back." I say.
"Yet, here you are."
"Didn't have a choice."
"Mh...now where were we?"
"Stop, please don't do this." I plea, acting scared.
He gets up with a big smile. "Just like that, beg me."
He kneels next to the couch I am on and puts the knife on the ground. I contemplate
whether to immediately take it but instead, I figure that maybe I can get just a bit more information out of him.
"How are you doing this?" I ask him.
"I have very powerful friends."
"Why resort to this?
Wouldn't you want this done in real life?"
"This is real life."
"You know what I mean."
"That is hard to do." "Why?"
"I'm not a patient man. I've been waiting for you guys to make your move. I can't keep waiting till you decide to attack the river packs to get to me. How long will that take? If I can have you now like this, then I will. I'll ruin you."
So he suspects we are planning an attack. Garret was correct, Ezra is no fool.
Ezra gets on top of me and latches his lips to my neck.
"Miles told us about a witch.
Is she the one who is doing all this?"
He pulls back looking a bit angry. "My f**king little brother. When I get my hands on him, he's dead."
"You've lost your mind, killing your family. Did she put you up to this?"
"Oh, I am very sane." He smiles and drops down again to kiss my shoulder.
His hands start roaming my b*dy and as he does this, I eye the knife on the floor.
"Are Kacey and your mother still alive?" I ask.
"Don't know why you care but yes."
"Why did you kill her...why did you kill Lauren?" My heart hurts as I ask him this.
For a few seconds, he is distracted kissing me, going down to my breasts, and then, lifting my shirt he k*sses my stomach.
"It wasn't planned." He finally says. "I was so angry that I didn't realize what I had done til I did it. But... I'd do it all over again now knowing how much pain it brought you."
Gritting my teeth, I whisper. "I am going to kill you."
"Yeah..." He lifts his head and smiles. "And how are you planning to do that up when you can even lift a finger?"
"Can't I?" I ask.
He keeps his smile up but I can see how he is suddenly doubting.
Before he can realize it, I knee him in the nuts. He shouts and rolls down from
me. I get up and hurdle myself to the knife but soon feel Ezras weigh on me. I drag myself, my fingers just inches away from the knife while Ezra makes his way up to me, also dragging himself. When I feel him right behind me, I elbow him in the face. He staggers and I quickly grab the knife. Hurdling myself back, I stab him on the side where his waist meets his hips.
He screams in pain but before I can take it out and stab him again, a strange woman suddenly appears.
Black wavy hair, black eyes, and small in stature, more like a human.
She stares at me, her eyes blazing, and screams "What have you done!"
###Chapter 55
This has to be her. This has to be the witch.
She is quick, touching Ezra on the arm and disappearing with him. The whole room disappears and my eyes open. I sit up with a startle. "Cass!" Colt shouts.
"I got him! I got him, Colt!"
"You killed him!?"
"No. He is not dead but I hurt him badly and I saw her. I saw the witch."
Colt immediately hands me the potion. "Take this now."
Without arguing, I immediately drink the potion. It is bitter and I feel like I want to throw up.
Once it is done, I feel nothing happening but it's not like I felt the connection that was still there before anyway. The amulet worked exactly how Honora told me it would, so I am sure the potion does too. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I look at Colt unsure of what to do next. "Now what?"
"Now..." He pauses, thinking for a few seconds. "Now we rest and wait till tomorrow to see if there is any news?"
I nod. "I am really tired."
"Let's rest. You need it."
We lie down but deep inside I am scared. Scared that the potion did not work and that Ezra and this witch will come after me again in my sleep.
Colt can see my hesitation.
He moves the hair from my face and caresses my cheek.
"If there is anything amiss, I will wake you up." "Okay." I whisper.
I close my eyes and relax while he caresses me. I wake up in the morning feeling rested and happy that nothing happened. After telling everyone what happened, we waited for news and I resumed my daily training with Victor and my father. Two days pass and to my displeasure, we receive news that Ezra is still alive but apparently badly wounded. Witchcraft is truly scary. Even my tongue still hurts but it is healing.
Ready to take my lunch break after so much training, I head to the dining room.
"I haven't had the pleasure of seeing you much lately."
Oliver's voice carries from behind me.
I stop in my tracks and force a smile on my face before I turn to him.
"I apologize. I have been busy training."
"No need to apologize. You are a busy woman, nothing wrong with that. That being said, all work and no play can't be good for you."
I force a small laugh. "Father is working me to the bone. Maybe I do need a bit of fun."
"Well then, would you have a private dinner with me this evening?"
Every part of my being wants to say no but I force myself to nod. "Of course."
"Marvelous. I'm looking forward to some one-on-one time."
I smile and nod striding away and going inside.
"Some...one-on-one time?" I have to abruptly stop when Colt stands in front of me.
"You...heard that..."
"Yes. I heard that."
"You know it's nothing."
"To you it is nothing. To him...he has ideas, plans."
"If he does have plans, they will not come to fruition because I will not allow them."
I can see how tense he is and how much anger is coursing through him.
"Serge, take a break." I say without looking back. He knows exactly what that means.
I pull Colt to the empty living room-next to us-and once the doors are closed, I latch on to him and kiss him but he doesn't relax just yet. Knowing that he needs just a bit more convincing, my hand drifts down and slides inside his pants. He immediately groans. "Mhg..." "It seems that you need something to help you relax."
"I do?" He acts dumb but looks very amused.
"Yep. Let me help you with that." Unzipping his pants, I kneel down and spring his manhood out. It is already hardening under the touch of my hand.
He puts a hand on my hair looking down at me.
"Mh...show me you are mine."
"With pleasure." I say with a smile.
I take my tongue out and slide it down from the tip to the shaft making him groan. Not once do I look away from his stare.
I slider back up savoring that salty taste of his precum and then I pop the tip in my mouth.
He hisses in pleasure. My hands go to work as well softly going up and down his rod while my mouth takes care of the the head, sucking and sliding my tongue around. It drives him crazy.
I start bobbing my head back and forth, taking him all in. His grip on my hair tightens and I can feel his hips trying to thrust but I hold him in place.
He hisses and softly pushes me away.
"Bend over." He says pulling me up.
Within seconds he bends me over the back of a sofa, pulls my pants down, and rams himself inside me.
I hold on to the sofa so that I don't go over. I position
myself in a way that I can tighten my core, clenching my insides and this causes Colt to start moaning louder and faster.
"F***ck." He whispers.
"Mh..."
It makes me smile knowing that I can make him feel this good.
His thrusting speeds up.
"Uh... I want to come."
Usually, he can go on for a long period of time but this time it hasn't even been five minutes.
"Do it." I say.
"Are you sure? You haven't-Mh..."
"It's okay. I'm sure." I moan.
It feels good but I am nowhere near about to come and we can't be too long.
Someone might walk in.
Picking up speed again, he holds my hips as he lunges inside of me. Within a few seconds, he shakes and gives a loud groan.
As he separates, I turn to him with a smile. "Feeling better?"
He closes his eyes, smiles, and shakes his head. "Such a bad girl. You were buying my happiness."
"And obviously it works. Men are such simple creatures."
His mouth opens. He looks flabbergasted and I laugh.
"You tricked me."
"Oh please. Stop acting all innocent."
He laughs.
After fixing our clothes, he grabs me in a hug and k*sses me. "That was really good by the way."
"Glad you liked it."
Men really are simple to please. He seems to have forgotten that he was upset at all.
We head out going our separate ways and I immediately go to the bathroom to clean myself. After, I have lunch and continue my training. In the evening, after my training with Warrick, I get ready for my dinner with Alpha Oliver. He instructed me to meet him out in the garden. Before I can walk out, Colt enters my room.
He sighs when he looks at me.
I walk close to him and put my hand on his cheek.
"Baby, I am doing this for Warrick. Please don't worry. I am all yours."
"I know. I know this but...the thought of him...just looking at you, wanting you, craving for you... it pisses me off." He says.
"I know. Maybe...maybe I should just end it."
"No. Just get through tonight." He says. He k*sses my head and leaves.
Taking in a deep breath, I walk out and head down the hall deciding to go see James before I go to Oliver.
I have passed by my mother's painting many times but have always been too hectic to stop. The only time I was able to really get a good look at it was when Poppy showed it to me. So now, I stop.
She looks so happy. It is a genuine smile, that much I can tell. I don't know why she really left but I feel like she was happy here still. Giving the painting a smile, I go on my way to James's room where I find him now watching a bit of TV. I am glad he is doing something more than just staring out of the window.
He tells me that he just wants to distract himself which I fully encourage.
I leave him with a hug and head down to the garden.
There is a small table with dinner being served for two. I smile at Oliver as he lays eyes on me.
"Evening, you are looking radiant."
I honestly barely tried but I did put on a dress. I have nothing against him but it just feels wrong. It feels wrong to do this to Colt and it feels wrong to do this to Oliver.
Removing those thoughts, I sit and smile.
"Thank you."
"I saw a painting of your mother. You look just like her."
"Yes. I have been told many times and I agree."
"Mh, beauty runs in your family."
I really hate small talk. It is so awkward.
"Do you have any family here?" I ask him
"Sadly, no. Most of my relatives are gone and the rest live across the sea."
"So you are all alone here-not counting your pack-that's...sad."
He smiles. "Don't feel bad for me. To me, my pack is my family."
He is really a sweet man but is he really a good guy? I can easily believe that he is but still...something inside nags at me. His presence screams trustworthy but I am not sure I can really trust him.
We continue our small talk while we start to eat but I can tell that he has something on his mind and without thinking it too much, he asks.
May I...inquire into something?
"Uhm...sure."
"Who is this man that is constantly with you?"
"What...man?"
He stares at me without saying anything. Obviously, he knows I am just acting stupid.
"Uhm...well...Serge is my bodyguard...Victor is my brother-"
"None of those."
"C-Colt.......I have been training with him."
I don't have to explain who Colt is because he already knows who he is but he doesn't know who he is to me.
"Oh, I see."
He believes it and it feels wrong to lie like this.
"No. I'm sorry. That's a lie."
He looks at me a bit surprised.
"Colt is more than that. But we can't be together. My father does not allow it."
Obviously, I don't tell him the complete truth but at least it is some of it.
He falls silent but then nods.
"I see. It is understandable why your father does not wish you to be with this man. He is brother to the man that has declared war and also...wasn't his brother your fated mate?" I slowly nod.
"Mh...I agree with your father. Not a good idea."
Silently I stare at my food.
"There are better men out there worthy of someone like you." He puts a hand on mine. "Give it a chance."
I look down at our hands.
My eyes are captured by scars that come from under the sleeves of his suit. I turn my hand around, going over his hand and touching his scars.
He doesn't recoil, instead he stares at the motion of my fingers.
"You did not have a good life either...did you?" I whisper.
There is a pause for a few seconds. "My pack was taken over by another many years ago. And as I child, I was beaten into submission.
Only recently I was able to escape and that is why I have settled here."
"I see...scars....we all have scars that tell a story, our struggles and what we overcame. Battle scars..." I whisper.
"I have seen yours." He says.
I smile. "Mine are visible to everyone. There are so many."
"I like that you don't hide them."
"There is no need to hide them. It shows how strong I am and what I can overcome. I don't have an ego but many have tried to break me and failed. Even my own father."
He smiles. "Willfull." He seems intrigued by me but his eyes dart to our right where a sudden howl comes from deep in the forest.
"Is that...one of us?" I ask Oliver who looks very calm amidst my own panicking.
"A battle cry...they are here."
###Chapter 56
"Who?!" I panic.
"I can only assume it is Ezra attacking." Oliver says.
He gets up and starts to calmly take his suit off.
Warriors start runningtowards the forest and everyone comes out of the house.
"Casseopea, get in the house!" Warrick says.
"The house? But-"
"Do it!"
"But no! I'm fighting too!"
"Can you fight? Have you trained enough to be in battle?"
"Uhm..."
"If you can't answer that quickly, then it is a no. Hide in the house. Serge, take her inside."
"But if this is Ezra, I need to be here. I'm the one who is going to-"
"If it is him, trust me, he won't be killed on the spot.
I'll make sure to bring him to you beforehand."
I point a finger at him. "You better!"
"Get out of my sight! Go inside!"Always visit FindNovel.net for more updates and novels. He shouts at me.
My eyes dart to Oliver who stares back at me. He nods as Father says this. "Let us handle it."
Even though I feel like I should be out here helping, I do as they say and head inside. On my way in, I bump into Colt.
"Cass! Come on!" He takes me inside to the war room where there are a few people.
Some of the general's families like Julia, also Dash, Miles, Bryn, and the brides are here.
Some of the people slide the shutters on the windows, closing and blocking them.
Colt cups my face. "Stay here. You'll be safe." He kisses my head and starts to sprint out. "Wait! Are you fighting?!"
"Yes. Stay here. You'll be safe."
"Wait!"
He disappears out of the room ignoring my complaint.
Serge and Dash close the doors and stand in defensive positions along with a few other warriors.
"Don't worry, Curls, he'll be fine."
"Can you be a hundred percent sure about that?"
"This is the Dark Fang Pack and he has trained like one.
Yes, I am very sure."
Lotus walks behind me and places her hands on my shoulder. "It's protocol, my dear. This room specifically has reinforced doors and windows. It is used for meetings but it is intended as a protective shelter, same for the pack house. The children there should be in the reinforced cellar right now."
"So we just stay here and wait?"
She nods. "I know. It is horrible having to wait and not be able to do something out there but if we can't protect ourselves then we will just be getting in the way."
I understand what she is saying but I hate it. I don't like waiting like this.
I look around and see that everyone-except for Miles and Bryn-are relaxed.
"Why is everyone so calm?"
"We don't experience many attacks but as Dash said, we are the Dark Fang pack. We won't be easily taken down. Our packs consist of many Alphas, not something common in most packs." "Yeah, why is that? Why is it that this pack has so many Alphas?"
Lotus starts to explain. "Well, many years ago-before Alpha Warrick was Alpha- his father went on a rampage attacking other packs. He would decimate the packs but bring in prisoners, those of high blood like Betas and Alphas. This is why the northern territories are barren of packs. The packs that remain are the ones who united and fought back together. The Alpha was killed as a result and Alpha Warrick-his son-took over.
He saw the danger in continuing as his father was doing so he retreated and called a cease-fire that has
been in place till now though as you know, our Alpha has schemed and plotted secretly and slowly taken a few packs." She looks towards the door. "I have a feeling that this is going to change now."
"I've heard stories about...Warrick's father."
She nods. "Your grandfather."
"Yes, I guess."
"His name was Amos. He was a monster. And if you are thinking that Warrick is just like him, you are mistaken. Alpha Amos was ruthless even to his own children and mate."
"Still sounds like Warrick to me."
She slowly shakes her head. "You really know nothing. Alpha Warrick was not an only child and he was also not the only one with his gift. He had an older sister but also a younger brother who had the same gift. When his brother got his wolf and showed signs of his gift, Amos pined them together and told them to kill each other. That there could only be one with the gift. Obviously, Warrick won. Then a few years later, Warrick was forced to kill his sister too as a punishment for defying him. The Luna-Warrick's mother-was driven to madness by Amos and she plunged herself down a cliff."
I stay quiet, taking it all in.
"It is rumored that she loved flowers and this is why Warrick named us with flower names."
Oh wow, it suddenly makes sense though it is still weird. Poppy nods. "My mother-who still lives-talks about this all the time and how it was to live under Alpha Amos rule. She was terrified."
"I guess...it makes sense why Warrick is the way he is." I mutter.
Lotus closes her eyes. "My poor love. He has so many scars...just like you do. These were all done by his own father. He always tries to act tough but we have seen his vulnerable side." She motions to Poppy who nods.
I do not feel sorry for him. I can't. But I do understand why he is the way he is. It is a ruthless cycle.
I look towards the door noticing that I haven't been able to hear anything from outside since the doors closed.
"It's so quiet."
"It is the room. With everything closed, you can't hear anything outside of it."
After about thirty more minutes, the doors finally open and Warrick walks in.
"Everyone out. It is safe now."
"What happened?!" I immediately ask.
"It is over. We need the war room now to discuss our next move."
"But-"
"Stop your questions and wait." He says. "We are having a meeting now where we will discuss it all."
I wait trying to be patient but I am constantly wtching the door for Colt to appear. When he finally does, I let out a breath I didn't even know I was holding. I want to run and hug him but I know I shouldn't. Especially because Oliver walks in behind him too. "Now?" I ask Warrick.
He nods. "We won, as expected."
"And Ezra? Was it really him?"
"No. But it was most likely because of him." He now addresses the room filled with generals and pack warriors. "The river packs attacked. Why? Don't know yet but I'm about to find out.
The perimeters are secure now and we managed to get our hands on a few prisoners before they retreated."
"And is everyone alright? Did we lose people?" I ask.
"No. Just a few injured. It was a half-ass attack. A disrespect really. Who the hell do they think we are?! Didn't even give us the courtesy of coming in full force!" He says sounding angry. "Beck, go get me some information from these prisoners. Victor, make sure security is tight tonight." He looks at Garret. "Let's go to my office and assess the situation. Join us Alpha Oliver. The rest of you, I want you here early morning sharp."
"What about me?" I ask him as everyone starts to walk out.
"Go rest. Come back in the morning."
"But-"
"There is nothing you can do right now. I don't need you.
Go rest."
I hate feeling useless but there is really nothing I can do.
"I am not even tired," I mutter watching everyone go.
"Yeah, me either." Miles says.
"I need a drink." Dash says and starts to head out while Miles and Bryn follow him.
Only Colt and I stand in the room now. He closes the door once everyone is out and we hug each other.
"So everything Warrick said is true?"
"Yes. They barely gave any fight." He holds me close and sways as he caresses my head.
"Did you fight?"
"Just a couple of them. It was over fast."
"Good. I am glad everything turned out good."
"Me too."
"Mh...so, before they attacked-"
"Yeah, yeah. That stupid dinner you had."
I smile. "I told him about you."
He pulls away and looks at me surpised. "You did!?"
I nod. "I told him that you are more than just a friend to me, basically my lover. But that's where I left it. I told him that Warrick doesn't want us together which is part of the truth."
He nods with a smirk. "So he knows about me now."
I giggle looking at how satisfied that made him.
"However, it doesn't seem like he is going to stop pursuing me."
"Let him try. Idiot." He pulls away. "Do you want to go rest?"
I shake my head. "Don't really feel tired right now."
He nods. "Yeah, with the fight, me either. Should we join Dash and the others?"
I nod. "Yeah, let's do that."
Colt takes my hand and leads me to the bar room where
Dash sits on a bar drinking.
Miles and Bryn sit on a table next to them and I join them while Colt sits with Dash.
They are not the only ones here. There are a few pack members I don't know who had the same idea, lounging about-Julia included.
There are a few games here like a foosball table and even a pinball machine.
"They really should get a pool table in here." Miles mutters.
"Like the one you had back at your pack?" I ask.
He nods.
Julia scurries behind me and gets close to Colt who is next to us at the bar.
"I am so happy that you are okay, Colt. I was so scared." She says in a soft voice. Most people here don't hear her because they are talking but I am paying close attention to what she is saying to Colt. "Yeah, I'm fine."
"Did you get hurt at all?" She asks.
"No." That is all Colt says and then turns back to his drink.
Suddenly, the girl starts crying. "You are really ignoring me? Why do you have to be so cruel?"
She really just starts crying out of nowhere?
Colt glances at me then looks back at her.
"Julia, stop it. You know what I told you."
"I don't believe it. I can't."
Colt shakes his head. "I already talked to your father. He said that if you continued like this, then he would take drastic measures for you. He does not like this behavior and neither do I." "But I love you. I can't stop it.
I can't help it!"
"Oh boy..." Dash whispers next to Colt.
My eyes snap wide open and I turn in my chair to face them with shock. I can't believe she is this bold. I am sure she knows about me and him.
"Sorry, but that is not my problem." Colt says turning back to his drink. "I already made it as clear as I could."
Good boy. I feel satisfied with that answer.
"No! Look at me!" She shouts.
This draws the attention of everyone in the room but Colt doesn't turn to her.
"Go away, Julia." Colt coldly says.
"No! Look at me!" She pulls his arm to face her. He swings his arm free from her but at that moment, she jumps on him and latches her fangs to his neck.
###Chapter 57
Colt's POV. F**k!
Julia goes flying across the room when Cass gets her hands on her. Julia hits a table and breaks it in the process.
"ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?"
Cass screams. "I'LL KILL YOU!"
Before I can move, Cass is already on Julia.
Julia-screaming- puts her hands up trying to shield herself as Cass slashes at her with her full claws
"Shit!" Dash screams.
I ignore what is happening inside of me and both Dash and I run towards the girls. I immediately pick up Cass from her waist, or at least I try. Always visit FindNovel.net for more updates and novels.She uses so much force that I can't get her away from Julia. Dash takes Julia by the hands and pulls her from under Cass.
Julia cries and holds her hands out with her arms slashed and bleeding.
Cass is not having it. She tries to get away from my grasp and almost does, getting close to Julia again
"I'LL KILL YOU. I'LL KILL YOU! DIIIIIE!" It is a screech.
"Cass!" I shout. "Cass stop!" I try my best to pull her back but she has lost it.
I wrap my arms tight around her and constrict her thrashing movements.
"Julia!" Dash shouts.
I look up and see him placing her on the floor. She is unresponsive.
"She's not breathing!"
"What?!"
Dash puts his head on Julia's chest. "There is no pulse! I think Cass used her power on her! Someone call the pack doctor!"
Some pack members rush out while he starts chest compressions. "Shit!"
I continue to hold Cass. She is not listening or thinking of what is happening. She has gone feral and is not going to be able to stop herself.
I hate what I have to do but I force myself. I put Cass in a headlock until she loses consciousness but the girl gives me a fight. My arms are clawed.
When Cass is out, I carefully lie her on the floor. "Watch her!" I yell at Miles who is shocked and Bryn who is franticly panicking, then run to help Dash.
I take over the compresses as Dash goes to give mouth-to-mouth.
"Shit! This is bad!"
"Breath!" Dash shouts at Julia's motionless body.
After what seems like an eternity, the doctor finally arrives.
"Move! What happened!"
The pack doctor rushes in with his medic, bags in hand.
"She's not breathing and doesn't have a pulse!" We tell him and move aside for them to assess the situation.
"Give space!" The medical helper demands, moving people aside.
The doctor and medic start doing exactly what we have been doing. Then they stop and check for her vitals.
Everyone in the room holds their breath waiting.
"Nothing! Carter, give me a dose of adrenaline!"
The medic-named Carter-immediately starts rummaging through his bag.
As this is happening, I kneel down and take a moment to breathe. I am confused as to what is happening to me. My chest tightens with pain but it is not unbearable.
I look up and see the doctor stab a syringe directly into Julia's chest.
Julia suddenly gasps and opens her eyes. She lifts up, looks around, and then suddenly her eyes close and she collapses again but the doctor holds her before she hits the ground. He puts an ear to her face and then nods. "She still breathes." "She's alive!"
"For now. Take her to the infirmary! We need to stabilize her." A few members pick Julia up and take her away.
The doctor suddenly spots Cass on the floor and he panics. "What has happened to the Alpha!"
Dash and I immediately explain. He quickly checks on her and determines that she will be okay, then rushes out to attend to Julia.
I pick up Cass and turn to Dash. "Go tell Alpha Warrick what has happened."
He immediately rushes out. I carry Cass to her room and as I do, I can feel it. The mate bond that was created has vanished. When Cass created the bond, when she marked me, since I didn't mark her back it was weak and could be undone at any moment. That is what Julia did. When Julia bit me, she undid my bond with Cass and for a split second, I felt a bond with Julai, but not anymore. And I am sure I know why. Julia died. the moment she died, that bond that she had just created, disappeared which I am relieved about - but I do not wish for her to die.
I lay Cass on her bed and watch her. Her face is peaceful. No anger in sight.
Even if our bond broke, It does not change how I feel about her. I loved her even before the mate bond was created. So that has nothing to do with how I feel about her. I love this woman beyond belief.
"Explain to me what happened!" Warrick dashes in.
It takes me by surprise but I immediately do as he says.
"Mh...Julia needs to be dealt with."
"Dealt with?"
"She can no longer stay here without Casseopea wanting to kill her."
"So Cass will not be punished?" I ask feeling just a bit relieved.
"Of course, she will NOT be punished for doing what is instinct to her. And she is my daughter next in line to be Alpha. As I can kill whoever I want in my pack, so can she."
Even though I am relieved, I don't really know how to feel about that.
I look at her. "She needs to train that power of hers. It is dangerous."
"With that...I agree." He says.
He then stands in silence staring at Cass. For a few seconds, he just observes her and then he finally speaks.
"Would you give your life for hers?"
"Yes." No hesitation in my voice but I am curious as to why he asks this question.
"I loved her mother in such a way. I never thought she would leave me but I supposed I drove her to it.
My vices...are more than even I can handle sometimes."
Tomorrow get ready. We will be announcing our official attack on your brother."
"What....what will happen to my pack?" I ask.
"That will be determined after Ezra is removed. If they decide to follow you, their true Alpha..." He looks back at me but he stands there thinking. "After mine, your pack is the biggest." He mutters. "My one thought has always been to decimate your pack but...if I think clearly here....I realize how much more valuable you are as my daughter's mate. Mated...you could join the packs. We would have an empire." His eyes glimmer with such a shine. "I will announce this to Alpha Oliver. The part of the deal with him that regards my daughter is off. You are to be her mate."
He immediately walks out after saying this.
This is what I wanted but I feel uneasy by this. My pack will merge with the Dark Fang Pack. The Blood River Pack will disappear...my father's legacy. Am I truly willing to do this?
My mind analyzes this but there is no doubt in my heart that I would give up my very own life to be with this woman. To be with my Cass.
I lie next to her and this is when she opens her eyes.
She looks at me and smiles then her expression changes. She looks surprised. "What happened?! The last thing I remember was....Julia talking to you and then she..."
"Stop," I tell her before she goes on a rampage trying to find Julia. "Let me explain what happened." I caress her cheek and start explaining.
"So she did not die?"
"Yes, she did but was brought back."
I can see conflicting feelings in her.
"And our bond is gone?"
I slowly nod. "But that can be easily remedied."
"I know. But it pisses me off.
Who the hell does she think she is?!"
I can see her getting agitated again so I immediately try to distract her.
"Your father is telling Alpha Oliver right now that you and I are to be mated."
She gasps. "He is?!"
My head moves up and down with vigor. "Yes. This all will end and all we have to deal with is Ezra."sentimental man."
"It is not sentiment...just business."
A lie. The moment I saw my daughter for the first time, she looked just like her mother and I started feeling things. I haven't felt anything in a long time. I tried to bury those feelings, feelings I do not even share with my own sons who I have seen grow and become men. I am a horrible father, I know this. But Cass...my Dahlia's... Cassiopeia's daughter...that was her real name. My Casseopea. Cass, instinctively, took her mother's name and it suited her just fine. I want my daughter to be happy, despite everything that I stand for.
"So what you are saying is that an Alliance with me is not important to you?" Oliver speaks.
"Not at all what I am saying. There are other ways to keep an alliance-"
He puts a hand up, interrupting me.
"I am not to be taken for a fool, Alpha Warrick. I am getting the raw end of the stick as you Americans say.
"Bottom line is, you either become our ally or our enemy. Do you really wish to be our enemy?" I point out of my window towards the reforming camp. "Look out there. That is where your pack will end up. You do not have the manpower to go against us. Choose wisely."
"Even the mightiest have fallen from their high horse one way or another." Alpha Oliver's expression changes to a smiling one. "But it would be suicide to go against you. Very well, our alliance stands."
The way he just changed his mind It's like a switch turned on which I am a bit unsettled about.
"I will retire. We'll discuss more in the early morning as you have instructed." He says.
I nod. "Yes. Our plans."
He immediately leaves and I follow suit, making my way to my room thinking about today. I stop in front of Dahlia's painting as I do every night.
"Soon...my dear. I will join you soon. I can feel it." I whisper.
I have taken to talking to this painting since Cass got here. Usually, I speak about Cass herself. How I wish she could see what a willful woman our daughter has become. But tonight it feels different. I feel tired. Tired of a life without the love of my life. I do love both Lotus and Poppy but the bond that I shared with Dahlia, that was different. She was my one true love and always will be.
I stare at my beloved for a few more minutes and then make my way to my room.
###Chapter 58
know how I am supposed to feel anymore.
A part of me does not want Julie to die, I don't want to be responsible for someone's death who didn't actually deserve it but the other part of me, the wolf part wants her gone even if that means death. I feel no remorse but I know that what I did was wrong. I don't I lie here with Colt. He is behind me and has his arms around me but I woke up about thirty minutes ago unable to sleep thinking about everything that happened. I can see morning light already coming from the windows.
What I did was instinct but...I can't allow myself to use my power like that. Not while I am not thinking straight. I need to learn to control it. But I have tried over and over and it seems impossible. Why am I not able to learn? Even Warrick seems perplexed by this. "Are you okay?" Colt asks, whispering in my ear.
"Mh, yes." I turn my head and kiss him before he can ask me again. I don't feel like talking about this right now.
"Mh..." he moans.
His hands start rubbing my hips. I immediately can feel him. He has morning wood.
I smile and he smiles back because he knows I notice. I start moving my hips and backing up on him. My butt rubbing him. Always visit FindNovel.net for more updates and novels.Immediately he starts pulling my pants and underwear down and then he rubs himself in between my closed legs and core.
"You are already wet." He groans out.
"That's because I want you."
My body feels extra sensitive right now.
"Good." He whispers in my ear and then his hands pull my hips back and he lowers himself just a bit. Then his member enters me. It feels like pure bliss. My insides burn for him to the point where not even a few minutes pass and I am about to come. "Don't stop, Colt." I moan.
"I'm not stopping, baby."
I feel the pure pleasurable release that makes my eyes go up. When my pleasure subsides, Colt turns me over-doggy style-and starts thrusting until soon he slams into me as he grunts and moans.
One hand on my back and another on my hip moving me back to meet him.
In no way am I about to come since I just did but it still feels good.
"Do you like this?" I ask him.
"Yes!" He grunts. "F**k. It feels so good." As he says this, he gives a few more abrupt thrusts and comes.
"Mh...that was so good." I mutter spreading my body on the bed.
Colt crashes on the bed next to me trying to catch his breath.
He turns to me and at the same time, I turn to him. He smiles and then pulls me into a hug where we stay for a while talking.
Not once does he bring up anything of what happened last night. We just enjoy each other.
I realize that we are late for the meeting so we quickly take a shower and get ready.
Then we have a quick breakfast downstairs. I was surprised to see that Oliver's men were not there. As we walk to the war room, they aren't anywhere.
We get to the war room and see everyone there. Warrick, the generals, Alpha Oliver, and most of his men are here.
"There you are." Warrick says. "We already started without you, you are late."
"Sorry." I say and immediately stand next to him.
My eyes go to Alpha Oliver who surprisingly has a plastered smile on his face. It is a bit creepy because it seems fake.
"Now where were we?"
"If I may..." Alpha Oliver interrupts. "Now that we are all here I have something very important to say."
We all turn to him. He has his hands behind his back still smiling.
"I hate to be taken for a fool.
And I hate being thought of as not good enough even more. You've... underestimated me, Alpha Warrick, and that I can't forgive." He takes out what seems to be a black gas mask and puts it on. All of his men-that now I notice surround us-do the same. "What are you up to!?"
Warrick shouts and with speed, he rushes Oliver but suddenly Oliver has his hands on a knife and it is plunged deep inside Warrick's chest.
Before anyone else can move, Oliver's men throw what seem to be gas grenades on the floor.
Immediately my throat feels like it burns.
I watch Warrick fall to the ground motionless.
No! Dad!
"Cass! Go! Leave!" Colt says clutching at his throat.
Everyone who does not wear a mask falls to the floor. I am unable to make a sound other than gasp for air. My eyes start to sting and they water.
"This could have been so much more different if you would have seen the value in our partnership." Oliver's voice is muffled but we hear him just fine. He walks in my direction as he says this.
"Bind, blindfold her, and take her. She is too valuable to just kill. Now let's go before the whole pack is alerted."
"No...NO!" Colt shouts as men try to prie me from him. I try to hold on to him but it is impossible. I feel so weak. I am blindfolded before I am pulled away.
"No! I scream but it is a rough shout, my insides hurt and it is hard to breathe.
The last thing I feel is someone hitting me before everything goes black.
My eyes open to see darkness but I can hear people around me.
"I think she is awake."
By the way I involuntary move, I can feel that we are in a vehicle.
"Good." I hear Oliver's voice.
I sit up with a jolt. "You son of a bitch!" I scream and throw myself forward but only end up hitting something. I am pulled back and sat down.
"Don't hurt yourself. You'll cost less." Oliver says.
"Cost?"
He doesn't say anything.
"Why? Why did you do this? Was this your plan all along?"
"No. It was something I came up with in the middle of the night right after your father told me that the deal with him was over. He didn't know that Alpha Ezra had sent a proposition to me a while ago." "You are working for him? Is that where you are taking me?"
"Well I wasn't going to take his proposal but now I think I will...and then I'll kill him too. But no, I am not taking you to him. The man would kill you and that is just a waste. Someone else would pay great money for you." "What? Who?"
"Honestly, I would have kept you for myself but you are far too dangerous and I can't just make you want me. I can't control you." He sighs. "Go to sleep now. It will take us a few hours to get there."
"Wait! What happened to everyone? Did you hurt them?"
"They just took a little nap."
"But...you killed my father."
"That I did. I plunged a silver poisoned knife into his chest, now shush."
Before I can argue, I feel a prick on my neck and then I am unconscious again.
I wake up to a bumpy ride but soon the car stops. I am taken out and all I can see is a bit of the grovel. They drag me and soon the ground is a muddy mess.
"Where are we?!"
I start to hear the scattered voices of people and all manner of noises. I hear the clinging of swords and money. People laughing and having conversations. I can see people's feet as we walk.
It almost feels like a market or something like that.
After a few minutes, I finally see old dirty wood planks instead of dirt and then hear a man's voice. "Welcome.
Didn't think I'd see you again if I am honest."
The man has a strong accent.
It sounds like a Chinese accent if I am not mistaken.
"Alpha Zao. I found your place very interesting last time I was here."
Zao? Where have I heard that before? I think it was Oliver himself who mentioned this name.
"This is her." Oliver pulls me close to him and then takes my blindfold off.
A bald Asian man stands in front of me in a green Chinese robe. He is not old, maybe in his thirties but has scars everywhere.
"A yes...when you told us you were coming and had this little special present for us, we had something special made for her." "Hardly a present. I expect payment."
"In full. The man says and throws a bag on the table in front of us."
"You are selling me!" I look at Oliver but he quickly averts his eyes from me. Not because he feels guilty but it seems that he is afraid.
"Need money for rogue mercenaries now that I did what I did." He looks at Zao. "She can't control her power but it is still dangerous, best to keep her blindfolded." Oliver says.
"I told you. I have something specially made for her." The bald man paces around me and Oliver as if he was examining me. "I have heard of this gift. It is old and comes from royal blood. You will make an exquisite addition to my collection."
I laugh like a maniac cause he really did make me laugh. "You are getting ripped off here. I will be much more trouble than I am worth.
Trust me...you can't tame me."
Zao chuckles. "Tame you?
No, I am known for breaking, not taming."
Two men suddenly take me from Oliver. They are swift and even though I thrash around and do everything that I can to get myself out of my restraints, the two men hold me down on the table.
Two other men come and hold my legs down.
"LET ME GO!" I scream shaking my head from side to side. Another man comes from the top and holds my head in place. "LET ME GOOO!" I scream as the man makes the mistake of looking into my eyes. He immediately moves back and releases my head but that does nothing since four other men are holding me.
My dumb ass should have commanded to kill the men holding me but I was not thinking.
"Hold her head but don't look into her eyes, you idiot."
Oliver mutters. He leans on a wooden beam and watches.
The man shakes his head and holds my head again Zao walks from the end of the room and ceremoniously holds up an iron half-mask. Like the ones they use on mascarades. It is a sliver in color and beautifully detailed and embroidered.
But it is thick. It is half an inch of metal thickness but it is much more thicker around the eye area.
"Made just for you." Zao says admiring the mask. "I had my men rake their heads on what would work for someone with your power. Something that would not allow you to use your power on others but would still allow you to see. This is what they came up with. It is thick enough that when people look into your eyes, all they will see is darkness. You won't be able to use your power on them but it will allow you to see."
As if I would keep that on.
Zao brings the mask close and puts it on me. "Perfect.
Fits like a glove. The thing is actually heavy.
I thrash a bit and it falls off.
Dumb a*s.
Zao smiles as if it didn't faze him. "Bring the bolts." ...the...bolts?
"Bolts? What do you mean bolts?" I ask.
He doesn't answer. One of his men walks up to me with four metal thick bolts.
Another man walks close with an electric screwdriver.
"What are you doing?! What are you doing!?!" I scream as Zao puts the mask back on.
"Well, shit...this is not what I was expecting." Oliver mutters.
Zao holds the mask over me with a smile. "Relax, this will only hurt a lot."
###Chapter 59
Colt's POV.
"Colt, they got in a car. We are not going to be able to find them or track them."
Dash says.
I grab him by the neck. "I have to find her!
"I am not the enemy here." Dash says taking my hands away from him.
"He most likely took her to his pack." Garret says. "I have men going down the route to his pack."
"F**k!" I grab a chair and smash it on a table over and over until there is nothing left of the chair but pieces of wood.
"The alpha is asking for you all." The doctor walks in.
We all look at each other and then immediately follow him to Warrick's room.
Yes, he survived it, at least he was still breathing when we all woke up. "How is he?"
"He is alive for now, but you must be prepared, the knife nipped at his heart. He is bleeding internally and is not healing fast enough because it was a silver knife that was used. Always visit FindNovel.net for more updates and novels. Even so, if that was just it, then there would be a possibility that he could recover but the real problem is the wolfbane poison that is coursing through his blood right now. The knife was coated in it. There is a high probability that he will not make it past the night." "And if he does?"
"Well, crucial organs do not go back to being completely normal. Flesh wounds and bones heal to be as if they were new. But not internal organs. They heal but they are never the same after a traumatic wound. As for the wolfbane, it is in his bloodstream but this also means it is everywhere in his body. His insides are being affected by this. We are going to do a blood transfusion and this will help but I don't have high expectations."
So the bastard might not survive the night? Now when we need him, just great.
When we walk into the room. Warrick is lying on his bed propped up with pillows and covered halfway with a white blanket. His chest has gauze wrapped around him that is starting to turn red. Lotus and Poppy sit on each side of the bed tending to him with concern expressions written all over their faces.
Warrick lazily opens his eyes and looks at us. He is having a hard time with ragged breathing.
"You must keep the pack safe." He talks to Victor.
"Until my daughter comes back. Find her...she is...my legacy." He lifts his hand up to take Victor's. "Promise me you will find her." Victor takes his hand and nods. "I'll find her." Warrick nods, his eyes move from Victor to Garret. "You two are exceptional, my sons. I have never shown it, but I have always been proud of you both."
He now looks at me.
"You...may mark my daughter. I undo what I did.
When you find her, if you both wish to make it official, then do it."
I am surprised.
He closes his eyes and falls asleep.
"He needs his rest. The next few hours are crucial."
The doctor urges us out of the room.
"Victor! What are you going to do now!?" I ask taking a walk next to him.
He seems a bit flustered after what Warrick just said to them. I am sure they had never heard words like that come out of their father.
"We-we have four problems. One is getting Cass back.
Two, three, and four...we have the river packs, Ezra, and now Oliver to watch out for."
He stops and looks out of the window, thinking. "I will have a team to solely search for my sister but my main focus will be taking the River packs out in order to get an equal footing here."
"Let me be in charge of the search team and let me deal with Oliver. We are fighting two fronts now." I say. "You can focus on the River packs and Ezra." He looks at me and gives me a nod. "Very well. Use whatever we have at our disposal to find her." "I will." I say turning around and walking through the hall ready to raise some hell.
And in the process, I'll kill the f**ker that took her.
***
Cass's POV.
My eyes open only to have my vision blurred. My head feels like it's about to explode and it feels heavy. When I finally focus, my vision is not the same. I can see straight in front of me but my peripheral vision is filled with darkness.
Realization hits me. I sit up from the dirt where I lie in the corner of the room. My hands go to my face where immediately I can feel the metal around my eyes.
I blacked out the moment the first bolt was screwed into my head.
I look down and am able to see that now I have a white ugly dress. It looks more like rags. Then Oliver's face comes to mind and I feel rage. "Oliveeeer! I'm going to kill you!" I scream.
My first instinct is to pull the mask from my face but as I do, pain rushes through my head and it feels like I am about to rip my skull off.
"Don't do that. It is bolted to your skull. And Oliver left
while ago." Zao's voice invades my ears.
"What did you do?!" I scream.
"A way for you not to use your pretty eyes on anyone." He sits a few feet away from me with a hand mirror pointed at me. I catch a glimpse of myself. That silver-decorated mask is plastered on my face and blood stains my temples where the mask was bolted to. "Are you crazy! YOU SON OF A B*TCH!" I scream and rush him.
When I am about to reach him, I am stopped and choked by the chains around my neck.
"What do I do with you now?" He gets up and paces around me. "It does not seem to me like you would submit to me so making you my whore would be a mistake."
As he says this, one of his men walks past me arriving to give Zao some papers.
"The whore house is going good as planned."
"Good, good..."
The man looks at me. "Who is this, father?"
"A willful young lady, Chen."
"Hmh...for the whore house?" Chen asks.
Zao looks at me and shakes his head. "You are not whoring material, that much I can tell my dear. Mhm...I think I have a better place for you. You are a fighter...which is perfect."
As he says this, I cling to my urge to fight my way out. So when Chen turns from me-giving me his back-I jump on his back and wrap the chain that is connected to me around his neck. I start squeezing as I stare directly at Zao. "I will kill him!" "Do it." He says looking calm.
"You...you don't care?"
"No." I am surprised at how serious he is. I can tell that he means it.
"Let me go." I say.
"You are going nowhere."
He is not bluffing, he will let me kill this man even if it is his son. In my moment of weakness, Chen throws me over his shoulder and takes the chains off of his neck. He pulls the chain and holds me on my knees facing Zao. It is so tight that I almost can't breathe. Zao strides away as if he has made up his mind. "Take her to the barracks. Let her fight for her keep." He turns to me. "Make me money, and I'll consider giving you freedom. Oh, and if you manage to take that mask off, it will be bolted right back on with extra bolts." "And what if I shift?" I ask.
"Then you'll rip your skull off and if you don't, like I said, we'll bolt it right back on with extra bolts."
"You psycho!"
He swats at me as if he is now bored.
Three more men walk in and between all of them, they drag me out though I give them a hell of a fight until we are outside and I can now see better. This place is like a wooden outpost surrounding a small market village. It has wooden walls with spikes surrounding us and the
tallest building is the one we just came from. The place is muddy and dirty. I can see in the distance big wooden gates that are kept secured with many guards.
I am led to what seems like a market. People about, buying and selling. I realize that it is not as big as I thought it was at first because we soon arrive at the end where there is a giant pit with wooden cages and spikes surrounding the pit.
The men that drag me, deviate to the side where there is a wooden building.
When we go in, there are stairs that lead down to the ground.
We follow them and soon arrive in a place filled with barred cells but these are metal. These bars surround the pit giving you a full view of the space in the middle where from here I can see blood.
The man opens one of the cells and pushes me inside. The cell is not empty, there are three other women in here and they all wear the same white rags that I do.
Beside us there are cells also filled with a few more women and opposite from us, the cells there are filled with men, many of them.
"Let me out! LET ME OUT!"
I scream and run to the guards who close the door right in my face. I touch the bars and they immediately burn me.
Silver.
I turn back to the women who are here with me, holding my hand in pain.
One is indifferent and looks bored until she looks at my face and squints her eyes, the other two look scared.
"What's the deal with you?" The woman that dares talk is tall, has dark skin with a muscular bdy and her hair is long in a ponytail that has many strands of braids. This woman looks like a Greek warrior goddess. Very intimidating.
Giving a few huffs trying to control my anger, I answer her. "Those f**kers bolted this shit on my face!" I shout and look back to where the guards left. "I am going to kill them all." I mutter.
"I'll help you." The big woman says. "Kanda..." She says and then points to one of the other women. "That is Lia and that one...I have no idea, she doesn't speak to anyone." A moment ago she was staring at me but now the unknown girl lies with her back to us. "I can only assume that you are not human to have survived what they did to you." Kanda says.
"No." I shake my head. "Is anyone here human?"
She nods. "A few. They don't stand a chance in the pit unless they have had training."
"The pit?"
I am sure she is talking about the obvious pit we are sitting on but I want her to explain more.
She points to the open area in the middle of the pit. "It is like an arena where we are pinned against each other and fight to the death."
"Are you serious?!" She nods and I believe her.
"What the hell is this gladiator shit! We are not part of those primitive times! You savage bastards!" I turn and scream at the guard who walks by. He hits the bar of the cells as he walks trying to quiet me down.
"What is this place? Why are we here?"
"We are here for the amusement of disgusting men." Kanda says.
"Is there a way to get out of here? Have you tried?"
"Of course we have tried, there is no way unless you die."
"How long have you been here?"
"A month or so. Those two have been here for a week."
She motions to Lia the unknown girl.
"And you have all fought out there?"
"Only I have. It is random. Depends on who the crowd wants to see that day."
"This is so...wrong."
"Well' too bad there puppet!"
A man says from behind me. A guard. "It's grub time!"
He starts putting trays with nasty-looking food through the bottom parts of the bars. He gets close to me and smiles. "Eat up you. You'll be fightin' tomorrow."
"I what?"
"Ya heard me." He says.
I look at Kanda. "I can't fight!"
"Well, you have no choice. They will most likely pin you against another female so eat up, rest, and save your strength."
I have no choice but to do as she says. Through all this, the pounding in my head has not stopped. I try to sleep that night but it is impossible. I can't believe this is what has happened. All I can think about is Colt. Colt...where are you?
###Chapter 60
There is the clanging of weapons and people walking about. It was a horrible night with people snorir headache that I still had and the damn smell of bodily fluids, blood, piss, and shit.
The pain in my head has gone down just a bit but the side of my temples where the bolts dig into the I grab a little stick I find on the floor and slide it in through the top where I scratch and sigh with relie A girl from the cell next to us comes close to the bars. She leans on them with her arms through them the silver on the bars doesn't seem to hurt her. She has blond platinum hair but the dark roots are alr Her dark eyes examine me with curiosity. "What's with the mask?" She asks.
I shrug. "I don't know."
I have no intention of telling anyone about who I am.
"F**kers don't know what else to do to make this shit show more interesting." Kanda's voice echoes.
Behind me, opposite from the bars that face the arena, there is a stone wall with a door that leads to by to see and those who are stuck in the same cell. That is where Kanda speaks from as she sits on it "Mh, looks stupid if I am honest. Wouldn't want to be stuck with something like that on my face. Can't "Yeah, I can even see your ugly toasted hair from here." I reply.
She smiles. "Touché." She touches her hair. "Washing day is in four more days. So I have no choice." "How long have you been here?"
"Sheril has been here even since before I arrived." Kanda says walking out of the latrine room.
"You've fought?" I ask Sheril.
"Yep." She responds.
"You are human."
"Yep."
"Have you been against other humans only?"
"Nope."
"Then...how-"
"Am I still alive?" She finishes my sentence.
I nod.
"I'm a hunter and a damn good one."
I look around feeling a bit confused about all of this.
"How...who are all these people and how and why are they here?"
men in the other cells started arguing too, waking everyone up. And even if that wasn't happening, I was not going to be able to sleep with the splitting
re tender. At least it stopped bleeding but my dilemma is that the top bridge of my nose itches...and it is inside the mask.
ooks comfortable as if she has been here for a long time. Always visit FindNovel.net for more updates and novels. I can only assume she is not a werewolf since an inch long on the top of her head. Her hair is curly but looks crunchy, stiff, and dirty. Her light skin is covered in dark dust and I also can see some bruises.
tiny pit latrine. It has a concrete slab with a hole in the middle of it where you sit and do your business. There is no door so it is opened for whoever walks see your eyes? Can you see from that?" The blond girl says.
ees.
"The majority here are rogues but there are many others who are normal people and creatures who have been caught, kidnapped, or sold." She throws a nod at me. "What is your story?" "Sold." I say. "You?"
"Same. Someone in my hunter's guild got pissed that I was doing too good of a job and was having recognition. So, they took me out of the board game." She suddenly looks pissed. "When I get my damn hands on him I swear..." She stops and takes deep breath. "Breakfast!" A guard shouts as a few other guards start sliding trays in with food.
I wanted to keep the conversation going because I wanted to ask Kanda about herself. She smells different even in between all these other nasty smells, I can smell her scent and it is different from humans and werewolves, just like that girl that keeps sleeping though they have different scents.
Putting my questions aside, we eat and even the no-name girl who was cuddled up in the corner joins in.
"When do these games start?"
I ask as we eat.
"Late afternoon when the sun is starting to go down."
Kanda says. "So relax all that you can, we might not live after tonight."
That does not make me relax one bit.I spend the day sitting and watching people. There is not much to do after all and everyone else does the same or talks with each other until early afternoon when we are taken out. We are chained and led to the market area. Kanda doesn't seem bothered by this so I can assume that we are safe for now. We are taken to two cages in the middle of the market not far from the cages that we spent the night in. Those that are fighting are put in these two giant cages and displayed to the public.
"This is one of the new ones that will be fighting today.
Number one hundred and thirty-three." A guard says, showing me off.
The men and women stare at me as if I were an animal in a zoo. It goes like this all day.
Random people come and look at us as if we were items to be bought and start making bets about who they think is going to win. I hate it.
If there was a clock here, I would be staring at it nonstop but the sun going down in the distance could be counted as the same thing. The anticipation is killing me and soon, guards are walking around looking scattered. A few of them walk in front of our cell and open it. "Persian Princess, come."
One of the guards holding a list in his hand says pointing at me.
"Persian princess? What the f**k?"
"They are big on gimmicks. I am the Nubian Pharaoh."
"Stop talking!" We are all taken out and shackled on our hands and legs as they continue to call by these weird titles.
This is so stupid and all I want to do is punch the smirk out of these men's
faces. In the big cell next to us, they take some of them out and they are also called stupid names. This is just ridiculous.
We are taken to two big rooms deep in the arena, more like big cages. The women are put in one room and the men in the other.
When we are unshackled, the girls start to look through the armor and weapons in the room, picking and choosing what they want to use.
Only me and one other girl stand there watching. She looks at me and seems scared.
"What are we supposed to do?" She asks.
"I take it you are new here too?"
She nods. "I'm Musa."
"Musa, I'm Cass...or apparently, The Persian princess." I roll my eyes. "I guess we are supposed to choose our gear?"
I should be scared like this poor girl but I am not. I am angry. I shouldn't be here, none of us should. This is bullshit!
I stride to the armor area.
There are so many metal armor and they look heavy.
I won't be able to move in these. I don't know who I am fighting but my best bet would be to rely on my speed and this will not do. I move behind the rack of armor and see the leather pieces. I quickly take a leather padded chest armor and leather padded pants. Then I go to the boot area-which would be the shoe area but all they have are boots so the boot area-and pick something that fits me.
After putting everything on, I look around and see Kanda has a huge double-sided axe. She swings it in the air with skill. Sheryl swings a metal spear around with ease making it seem easy and they don't look scared at all.
I look at the weapons, from different types of swords to flails, hammers, and sickles. There is a good variety to choose from.
But I have not trained with weapons. Victor was training me with my fists and b*dy first but it would be stupid to go out there unarmed.
I eye the daggers. They are curved and shaped with an embroidered hilt and a few yellow gems. The metal is shiny as if they have not been used at all. I think that I could use these as I would my fists. I feel like a sword would require much more skills and I have none with it so I choose the daggers.
I give a few swings. I like how light they are and I can easily maneuver them.
This will do.
We can hear a crowd outside now cheering. All the girls start to huddle in front of the door where you can look out through a small square opening that also has iron bars.
"That is a lot of people." Musa mutters with a jittery voice but she is right. I take a look and I am surprised to see so many.
"They imprison us and make us fight to entertain those bastards. This is ridiculous!"
"Keep that fire for when you are out there." Sheryl says. "I won't go easy on you."
"Wait, will we fight each other?" Musa asks.
"Most likely."
"It depends on that f**ker
Zao's mood. He calls the shots." Kanda says.
Just great. I look at her and notice the golden crown on her head, like a circlet but it has a snake coming out in the middle. "What are you wearing?" I ask her.
"Oh, this thing, Zao wanted me to wear it to tie the whole Pharaoh thing. To enhance the gimmick thing."
"Oh."
What a weird man.
We suddenly hear the stinging and bussing sound of a mic.
"Ladies and gentlemen. Are you ready for tonight's entertainment?!"
The crowd screams.
"Yeeeess!"
"Today we have the females versus the men! A battle of the s*xes!"
We all look at each other.
"We are going against the men?" The girls whisper.
"They sometimes do this." Kanda says.
The announcer continues.
"Who will win tonight!? Will it be the women?!
The crowd-which mostly consists of men-boo and put their thumbs down.
"Will it be the men?!"
The crowd goes wild cheering and clapping.
"Then leeeeet's begin!"
A guard abruptly opens the door and his eyes skim the room. There are only seven of us.
"You-" He points at Musa.
"Start it off."
"What?!"
"Go! You are first!"
"NO! Please no!" She shouts.
"Hey! Leave her alone!" I shout but immediately the man points a gun at me and a few more guards rush in. I back away knowing that it is probably not a normal bullet in that gun. They take Musa by the arm and pull her out of the room as she screams closing the door behind him. "Don't be a hero. You won't live long here." Sheryl says, giving me a pat on the shoulder.
"And we are starting off people!" We hear the announcer. "The Blue Snake against the newly arrived Sprite. But I have to say it folks, I don't see a good outcome for this tiny woman. The Blue Snake has three wins already."
The girls huddle at the door trying to watch but I just can't. This is so unfair. If they are pining us against men, they should make it even at least. Soon all I hear are the agonizing screams of Musa.
Then she makes one last gurgling sound and that is it.
The crowd cheers.
It disgusts me and pisses me off beyond belief.
"We have a winner! I'm sure many of you weren't expecting any less!" Says the announcer.
The door opens and guards walk in again. Two of the girls scurry behind the others as the man skims the room just as he did before. His eyes land on me and my heart starts to beat fast.
###Chapter 61
"Nubian Pharaoh, you are up."
Kanda-who stands next to me-grabs her huge axe and walks toward the guard.
I finally feel like I can breathe again.
"You better win, shifter. I put some pretty penny down on you." The guard tells her.
She gives him an unbothered look as she walks out.
The guards close the door behind her and we rush to the small opening to watch-including me. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."He called her shifter, she's not a werewolf." She smells nothing like a werewolf.
"Girl, there are different kinds of shifters." Sheril says.
"Werewolves are the most predominant ones but there are also werebears and werecats. Kanda is one of those last two. Never seen her shift though so I don't know which it is. "Oh. I didn't know that."
"Zao likes collecting rare people. To him, we are like animals.
The piece of shit.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we have one of my personal favorites. The Nubian Pharaoh. She'll be going against the One-eyed Tiger. Two seasoned champions. This is going to be good." All I can see is just a bit small part of the pit. "I can't really see much from here."
"Yeah, we can only get glimpses from the fight."
Suddenly we hear the crowd cheering. The fight has
started. I can hear the sounds of metal clashing together.
I get glimpses of Kanda and the man fighting. This fight lasts much longer than the one with poor Musa.
From time to time, the crowd roars which I can only assume is when one of the fighters is near death. I can hear groans and grunts as the sound of sword fighting continues. It feels like an eternity when finally the announcer speaks.
"And there you have it! We have a winner! What show!"
I hold my breath waiting to see if they announce it but soon the door rattles and the guards walk in. They push Kanda in who has a few wounds but is alive and kicking. "You did it!" I cheer.
She smiles. "Definitely broke a sweat there but I made it."
"Enough! You!" The guard takes one of the other two girls by the arm and pulls her. "Your turn."
"Oh God! I am not ready!
Please!" She shouts but he drags her out of the room.
Needless to say, that fight ends quickly and she never comes back.
My heart pounds as I wait for the guards to come back but they don't.
"It is break time. After three fights, they take a thirty-minute break." Kanda says as she wraps her wounds in bandages.
"I'm going to die!" The last girl says.
I sit in a corner away from everyone trying to calm myself. There is only three of us left; me, Sheril, and this petrified girl.
Damit! What am I going to do? I had a bit of fighting training with Victor but, is it enough? Who will I go up against?
I touch my face. It is warm until my hands go further up and I touch cold metal.
These people are crazy. Look at what they did to me. I am not sure that even Father would have thought of something like this.
...Father. Oliver killed him. I can't deny that I feel sadness for the sadistic bastard. He deserved what he got but still...he was my father. I do wish I could have gotten to know more about him.
I think of Colt and how much I miss him. Is he looking for me? I am sure he is. I wish he would find meright now but that is just wishful thinking. I know I am going to fight. The question is, will I survive?
The guard suddenly rushes in. He points at me and throws me something which I quickly catch. "Put that on. Alpha Zao wants to see that on you."
"What...is it?" I ask standing up.
"A mask? I don't know!" He says with anger.
I look at it and it is a tasseled nose and mouth mask. The dangling tassels are made with rhinestones and the bottom part curves into a v-shape that frames my jaw and chin when I put it on.
This is obviously just for looks because it does nothing else. Honestly, it gets in the way when I move and the strands flail around making beaded noises.
"Now come."
I gulp and slowly walk out.
"Good luck!" Kanda says still tending to her wounds. They lock the door behind me and lead me to the field.
I am surrounded by a small mass of people. This is nothing like the Colosseum I have seen on TV from Rome. It is small and made out of wood but it looks dangerous. There are pikes sticking up everywhere from the walls. I am sure that it is so that we don't try to escape. In the crowd, I spot someone who looks familiar but from here, I can't quite make out where I have seen him.
I wonder if my mind is paying tricks on me.
The thing that suddenly really catches my attention is the fresh pool of blood on the sandy floor. I can also see the bloody drag marks of when they dragged the bodies away. I try to cover my nose-though the damn mask won't let me-the smell of the blood is strong.
In front of me, the guards bring a man tall, bald with a scar across his face, and one of his eyes is white. I can only assume he can't see from it. The man bares his teeth at me with a nasty smile.
"What a pretty little thing you've brought me." He mutters to the guards.
The man holds a huge axe who effortlessly rests it on his shoulder.
"Well here is a treat ladies and gentlemen..." The announcer says.
I have no idea why he mentions ladies when there are only men here.
"Here we have one of our veterans, The Caspian Rogue against our very new Persian Princess."
I roll my eyes. This is just so ridiculous.
Did he say, Rogue? How in the world am I supposed to take this man down without shifting?
I notice that he has a collar with spikes that go inward towards his neck and now thinking about it, Kanda and a few others have it too though theirs was smaller because they were all smaller in statue than this man. I can tell that if he shifts, those spikes will kill him.
I see. So Zao doesn't want us to shift. They didn't put one of me and I am sure that it is because of the mask.
My eyes find Zao at the top of the wooden stadium. He talks with some men and has a smile that pisses me off.
This is all just a f**king game to him. This man is third on the list of people I hate. Ezra is first and Oliver is second.
The guards let us go and run away. Suddenly, the Caspian f**ker swings the big axe at me. I was not ready for it but somehow I barely managed to doge going backwards.
The axe hits the ground, lodging itself on the muddy sand.
People in the crowd roar with excitement.
As the huge man tries to take the axe back with both hands trying to use his strength, I swing my daggers and slice his arm up. He immediately pulls away but with that momentum, he manages to take the axe with him and swings the axe at me. I twirl around, dodging the close encounter with the sharp metal.
As I had intended, I rely on my speed which works well against this man. He has a heavy weapon and is much bigger so he is slow but one hit is all he needs to get me. I dance around him trying to stay far away from his weapon.
Thank you, Victor. Those lessons did come in handy. I would not have been able to last this long if not for what he taught me.
At first, the cheering of the crowd was a distraction but soon I find myself forgetting about it and concentrating on the fight.
This man continues to swing the axe and I continue to doge it but then he does something I do not expect. As he swings the axe, he lets it go. The axe flies a few feet away but now with his bare hands, he grabs me by the hair and then he swings his other hand and hits me on the chest, making me fall and hit the ground. It takes all of my air out and my daggers fly from my hands.
As I try to find my breath, the man swings his giant foot and plasters it on my chest.
He puts his whole weight on me and it almost feels like he is going to crush my chest in.
As if he has won, he puts his arms up in victory, and the crowd screams with excitement. My chest starts to hurt and I can feel he is about to break some bones.
I am very surprised when from nowhere, Sheril appears and kicks him in the chest. He staggers back and finally, I can breathe.
The crowd goes wild.
"Suprise my people!" The announcer says. "It is a fight of two against two. Enter Lady Death for the female team and another new recruit for the male team, The Chieftan."
As he says this, Sheril immediately offers me her hand which I take. She lifts me up and motions to the other new contestant running in.
Two against two. The crowd goes crazy.
Sheril swings her spear at the Caspian guy I was fighting.
I look at the man who is rushing in our direction with every intent to hurt us.
If I think about it too much, I will psych myself out.
I grab my knives and rush the man that runs in our direction. He is smaller than Caspian-I am sure that is not his name but I don't know it so that is what I call him. The man has momentum but so do I. I jump in the air with knives at the ready-which he was not expecting- and wrap my legs around his waist, then I start stabbing him on the shoulders, n*ck, and back where my hands reach. The man has no time to do
anything, he holds his bleeding n*ck-where I sliced at the jugular, and just like that, he falls on the ground with me on him. I get up and do not look at him. I know that if I do, it will haunt me for the rest of my life...I just deliberately killed a man.
The crowd started booing me instead of cheering which I don't really give a shit about but it does confuse me.
I look back and see Sheril locked in battle with Caspian. Shutting all my emotions, I stride towards them, looking for an opening and when I find it, I dip in and lodge my knife into Caspian's back. This surprises him and distracts him enough. He reaches back with his hands trying to grab the knife that is still stuck on him. Sheril takes advantage of this and immediately digs her spear into his chest.
Caspian stumbles back and then falls to the ground, dead. Some cheer and some boo us.
"What a twist!" The announcer cheers.
Sheril and I are ushered back to the barracks by the guards.
"Damn. Good job." Kanda says. "You live to fight another day."
As she says this, the guards take the girl that is left but she doesn't go quietly. She screams and stomps as they drag her.
"Thank you." I say to Sheril.
"That brute had me."
"You have luck on your side, girl. This is the first time that they do a two against two."
I don't know how lucky I really am, I mean being in this kind of position does not seem so lucky to me but if that out there was luck, then I'll take it. However, I killed man. He probably had no choice but to fight too and maybe he didn't even want to. I took his life do easilyand now...this will haunt me.
###Chapter 62
-Colt's
Pov-
"They don't have her in the pack." Beck says.
"Are you sure?!"
"Yes. We immediately set up surveillance when we arrived, a few hours after he attacked us. He returned yesterday to his pack and was only with his men.
"Yesterday? That is three days after he took her."
"He must have taken her somewhere else."
"But where!?" I punch the table.
Beck shakes his head. "I do not know but...he brought more men with him. Many more than what he had before."
"Ezra. He must have given her to Ezra and he paid him for it." James says. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."We don't know that for sure." Victor says. "But it makes sense! He said that Ezra had offered him a deal." I say.
"We have been watching Ezra since before Oliver betrayed us. There has been no new activity with him. He might not even know of what has happened." Says Garret. "But there is a possibility that you are right. However, they could have her somewhere else and not in the pack itself."
"Keep an extra watch on Ezra and Oliver but now I want you to focus on what is at hand. We attack the river backs tonight." Victor says.
There is nothing that I can do now. I feel so useless. She needs me and here I am unable to help her. It had marked her, I might have had a chance to find her, to sense her. But no, we had to play these f*****g games!
"So we are coordinating two attacks at the same time?"
Archie-the beta -says.
Victor nods. "Yes. We have enough men to do this and easily overpower them."
"But this leaves our own pack defenseless." Old man Rodrick says.
Garret nods. "I know. It is a risk but one they do not expect. If we take one pack first, then the other pack will be alerted. Ezra will use this to his advantage, having that pack join him. If we take them both out, it will be a huge blow to Ezra's alliance." Victor nods. "Alright. I trust you." He looks at me. "Will you be joining us? We need everyone we can ge
I close my eyes and nod. "I will."
All I really want to do is focus on finding Cass but I don't know where to even start. Is she even alive?
I shake my head and will myself not to think that.
Honestly, if it was left to me, I would attack Oliver first but then we would be opened to the river pack's attack who are much closer to us and have attacked before. So I guess that this is the best course of action.
When the meeting is over, I go to the parlor where I indulge myself with a drink.
I feel a gentle hand on my shoulder. Startled-I did not sense anyone walking in-I turn around.
"Hey." Julia says.
I look at her with confusion.
"I thought you were going to be taken away?" I ask her.
"Well with the pack being under attack, they let me stay. So now we are at war with Alpha Oliver too?"
"Yeah. I am pretty sure that man is crazy. What he did to us did not come from a sane person."
"What if all the packs suddenly turn against us?"
She asks.
"That would be problematic."
"Maybe then I'll get to stay."
I look at her trying to see what are her intention to say this.
"I really don't want to go, Colt."
"You should have thought about that before you did what you did."
"What do you expect? I love-"
"STOP! You stop right there!
I don't want you and I never will! Get that through your damn head!"
She looks surprised and distraught. "Why are you saying this?"
"Because I was too nice before! And I am tired of the way you are acting. Grow up! You are not a child and you can't have everything you want just because you want it! I am not and will never be yours." "You don't have to be so cruel!" She gets up and runsout crying.
"Yes, I do. Maybe you'll get it through your head now." I mutter.
I am pissed and maybe I took it out on her but it needed to be said.
"I'd say you handled that pretty well." Dash says
walking in. "She's a crazy one too. Do you think there is something in the water?"
I have no desire to engage in conversation at the moment.
I just turn around and ignore him.
He sits next to me also drinking and stays quiet. My sister and brother now walk in.
Bryn stomps towards me with the sign-up that reads. "If Cass doesn't come back, will I stay like this forever?!"
"It depends. As long as she is...alive..." My eyes widen. "If you can't talk, it means that she is still alive!"
I have to confirm this so I leave them, rush upstairs, and barge into Alpha Warrick's room.
"Colt! What are you doing?!"
Lotus shouts at me having startled her.
"I am sorry but I need to know something."
Warrick opens his eyes. The bastard is still alive and doesn't seem to want to die.
It has been three days since the Doctor said that he might not survive the night but here he is. Though I have to admit, he is not looking any better.
"If Cass...if she was dead, would that mean that anyone who was under her power would be released from that control?"
"You...want to know that if I die, you would all be released from my power?"
"Yes, but it's not about you. I... I need to know if she is alive. I need to know that Cass is alive...please..."
He stares at me for a moment and then nods. "If I were to die, you would all be released of my control and power. So it is the same for her."
Hope rises inside of me. She is alive and as long as my sister can't talk-as bad as it sounds- I know she will be alive.
I give Warrick a nod. "Thank you. She is still alive."
"Good. Get her back." He says and then closes his eyes again.
"You got what you need now let him rest." Lotus waves me away.
Feeling just a bit better, I walk out and get ready for tonight.
Just wait my love. Once we are done with this, we'll go after Oliver and find out what he has done with you.
Night comes and the battle starts. We attacked and they were not expecting us this night but they were still prepared.
"Put him down!" I shout.
The men around me fight to get to an enemy who wields a fucking Gatling gun. Yes, a fucking Gatling gun! He already put a few of my men down but now he has to reload.
"Get to him before he finishes!"
I slash at an enemy who tries to come at me, getting him right in the throat. When the man falls, my eyes go back to my men who run as fast as they can and as the man finishes and is about to start his assault, they swarm him like rabid dogs and rip him apart. This damn pack is small but they have a few things that help them against us like that gun. They had two of those but Garret's men already took out the one on the other side of the field. Soon after that, Garret and his men disappeared inside the enemy's pack house. "Lend me a hand here mother fucker!" Beck shouts in my direction.
I grin as I punch a man, taking him to his knees. "You can't handle it?" I yell Back.
He is far away but I can hear him perfectly.
"My men were the front line!
Half of them are gone, asshole!" Beck breaks a man's neck and goes to the next one.
"You'll be fine! Retreat and hold the back line. I'll handle the rest here!"
He gives me a nod and he and what is left of his men fall back.
Most of our men are shifted but Generals stay in human form to be able to give orders unless there is no reason to.
Within a few minutes, Garret comes out of the pack house dragging the Alpha's body with him. He throws the body at the ground and gives a growl that gets everyone's attention.
"Your Alpha is dead! You belong to the Dark Fand Pack now! Submit!"
The enemy-taken by surprise-look at each other and then immediately some start to kneel. But not all of them do.
"Submit, or die. It is that simple!" Garret announces.
And with that, the rest follow.
With this win, it means the Dark Fang territory has expanded because it is right next to our own territory.
Unfortunately, this is not a good thing. Many will take this to be a dangerous move and not to mention that Victor is attacking the pack that is right next to this one right now so that is twice the territory gain in just one night.
Thia was a win and just how Garret predicted. This is why he is the main practitioner. He is good.
It takes us all day the next day to get our affairs in order and head back to the main pack house to have a meeting. This time, Garret puts a different plan in motion. We need these men to be loyal to us but we can't take them with us because it is a whole two packs. We don't have the space for them. And if we left them with their word only, they could go back to Ezra for help. Usually what would happen is that Warrick would command them to be loyal but we can't do that a the moment.
So Garret thought it would be a good idea, to take two family members from every family in the packs and take them to our pack as an incentive. If they step out of line, their family members will be killed. It sounds bad but I understand how well this will work. They took mostly women and children. If I was seeing all of this from the outside, I would definitely consider us to be the bad guys.
He did tell them that once this war is over and they have done their part, their family members will be given back.
Now back at the pack, I wait as Victor and Garret report what happened in each battle and I have to say, I do not feel very patient but I have no choice, I wait. When finally they are done and now start talking about our next move, that is when I chime in. "Oliver is next, right?"
Victor looks at me and then nods. "Yes. Alpha Oliver is next. He is going to pay for what he did and then...then we'll get our Alpha back."
Our Alpha...my Angel. We are coming for you next.
###Chapter 63
I stand on a table in the middle of a dining hall. A huge room with multiple dining tables. My wrists and ankles are in shackles.
Kanda, Sheril and the other contestants that won stand with me also shakled. They took us here directly after the fight. I can tell Kanda is having a hard time standing since she is hurt but she does her best. We are displayed like trophies for Zao's amusement. There are all manner of people here.
Some look-and act-like savages, others look like well-established people.
They told us not to speak or we would be punished but...since when has punishment stopped me from speaking my mind?
The people here come around to our table to get a good look at us.
"Not a scratch on him..." One of the spectators mutters looking at one of the men that stands with us.
A big chunky round fellow steps in front of Kanda with a big smile. His big round rosy ch*eks pucker up. "My Nubian goddess! You made me so much money today!" Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.The man is excited and in a very good mood. He holds cup up and nods at Kanda, and then he drinks.
"I was not expecting a double team. It was quite exciting."
Two men speak looking at Sheril and then at me.
"How long do we have to stay like this?" I whisper to the girls.
"They will get us back soon, especially because Kanda and one of the guys are hurt. Just hold on a bit longer."
I am not sure I can hold on, I am about to explode on these people. They are disgusting for what they are doing here.
"At least we are not them."
Sheril says looking at the poor women who were brought to entertain the men in a more s**ual way-also prisoners and among them is Lia, the girl from our cell.
Two men suddenly stand in front of me. They look up at me, studying me.
"What a curious sight."
"Indeed. The mask makes her...mysterious. She looks dangerous. I like it."
"You like it?" I ask.
"Oh yes..." He responds. "I wonder what those eyes look like."
"Why don't you come closer? End your curiosity." I slowly lean down. Tempted, the man gets closer.
"Can you see?" I ask him.
"No. It is just dark."
"Get closer."
The moment he does, I swing my head down and hit him with the metal mask right on the nose.
Oh, it hurts me too but not as much as it does him. He pulls back with his hand on his bloody nose.
"How mysterious am I now?!"
I shout.
One of the guards swings a stick that looks like a baton and hits me on the back. It hurts but it is not the worst that I have taken.
I hear Zao laugh along with a few men near him.
"I told you all not to get too close. They bite."
"Dumb ass. Sticking his hand in a cage filled with rabid dogs." The voice is familiar and quickly brings my blood to a boil.
Oliver stands in front of me.
He holds a cup up with a stupid smile. "That look is good on you."
He is right...I suddenly feel like a rabid animal.
"So you are back?" I ask with clenched teeth.
"I am. Couldn't resist to watch you fight."
This man has no idea how much in danger he is. If I were loose, I'd kill him on the spot. I suppose I can still hurt him though.
Without giving it a second thought, I jump on him. My shackled hands go around his neck where I hold him in place and sink my teeth into the first thing I can find. As I do this, he turns his head and I bite his ear off. Literally, when I am pulled away by the guards, half of his ear is in my mouth. He screams and holds his side, watching me spit the chunk of meat on the ground.
"I WILL KILL YOU!" I scream.
Zao claps and laughs.
"You need to cage her!"
Oliver shouts at him and the people around him that also laugh.
"What did you expect would happen?" Zao asks. "You spoke of that man sticking his hand in a cage filled with rabid dogs but you entered the cage that you put her in." Zao claps again. "Take them back." Unlike the others, I have to be pulled and carried away because all I want to do is get my hands on Oliver.
I don't calm down until we are taken to the barrack rooms to change back into our white rags, and then we are taken back to our cells.
"This can't stand. We need to get out of here!" I start to feel a desperate need to escape. It has just been a few days but I feel like Colt and the others will never find me.
This makes me feel sick to my stomach.
And how am I going to survive another fight? I was lucky in this one. If Sheril hadn't shown up when she did, I would have been dead.
"We've all tried. It is nearly impossible."
"There has to be a way."
"You are just going to make them angry." Kanda says resting on a piece of rag on the floor.
"Let them be angry." I mutter.
Sheril leans on the bars of the cell next to ours. "Mike Tyson over here doesn't give a shit. You can tell that much and I'm with her." Kanda laughs and then I think bout it and laugh too.
"Dude, your kind can heal but you can't regrow body parts. He's going to be walking around with half an ear for the rest of his life." Sheril says and starts laughing.
That night, I sleep just a tiny bit better knowing that Oliver is going to remember me for the rest of his life every time he looks in a mirror.
In the morning I am filled with sadness. I miss Colt. I miss waking up with him.
We are not mates but I have a bond with him nonetheless. I love that man and I miss him so much.
My thoughts start going to a dark place, wondering if I'll ever see him again. If I never do, will he ever know what happened to me? Will he look for me until he gives up hope? Will he miss me?
I quietly cry in the corner hoping no one notices.
The next two days are filled with mostly rest and sickness. The food here is horrendous. And rest is all we can do in these cages. I guess you could say that we are a bit lucky to be in this particular cell because from where we are, I can see the market so it is just a bit entertaining. It is always filled with people, even at night. Many of the people also come to see us. It is like we are animals in a zoo.
I still can't get used to the food they give us. I am always feeling sick. It tastes disgusting.
"What are they doing?" I ask Kanda, watching two guards going around the cells with a clipboard in hand.
"They are choosing who is fighting again tonight."
"Again?! So soon?!"
My stomach turns.
When they get to our cell, one of the guards points to the girl who sleeps in the corner. All she does is sleep, eat, and shit. She doesn't converse with us and I don't even know her name.
"That one has done nothing for weeks. Put her on the list." The guard then looks at Kanda and then at me. "They will fight too."
"What?!" I shout. "Me too?!"
"Yes!" The guard yells and walks off.
No...not again...I suddenly visualized the fight I was in. I start to feel hot and shaky.
"I...I don't......." I turn around and run to the latrine where I empty the contents of my stomach.
Lia pats my back. "It's okay. Breath. You did it once, you can do it again."
"That was luck. If Sheril hadn't been thrown in, I would have been dead."
Victor's lessons also save my life. I sit against the wall and wonder how they are all doing. My life suddenly did a one-eighty and completely changed again after I had gotten used to my father and his pack. Now I'm here.
I close my eyes and take a deep breath.
I survived all these years. I survived a raging river as a child that killed my mother. I survived a pack that hated me and nearly killed me many times. I survived my father and stood up to him and his cruelty. I can survive this too, I must.
I touch the sides of my head.
The bolt wounds have healed. They don't hurt anymore. I can't even feel it and I have gotten used to the mask and my limited vision.
"Kanda, where are you from anyway?" I ask her, looking for conversation.
"Kenya. I was part of a pack near a city called Nairobi."
"Pack...what... are you?"
"A werecat. We are very different you and I...our kind. All we have in common is that we can shift and heal fast. Our packs consist of only five to ten people. We are not as strong as your kind-though we are still strong-but we are very fast and agile. Our bodies can twist in ways that yours can't."
I nod. This is all very interesting.
"How did you end up here?"
"Our pack was attacked by poacher hunters."
"Poacher?"
She nods.
"Hunters who hunt supernatural beings for the sport of it and what they can gain. I was brought here and sold. I don't know what happened to the rest of my pack."
"Don't confuse them with us."
Sheril says. "Our hunter society is there to preserve peace between all of us.
When we hunt, it is usually those who have gone crazy on a killing spree. At least that's what usually happens."
The guards suddenly stand in front of us again but this time with Zao.
"This one?" The guard points at Kanda.
"Yes." Zao says. He leans in to speak to Kanda. "I will be taking your metal collar off during the fight so that you can shift. Your kind is rare but I want to give them a taste of wonder. I have powerful people coming to
see the fight tonight. We are putting on a show on this one. If you all play your rolls right, you'll get to dine with us tonight instead of just being displayed."
I roll my eyes watching them leave.
As if that was a reward.
We all decide to rest. I sit leaning on the wall from the latrine watching people come and go, waiting for tonight.
A while later, we are taken to the cages in the middle of the market just like before.
There are so many more prisoners than before. So many of us are fighting.
I am scared, I really am. I don't want to fight someone who knows how to fight because they will probably kill me and I also don't want to fight someone who doesn't because I don't want to kill them. What if is someone like Musa? Her screams still haunt me. I am sure she did nothing to defend herself. She most likely didn't know what to do.
I almost gasp myself out of existence when I see a familiar face in the crowd of the market.
"What the hell? What is it?" Kanda asks startled.
"I know her!" I squeeze my ch*eks through the cell bars.
The mask won't let me go any further but these bars are not silver so they don't hurt me.
"Honora!" I scream.
The closest guard hits the bars with his baton causing me to jump back. I lean back to the bars and notice
Honora-the witch who helped me with my dreams with Ezra-looking in my direction. She heard me. She looks at me with curiosity but I don't think she can recognize me with this mask.
I wave at her but then she is gone. A group of people gets in the way.
"No..."
I desperately look for her but I can't see her anywhere.
"No..." I move around trying to look through the crowd. "No, please...where are you?"
I hit the bars knowing that I lost my chance.
"Who...was it?" Kanda asks.
I turn and slide down the bars, feeling defeated.
"Someone I know..." I whisper.
"You know me?" Someone suddenly whispers from behind me.
I turn to see her.
"Honora!"
###Chapter 64
Who...are you?
"Honora!" I get up and press myself against the bars.
She recoils back and I quickly back away just a bit to not scare her.
"I...know you." She says. "I can feel that power of yours."
I nod. "I'm Cass. We met at your shop when Lotus brought me to you."
"Yes...what in the world are you doing here?" She asks grabbing the bars as if she is checking how sturdy they are.
"I was sold by an enemy Alpha. Can you help me?"
She looks to the side at all the guards and then looks back at me shaking her head.
"How can I help you? I can't directly get you out, I'm just a witch."
"A witch?" Kanda asks sounding amused, listening in to our conversation. "You have magical powers?"
"Well yes but probably not as you think. I can create magical potions and enchant items. Use the power of crystals to help someone heal a disease or help with dreams." She looks at me as she says this. "I don't wield realm-bending abilities as they embellish on books and movies." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.l nod. "I know but you can still help. Tell my pack where I am. I am sure they are looking for me but they don't know I am here."
She slowly nods looking thoughtful. "Yes, I can do that."
I look at her with confusion.
"What are you doing here anyway?"
She looks a bit ashamed now.
"I come here to get ingredients for my potions.
They sell things here that...well....are not sold at other places." She holds up a small rucksack bag. "Kidney stones passed from a human."
My face scrunches in disgust as she nervously smiles. I really hope that the potion I drank from her didn't contain that.
She sighs. "Listen. I will help you but I can't leave now. This place is not open to just anyone and every me am here I am always being watched. Even now. So I have to play this off somehow. Also, my room is already paid for two days, if I were to suddenly try to leave, it would create suspicion, plus now I have to stay for these macabre games."
"Why?"
"I have to take a bet on you now. It would look too suspicious if I just left after talking to you."
Her eyes go to the market. I follow her stare and see a man staring at us.
"See."
I nod.
"Do what you have to and what you can. Please, just make sure that my pack knows."
She nods as she puts her hand on mine holding the cell bar. "I will help you. I helped your mother once. I will not abandon you."
She...helped my mother?
"Also...what is it with that mask?" She asks looking confused.
"Oh...they bolted it onto me because of my power."
"Mh...no fools. But if you manage to take it off, you'd be such a power to be trifled with."
"What?"
"I can seces your power. It is strong though there seems to be a blockage inside of you." She mutters. "Anyway, I will leave in two days and I will go directly to your pack." "Thank you."
She looks at the guards that are near her. "Excuse me, where are bets being taken? I would like to bet on this woman.
Right this way." The guard says and leads her away. She looks back at me giving me a reassuring stare.
I close my eyes and sit, sliding down the bars.
Please, please let this work.
"Well, that is lucky." Kanda says.
I take her hand. "If this works, I am freeing all of us."
She smiles. "I would greatly appreciate it."
About an hour passes and we are brought food but I barely eat. My stomach is in shambles. I feel like I will throw up again. My nerves are getting the best of me. "You need to eat. You need strength for tonight."
"I know, Kanda. I just can't right now." Saying this to her, my attention is drawn by a woman who stands next to a guard. She speaks to the guard and then starts pacing, looking at everyone in the cages.
The reason I am so drawn to her is because I have seen her before. I try my best not to react but I am shocked when I realize that it is Ezra's witch.
She stares directly at me. My fist clenched. If it wasn't because bars are separating us, I'd be tearing her apart right now.
She stares at me and seems intrigued but the guard next to her points to Kanda. "She is the champion with multiple wins under her."
The witch now ignores me and gives her attention to Kanda.
If she is here, then Ezra might be too.
I look around to see if I am right but it is only her.
This place really draws magical beings in.
"What is it?" Kanda asks noticing my change.
"That woman. I don't like her."
"Why?"
"Let's just say that this one is not a good witch."
"Another witch?"
I nod.
"What about this one?" I hear the witch say as she looks at me. "What's with the mask?"
"Our Alpha likes to make things interesting. Basically sew that mask to her face fo the theatrics. She is new and won the last fight."
She stares at me but doesn't seem to recognize me.
I keep a straight face but it is hard to not want to spit at her or something like that. I beg that she doesn't get close because I think I won't be able to resist myself. I'll pull her by the hair and break her neck if I get the chance. "Interesting." She says taking a step closer.
I watch her with intent. Two more steps and I got her.
To my displeasure, as she is about to take another step, the guard leads her away to the bidding table.
I watch her. She makes a bet-I am guessing towards Kanda-and then vanishes.
I curse and now I am in a foul mood. I slide back to my seat and take my plate of food but all I do is move things around, unable to eat.
"What did that woman do to you? You seemed like you wanted to hurt her."
"No, I wanted to kill her."
"Why?"
"That witch helped someone hurt me. Someone who is my enemy and now she works for him."
"I see. Well, you really have some kind of luck. To see two people you know in one day and two witches at that."
"Luck... that's one way to see it. To be honest, my life seems like a big joke sometimes. Like as if someone is pulling the strings on my life and I am just a puppet in it all."
She nods. "Life can feel like that sometimes."
Pushing the plate of food to the side, I cover my nose feeling like I am about to gag.
"Still not feeling it?" She asks.
I shake my head. "No."
I notice her eyes going down to my stomach. She looks back into my eyes and smiles. "If you don't eat, you are going to get sick and then you are really going to start throwing up."
"I'll start tomorrow. Let's just get this day out of the way."
She drops the issue and we spend the rest of the day resting. When the sun is starting to go down, we are taken to the barracks to get ready but half of the women and men are taken to different locations. Which I find strange. "Why were they taken away?"
I ask Kanda.
"They were taken to different barracks. It most likely means that they are our opponents.
"Oh...so you and I won't be fighting each other."
"No."
I had not given this much thought till now. At any moment she or Sheril could be my opponents. I don't think I could hurt them.
I chose the same gear I did before and when I am ready, I sit in a corner waiting for the inevitable.
Kanda on the other hand chooses different gear this time and seems lighter.
"Why are you not wearing your gear?"
"They said I might be able to shift this fight."
"Oh! Right!"
"You should really do something with your hair."
She says walking up to me.
"My hair?"
She nods. "It is long and easy to take advantage of."
"You think so?"
She sits behind me and starts braiding it into one long braid.
"Try this." She says.
"Thank you. It feels much lighter."
She nods with a smile. "You have very beautiful hair."
"You think so? Growing up, I was always made fun of because of my hair."
"Children will be children.
Don't dwell on that."
I like Kanda. She is a really sweet woman though she looks scary because of how tough she looks.
There are two other girls here with us and that includes the girl that always sleeps in our cell.
She doesn't have that blanket over her so now we can see her better. She has straight thin blond hair. She is very pale, small, skinny, and looks frail.
"Hey, what is your name?" I ask her.
She looks at me, startled.
"Maribel." She says.
"Uhm... are you...going to go out like that?" I ask her.
She only wears the white drags we wear every day.
She looks away, shrugs, and then walks towards the weapons.
"Will...she be okay?" I whisper.
"Mh...seems like she doesn't have much will to live."
"That's sad."
We watch as Maribel slides
her hand across the huge long sword. It is almost the same length as her small frame. To our surprise, she picks it up effortlessly but then lets it hit the ground and drags it behind her. "...the girl is... weird."
"What is she anyway? She almost smelled human at some point but now she doesn't. I can't ever really pinpoint what she is."
"Yeah..." Kanda agrees but she also has no idea.
The door suddenly open and many guards walk in, more than usual.
The main guard looks at a paper in his hands and then looks around the room. "You three will be fighting twice...if you survive." He points to me, Kanda, and Maribel.
"What?!" Kanda and I ask.
"You will be opening the game with a three-on-three match. If you survive, you will fight again on single matches tomorrow." "That's ridiculous!" I shout.
"Shut up and walk!"
Maribel started walking after the guard without any complaints, still dragging that huge sword with her. Taking a deep hardy breath, Kanda and I put our special gear on my beaded nose and mouth mask and Kanda her circle. I then follow along with Kanda behind me. We are led to the middle of the arena where the crowd cheers when they see us.
"Ladies and gentlemen, let's start this show!" The announcer starts to speak.
"First we have The Maiden!
This will be her first fight.
Let's see how she fairs."
That must be Maribel.
"Then we have The Persian
Princess! Made her debut last game and won to fight another day! And then our female champion, The Nubian Pharaoh! Undefeated to this day! What a show this will be!"
A guard comes close and takes Kanda's iron collar off. I am glad because this might give us an advantage.
I skim the crowd. Like before, it is not a huge crowd though the stands are filled.
There do seem to be a bit more people this time around. I am happy when I see Honora. She waves at me, and puts her fist in the air mouthing "Win!"
I smile but soon that smile falls when I spot Zao. He stands up there as if he was king and next to him is the witch...with Ezra right by her side.
My heart drops and I stumble almost falling.
###Chapter 65
Suddenly, I am scattered. I
am so in shock that I don't know what to do, say, o think.
"Cass... Cass!" Kanda brings my attention back to her and the fight that is about to start.
"What is wrong? Get your head in the game!" She motions to three men and two women who come out of the opposite barracks.
Five?! We are fighting five opponents?!
The announcer starts presenting them as they walk towards the middle. But before the announcer can present the second man, I hear Maribel whisper
"Human" with a bit of desperation. Maribel suddenly rushes by me and jumps on one of the girls. The girl falls backward with Maribel on her, her mouth latched onto the woman's neck. She...is biting her?
Kanda and I are shocked and so are the other contestants.
The crowd has gone just a bit quieter too excluding some that cheer.
Maribel suddenly stands, leaving the girl dead on the floor. Maribel's lips run red with blood, dripping down her chin and fangs exposed. She wipes her chin trying to get all the dripping blood back in her mouth, licking her fingers with desperation. When her eyes meet mine, they are glowing red.
Everyone is stunned.
"Eh..." The announcer doesn't know what to say.
"A...vampire... ladies and gentlemen...our Maiden is...a vampire." He suddenly cuts off and whispers to someone.
"No one told me we had a vampire." We can still hear him.
Vampire!?
I knew other supernatural creatures were real but I had never seen a vampire. They are rare creatures.
The other female opponent suddenly swings her sword at Maribel. Maribel dodges, picks up her own sword, and starts fighting. She swings the massive sword effortlessly as if it were a piece of plastic and did not weigh a single pound.
I take one last look at Ezra hearing Kanda start fighting too.
He stares down at us.
Does he know it's me?
I can't tell if he does or doesn't. My wolf is itching to get out. I do my best to hold it in. But I suddenly imagine myself somehow climbing up the wall of spikes and jamming my dagger into his chest. That puts me in a good mood even though I am not able to do that. I turn to meet my opponent who rushes in my direction.
I do not want to kill this man but I also don't want to be killed by him.
Immediately I can tell that this is a rogue. He has a sword and quickly swings it. I dance around him, slashing at his back with my daggers. The man grunts but turns around and swings his sword. I am not able to get away fast enough. I get a Victor has really helped. He swings at me and I immediately move.
He slashes his sword sideways and I dodge again. Excitement rushes through me. I am able to keep up. It is like a dance at this point. He continues his assault while I move around him. Suddenly he takes momentum and crashes his sword down at me. I block with one of my daggers and slash with the other at his stomach, opening his abdomen. The man lowers his sword as if he is giving up but I can see that he is just trying to trick me. When he is about to lift it up and swing it at me, I twirl around him and jam my dagger into his back.
The man takes a few steps and falls to the ground.
I was excited that I was able to fight but now I don't feel so good about it. I killed him...I killed a man again...an unnecessary death.
"I...I'm sorry." I whisper.
I don't want to look at him. I know that if I do, it will stay with me forever. Instead, I watch Kanda. She fights the other two men. She already has one on his knees with her weapon impaled on him. When she turns, the other man is shifting. Like Kanda, he does not have a collar.
Kanda also shifts. I am unable to look away. She turns into a big cat like a cheetah but just a bit bigger. Also, her fur is dark but there are some sort of prints on her that I can't make out.
When they are both done shifting, they run at each other and clash. Wolf growls and piercing large cat screeches can be heard in an echo.
The wolf is vicious and tries to bite at her n*ck while she also bites and claws.
Maribel is suddenly next to me also watching. I look back and see the girl she was fighting, impaled with Maribel's big sword.
I come back to Kandas fight.
She is right, they have an agility that we werewolves don't possess. She somehow jumps on his back, latches on to his neck, and with her back legs, she starts kicking down, clawing at him.
If this was a skilled werewolf, he would probably be able to overpower her. But this guy is unable to fight back at this point. She claws at his neck as she holds him and that is it. The fight is over and people cheer
The cheer reminds me how messed up this all is. They are cheering at us for killing. It's disgusting.
"Ladies and gentlemen! We have our winners!"
Kanda shifts back, completely naked while people cheer even louder now.
Giving one last look at Ezra, the three of us head back to the barracks. Kanda and I tend to our wounds but my attention now is on Maribel.
"You are a vampire?" I ask but I am not sure this is true. She has been in the sun with us and has eaten normal food.
If I recall, stories are that she wouldn't be able to do any of that.
"No." She responds.
"Then what are you?" Kanda asks.
"I am a hybrid. Half human, half vampire."
"Oh? What is the difference?" Kanda asks.
Maribel sighs. "I don't require human blood for just survival. Not having blood weakens me but I do not die because of it. I can eat normal foods to help with the weakness-as I have been doing all this time- and the sun does not kill me but it does bother me, burns my skin easily."
"How does one come to be a hybrid?" Kanda asks.
"What stupid question is that? My human mother and my vampire father had s*x, then I arrived."
"So you are immortal?"
"No. Hybrids have a longer lifespan than humans but we age and die after a couple hundred years."
This is all new to me and quite interesting.
We all rest until the game is finally over and we are taken to the dining hall like last
time. Only this time, we are not displayed on the tables. They have put chairs for us on those middle tables along with food but our ankles are still shackled to the table.
"Wait here until the Alpha enters with his guests." The guard says.
"You seem tense." Kanda whispers at me.
I am really scared that this close, Ezra will recognize me if he doesn't know that it is me already. I am not so much worried about my scent. I am sweaty and have not showered for a few days, plus, this whole place always smells. "I'm just tired." I tell her.
The door opens with a loud noise, startling us.
Zao walks in with Ezra and the witch behind him.
"Come. Sit. Enjoy the feast." He says to his gets and then motions to us as he walks.
"Our winners up close." Ezra and the witch stare at us. I do my best to not look so suspicious or nervous.
They go past us and sit next to Zao.
I am surprised. He didn't recognize me. So Oliver really didn't tell him? Of course not. He sold me to Zao instead of handing me to Ezra which is what Ezra would have wanted.
How delightful is this... Zao motions for us to sit. We take our seats and start eating. A few of us are civilized while the rest eat like pigs.
I am glad to have better food but my attention is all on the conversation that starts between Zao and Ezra.
"So do you actively go looking for strong fighters?"
Ezra asks giving us another look.
"Most of these men and women have fallen to my lap on their own at first. Now that I am making money from this kind of entertainment I am actively searching for strong men and women." "I see. It was a great show today. That one in particular.
I have never seen one of her kind."
"Ah, a werecat."
"Sounds almost ridiculous.'
The witch laughs.
"Indeed my dear but they are very dangerous." Zao says.
"And that one is a vampire? To be honest, I didn't think that they were really real."
Ezra says.
"Many don't. They are so rare after all."
He looks at Maribel but I can see that he didn't even know what she was until the fight.
"Is her mask bolted?" Ezra asks.
I know he speaks about me so I keep my attention on my food.
"Yes. A beautiful maiden whose looks can kill."
Oh, goddess! He's going to give me away.
"Part of the gimmick I assume?" Ezra asks.
My mouth becomes so dry that it is hard to chew.
"Yes. It's the allure of it all."
I calm down so much when he says this that I almost pee on myself.
"So it is my understanding that you wish to do some...business with us." Zao changes the conversation.
Ezra nods. "Yes."
"What kind of business?
Before anything, you must understand that I do not do alliances. We are a free-for-all pack. Neutral."
"Mh, I understand that. Our enemy has an endless supply of men. With their latest
win, they almost seem unstoppable."
"Yes, I heard. Two packs taken in one night." Zao says.
Ezra nods looking upset. "The river packs were easy targets but nonetheless, it gives them more numbers."
River pack! Did they attack the river pack? Who is in control? Is it Victor? Is father...dead?
So many questions rush through my head.
"What is this war about?" Zao asks.
"It is a war that has gone on for years. But recently, it is about a woman." Ezra explains.
"History repeats. All great wars have been fought over women. It wouldn't be a war worth fighting for if not. So what exactly is it that you want?"
"Men. Give me a steady supply of men to fight for me. Slaves or whatever you wish to call them."
"Hmh...that's difficult. These men and women don't fight for me. They fight for survival. Given a chance, they will bite the hand that feeds them. They will turn on you."
"The dark fang pack has system to break their captured prisoners, I have my own way to gain loyalty." Ezra smiles and looks at the witch next to him.
Magic.
"And what will you offer us in return?"
"That is something that can be negotiated."
"Well said." Zao says with approval.
Zao looks at the witch next to Ezra.
"I do not believe I have ever had a witch in my fighting pit."
"Well, you'd be disappointed." She says. "We are not very good when it comes to combat. My kind tends to work more behind the scenes."
"I see. So witches would not make for a good show."
The diner continues without us. We are brought back to our cells after changing. I am able to find sleep but I dospend most of the night thinking about Ezra and that witch. How I wish I could get out of here and take them out in the middle of the night. The next morning, I wake up to run to the latrine. I feel like my entrails come out through my mouth as I empty the contents of my stomach.
When I am done, I walk back to my corner only to see Kanda staring at me with a smile.
"What?"
"Congrats, but please make sure that Zao does not notice your condition."
"Condition?"
"Pregnant women here are taken away and are never seen again."
"Pregnant? What are you...me? No, no that's not it.
I'm just...sick..."
She smiles. "Okay...whatever you say..."
...No way...Shit...
###Chapter 66
Is she...is she really saying what I think she is saying?
That can't be...I think back
on the past month and realize...that my period has been late...how stupid can I be?! How did I not real
Oh my-no...this can't be!
Kanda sees the panic on my face.
"What is it?"
"I...no...I can't..."
Not now. Not while I am in here.
"Did you not suspect it at all?" She asks.
"No! I...I've been so out of touch with myself lately. I...I just can't imagine it."
Is this really...real?
I mean...how dumb am I? I know how babies are made so how stupid can I really be?! How did I not think that having constant s*x with Colt would not result in this? Not once did I give protection a thought. I am not sure he even thought about it either. We both have complete chapters for free.I am in deep shock. I am not sure I am ready for this, actually, I AM NOT rea
My thoughts are suddenly consumed by Lauren and how much she wanted to have a child. How she didn't But...what am I going to do? I am in this place...fighting. I even have a fight tonight.
This can't be good for...the baby.
It is so weird to think this. To think that there is a tiny thing growing inside of me.
It feels so...surreal.
I have to get out of here! Now more than ever, I need to get out. But how?
this blissful little bubble. Like two idiots. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the this, to have a...baby. I can't even imagine myself right now going through that.
get to live her dream because of my own mate, or rather the man that was supposed to be my mate.
I can't keep waiting and hoping that Colt will come for me. What if they never do? What if they never fine where I am? What if I die in that damn arena before they can find me?
No. I can't just leave it to someone else.
I find myself looking around. I don't know why or what for but I just am. Unable to see anything that can help, I sit back down but continue to try. My hands slide up to the mask on my eyes. I pull on it but it is tightly stuck on me yet it doesn't hurt anymore. I touch the sides where the bolts are.
"Kanda. What do you think would happen if I ripped this mask off of my face?"
She looks surprised at the question.
"I am not sure. I assume it would be painful."
"Yeah, but do you think I could survive it?"
"Well...I don't know. But with your super healing, it is a huge possibility that you would. That mask does not seem to be silver so your wounds would heal fast. "Unfortionetly not the bone."
I mutter.
I sigh.
It's not like that is going to help much anyway. I can't use this damn power on command.
What is wrong with me? Why can't I use it like I should? Is it normal? I remember Honora saying something about my powers. Could her magic help?
My eyes go down to my stomach remembering that I am...might... be pregnant.
I am in and out of thoughts throughout the day. That is until I hear an unwelcoming voice.
Without thinking, I get up and rush to the corner behind Maribel who again all day sleeps under her blanket, away from the bars.
Ezra and the witch walk in with a few guards greeting them.
I stay away from the bars, close to the wall that is connected to the latrine. It is as far as I can be from him.
There is no way that he won't recognize me if he sees me from close.
"This is entertainment!
Maybe we should build one of these too. Use it for punishment instead of just killing. What do you think, Sienna?"
Hearing him talk about killing makes my blood boil.
He killed Lauren. He killed my sister. And he is just a few feet away from me unaware of who I am. If these bars were not there, I would dismember him right now. "That is a clever idea, my love." The witch-Sienna-says.
Love? So they are screwing each other.
His eyes are set on Kanda. "I want her. a warrior like her in my army would do some serious damage."
"Maybe you could negotiate with Alpha Zao?" The woman says.
"Maybe..." He turns around and now stares at the direction of the fighting pit.
"Imagine it...Sienna. Imagine my brother fighting in here every single day with no hope of ever getting out until one day he is finally killed.
All this while he sees Casseopea next to me by my side."
"By your side? I thought you wanted her dead?" The woman asks.
"I...do. I want them to suffer first. I'd make her my whore until I am tired of her. She'd watch him fight for his life while he would watch her being mine." "Yours?"
"You know what I mean!" He snaps at her.
The delusion on this man.
He is so poisoned by hate and anger. I can relate because I feel the same towards him.
I watch them walk away.
"What is it with you?" Kanda asks.
I think she has been watching me this whole time.
"You know that man?" She asks.
I sit down and nod. "It's a long story."
"Well, it's not like we don't have all day and night here doing nothing."
"Alright, alright."
I tell her my story.
Of course, she is shocked but also now understands my situation.
"So what am I supposed to do now? How can I fight in there knowing that...I am-"
"Just like you have been doing all this time." She cuts me off. "You have to fight, there is no other choice. So you do what you need to do to survive."
I know she is right. But it is so hard now knowing that it is not just about me anymore. My body doesn't just belong to me now. It is housing a living being that relies on me to keep it safe. Kanda suddenly points at Honora who walks towards our cell. She looks at the guard near us before she speaks.
"I had to come see you before I left." Her voice is low.
"You are leaving?"
"Yes. But I couldn't leave just yet. Listen...I told you this before. I could sense a blockage inside of you and I am afraid that it might have been my doing." "What?"
"It has to do with your mother."
"My...mother?"
She nods. "I can't explain right now but, I am leaving you with something. Keep it on you, it will help with your power but it is only temporary."
She gets close to the bars and whispers. "Choke me."
"What?" I am confused.
"Do it."
"You have some weird kinks."
I say and then I rush in and take her by the n*ck but I make sure that I really don't hurt her.
Guards quickly move and pull her away but not before she puts something in my hand.
Hiding it, I put my hand down.
"I'm fine! I am fine!" Honora pushes the guards away.
"Do not get close to the prisoners!" The guard says.
"Yes! I got it!"
She pats her dress and then walks out but outside, she is suddenly apprehended.
"The Alpha wishes to see you." A guard says.
"Me? Why?" Honora panics.
They don't respond and drag her away.
No! Why are they taking her!? Oh no! She's my only hope!
"Kanda!"
"I know." She nods watching as Honora is dragged away.
"What is happening?"
"I don't know." She says.
I sit on the ground with my hands covering my face. I feel hopeless. I then open my eyes to look at what is in my hand.
A golden triangular pendulum. Like an upside-down pyramid on a golden chain. The pendulum has tiny white opals in the middle of each triangle face.
I put it around my n*ck and hide it under my clothes. Immediately I feel it warm up. It is a cozy feeling, not painful at all. The rest of the day, that is how it feels. I wonder how will it work. She didn't really give me instructions. An hour passes and we are finally taken to the barracks.
"Kanda, should I use something sturdier to protect my stomach?"
"No. Don't make it obvious."
Sheril-who has been added to the fight-looks at me with confusion. "Why would you use something heavier? You have been doing good with what you have been using already. Stick to it."
I sigh and nod.
Maribel is also here. She wears the same rags we always wear and has that huge sword she had yesterday.
"How strong are you?" I ask her.
"As strong as you." She says.
"Huh? Interesting."
"But the longer I go without blood, the weaker I am." She explains.
"So you are a half-vampire." Sheril says. "I had my suspicions."
We sit and talk but I can't really get into the conversation much. The worst thing about this all is the waiting.
Finally, the guards arrive. It is like a double-edged sword. I don't want to fight but at the same time, the excruciating wait is over.
"Nubian Pharoah and the Persian Princess are up."
If I am honest, I have been lucky that all this time it has been double teaming. With Kanda on my side, I am sure we'll win.
We walk out and up to the arena where just like before, people cheer and the announcer, presents us.
"There they are." I say looking up at Zao with Ezra and Sienna.
"Look at them. If only I could fly. I'd kill them all." I mutter.
Kanda chuckles. "Use that anger for this fight. How about I hold them down and you take them out?"
"Let's make it as painless as possible. I don't enjoy this killing."
She nods.
We stand there waiting while the announcer continues to talk.
We wait and wait some more looking towards the opening of the second barracks where our opponents are supposed to come from but no one walks out.
"Oh no! Ladies and gentlemen. Two of our favorites will be going head-to-head! What curveball!"
"What?!" I look at Kanda who looks at me with shock.
"What does he mean?"
Kanda and I both look around at the people who stare at us as they cheer.
"No...no!"
"We...we are fighting against each other..." Kanda says.
She takes a few steps back and gets in position.
"No! Kanda! We can't!"
She has a serious expression and looks ready to fight. "I am sorry. I cannot lose." She mutters.
"K-Kanda..."
"Ready yourself!" She shouts.
My lips quiver but I do as she says. I get into a defensive stand.
"Fight me, Casseopea. Fight me with all that you have and don't hold back!"
###Chapter 67
"Kanda...I can't! You are my friend!"
"Friend... Then take up arms, friend. We don't have a choice." "Kanda..."
She swings her axe in the air above her head before she slices at me. I dodge it, it is not hard to dodge her movements. Her body might be fast but that weapon is a heavy weapon. It slows her down just a bit.
As I dodge back the swing, I do not see one of her hands letting the axe go. She grabs me by the throat and hits me with the axe's hilt right on the mouth. She fights like a warrior. She then throws me back,
picks up her axe with both hands and swings down at me. I roll on the ground and manage to barely dodge the blade. The edge of the axe gets stuck in the mud. I take the moment to swing my dagger, cutting her in the arm. This makes her let the axe go but she doesn't move back, instead she sprints forward and tackles me with her shoulder. I fall to the ground and lose my blades but the moment she is on me, I get to my knees and use both my fists, punching her in the stomach. "Uh!" She takes a step back with a gasp.
I wrap my fingers around the blade that is next to me, then I swing it. My blade plunges into her thigh. She screams and falls to her knees.
Wasting no time, I got to my feet. I swing around her, and put my arms around her neck, ready to snap it. But I hesitate. I don't want to kill her.
In a split second, she grabs my shoulders and flings me to the ground in front of her.
She puts a hand on my chest, pushing me down. As she does this, my hands feel the ground looking for one of my daggers. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Suddenly, her other hand is on my face, then, she wraps her fingers around my mask and rips it off of my face.
I scream in pure agonizing pain.
I know the crowd cheers but all I can hear is a ringing in my ears. I feel disoriented. I am lifted and thrown a few feet away.
I can feel warm liquid drip down the side of my face. I get to my knees and finally, I am able to focus but I am still in shock.
Kanda grabs her axe and faces me standing a few feet away from me.
"Kanda..." I whisper.
She stares at me-I can see the remorse in her eyes-she looks up behind me at where Zao watches. I am sure he has a huge smile on his face.
She looks back at me. "My friend..." She says.
Kanda takes a deep breath and then to my surprise, she lets the axe fall from her hand. She kneels down, grabs my daggers, and throws them at me. They land in front of me.
"Pick them up!" She shouts.
I shake my head, telling her no.
"Pick them up, or I kill you as you are! Fight! Give yourself a chance."
So those are my choices, fight or just roll over and die...never. If I go down, I go down fighting.
I do as she says and pick up the daggers.
"Kill them all." She mutters and then starts running in my direction without her axe.
I try to move back away from her but I can't seem to react. I am so confused by her words. When she is on me, she grabs me by the leather straps, one hand on my chest and the other on my back, then she twirls around as I dangle in her hands.
Suddenly, I am flying in the air and when my eyes focus, I am heading straight to Zao. I fall on him and tackle him to the ground. Without even giving it a second thought, I stab him and immediately I stab him again, then a third time. By the second stab, he was already dead. I dug my dagger right into his heart.
People start screaming and running. I get up and though I stumble, I stand straight and turn my head.
Ezra's eyes widen and almost burst out of his head when he sees me.
Feeling like a demon is taking possession of me, rage boils inside of me when I see his face.
I open my mouth to say my next words and as I do, in a quick movement, he closes his eyes and puts his arms around Sienna-who is next to him-covering her. "DIE!" I shout. Three to four
guards that were behind Ezra fall to the ground, lifeless.
I am surprised. If I am correct, this power did not work like this for Warrick.
And how is it that it is working so easily now?
I hear footsteps behind me and quickly turn. About five guards run in my direction. I put a hand up. "Stop!" They all immediately stop. "Free the prisoners!"
They don't even blink when they turn and walk in the direction of the barracks and cells.
At that moment, I hear something break, a crack, but it is very subtle. I feel little pieces of something fall down my chest. I pick up the amulet from my neck and notice that two of the opals have broken and it is starting to feel cool to the touch. This is it! This is what is helping me use my powers, this is why they are so strong...but I think I only have one more use. One more Opal left.
Bringing my attention back, I look for Ezra but the f**ker has run.
"No!"
I look for him in the stampede of people running away.
"NO!" I shout.
I had him! I f**king had him!
I stumble, feeling a dizzy spell come over me.
"No! Not this time!"
I hold myself against the wooden veranda, close my eyes, and shake my head.
"Wake up!"
When I am able to get up again, I spot Sheril and the rest of the prisoners fighting the guards but there are just too many of them. I rush towards them and join them.
"You crazy bitch! You actually freed us!" She shouts with a laugh as she takes a guard down.
"We can't hold them off!
They are too many!" I say.
"We need to find a way out!"
Maribel says.
Kanda finally joins us.
"That was amazing!" I hug her.
"A spur-of-the-moment thing." She says. "But now what?"
"Chen will never let us leave."
"Chen?" I ask, confused.
"Zhao's son. Now that Zao is dead, he'll be taking over."
I remember him now. Man, the bad guys just keep coming.
As we talk, a huge fire starts right next to us. Maribel threw a torch at the bloodied wooden floors of the arena.
"A distraction." She says with a smile.
"That...works." Sheril says.
"This way!" Kanda starts rushing through the fight and we follow her.
We end up in the market but there are guards everywhere.
From here we can see the huge gates that lead outside. Guards are everywhere and it will be impossible for us to go through there until all the prisoners have gotten out and started fighting.
"In here!" Sheril shouts while she rushes inside the dinner hall.
When we get inside, we close the doors behind us and move the huge table to form a barricade.
As we enter the room, a huge mirror on the wall greets us. It was always there but always too far to be able to really get a good look at myself, but I do now. I look horrible. I am very pale and there is blood all over the side of my face and down my neck and shoulders. It is dark now meaning it's dry and my wounds are healing enough that I am not bleeding anymore but I look terrifying. Now with the adrenalin coming down, my head starts to hurt. A spliting headache but I can't let it take over me. "Now what?!" Maribel asks.
"I don't think there is a way out of here." Kanda says.
"Yes, there is." Lia comes out from hiding. "There is a back door."
"You are safe!"
We start to hear fighting outside. They've started.
She nods. "I was taken to Zao's room for his nightly entertainment after the game was over."
"I...I am sorry." Sheril says.
"It is okay. Helped me get acquainted with this place and there is a back door this way."
"Even so, how are we going to make it out? It won't be long till the guards overpower the prisoners."
Maribel says.
"There is a tunnel in the brothel," Lia says. "It leads to a bunker. There are other tunnels to get there but I only know of that one."
"And how are we going to get to the brothel... didn't even know there was one." Sheril says.
I follow Lia who leads us to a curtain on a wall. "Hiding, and if not, then we fight." I say.
Lia pulls the curtain to the side and reveals a wooden door. We rush out and head to the side of the building, an alley.
"There. That's the brothel."
Lia points to a building across from us and in the middle of it all, prisoners
and guards fight in their wolf form, and many still in human form.
I start to overlay a plan. "Okay so-"
"No more waiting! Let's do it!" Before I can say a thing, Kanda throws herself out into the market streets where many guards fight, overpowering the prisoners.
"Damn it!"
We all rush in and start fighting. Lia hides behind us, I'm guessing she can't fight.
I don't have my daggers with me now so I take a sword from a dead guard on the floor and start swinging. It is a short light sword so it is not that hard to wield. I actually find it surprising that it is so easy to move. I take a guard down, then another. We are halfway to the brothel when more men pour through the front gates.
That's when I see Ezra, it is his men. No surprise that next to him is the witch Sienna but there is also another man, It is Chen. I remember him.
I zone in on Ezra.
"You guys go...I can't let this opportunity go to waste."
I feel my wolf's will come on to me. She detests these people and wants to end them.
"Are you crazy? There are too many."
I don't answer her. I start taking men down. I would normally say that this is luck but no, I am using the skills that I learned with Victor.
Skills that have slowly started becoming much easier since I have been here.
As I am engaged with an enemy, another quickly rushes me through the side but he is blocked by Kanda.
A look back shows me that Sheril and Maribel have also stayed with me.
"This is not your fight."
"We have made it our fight."
Kanda says.
"Fine. Just don't die." I tell them.
I would never forgive myself if they got hurt because of me.
One by one, we take down many of the guards but they are too many and start to overpower us.
One look at Ezra is all I need to give me the strength to keep on going.
Amidst the loud sounds of war, I give an echoing growl that gets the attention of everyone who stands in front of me.
"DIE!" I shout.
Within seconds, bodies start falling down. It scares even me the level of power this pendant gives me. For so many people to fall lifeless just by one word.
Unfortunately, Ezra and many others were too far back. But this display create fear in most of the men who witness it. They back away as I take a step forward. I look down at the roughly-fifteen men whose bodies lie motionless.
That was it. That was all I had. I can feel the broken shards of the opals on the necklace crumble down my chest. The necklace is now cold to the touch. But the enemy doesn't know this.
I point at Ezra who is still a good distance away. "I will have your head!"
###Chapter 68
"Attack!" Chen points his sword in our direction.
The men that remain with them hesitate but not for long. Soon they run in our direction.
They clash with us and the rest of the prisoners who fight on our side. It feels like a dance for me, I dodge as I slash, taking two down. But the enemies keep coming. Chen's men and Ezras combine. Together, they are overwhelming.
We continue to fight and as I take enemies down, it does seem to get easier. The fighting, the anticipating their movements; the dodging, parrying, and countering it all gets easier. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."We are not going to make it!" Sheril shouts. "They are too many!"
"Throw me!" Maribel says to Kanda.
"What?"
"Just like you did Casseopea.
Throw me, I can take a few out."
"I know. Just get me as close as you can."
"Alright!" She doesn't even give me a moment to get ready. I feel her hands on my back and then I am flying through the air.
I see Ezra and his image gets closer but I know I won't be landing near him.
I close my eyes and connect with my wolf.
"You want him dead just as much as I do. So go get him."
I open my eyes as I am about to land. I shift and immediately my wolf takes control.
We fall on an enemy halfway towards Ezra, ripping his throat with our bare fangs.
We start running, trying to doge as many enemies and people who fight. My frustration peaks when it seems like we can't get to him fast enough.
When finally we have an opening, we zone in on him.
He is distracted looking in Chen's direction and doesn't see us coming. Excitement rises in me, itching to have his neck in my jaws. Just a few feet away, I can almost taste the victory.
"Over my dead body!" The witch Sienna steps in front of us.
She holds a sword up and if not for my wolf dodging just in time, we would have been impaled by it as we ran at the speed that we did.
We turn back to face her and start circling her.
The sword in her hand shakes just a little. She's scared.
My wolf takes a step towards her but she starts swinging the sword left and right.
There are no skills in her movements but as she does this, distracting us, she grabs a flask from her satchel and throws it at us. When the flasks break, a smoke-like substance scatters everywhere, engulfing me and those around us. Unwillingly, I suddenly shift back to my human form.
"What did you do?!" I shout.
"You can't shift, it only lasts for thirty minutes or so but it is enough time." She swings her sword. I slide back but I am unarmed. It is not hard to dodge her attacks, she doesn't know what she is doing.
"Get out of my way!" I warn her.
"No!" She shouts.
"He can fight me himself!"
"No, he can't! Despite him saying how much he wants to end you, deep down, he doesn't! He can't! Because he is in love with you!"
"Obsession is not love! He is a monster!" I shout.
"Shut up! He might not love me but I love him!"
"You fell in love with him that easily?" I laugh. "How stupid."
"It did not happen overnight.
We have known each other for many years. He had laid with me many times before all this started. Back when he was training." "Oh, I see. So you are the whore he hurt me with."
"It wasn't personal, dear. It was what it was."
I am furious when I look behind her.
"You are so loyal to this man...but look at that...he left you here to die!"
Ezra is nowhere to be seen.
She doesn't look surprised.
"He left me because I told him to."
"You would die for him?" "Yes!"
"Why?! What is wrong with you?!"
"You know, he told me of what he did. How he killed your sister. You deserved it after what you did." She says. "...what I did?...what I did?!
You hear half of the story and quickly believe what he tells you! Did he not tell you what He did!? What he had done to me all of our lives?!"
I am furious. "And you think that taking my sister's life is worth what you believe what I did to him?"
She swings her sword and I dodge again. "Shut up! You will not turn me against him!"
"If you believe what he told you, then you deserve to die with him!"
Without holding back anymore, I effortlessly move around her. I grab the back of her neck and push her down. She has no choice but to kneel. As she does, her sword falls to the ground and I pick it up. "You are prepared to die for him, then so be it!"
She starts thrashing but she only has human strength and as Honora had told us, a witch is not really that powerful in a fight.
You really are weak when you are not hiding behind someone else.
"I-I am with child!" She screams out.
She is...pregnant. Is this true?
"I don't believe you." I say.
"It is his...Ezra's."
"... And why tell me this? It makes no diferetnce."
"You do not have it in you to kill me. He told me you were too good. Don't let yourself be tainted by this!
I listen to her but I don't agree with anything she says.
I lift the sword up and she panics.
"Please! I am pregnant!
I lean into her ear. "And so was my sister when he cut her head clean from her body. But you just celebrated that, didn't you?"
I might regret this later but at this moment, I don't.
With wide eyes-sensing her demise and how much she screwed up trying to plea to my kind side-she stares up at me as the sword comes down. With no friction whatsoever, her head easily separates from her body.
I hold the head by the hair while the body falls to the ground. I look back, unable to spot Ezra but I see some of his men running out of the gates. I follow, leaving the fight behind and once out, I see Ezra in a car. He gives orders to one of his men through the opened window.
I stride in his direction, hoping he doesn't see me but he does and stops talking when he sees me. I stop and dangle the head in front of me.
"If you think that I won't kill you or that I am playing games, here is your proof that I am not. I will kill you! I will end you, Ezra!"
I throw the head in his direction, trying to aim for the window. The severed head hits the edge of the window but doesn't go in. It falls to the floor in front of him.
He looks at the head and then at me as now I continue to run in his direction. I swear I can see a bit of fear in him or maybe is just my wishful thinking.
His window closes and the car speeds away.
I take a leap and jump on the two men who stand in my way, falling on top of one of them. I sink my teeth into his neck and then I turn to the other as he tries to grab me, twisting his arm and wrapping myself behind him. I hold on to his neck and snap it. As I stand there, I watch the car speed in the distance. It is too far and too fast for me to catch up to it but I do not lose hope. I will kill him.
"You are min, Ezra. Mine to kill. It takes a monster to kill another and that is what I am slowly becoming in order to kill you." I look at the men I just killed and the witch's head. "I have become a killer."
Kanda, in her feline form, stands next to me and shifts.
"It is done. The pack is ours."
"It is?"
"Yes. Marina killed Chen and the men put down their arms. It is done. That pack is ours."
I nod. "Good but ours whos?"
I ask. "Watch how they all turn on each other now.
Some of them are going to try and take control."
"Not while I am around.
Come. Assert your dominance."
"Me?!"
"Yes! You told me you are to be Alpha of your pack! Start here! These people will be lost and many are without a home...as I am. Come!"
She takes my hand and pulls me back inside where they all cheer.
"Kill all these sons of a bitches!" A man shouts pointing at Chen's men."
"No!" I shout. "These men are mine now!"
I can't let this go to waste. There are too many of them to just kill. I am taking a page out of my father's book here. They are more useful alive. "They worked for Zao! They deserve to die!"
Kanda suddenly puts a draped fabric over my n*ked body, to cover me and I am grateful.
"I said they are my men now!"
"And who the f**k are you?!"
Another man stands defiantly.
"I am Casseopea! I am the daughter of Warrick, Alpha of the Dark Fang Pack!"
The whispers start and the defiant men look at each other.
I continue. "And I am next in line to be Alpha, unless he is already dead...that would make me Alpha already then."
"You all saw what she did!"
Kanda chimes in. "She tells the truth! That makes her the most powerful among us. Do you really wish to have a taste of her power?"
I hope not cause I don't have it now.
I touch the cold pendant on my chest. It has no power.
The man-to my surprise-suddenly looks down and steps back.
Kanda looks at me and gives me a nod. "Go ahead. Time to shine and wind them over."
Easier said than done. Public speaking is not my forte.
I put on a brave and strong face.
"Excluding Zao and Chen's men, I will not force you to join me.
"Those of you who don't have a home, then I welcome you to mine. You will have a place in my pack as long as your loyalties lie with me.
Those of you who wish to leave and go back to your families-if you have any-then you are welcome to. But this place will not exist anymore. Never again!"
Behind, the small arena burns as the fire that we started eats it all up.
"So many lives lost for mere entertainment of those who coveted power. Let it burn and take down what remains!"
Kanda raises her fist and cheers along with everyone else who copies her.
I turn to Maribel and Sheril. "What about you two?"
"I have some business to take care of. Someone is going to pay for selling me." Sheril says.
"I am going back to my city and find a nice bed to sleep on comfortably. No more floors for me."
I almost laugh. All she ever does is sleep.
"Well, my pack is always open to you both."
Sheril smiles and hugs me. "Thank you. I might come to visit sometime. Now order one of these men to give me a car. I am itching to get these hands on someone's neck." She looks at Maribel. "Want a ride?"
"Yes."
Kanda and I see them off. I wish they had stayed. They were strong women and I could use more like them with me.
"I wish to stay by your side." says. "I have nowhere
Kanda says. else to call a home."
Watching Sheril drive away, I smile and nod. "My home is your home now.
My eyes zone into the distance where we can see the brightness of the sun make its way out of the darkness.
Colt. I am coming home soon.
###Chapter 69
Colt's POV
"So they are ready for us?" I ask.
Garret nods. "Yes. Our scouts have been captured. Oliver has the upper hand now."
"Then what do we do?" I am starting to feel helpless.
"We watch but prepare for an attack."
"So...we wait again."
"It is all we can do."
"Cass is out there and who knows what they are doing to her!"
Victor puts a hand on my shoulder. "I get it! I know!
But this is the situation right now."
"She is strong. She can hold on."
"I know she is but It doesn't matter. They can kill her at any moment! And what is even worse is that we don't know where she is!" Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."My men say she has not been seen in Oliver's pack or Ezra's. We don't know where they have her." Beck says.
That is what kills me the most.
"Ezra's men have been seen moving too." Rodrick speaks. "Something is up and we have to be careful especially now that all other packs are watching us after we took the river packs."
Garret nods."The Alphas of all other packs-excluding us, Ezra, and Oliver-had a meeting a day ago. I am assuming it was about our squabble but so far, they are waiting however, they are on edge. Anything could tip them over and join the fight against us." Garret ads.
Victor nods, looking pensive. "Send them a message. Tell them that this fight is between us, Oliver, and Ezra's pack. If they don't get involved, then there will be no issues with them."
"We can do that but trust me, they won't believe it."
"Try it."
"So again, we just wait?" I ask, my frustration peacking.
"I have a team that is going to try and get some more information. So yes. For now."
I am angry but I am also exausted. So this time, I let it be. I have barely slept since Cass has been gone.When the meeting is over, I head to the place where I have been drowning my feelings, the bar room.
As I walk through the halls, Julia suddenly pops up from one of the corners.
"Colt!"
"Julia..." I grunt.
"I made you something." She holds out a plate with a custard flan. "Remember? I used to make them for you all the time especially when you were feeling down. You've been looking so sad lately and I just wanted you to feel better." I nod but I am not sure if I should accept it.
"Listen, I just... I just want you to be happy again. You have been so sad lately and I hate it." She says.
"Uhm...thanks but-"
"If you don't want it now, I'll put it in a container for you and you can have it when you feel like it." She gives a big smile and all I can do is nod.
"Julia!" Rodricks's voice resonates through the hall.
Julia jumps and quickly turns around to face him.
"Enough. You are not supposed to be anywhere near him."
"But...but..."
I give him a nod and go past them to avoid being sucked into the squabble.
I finally make it to the bar room. It has been a bit more full of late. People have taken to drinking more in the last couple of days.
I spot Bryn with Miles. They don't drink but this is where they usually hang out.
"Still can't talk?" I ask Bryn. She squints her eyes at me and mouths out. "No."
That is the only relief I have.
As long as my sister can't talk, I know Cass is alive.
I get a drink and sit with them. Miles reads a book while Bryn paints her nails. I just stare out of the window.
Dash suddenly slaps my shoulder and sits next to me.
"Damn, you are tensed."
"You think?" I say with sarcasm.
"I'd give you a massage but you know...it would feel weird for both of us."
"Yeah. Don't. Thanks, but don't."
He laughs and then turns to Miles and Bryn. "And what have you two creepers been up to?"
"Creepers?" Miles asks.
"Yeah. You are twins. Twins are creepy."
"No, we are not!" Miles says and Bryn holds her hands up as an x.
"Are you serious?" Dashs asks. "Have you ever seen horror movies? Twins are always creepy in movies.
There is that horror movie where those twin ghost girls stand in a hallway. And then there are those tweedle twins, it's supposed to be a children's movie but those two are creepy as f**k. Why is there always a need to say the same thing at the same time? Creepy motherf**kers."
Oh, how Cass would be laughing right now and probably agreeing. It makes me smile to think about her and how she would react.
We stay here for a while.
They do lift my spirit up a bit.
When they leave, I sit alone looking out of the window.
I close my eyes. It is hard for me to think that she is gone. When I close my eyes,
sometimes I feel like she is
about to talk to me, walk into the room, or touch me, put her hands around me in a
hug. But it doesn't happen. am left there alone.
A hand creeps up from the
back of my shoulder.
I immediately open my eyes and see Skye. I am sure that the disappointment on my face is noticeable.
"Hey, how are you holding up?" She asks.
"I...I'm hanging in there."
She nods and sits next to me.
"I can't believe Ezra has done
all of this. His betrayal must be hard for you."
"Ezra...it is not him in particular that upsets me. It is what he has done. The lives that he has taken are what hurts. Not really him being the one that betrayed me. It is the people that he took away."
She puts her hand on my back and rubs it.
I don't know how to feel about that. I feel like I should move away but...the action does comfort me.
She nods. "I am sorry. I wish I could take the pain away."
There is no reason for her to say that.
I shake my head. "That is not why I am upset. At least not at the moment. I am upset because of Cass. She's been taken. I don't know if she is safe. I...need her."
"Do you really...have so much feelings for her? You almost act as if she was your mate."
"Yes." I say with no hesitation. "That is exactly how it feels."
"How... how did you two get so close?" She asks.
"It's a long story. I got captured by our own pack. I was imprisoned in the cells and she was there as well.
She didn't know who I was at the time and that helped me see her. She showed me who she really was. She wasn't scared because I wasn't Colt to her at that moment. I was a stranger...the enemy yet...she showed me compassion and truly cared." I say all this remembering every single moment of it. Those little moments when she would look at me when I had barely spoken to her.
She was scared of me but so curious. She looked past the scars and saw me. I knew I didn't have to hide who I was with her. It was refreshing...and now my Angel has been taken from me.
"Damn them all! F**king Oliver is going to pay!" My hand slaps the table.
She stares at me and I can see all manners of questions wanting to come out.
"What is it?" I ask.
She shakes her head. "It's just that, you would have acted just like this for me once."
"Do you really want to get into that now? Do you want me to give you the reason why things are the way they are?"
"No. Don't mind me. Just reminiscing. By the way, there is something I want to give you back."
"What?"
"Your mother's ring. I still have it. It's not fair. You should have it." She gets up.
"I'll bring it by later."
"You can keep it." I say going back to my drink.
"No. It doesn't seem right."
I give her a nod. "Fine."
I stay there another hour and then decide to try and get some sleep but I doubt I'll find any. I had to take another room because Cass's room smelled just like her and it was overwhelming. I won't admit it to others but I found myself crying many times. I go past Cass's room envisioning her walking out. Putting those thoughts away, the moment I enter my room, I go directly to the bathroom and take a hot shower. I finally come out feeling refreshed and with a towel on my lower half, I head to my drawers to get some clothes.
"No need for that."
"What the f**k?!" I turn to see Julia. She walks up to me and pulls my towel off.
Her hand grabs me by the back of my neck and pulls me into a kiss while her other hand grabs my c**k and starts stroking.
Three seconds are too long to react to her but I am so shocked that it takes me that long. I pull away, hitting the drawers and knocking everything on top of it.
"Colt..." She whispers.
"STOP! I've had enough!" I take her by the arm and I am not gentle as I drag her. I open the door and throw her out of the room. She stumbles and falls right in front of Skye who holds a ring box that I recognize.
"What the hell?" She mutters as she looks at Julia and then at me and my naked body.
"Why do you have to be like this?" Julia whines looking up at me. "I just wanted to take the pain away."
"Stay out of my room! Enough is enough, Julia!"
"Uhm....... brought you...this." Skye says showing me the ring case.
I quickly take it.
"So now you are taking gifts from her?" Julia asks.
Skye squints her eyes at Julia. "What? What is wrong with you, stupid little girl!"
"Stupid little girl?!"
Taking a deep breath, I close my door and put clothes on.
Eventually, I hear the commotion outside of my room continue. I am sure they are putting their hands on each other. Dragging my feet, I come out and just as I thought, they are fighting. I pull them both by the back of their clothes, separate them, and throw them. They fall on opposite sides of the hall.
"I dislike you both!" I say. "I want you both to stay away from me."
"But-" They both try to complain.
"Shut up!" I shout. "You are both so ridiculous! I've had enough! Stay away from me!"
This is the only way to get through to them and I really am fed up.
"Either of you comes near me and I'll make you regret it. I am not f**king playing around!"
Leaving them stunned, I go back to my room, slamming the door. It only takes about a minute for someone to knock on my door.
"What the f**k is it?!" I scream as I open the door.
A scared pack member stands there petrified.
"Uhm...Alpha Victor and Alpha Garret have requested you."
Now?...must be something important.
I rush out and when I walk into the room, Crow-the leader of Warrick's rogue trackers-stands talking with Garret.
"What is it?" I ask, interrupting and obviously irritated.
"Something came up." Garret says and motions to Crow.
"Explain."
"Alpha Warrick secretly tasked me to look for his daughter." He says.
"Just like him. He never trusts us." Garret mutters.
"Well, like you, I hadn't found a single damn thing. That is why I went to...well... let's just call it a town of a sort. I place where I knew there was a high chance of gathering information.”
"And?" I ask with impatience.
"Well, I was surprised to find a woman who...resembles her."
"Resembles? You know what she looks like. If you are not sure, then it is not her."
"Well...this woman...was wearing a mask."
"A mask?"
He nods. "It was bolted to her head."
I am confused. We all are.
This does not sound like her.
"Crow...you are being vague and I don't like it." Victor says.
"It is a place where they sell people and they make them fight. An arena. I could not get much information without being suspicious but the guards believed she had some special power and that is why an iron mask was bolted onto her." I look at the others.
"Crow, do you believe this is her?" Garret asks with urgency.
"If you value my judgment...I believe that it is a high chance that it is her." That is all I need. "Where is this place!?"
###Chapter 70
Back to Cass's POV
"Every twenty minutes, the guard makes a round. That is our opening." One of my men tells me.
I nod as I stare at Oliver's pack house from a good distance. After taking over that god-awful town, we headed straight here. I want to make Oliver pay for what he did. I might not have that mask on now, but I can still feel it on me. I have the ghost sensation that it i still over my eyes and I hate it, not to mention the pain of it being drilled into my skull is still fresh in my memory.
My group is not big, so the element of surprise is a must. We need to get in there and take out as many as we can before anyone notices. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Leading a team is new to me but I did not want to wait. To go back to my pack, I would have had to come near Oliver anyway. But I decided to do this because I knew for sure that if I went back to the pack first, Garret and Victor would suggest waiting on attacking Oliver. They always have a reason to hesitate and I hate it.
"There. He's moving." Kanda says.
I nod. "Now. Keep low and quiet. Take down anyone you come across-with the exception of children-and don't let anyone ring any alarms."
We rush in through the shadows until we are behind the pack house in a dark corner.
"Split up. Four teams. Two teams out here taking out guards one by one. Don't kill them. They can be useful once Alpha Oliver is dealt with. The other two teams go inside doing the same until we make it to Alpha Oliver.
Now HE...he is mine." They all nod.
My team and Kanda open a window and go inside the pack house. The room is dark and empty of people. It is late so I doubt any pack members-who are not guards-are awake.
We come across the first guard. Kanda knocks him out in a flash. He doesn't even make a thud as Kanda slowly puts him down. We carefully head through a hall and find another guard. Just like the other one, we take him down and continue. I carefully open the doors trying to find the main office where I assume Oliver could be. If we can't find him in his office, then we'll search for his room.
We come to a door where I can see light coming from the bottom threshold of the door and we can hear muffled voices.
"This is it?" Kanda asks.
I nod. "I think so."
Everyone gets ready. I slowly hold the doorknob to not make any noise. After taking a deep breath, I open it.
There are four people in here and we rush them.
Kanda kicks one man behind his knees and makes him kneel. Then, she puts her arms around his n*ck, constricting him. Two of the other men start fighting two of my own men while I rush the last one. The man I approach is sitting down. He turns to me when he is aware of what is happening and I immediately stop in my tracks.
As I stay in shock, he immediately gets up and faces me.
"COLT!"
"CASS!"
I immediately clash into his arms. He holds me and I almost feel like I can't breathe because of how tight his arms wrap around me.
He pushes away and looks me over again, then pulls me in again into a hug but this one is now gentle.
"I've missed you. I've missed you so much!" He says.
My hands cling to his shirt and they shake... I shake. The emotions I feel towards this man are incomparable to any emotions I have ever felt in my entire life. I love this man with my whole being.
"I found you." I whisper. "I found you."
"Uhm...help..." I hear Victor's voice.
I reluctantly pull away from Colt and stare at Victor who is held by Kanda with her arms around his neck.
"Oh! Let him go. It's okay,
Kanda." I look at my other two men. "It's okay. They are my pack."
Victor gets up, patting his clothes, and then stands next to Colt but not before he gives Kanda a look of irritation. "What happened? How...why are you guys here?"
"Most likely, for the same reason you are here. To take Oliver out. But the f**ker was gone already." Victor says.
"What?!" Before I can say anything else, Colt cups my face. "What happened to you!?"
He traces his fingers down my temples where I am sure there is still dry blood. We came straight here, all I had time was to put clothes on.
"It's...a long story."
"We'll have time for it. We have taken control of Oliver's pack."
I look around at them and will myself to ask the question to which I am scared to hear the answer.
"F-father?"
"He...is not well." Victor responds.
"Not well...he is alive?"
"Yes. But he is not healing as he should. He was stabbed in the chest and it grazed his heart. But now the pack doctor has noticed wolfbane in his bloodstream. Most likely the blade was coated with it and it is preventing him from healing. The doctor says he will make a recovery once the wolfbane is flushed from his system but that might take weeks or even months. In the meantime..." Victor stares directly at me. "You are the Alpha. He made clear of that." "...Me?"
I shouldn't be shocked. This is what father had told me.
That I am to be Alpha but now it is real. Now it is hitting me hard. I have led these few men from the arena but a whole pack and one as big as the one we have...that is completely different. "What do you wish to do?"
He asks me.
I sigh. "Rest. I am tired."
I am tired of all of it but I know that this is just the beginning.
"Then do that. We will reconvene in the morning."
"Not before you address the security in this place. We slipped through easily.” I say.
"And I still have some men running around that obviously have not been caught." "You do?"
Kanda starts laughing. "Too easy."
I smile. "Go get them, Kanda."
"And who is this?" Victor asks, looking at Kanda.
"A friend and an amazing fighter. She is a werecat and part of our pack now."
"A...were...cat?" He asks unsure of what he is saying.
"Yeah, they are real." Kanda chuckles and leaves the room accompanied by some of the pack members so that she is not mistaken for an enemy.
I immediately again hug Colt, melting into his arms and feeling the safety that he always makes me feel. I close my eyes as his arms engulf me and I almost fall asleep right there.
"This is not a dream, right?" I whisper.
"No. It better not be. I'll be pissed." He says.
His voice is like a sweet baritone melody.
"Go rest, Cass. I'll have rooms ready for everyone so they can also rest. Let's meet up tomorrow morning."
I say nothing but just nod as Colt whisks me away.
"I am never leaving your side again. Do you hear me?" He asks.
I nod as he carries me up some stairs. When we get to one of the rooms, he takes me directly to the bathroom where he starts a shower. He helps me get out of my clothes looking carefully at my body. "New scars?"
I nod. "I'll tell you
everything...but not now. I just want you right now."
It is not even sexual for me. I just need his presence, his warmth, his love. We get in the shower and as the warm water hits us, we hug.
"I missed you. I can't be without you." He says.
"My one goal was always to get to you. And I finally did."
He kisses my head. "I looked for you everywhere. I didn't know what he had done to you."
We drop into a silence. I move my che*ks on his chest as I slowly look up at him. He cups my face, our noses just inches away.
"Look at me." He whispers.
I look into his green eyes. "I love you. You are...my everything. Mate bond or not, you are my life, you are my mate." He hugs me tightly, hiding his head in between my shoulder and hair.
He goes quiet but that is when I feel him bite my neck. I hold on to him, pulling him closer and sinking my own fangs into his neck.
This is it. No more waiting.
We are now officially mates. When we pull back, we look into each other's eyes and kiss like we have never kissed before. The feeling is something like no other. The mate bond is created and it feels incredible. His touch feels warm and it gives me chills. Never have I experienced this, not even when I had marked him. It can't compare.
"Love me." I moan.
"Mh..." He grunts. "You are mine now. You are all mine."
"Then take me."
He picks me up, holding my thighs up around his waist, and then walks out of the shower and into the bedroom. He lies me on the bed with him over me, our bodies wet and dripping on the bed.
He kisses me and his hand slides down to my opening that throbs with the need of his contact. He caresses and then his finger slips in. It makes me moan and yearn for more. He moves his finger around and then another finger slides in. My mouth has to leave his mouth so that I can breathe and moan.
"More!" I moan out. My core burns for him.
His hand leaves me and then I feel his member massaging my slit, already hard. Immediately, he slithers inside easily and starts moving fast and hard.
One hand on my neck, softly holding me down and the other on my hips. His grip is one of control as if I was going to try and get away. Dominant, just how I like him.
The feeling of our skin against each other is pure pleasure. It was always good but now that we are mates, it is so much better. I don't think I have ever moaned so loudly before.
He suddenly raises my legs and rests them on his shoulders but he stops. His hands hold his cock. He looks at me and slowly enters me until he can't go any further.
It makes me shiver.
He slides out and again, slowly goes in, looking into my eyes as we both moan.
"Do you like that?" He asks and I nod.
I can feel my cheeks burn, my whole body burns, and my skin prickles. Slowly, he starts to pick up pace until soon he is pummeling into me again.
His arms wrap around my legs and his hands hold the back of my neck, lifting me closer to him as he continues his thrusting. We are not able to kiss because I can't bend that far but we are so close that we can feel our breaths on each other's faces.
We both moan in tune, his low voice and my high voice mix forming an acapelic melody that I could happily hear for the rest of my life. When we come, I loudly moan and he grunts, it is the peak of the performance.
That night, we sleep more than we have ever had before. For the first time, we feel the most rested we have ever felt.
###Chapter 71
Colt grips the iron mask in his hands.
"What kind of...how could..."
He can't seem to finish what he wants to say.
"Even I am shocked. I don't think even father would have thought of such a thing."
Victor says.
"I mean, I could see him do it but he never thought of something like this," Garret says. "So this Zao, he made you fight in this aren
"Yeah. It was ridiculous. He had stupid titles for us and made us wear ridiculous things. It was all a show for sadistic people to watch. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."But cutthroat," Kanda adds. I nod. "I only survived because of Kanda and the other girls." I tell them. "The skills that Victor taught me helped me tremendously too and on that note, once we get back, training must continue." Victor nods.
Colt-who does not seem to be past the mask issue- looks up at me. "He...he bolted this on you?"
My hand goes up to my temple, caressing the skin and remembering the pain.
I nod.
"And you killed him...Zao?"
He asks.
I nod.
"Good."
"We killed him, his son and we almost had Ezra."
"Ezra?!"
I nod. "He was there. I had him. I had him in my grasp but he got away. All because of that witch!" "Witch?"
I nod. "Took her head off."
"Who did?" Victor asks.
"I did. I did to her what he did to Lauren and before I forget..." I look at Kanda.
"Send it to him in a box."
I kept it for that purpose.
Colt stares at me and looks a bit stunned. They all do.
"Don't look at me like that. I am not the same person I was a couple of months ago and it is not a bad thing. I have grown, I have learned and I am stronger now."
I was such a silly naive little thing. I know I still have a lot more to learn and grow but I am starting to see it all. That little child in me is opening her eyes.
As I think this, I look around and notice Oliver's picture on a shelf.
"Any idea where he ran to?"
"No, but I have two guesses, Garret says. "He either ran to Ezra or he ran back overseas."
F**ker. If I ever get my hands on him...
"Am I interrupting?" The door slightly opens and Honora pops her head in.
"Honora!"
She smiles. "You are safe! I'm glad."
"What happened?! I saw you being taken by Zao's men."
She nods. "Like I told you,
Zao had his men watch everyone's moves. He thought that my actions were suspicious so he brought me in but I was convincing. He let me go and I did not think twice, I left. I don't know if it was luck or not but on my way, I encountered them." She points at Victor and the others.
Victor nods. "We had just finished taking over Oliver's pack which was easy. He left with a small group and left his pack to fend off for themselves. After, we went to get you back but on the way, we encountered her. She was resting when we were discussing a plan to get you out but that is when you surprised us here."
"You said you were heading your way to me when you found Honora. How did you find out where I was before she told you?"
"Crow, the rogue that works for Father."
That was him. The face in the crowd that looked so familiar.
Honora pats my shoulders. "I am glad you are all safe now. Those battles were gruesome. I'll be getting ready to head back home now but I would like to talk to you. There are other things I would like to discuss with you before I leave later." Her eyes fall down on my stomach and I am sure she knows. My hands automatically touch my belly.
She smiles and walks out.
I have to tell Colt. I know this but...somehow...I don't want to. It is not because I don't think he will be okay with it.
I know him and I am sure he will be happy. But male werewolves get overprotective when their mate is with a child. And he is already very overprotective as it is. I love that about him but I am sure he is going to be over the top when he finds out. "We should...head back today. I want to be back in our pack. I also want to talk to Father." I say.
Victor nods. "We need to leave someone here in charge."
"Leave Rodrick in charge of this place. Move his family with him." Colt suggests.
I nod. "Not a bad idea. Leave our generals in control of the territories we possess."
The thought of Julia moving all the way here with her father and staying away from Colt is also tempting.
"Then it is settled. The Alpha has spoken. " Victor says.
I wince as I look at him.
"Don't...call me that."
I can see he wants to laugh. "Why not, Alpha."
"It's...weird, coming from you. Just treat me normally, please."
"Sure, sure."
We all walk out to get ready.
"Where are you heading?"
Colt hugs me.
"I was going to go catch Honora before she leaves."
"Oh, okay." He says but hugs me tighter.
I am tempted to move away from him. Even though he has not yet, he could notice that I am pregnant at any moment. I don't know how far along I am but for a she-wolf, as the baby grows in our womb, our body's scent starts to change and when the fetus's heartbeats are strong enough, he will be able to hear it. I know it is only a matter of time before he notices. Not to mention the dead giveaways like throwing up in the mornings or because of the smells. I vomited my insides early this morning but he was still aslee so he didn't notice. I know I have to tell him soon but I want to see what Honora has to say first.
"Start getting ready. I want to leave as soon as we can." I tell him, pulling away and quickly walking through the hall not giving him a chance to say anything else.
I find Honora at the front doors getting ready to head out. "Hey. Don't leave yet."
"Ah, there you are."
"You said that-" She nods. "There were other things I wanted to talk to you about." She cuts me off and I nod.
"Back in the arena, you said you helped my mother. You could also sense my power. You said that there was a blockage inside of me."
She takes in a deep breath.
"Yes. This is all too much to unload right now but I did know your mother. She came to me for help. As for your power...well...I sense magic blocking it." "Magic? How...what can I do?"
"Well, I can help you. But this would be strenuous to your body and in your condition...I am not sure it would be such a good idea. I mean, I have no real proof that it would hurt what is in your womb but the possibility is never zero."
This is when I hesitate. The last thing I want to do is hurt my child.
Everyone starts to gather around us getting ready to head home. Colt comes down too with a bag.
She puts a hand over mine.
"Listen, come to me when you are ready. You know where to find me."
I slowly nod, watching her go.
If she can help me control my power, that is a good thing, right? But relying on...magic...it's just not natural.
I don't know what to do but I do want to know how did she help my mother and with what. Was it to escape my father? So many questions now pop into my head. "Ready?" Colt asks.
"Uhm, yeah."
We head home. The drive there is not silent. Colt and I talk. He fills me in on everything that happened, even with Julia and Skye.
F**king vultures! The moment I am not in the picture they jump on him.
I also told him about the girls I met in the arena, how Sheril helped me in the fight, and about Maribel. He is also curious to see Kanda in her awerecat which I understand.
When I first heard about werecats, I almost envisioned them turning into house cats instead of big ferocious felines. I am sure he will be awed by her, everyone will.
Finally, the pack comes into view and I feel a sense of relief.
Home...this is home to me now.
When I get out of the car, the tension I felt in my body, leaves. All this time I was in the pits I wondered if I ever get to see this place again.
"Do you want to rest first?" Colt asks.
"No. I want to see my father."
He nods. "I'll take you."
He takes my hand and leads me to my father's room. I am immediately greeted by Lotus.
"I am so glad you are safe!" She hugs me and almost smees like she doesn't want to let me go.
"I am glad to be back."
I look at the bed where Father lies. He has pillows around him to keep him comfortable. He looks tired and weak but very much alive. His breathing is strained. I can see he has a hard time. "Daughter, you are back."
I nod as I walk over to him and sit on the side of his bed, next to him.
"They tell me that you are going to recuperate but you have a long road ahead."
"Yes. This will be when you will need to step up as Alpha.
Victor will be there to help you when you need the help but I want you to be the one to run the pack. Be the Alpha I know you can be."
I smile. “You know, you can be a good decent man sometimes.”
"Don't make me get up and take it all away from you, girl." He says but then his body starts a coughing fit.
"I'm just saying..." I continue when he calms down. "If Mother loved you so much, you couldn't have been such a bad or horrible man all of your life."
He takes in a deep breath. "I wasn't. We were happy when it was just the two of us."
"Hm...then why...why did you get multiple mates?"
"My father demanded it. He had multiple mates himself. He believed that an Alpha was entitled to it. My mother...she killed herself because of this. When my father took other mates, she killed herself.”
I don't know what to say.
"But your mother accepted this. She accepted Lily-Garret's mother-and then Lotus. Dahlia-your mother Casseopea- was my love. My true mate. I regret all I did that led to her leaving. I killed her. It was my fault she took you, it was my fault she lost her life. She wanted to get away from me.”
I can see and hear the anguish. This man is not the man I first met, the imposing man with blood on his hands and a dead body on his feet.
This...this is my father. The man who loved my mother and in his own way has shown me he cares about me too.
I lean down and kiss his head. "I am glad you are okay."
I know he has done horrible things. I know this. But I can't help but have feelings for him. He is my father.
###Chapter 72
"You...are glad that I am okay?" He asks and I immediately nod.
"Yes. I am."
Warrick stares at me. I can tell that he does not know what to say or do to the display of my affection towards him.
He has done terrible things but...he was just a broken man all this time. Of course that does not excuse his actions. But I do feel sympathy for him. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."Did you know...you were a miracle child?" He asks.
"I was a what?"
"A miracle child. That's what I used to call you."
"W-why?"
He stares at me for a few seconds and I can tell that he is debating something in his head.
"You...you were born sick. No, not sick. I...I don't know how to explain it.”
"Maybe we should leave this for later." Lotus interrupts.
"Why?" Warrick asks.
"Yeah, why? I want to hear this."
Lotus doesn't respond. She looks away and almost looks nervous.
Thankfully, Warrick continues. "You, well...you were born with your wolf soul."
I am confused.
"What do you mean? Don't we all have the soul of a wolf inside of us?"
"Well yes, but they don't come forth until we come of age. Eighteen for all of us and there is a reason for that. It is what was happening
with
you. When you were born, you had your wolf already. Your little b*dy could not handle the power and it would try to change. I remember seeing claws on your little fingertips and patches of fur on your skin. That is an image that always stayed with me." "H-how...how is that possible?"
"It has never been heard of."
He says. "You were given only days to live. Your mother was devastated...we both were."
"How...what happened? How did I survive?"
"They were wrong. The doctors were wrong. On the fourth day when I came to see you and your mother, you were perfect. No signs of your wolf. It was as if it was never there." "Just like that?"
He nods. "My miracle child. I always thought that the goddess herself blessed you.
You did not have that birthmark on your chest when you were born but you did that day. As if it was a sign that she had touched you, blessed you." "Blessed?..."
He nods as he closes his eyes, readying himself to rest.
"Yes..."
I can see him dosing off but I have so many questions.
"But how? How did I suddenly live?"
I can see his breathing has deepened.
"You...were my pride and joy." He mutters.
I look at Lotus who stares at me with a weary expression.
"I have never seen him as happy as he was the day you were born." She says.
I stare at her inquisitively.
"You know something, don't you?"
She continues to stare at me but keeps quiet.
It suddenly clicks in my head. "Honora..."
When I mutter the witch's name, that is when Lotus looks away.
"It was her! She helped my mother. She...she saved me.”
Lotus stays quiet and that confirms it.
"Tell me what happened.
Please."
She looks at Warrick and with a sigh, she tilts her head, motioning for me to follow her out.
We leave Father with guards and head to the sunroom where tea is prepared for us.
"Yes..." She starts. "I found Honora for your mother.
Your mother was devastated and she was prepared to do anything to save you. Even if it meant using magic. Your father never liked the idea of witches so we kept it secret from him." "What did Honora do to save me?"
"I don't know. The ritual or spell only allowed Honora and your mother with you to be present. I waited outside of the room."
"Wait, so she did not help you to conceive Victor as you said."
"No. I...lied. I'm sorry."
That doesn't really bother me.
"This means that...maybe she does know what is happening with my powers. Maybe it is even because of the spell or whatever she did to me as a child that my powers do not function properly." "Are you going back to her?"
She asks.
"Yes. I have to. I need to find out more."
She looks a bit worried.
"What is wrong?"
"It's just... I never really liked us relying on a witch's magic. It is not natural and though
Honora might be good, magic is unpredictable."
"That did not stop you from helping my mother."
"I know but...when your mother left, she was...crazed.
She had a crazed look on her. I did not understand why she was so... frazzled and I still don't. At first, I thought that Warrick had done something to her. But when she disappeared, he was shocked and confused."
"So you don't think that it was because of him that she left?"
"I...I don't know anymore.
She was muttering things, weird things."
Maybe my mother had another reason to leave.
Lotus continues. "When we were with Honora that day at her shop...a memory of something your mother said suddenly stood out to me.
"Never trust a witch" That is something she said and maybe she was right."
I nod. "I get that we should be careful. But I do need to talk to Honora again."
She nods. "Okay. I understand. But I am coming with you when you do. Azalea... Casseopea, you don't remember but you were also like a daughter to me. I used to watch you all the time and you and Victor were close. Being almost the same age, you two used to play together all the time. So I am coming with you. For Dahlia, I will be there for you just as she would be if she was here herself."
I can't help the big smile that creeps on my face. I give her a hug, a much-needed hug.
It almost feels as if I am hugging my own mother.
"Thank you."
I am happy. This makes me happy. That I got to meet all these people...my family.
"I will have a talk with Honora and set up a time to meet with her. Now...you need to start your Alpha duties soon. Take today to rest. I am sure that tomorrow my boy can help you adjust to it all."
I nod and do as she says. The first thing I want to do is to check up on James.
I knock on his door and open it since I am sure he is not going to answer. He stands near the window looking out.
"James?"
This time he actually looks back at me.
"C-Cass?"
I nod and walk in.
He looks back out. "It is a beautiful day out." He says.
"Yes, it is. Why don't you go for a stroll?"
I don't think he even knew I was gone.
He stays quiet for a moment and then responds.
"Everything reminds me of her."
I sit on the bed quietly trying not to force conversation.
We stay quiet for a few minutes and he doesn't seem like he is going to talk anymore.
"Did you eat?" I ask him.
"Yes. You ask me the same thing every time."
"I know. Just want to know that you are still taking care of yourself."
"I should be taking care of you. That is what she would have wanted. But here I am, a broken man who can't help anyone."
"Listen-"
"I'll be fine." He says.
"James-"
"I'll be fine." He repeats.
With a big sigh, I nod. "Okay. Try to get some fresh air."
I get up and let him be.
I stop in front of the man that guards his door.
"How is he really doing?" I ask him.
"He...he has moments of outbursts where he starts screaming. Sometimes in anger...sometimes in sadness. But, it is understandable." ...the man looks sympathetic. I am sure he has a mate and can't imagine losing her like James lost Lauren. I nod. "Okay."
I make my way down the stairs. The front doors always tend to be opened during the day so I stop when I see Kanda standing outside. I walk up to her and see her staring at Victor and Garret who talk in the distance.
"What you doing?" I ask her.
"Mh...watching those two hunk of men."
"WHAAAAT?" I am stupid.
The way that caught me off guard makes me sound dumb.
"I didn't know men in your pack would be so good-looking."
"Th-those are my brothers.
"Hmh...interesting." She says.
"I would love to take one of them for a ride."
My eyes almost bulge out of my eye sockets. I feel stupified in place. I turn to make an attempt to leave her in her silence and her moaning and muttering but turn back to her again. I open my mouth to say something and immediately close it because I don't think I want to know anymore.
I head back to my room where I find Colt sitting on an armchair looking at the iron mask in his hands.
"What are you doing?"
He looks at me and then back at the mask. "I...I hate that someone hurt you like this. I can't get it out of my head."
I walk to him and take the mask from his hand. I throw it on the floor and sit on his lap.
"Look at me. I am fine, right?"
"Are you?"
"Yes." I caress his cheek.
He sucks in a deep breath and then lets it go.
Seeing him so unnerved gives me the urge to tell him. I want to put his hand on my belly and tell him that we are going to be parents. That he is going to be a dad.
He smiles. "How did it go with your dad?"
That spell is broken now that I remember everything that was revealed to me.
"You are not going to believe what I just learned."
"What?" He asks and I laugh. He looks like he is ready to hear some good juicy gossip.
"Well mister Beaufort, I never knew you were so into gossip and drama."
He laughs. "I am only just a little bit into it. As long as it doesn't involve me."
"Well, aren't you involved fifty percent of the time?"
He laughs. "And you are the other fifty percent."
"Not by choice. Anyway, first of all, Kanda seems to have a crush on my brothers."
"Kanda, that woman you came with?"
"Yes."
"Mh. I'm glad you had her in that place. I'm glad she helped you."
I nod. "If it wasn't for her, we wouldn't have gotten out of that place."
"And that is all the gossip you wanted to tell me about?"
"Oh no. There is more. So...
I tell him what my father and Lotus told me.
"But... that-how is it possible? How can a newborn be born with a wolf's soul?"
"I don't know. But I know that Honora must have some answers. I need to see her."
He nods. "Okay. We'll go see her. This is all...so crazy. And I agree with Lotus. We should be careful with this whole magic thing."
"Yeah, I know."
I slide my fingers up his chest. You know...we have the rest of the day to rest...or have some fun."
"Mh...I like that."
"I know you do." I give him a kiss.
He k*sses me back but then softly pushes me away.
"Yeah, get on your knees."
Uh! I love it when he tells me what to do.
###Chapter 73
I kneel between his legs as he demands while he relaxes on the armchair, watching me. "Good girl." He says, fumbling with his pants until they come undone and his member peaks out.
I lick my lips in a subtle motion anticipating the taste. I make myself comfortable between his legs as I pull his pants down just a bit more so that his engorged stick can be completely seen. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.It is starting to harden but it is not enough just yet. softly grip it and then lay my lips with k*ssing motions, sliding from the tip to the shaft. I haven't taken him in my mouth yet but he still hisses with pleasure.
When I reach the bottom, I kiss up again until the tip is on my lips. That is when I open my mouth and take him. My hand slides up and down on his shaft while my lips and mouth pay special attention to the tip. I suck while my tongue dances around it. My other hand touches his soft balls and that makes him cough a little.
He moves strands of hair my face and then his hand slides to the back of my head where he caresses until his fingers tangle in my hair.
I hear him sucking deep breaths through his teeth and moaning.
That's when he holds my head in place and starts thrusting his hips up, filling my entire mouth with his cock. I hold my breath and try my best to hold my gag reflex.
He moans and hisses until he finally pulls away so that I can breathe. I take in a deep breath and then go at it again.
It has become much easier to do and I enjoy it too. It is fun to see how I can make him react.
"Enough." He suddenly says.
He pulls me up and turns us around, setting me on the armchair as he settles in between my legs. With heated eyes, he takes my pants down and once they are completely off, he kneels and latches his mouth on the entrance between my legs. It catches me by surprise so I gasp. My body wants to squirm around but he holds me in place.
"Uh!"
I moan loud, unable to control myself.
"Ah!"
After blissful pleasure, he starts kissing up. His lips caress my stomach, and breasts and then he kisses my lips.
He holds his member on my entrance softly massaging me with it but then suddenly, he turns us around again and now he sits while I sit on his lap.
"Sit on me and f**k me, baby." He says gripping my hips.
Indulging him and me, I sit on his member, taking him all in.
We both moan in unison.
I move, rolling my hips sensually.
"Just like that." He whispers.
As it should, we start slow and slowly build up to a faster pace feeling the excitement rise inside of us until he can't take it anymore. He turns us over. I kneel on the armchair, bending over it as he takes me right there. He grabs my hair and holds it tight but does not pull, just holds me in place.
I can feel his breath on my ear. "Mh...my little mate. Mh, you feel so good, now take it like a good girl."
The moment he says this, he starts to pound into me. I grab the chair scared that I am going to go over and fall but he does not lead up and I don't want him to. A mix of roughness but also it feels so good.
He pulls on my hair. He is rough but he makes sure not to really hurt me. It is arousing.
His hands then settle on my shoulders and he starts pulling me hard against him making me slam into him. It is fast and raw and soon he has me almost drooling, feeling an orgasm ripple through my body. I can't help but slump over the chair as he continues his thrusting. I do my best to stick my behind out to make it easier for him and it works. I hear him cursing as he moans and hisses. I can hear the excitement in his voice and I know he is about to come.
"Fuck...mhm so good...MH!" He grunts loudly and then I feel him unloading himself inside of me.
He slides down and sits on ...
"Mh......I never thought about it. Is this what you want?"
"Yes. I don't want to do it alone. Then you won't. I'll always be here for you."
Smiling, I hug him.
We take the rest of the day to rest and spend time together. The more I am with him, the harder it is to not tell him about our baby. I know he will be so happy and I can't wait to see that. But I hold it in. I am not sure what it is that I want to do just yet. The next day, I woke up early to train with Victor. I know I have Alpha responsibilities now but I need to keep training.
However, it is hard to train when all I want to do is laugh. Kanda joined us and decided that she wanted to spar with Victor. So I am here just watching their interaction.
"We can spar later if you wish but now we need to train Cass."
"We, yes."
"No! I mean I have to train Cass."
"Nonsense! Two trainers are better than one. Use me as an example, in fact, use me for anything you want." Her tone at the end is seductive.
Victor is caught off guard. He stares at her with a lifted eyebrow but I can tell that he doesn't know what to say.
Kanda slaps her a*s. "I am all yours."
Still, Victor is silent but now his mouth is opened in a jaw-drop.
Kanda does not stop there.
She clears her throat and lowers her voice. "You know,
I've always wanted to sparr with a werewolf in my shifted feline form."
The way she says this tells me that she does not really mean sparing and I know Victor notices this too.
Victor looks at me in shock. I have been biting my lip trying not to laugh. He crosses his arms and narrows his eyes at me. "Don't enjoy this too much. There will be no training if I can't concentrate."
I can't hold it any longer. "Okay! okay!" I say laughing.
"Kanda! I need to train with Victor. Maybe you can spar later with him when it's lunchtime."
"It's a date!" She says and walks off looking at Victor.
"I'll see YOU later."
When she is out of sight, he finally turns to me.
"Are you fucking serious?"
"You've never had a girl come on to you so strongly, have you?"
He just stares at me with an unamused expression and I can't help but laugh again.
Thankfully we are able to start and complete our training. He ended the training a bit sooner than he usually does and then I saw him sprinting away.
It was about a minute later that I realized that he was trying to leave before Kanda arrived. I had a laughing fit all the way to the dining room.
Colt waits for me there. "How was it?" He asks.
"Good training. It was fun too."
My attention is captured by Dash's voice. "Because that bald head of yours can be seen from a mile away. Go dress up like a genie or something and leave me the fuck alone." "You fucking prick!" Beck shouts.
Dash and Beck argue but neither of them attempts to actually hurt each other.
Colt and I laugh at their bickering. Then I see Kanda rushing in and coming directly towards me. "He wasn't there."
"Oh...yeah, I think he had something else to do...but you also came onto him pretty strong." "We female werecats are like that. If we like or want something, we let it be known." She says. "That is an interesting way of doing things."
She nods but suddenly her eyes land on someone. "Who is that?"
I look in the direction she stares and see Serge.
"That is Serge. He's a good one."
"Good one...he is..." She looks him up and down.
"...mouthwatering."
"Girl...are you like in heat or something?" I whisper.
"Not at the moment."
I blink a few times. It was a joke but does she really mean it?
As if she is reading my mind, she looks back at me and smiles. “No, it's not a real thing. Just a joke."
"Good to know."
She looks back at Serge. "But he is delectable. I could eat him all night."
"I'm dilectable too." Dash suddenly says.
Kanda looks at him and then looks away uninterested.
"Too short."
Dash gasps.
Beck, who is opposite from us laughs.
Dash squints his eyes and points at him while he speaks to Kanda. "How about him?"
Without even looking at Beck, Kanda responds. "Not enough hair."
Dash almost breaks, laughing.
"It's a fucking hairstyle! A buzz cut! I'm not bald!" Beck shouts.
"I really missed all of this craziness." I tell Colt.
"It's crazy to say but...this is your family."
I nod with a big smile and then motion to the people that walk in. Bryn and Miles. Miles looks a bit upset though and even Colt notices.
"What's wrong?" Colt asks.
"She won't stop hitting me!"
Bryn immediately starts writing on her board. "He started it!"
"She hits me for everything!"
"Because I can't yell at you!"
She writes and stomps the floor.
"Maybe take a break from each other?" I say.
Now that I think bout it, they have barely been apart at all.
Neither of them says anything else. They grab food and sit.
As much as they fight, I have a feeling that they feel safer when they are together.
My eyes suddenly go to Kanda who is now across the room sitting next to Serge.
To my surprise, he doesn't seem to want to run away. At least not just yet.
"She's direct." Colt says.
"Yeah. Certainly knows what she wants and goes after it."
He puts a hand behind my neck. "How are you? How are you feeling with all these new responsibilities?"
I remember that after we are done here, I have to attend a meeting as the Alpha with everyone.
"A bit stressed just by thinking about it." I tell him.
"Well, then let's go upstairs. I can help you destress. We still have a bit of time."
I giggle. "I like that idea."
"What are mates for." He winks.
He takes my hand and leads me upstairs.
"You know...I sometimes forget that we are officially mates."
"I know. We've been inseparable for so long that-"
"What...is that?!"
"Looks like blood." Colt says.
We are paralyzed looking at one of the doors of a pack members room. It has blood smudged all over it and we can smell the blood.
"It is strong. It can't be just the smudges on that door." I tell him.
He nods and starts walking towards the door. I go with him but he keeps me behind him.
When he opens the door, there is the image of a man tinted in red. He lies face up on the bed that is stained crimson red.
"Oh...god!"
###Chapter 74
"Eight stabs in the chest?" Garret asks.
The doctors examine the dead body that has not yet been moved. The b*dy is of a pack member, one who is part of the house guards.
"Yes, but it was a silver weapon." Beck says.
"What does this mean?" I ask. "Who killed him and why? Is it connected to Ezra or Oliver?"
"It can mean anything really.
This could have been just a murder completely unrelated to any of us." He says.
"The man was stabbed eight times, it seems to me like a crime of passion." Victor says. "Or anger."
"Great. On top of all that we have to deal with, now we have a murder investigation going on too."
The beta, Archie, steps forward. "If you allow me, I'll deal with this one." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.l give him a nod. “Please do.” "I'll start the investigation immediately." He says.
"Thank you."
Victor nods. "Don't worry about this one. Let him handle it. You have more pressing matters now."
"Like what?"
"Meeting. We need to discuss our next move."
I sigh. "Yeah...that."
I am disappointed that I didn't get to have a bit of time with Colt.
We all head down to the war room where everyone gathers.
"Our trackers still don't know where Alpha Oliver is. He left a day or two before we attacked." Victor says.
"So he was informed?" Colt asks.
"There is a possibility that it is a coincidence but it is too convenient. We have to assume that we have a traitor."
I nod. "It is not unthinkable.
We have many new men and some of these come from the spoils of war. Not everyone is
happy being forced into this pack."
"Agree."
"We need someone to look into this." I say and give Victor a nod.
Victor nods back. "Beck. See what you can find."
"As for Oliver, continue looking for him."
I was a bit intimidated at first knowing that I had to act as Alpha but for some reason, so far, it is coming naturally. And if I have doubt, I simply look at Victor and he immediately chimes in an idea. "What about Ezra? What do we do about him?" Beck asks.
That one I have to think for a moment. Above all else, I want to kill him. He is my target but my number one priority at this moment is to gain control of my power. I had a taste of having control of my powers. It might not be detrimental in this war but hey can be useful. If I actively put all my effort into fighting Ezra right now, I won't be able to focus on my power.
After so much thinking, I look at Colt. "What do you think we should do?"
He stares down, thinking. "There is nothing more that I would love to do than attack him and wring his neck with my bare hands. But my f**king brother has resulted to be smarter than we thought. You said you saw him with this Zao?" He asks and I nod. "He is looking for allies. I am sure he's gone to other packs which means that most likely all other packs are highly aware of our squabble. He might already have allies. We can't just attack him. I hate it but, we need to watch his moves...for now."
"I agree." Garret says. "But I don't think we'll have to wait long. Eventually, he is going to get impatient. That man has no discipline."
"Alright, then for now, that is what we will do." I say. "Let's come up with our plans and reconvene in the morning."
With that, they all scatter.
"You did good." Colt whispers in my ear.
"You think so?"
"Yes." Victor says, walking closer. "You assessed the situations before making decisions and you listened to others opinions and made decisions based on what you heard. You did very well. Ultimately, in the end, the decisions will be yours but listening to what others have to say and their ideas is what a good leader does."
I give him a big smile.
"Thank you and I have one request.
"What is it?"
"Thake that damn reforming camp down."
"Uhm.."
"Uhm nothing. Get rid of it."
"Father won't be happy about that."
"And I don't care. I know I am not officially Alpha so if he gets better and gets back to his duties then he can do whatever the hell he wants but since I am in charge right now, I want it gone."
He sighs. "Very well."
Colt smiles at me, approvingly.
"I don't want anyone else to suffer like you did." I tell him.
"I agree." He hugs me and nuzzles my neck.
The connection I feel with him is unmatched. This is what a mate is but then again, he made me feel this loved and safe even before we marked each other.
Maybe it was because ever since we reconnected, he has always seen me as his mate and treated me as such. I thank the goddess for letting this turn out the way it did with him. If Colt had not come into my life again, would there have been a possibility that I would have ended up with Ezra? I am sure there is. If none of this had happened, I would not have known how horrible he really was and so maybe my dumb self would have given him a chance.
My stomach starts hurting.
"Uh! I'm getting really hungry." I mutter.
He chuckles. "You are that hungry again?"
I nervously laugh. "Yep...must be the stress."
Not a baby in here at all...
I inwardly sigh....I really have to tell him.
"There you are. I talked to Honora." Lotus walks in our direction.
"What did she say?"
"She'll meet us whenever we are free. She said she'd opened her schedule for us."
"Great! When could we go?"
"Whenever you wish."
I look at Colt and then back at her. "Could we go today?"
"I... suppose so. It will take a few hours so I don't see why not."
"Excellent. Then let's go.
After getting ready, we head to the town of Ellsworth where Honora lives. We are greeted by her the moment we arrive. She takes us back behind her shop where she prepares us tee. I am here with Lotus and Colt. We also have a few guards but they wait outside.
"I have so many questions."
Honora nods as she sits. "I understand. I can only assume that you already know some of what happened with "Yes. Lotus told me. What did you do to me?"
your
mother?"
"Well, you were born with your wolf soul. Every werewolf is born with a wolf's soul in them but they are dormant until their bodies reach maturity and are able to handle the shift. A newborn's b*dy is not ready for shifting and so you were at death's door." "Why was I born this way?"
"That I cannot say. A birth defect, maybe it was a curse or a blessing. There is no real way of knowing."
I nod. "So what did you do?"
"I inscribed a holding sigil on your body." She points to my chest. "And it did what it was intended to. It kept the wolf soul at bay until your body was ready for it."
"But then...why did my mother burn it? Why did she try to cover it?"
"I do not know why she did what she did."
“Dahlia always had her own secrets." Lotus mutters.
"Now, about your powers...
"Yes, I remember what you said. Do you know something about why it is not working?"
She nods. "I feel like it might be the sigil that is messing with your powers. It might be blocking them."
"Can you help me?"
"Yes, but it will be strenuous to your b*dy and though it is rare, there is a small chance that it can affect that which you carry." She says stealing a glance from my belly. Damn it. She doesn't know that no one knows-besides Kanda.
"Carry?" Colt asks.
I am stunned and don't know what to say.
Honora can see my reaction and quickly replies. "The power she carries."
She has quick wits about her.
"The power she carries can be affected." She says.
I give her a thankful look.
"And payment? How much will this cost?" Lotus asks.
"I already have enough money dear." Honora looks at me. "...and your mother has already paid tenfold all those years ago, a fortune in my eyes, so no need. I will gladly help you." "Thank you." I am so grateful.
"Now that being said...is this really what you wish to do?" She gives me a pointed stare.
The urge to put my hand on my stomach is strong but I resist it.
My baby...you are my child and you are as strong as I am, I am sure of it...
"I...I need some privacy."
They all look at me.
"I wish to talk privately with Honora."
"Very well." Lotus says as she gets up.
Colt on the other hand hesitates. "If that is what you want..."
I nod. "Yes."
He gets up and follows Lotus out.
When the door is closed, I whisper. "How bad can it be? What can happen?"
"As I said, it would be rare but the chances are never zero so I have to give you the warning. If I am honest, I am not really worried. You are of Alpha blood and so is your...child. Strong. It mostly depends on you. If your b*dy is strong, then your little package will be fine. But as I said...chances are never zero."
"Then this is something I must think about."
"Take your time and get to me whenever you have decided."
"Thank you."
With that, I leave with Colt and Lotus ready to give it much thought. I lean on Colt's shoulder as we drive back.
"Lotus, how is father really doing?"
"As the doctors said, he is recuperating but slowly. He is lucky that he has even survived the poison in his body. I really do hope that physically he will go back to normal but the doctors are not sure that will happen. They say that he might get some semblance of normal but not completely."
"Yet they gave him a day or two to live when it first happened and they were wrong." Colt says. "That man is a strong mother f**ker and I see him getting back to a hundred percent."
Before I can agree with him, his phone rings.
Watching him pick it up, I start to wonder.
Maybe now that I am going to be Alpha I should get one. I don't like phones and I don't like to use them...or rather I don't know how to use them. I am not good with technology at all. Colt brought it up a long time ago that I should have one but I refused. To be honest, if I had one, it would have helped me a lot in many situations.
"Damn it..." Colt mutters.
"What's wrong? What happened?"
He finishes the call and sighs.
"Another dead body was found."
###Chapter 75
EZRA'S POV
Pay! She will pay!
Those blank eyes stare at me as they have been staring for the last few hours. Not a single blink...not one. But what kind of blinks could a severed head in the middle of a table give?
No one in the room eats.
They all just stare at me as if I was crazy.
"I am getting tired of losing."
I mutter. "WHAT?! What am I to do?!" I scream. "Why does she always have the upper hand?!"
Glass cups, ceramic plates, and all sorts of things that you can find on a dining table are thrown across the room by me. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free."She was right there! I had her right in front of me so many times!" I shout.
There is only silence by everyone who watches. Even Kaecy, especially Kaecy.
"You!" I point to a newly recruited general. I figured that the enemy has generals so why shouldn't I? "Give me an idea! What should our next move be?!"
No answer. He nervously opens his mouth but no words come out.
"USELESS! Sienna is more useful to me even when dead!" I point at her detached head in the middle of the table.
It was sent to me and arrived this morning. Courtesy of my demon ex-mate!
The man continues with his silence.
"You don't wish to speak?
Fine!"
I grab him by the throat and pin him to the table.
"Hold him!" I say to the guards and they do not hesitate.
I force him to open his mouth and with the meat knife on the table, I cut his tongue out.
He shakes and screams until I am done and let him go. he falls to his knees whimpering.
"Speak when I tell you to speak! Or deal with the consequences." I throw the bloody tongue on the table.
"Alpha, I know that you are angry but taking it out on us will not give you the results you want." One of them speaks. "And you speak too much!
Are you a traitor?"
"No, Alpha."
"Hold him down!" I shout.
My personal guards make quick-to-follow orders. They hold the defiant bastard down on the table.
"Don't talk when I tell you to and lose your tongue. Talk too much when it is not your place and also lose your tongue!" "Brother!" Kacey protests as I hold the knife up.
He rarely ever interjects anymore.
I point the knife at him.
"You'd betray me too, wouldn't you?"
"No."
I walk closer to him. "Maybe I should pluck your other eye out."
Kaecy quickly looks down.
My attention goes to everyone in the room now.
"You all sacks of withered balls! Pieces of shit, good for nothing! Not one of you can do what I ask you to do!" None of the assassins I sent ever came back.
The only one who ever did anything useful around here was Sienna and now there she lies...part of her anyway. Sienna was not new to me.
She was someone I indulged in back when I was doing my training away from the pack. She is one I cause pain with to Casseope many times. I knew she had a bit of an infatuation with me and when I blinded myself and killed my father, I called her to help. I knew she delved into magic but I never knew how useful she could be. She also was the one who kept me calm and in check. She kept me focused on the end goal. Now there is no one to stop me. I'll take this whole damn pack down with me but I am okay with that as long as I get to have...kill... Cass. Kill...
I am sitting back on my chair now feeling a bit calmer. "She is starting to look unlike herself." I mutter, looking at Sienna.
"Yeah... being dead does that." Kaecy mutters.
Not to mention the smell is starting to get to me.
"Take it." I swat my hand at my guards. Bury it where I can't smell it anymore.
I yawn. "Do any of you know any other witch?"
They all shake their heads.
"Witches are hard to come by." Kaecy says.
This I know.
F**king Cass had to kill her!
I never knew she had it in her to kill like that. Not just Sienna but also in the arena.
I watched the masked woman kill a man and thought nothing of it but now, knowing that it was her all along...I never knew she had it in her.
I slam my fists on the table.
Who the hell am I kidding!? I say I want to kill her but I don't! I want to f**k her!
Even after breaking our mate bond I still want her like this!
I want to take her and make her mine! Put her on a leash and make her do my every bidding! Display her as the little slut she is but no one gets to touch her except me.
When I get her that is what I'll do. I'll have her n*ked chained to my bed so I can do whatever the hell I want with her. As for my brother, I'll peal the skin of his b*dy and keep him alive long enough to see me break MY MATE... Kaecy's POV
Mad...my brother has gotten mad, crazy. I don't recognize him at all anymore.
What he has done to this pack is unforgivable. He has ruined us. Everyone is scared. He has no limit to the things that he does.
That witch used to keep him in check but now I don't know what is going to happen. The only time he has some semblance of normalcy is when he deals with others who are not part of our pack. Maybe it is just to keep face. Alpha Oliver suddenly walks in.
Ezra lifts himself up. "So?!"
I stay quiet listening to the conversation, making myself invisible along with everyone else.
"I told you I had a way with words. They will hear you."
"Yes! Finally some good news!"
This Oliver got the other packs to meet up? He must be good. All these other packs never wanted to get involved with our feud all these years. So to get them to meet with us is a rare thing.
But I'm sure that if these other packs knew how crazy Ezra was, they would not give him the time of day.
"We need them to join us."
"Well, I got you the meeting but getting them to join us will be a bit more tricky. No one wants to go against the Dark-'
"Don't f**king mention their name!" Ezra shouts.
Oliver holds a hand up.
Unlike us, he has no fear of talking to Ezra.
"If we had had Zao right now as an ally, this would all be much easier but alas, he is dead."
"Don't remind me...and she was there! How did he not know that he had her!"
"Maybe he did?"
"Then he was a traitor all this time!"
"Even so, he would have still been useful. You need to learn to not give in to your emotions so much. Learn to use people to your advantage even if they piss you off." Oliver says.
Ezra pays him no mind and continues to speak. "And how the f**k did she end up with him? I couldn't even get to her and I was trying."
"No idea but now we have to focus on the task at hand."
"Yeah...getting all these packs to join us." Ezra says.
"Yes but..."
"But?"
"All these years they have stayed away. They won't be easily persuaded in fact......I really doubt they will join us."
"So then what?"
"Do not fret. There is always a way. There is no way that we will be able to defeat the Dark Fang Pack without their help. They will help whether they know it or not."
Ezra growls at the mention of the enemy pack. "Maybe seeing that you and I have an alliance will help with that and they will follow suit."
"I don't even have a pack right now." Oliver says.
"But you have all these rogues with you? So that might be enough. How did you end up with so many rogues anyway?"
"I paid for them. Dipped into the family fortune. But that is not what we should use as a focus. We need to put emphasis on the river packs they attacked and took control of." "Yeah... you are right. That will be what undoes them."
"Then leave it to me. I am a good talker and if I can't get you these alliances, I have plan B already good to go." Oliver says.
The way he says this makes me think that this man is very smart. He has been playing games maybe even playing both sides. I don't like him one bit.
"And what do you want?"
Ezra asks. "You are doing all of this but never told me what you want in return?"
"I want my pack back." He replies.
"The pack that you left?" Ezra asks.
"If I would have stayed, they would have killed me. I knew my pack members would be safe because these people like to recycle and reuse their prisoners of war. It would have been a waste for them to have killed all of my men." "I see. So you have given thought to all of this."
"Yes."
There is much more to this man than he leads on. I have a bad feeling about him.
As their talk leaves the room, we all feel like we can suddenly breathe once again with my brother out of the room. We all look at each other but do not say a single thing.
As the day progresses, the night finally arrives. I leave my room and head to the game room, just as I do almost every night.
There are only three more people here. The poor man who got his tongue cut out today sits in a corner with his brother who protested and almost got his tongue chopped off too.
Christoph, the man who was my father's beta, sits here as well, drinking. He learned to play the game quickly when Ezra took over. He did not once protest when he got removed as beta or interfered with any of Ezra's decisions. He has kept himself invisible from Ezra's radar.
Suddenly, someone who does not belong here walks in. Matilda, the old cook. She walks in with the pretense of handing out pastries that were left over at dinner.
Something she tends to do and did even before Ezra took over. She would walk around the pack house handing them away but this time, there is an ulterior motive to it.
"Here you go, young Alpha."
"Thank you. Did the grain you use come from the outside of the pack?" I ask.
"No, but I will be using it tomorrow morning for the morning pastries."
I nod. "I see."
"Then you should probably tell your cooks to use blueberries. It seems they are in bloom this season."
Cristoph mentions.
"They have not been in season here.” She says.
"But they will be...and our pack will benefit from it, especially with so many."
"I see." She says, pensive.
"Also..." The guard that soothes his brother starts speaking. "...make sure to throw the rotten apples away. There is one in particular that is at the root of it and seems to help all the other apples rot."
"Is this apple newly arrived?"
She asks.
"Yes."
"I see. Very well. Thank you for
your suggestions."
Sugestions...code talk. Only those who are not being watched can deliver messages so she fits the bill perfectly.
We all almost got caught meeting once so now our meetings are like this. We don't talk to each other unless it is by hiding what we are trying to say in a normal chitchat. It is still a risk but no way we are all going to sit back and let Ezra do what he wants. We contemplated killing him with poison in his food once but Ezra has a taster. It was the witch's idea.
She was a smart one. It's a good thing she is gone but she was the one who kept
Ezra on a leash.
Now Ezra is out of control and I am not sure anyone will be able to hold his crazy back.
###Chapter 76
"Are you...okay?"
“I...hmh...no!” I throw up everything that I have eaten in the last couple of hours."
"I told you! You should not have come to see the body." Colt says.
"You were right. I shouldn't have."
Before leaving the room, I glance back one more time.
Two bodies lie next to each other. Men I have seen around the house doing rounds and now they are dead.
Who is killing them, and why?
"Come on. You shouldn't have to see this." Colt rubs my back and leads us out.
Back in the war room, we are all gathered here now.
"We know it for a fact. Ezra is meeting with other packs and looking to make alliances. And to top it off, we have confirmation that Oliver is with him." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Archie-the beta-says.
"We suspected that but how do you know all of this for sure?"
He nods. "We have people inside helping us. Feeding us information."
"Mh...and what can we make about these killings? Are these...random killings?"
"We don't know yet. But we do know that it was done with the same weapon."
"Same weapon? So it must be the same person then.”
"Yes, we believe so."
"Is it Ezra?" I ask.
"We don't know."
"If so, that means that he would have infiltrated the pack and by him, I mean one of his men."
"Which is not farfetched since assassins have been running amock around our pack already."
"True, but I am not sure it is Ezra. Why would he want to kill these men? They were guards, and I am not trying to belittle them, I am just saying that killing these men seems senseless." Colt says.
Victor-who had been just listening-nods. "Agree."
"Then what the hell is going on?" I ask.
"We have a murderer among us."
Great, as if we don't have enough complications already.
"So what do we do?"
"Place more guards around the house. These murders seem to be concentrated on the main house." Archie says.
"I'll continue investigating."
"Yes. Keep doing that. In the meantime, everyone be careful." I say.
They all nod.
"Now, how is Rodrick doing with Oliver's pack?"
"He already sent a report.
The pack is secured and under control."
"Good. And the river packs?"
"All good as well but we might want to have one of our generals there." Vitor says.
I ponder this for a moment.
"I don't think that would be such a good idea." Garret says. "I get that you want to have someone strong at the forefront. The river packs are the only thing between this pack and Ezra's. So if they are attacked, they'd be the first ones to fall and the general stationed there with it."
Exactly what I was thinking.
"Send...Crow." I say.
"Crow!" They all ask with shock and confusion. "He is a rogue!"
"A rogue that has been working for us." I remind them.
"Because he fears your father." Beck says.
"I am not so sure about that.
He told you of where I was, did he not?"
They all look at each other.
"Look, before here, I had never heard of rogues working for a pack and they did not seem to be under the influence of my father's power. Why is that?"
"Warrick...knew he didn't have to." Archie says.
"And why is that?"
"Well...his words were that a well-fed dog will not bite the hand that feeds him.”
I nod. "So, we keep the agreement with them but also reward them for what they have done."
"Reward them? If we are attacked, they'd be the first to fall. Hardly a reward."
"They don't know that." I tell them. "The river packs will either fall or not. It is one or the other. So do you really want to sacrifice our own good men knowing this?" "Can you sacrifice even them?" Colt asks.
I look down. He knows me well. I did come up with this idea but the more I think about it, the harder it is to do.
"I can't. So...we explain it to them. We tell them the truth.
Rogues-despite their bad reputation-can be fearless...or idiots but will render the same results."
"And if they refuse?" Garret asks.
"Then we'll think of something else."
"Very well. I'll send notice to them now." Victor says, leaving the room.
"Let's meet up again when we have heard from them."
Everyone is dismissed.
"How is your stomach feeling?" Colt asks.
"My stomach?!" I panic.
"Yeah...you threw up earlier."
"Oh...much better.'
"Cass, there you are. Come." Kanda appears from out of nowhere and grabs my hand.
"What are you doing?"
"I want to speak to you." She looks at Colt. "Only girls. No boys allowed."
Colt's eyebrow shoots up.
"Is it boy talk?" I ask, laughing.
"Uhm... yeah. Boy talk."
I give Colt a smile and wink at him before turning the corner and leaving him smiling.
"Is this about my brothers?"
"Why? Have they said anything?" She asks.
I laugh. "Not at the moment.'
"Oh. But no. I lied. It's about you." SHe says.
"Me?"
"Yeah."
Within minutes, we are at the pack doctor.
"Here she is doctor. Check her."
"Check me?"
"Just because you are keeping it a secret does not mean that you shouldn't be taking care of yourself. I told the doctor of the situation and told him that I'd kill him if he said anything." "Kanda?!"
She waves her hands and leaves, closing the door behind her.
The doctor gives me a frazzled stare. "If it is your wish that it is kept a secret, then so it shall, Alpha. But the scary lady is right. It is best to make sure that everything is going good." "Alright." I give in. I know they are right.
"Good. We'll do an internal sonogram and-"
"No. I don't want to do that without Colt."
"Very well. We can just do a check-up without a sonogram."
I nod, relieved. "Okay.
He takes blood and then I pee in a cup-obviously not in front of him.
He then puts a device on my stomach.
"What is this?"
"A fetalscope. It is a specialized stethoscope used to hear the heartbeat of a fetus." He explains.
"Oh."
He puts the end of the device in his ears and stays silent for a few seconds.
"It is very early in the pregnancy so it is hard to hear it but, you can still hear it. Here."
He puts the device on my ears.
"The loud heartbeat is yours.
Ignore that one and try to listen in between them."
I stay quiet, concentrating until I do hear it.
It is so subtle but it is there.
I almost can't believe it. It is hard to believe in something when you don't see it but it is there. There is a tiny little being inside of me. It is surreal. "Our little Alpha is growing.
The early stages are crucial so please don't exert yourself."
I nod. "How far along do you think I am?"
"It is hard to determine without having a look but I would say around twelve weeks, give or take. Your morning sickens should improve soon."
"That's great news." I am excited about that.
"You know, you won't be able to hide it soon." He says. "I give it a week or two till pack members can tell. Your scent will start changing soon and the fetal heartbeat will only get stronger, strong enough that it will be heard by others in the pack."
I suck in a deep breath. I need to tell Colt. But I also need to make a decision about what to do with my powers. Honora has done this before but never on a pregnant woman. She doesn't know if it will affect the baby but even she says that she doesn't believe it will. I need to think hard about this.
I head back to the dining room, looking for Colt. As I pass through the hall with windows, I notice in the distance that the reforming camp is gone. I can't see the wooden structures that were there before.
Victor did as I asked. It brings a smile to my face.
"What are you so happy about?" Colt appears behind me.
"That." I point out of the window.
He almost gasps. "It's gone?"
"Yes! Finally."
He smiles and turns to me.
"Thank you. I know I haven't shown it but it bothered me every time I saw it."
I put a hand on his cheek.
"Don't thank me. It was the right thing to do."
He gets close and puts his hands on my waist. "Mh. I need to thank you...I want to thank you. Tonight, let me show you how thankful I am." His voice is low and filled with want. I know how he wants to thank me. The way he says it makes a desire burn in me. "Okay, I won't refuse it."
He ki*ses me. His l*ps are always so warm.
"Cass!"
"What?!" I ask, startled.
I turn to see Victor. "There is another one."
"Another one? Another what?"
"Another b*dy!"
"What?!"
"F**k!" Colt curses.
"Where?!"
He leads me upstairs to one of the bathrooms in the hall.
A body is clumsily lying down inside the tub, her legs out of the tub.
"A woman?"
"Yes. One of the maids.
The clear shower curtain thankfully covers her but you can see all the blood that slides down the tub.
"This was not so long ago.
Fifteen minutes, give or take."
"So they could still be around?"
"Yet it could be anyone."
Garret mutters.
"We have a serious problem here. Someone is killing our people and in broad daylight. A bold move...or a crazy one." Colt says.
I nod. "Either one is not good."
"We haven't told the pack of what is happening but I think we are going to have to now." Victor says.
"Alright, if you think we should, then let's do it. I just hope it doesn't cause panic."
"I know." I can tell he is worried about it too.
"If only you could use your power to find out the truth."
Garret says.
He is right. If my powers worked, I could ask pack members and find out who did it. I could stop another murder.
I am the Alpha of this pack. This is my family and I need to do something to help.
"I am going to do it." I mutter to Colt.
"Do what?"
"I am going to let Honora help me. I need to get control of my power.
Colt cautiously nods. "Okay.
I am concerned but this is your decision." He hugs me.
I wonder if he would think the same if he knew I was with child. I honestly don't think he would.
I hug him tightly.
I am sorry. I am sorry for doing this. I am sorry for not telling you.
As soon as we can, we head back to Honora's shop. I don't know if this is the right thing to do but I am doing it.
###Chapter 77
"I am ready." Honora says.
"We have not discussed payment yet." Lotus says.
"As I have previously stated, the mother..." She points at me. "her mother has already paid enough to cover all of this. We had a deal she and I. That is all I need. Now please, come."
She leads us to the room behind the store.
"Lie here just like I told you."
I take my shirt off and stay with just my braw as she told me to do before. Colt helps me up the table and I lie on it as Honora tells me to do. Poppy is here with us too.
With all of them here I feel safe.
"Can I ask you something?" I ask Honora as I lie there.
"If...ever I were to...have a child, would it be possible that this child could be born the same way I was?"
"Very possible. In fact, it would be a really high chance that one of your future children could be born just as you were." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.Great, more to worry about.
"That can be talked about whenever the time comes, right now all you have to do is relax. Let's focus on this matter and let me do all the work."
She puts some sort of oil on her hand and rubs it all over her fingers. She then closes her eyes as if she is concentrating and then moves her hands over my body as if she is rubbing them on me but she is not touching me at all, they just hover over me. "Mh...you have several blockages. Here..." Her hand hovers over my abdomen and then moves up to my chest. "Here, and here." She finishes, hovering above my head.
She grabs her mortar, moves the pestle away, and dabs her fingers in it. She grabs a mixture of herbs and oils she mixed and ground together just before we started and then places a small amount on my abdomen and rubs it all over my skin on the area. It is cool, like those lotions I use for aching muscles.
She keeps her eyes closed and starts chanting. It is strange to hear. They are words I can't understand. As she does this, I start to feel like I am going to be sick. I want to throw up but nothing really comes up.
She continues chanting as she rubs the oil for a few more minutes.
"How are you feeling?" Colt whispers in my ear.
"I'm okay."
Honora finally moves to my chest. She takes more of the concoction she made and rubs it on my chest area. Over the ribcage, sternum and clavicle area. As she rubs, she chants again. I start feeling burning inside. As if it was acid reflux. “Is this normal?" I ask her.
"What I am feeling..."
For a second, she pauses from the chanting to respond "Yes" and then continues.
After she is done, she moves to my head. She rubs the gritty oil on my forehead and starts chanting again.
Now I feel like I am getting a migraine.
“Uh..." I moan. feeling the pain. Once she is done, she hands me a small flask.
"Drink this."
For a moment I hesitate but then do as she tells me.
"The blocked nodes have been unblocked. Now you need to rest."
"It all hurts." I complain.
She nods. "I know and it is going to get worse before it gets better. You need rest."
"Okay, so that is it?" Colt asks, helping me up.
"Yes. If anything comes up, I am just a call away. I will also come to check up on you soon."
"How will we know that it worked?" Poppy asks.
"Once she is feeling better, she can give her power a try."
"Just like that?"
"Yes. Trust me. I am good at what I do." She says.
"Thank you." Lotus says helping Colt lead me out.
We ride back home and I can't help but doze off in the middle of the drive even though I am in pain.
"...Don't worry sweetheart...mommy won't
let anyone hurt you..." A woman's voice echoes in my head but I can't hear everything she says. "...will never get you..." The voice is soothing and seems familiar. When the voice is gone, all I feel is cold as if I was in the middle of a freezing blizzard but all I see is darkness. I feel a sense of anguish as that voice echoes away.
Then I suddenly open my eyes. It is bright. I have to close my eyes as the light stings. When I open them again, the light is less bright and now I can see.
I am in a room with creme-colored walls.
I have seen this room before.
I lift my head to see Colt sitting on a chair next to the bed I lie on.
The pack infirmary.
"When did we get here." I say but it is hard to talk.
He looks up at me with relief.
"Cass!" He holds my hand and a welcoming warmth travels through it.
"What happened? Why am I here?"
"You had a seizure in the car."
"I what?"
"You were uncontrollably shaking and then when you got here, you had a fever."
The doctor walks in. "How are you feeling?"
"I...uhm...tired."
"No pain?"
I shake my head. "No."
"Good. Now I told you not to exert yourself in your condition."
My eyes widen. I immediately look at Colt who now looks pissed, he lets go of my hand and looks away.
He knows.
I sigh. "You know.'
"Yeah." He says, sounding angry.
I narrow my eyes at the doctor.
"We had to give you a medication that could harm the fetus. So we had to ask for his permission and in doing so, we had to tell him the truth. The good news is that the fetus is unharmed. Growing strong every day."
That's good news but... shit!
"I know you are the Alpha,'
the doctor says. "...and I know that you have many responsibilities but I am going to ask you to please refrain yourself from doing anything that will harm you or the baby."
I look down and nod.
"I'll send our nurse with some medication to help you sleep later. I am keeping you here until tomorrow to make sure that everything is okay." He walks out leaving me with an angry-looking Colt. "Colt-"
"Explain to me why. Why didn't you tell me?" He asks.
"I... didn't want to be worried over."
"What? What does that even mean?"
"You- I knew that if you found out, you'd be overprotective and I mean way over the top."
"Of course, I'd be overprotective! You are the love of my life and that is my child!" He raises his voice but he does not yell at me. I can see his frustration. "How long were you going to wait to tell me?"
I don't know how to answer that.
"I am sorry." That is all I can say.
He looks away.
"Colt."
"I am staying here with you but I do not want to talk anymore right now."
"Colt-"
"Cass! I need my space to think. But I don't want to leave you alone here. So please, give me some silence."
"O-okay." I say in a small voice.
I feel guilty. I know what I did was wrong. I should have told him. He had a right to know. He should not have found out like this.
Honora suddenly walks in and I am surprised to see her.
"You are here?!"
She smiles. "Yes. Lotus called me immediately after you left and told me what happened. No one I have ever treated like I did you has had a reaction like yours.
I can only assume it is because of the child that you carry which leads me to believe that he or she will be born with powers such as yours. Once the cat was out of the bag for you, Lotus, and your mate..." She motions to Colt. "...thought that it would be better if I stayed close for a while."
It scares me to think that my baby will be born just as was. I would not have survived if not for Honora so
I do feel much better that she is here.
"Thank you." I tell her.
"No need to thank me, I am here for anything you need."
I am fussed over by everyone during the remanding of the day. My brothers, Lotus, Poppy, Kanda, Dash, everyone. My father would have come to see me too if not because he can't walk or be moved.
Lotus says that he has been asking about me non-stop and she said that she had never seen such happiness on his face when she told him about my pregnancy.
I am happy that this child is wanted by so many people.
He or she will never feel unloved.
When night comes, Colt moves one of the other beds next to mine and links them together, then lies next to me.
"Colt-"
"Unless you need help with something, I am not talking to you about our situation just yet." He says, calmly.
I sigh. "Can I have some water."
"Yes." He gets up and fetches me a cup of water.
After I drink it, we lie next to each other and get some sleep. The next day, the doctor says I am all good to go. Of course, he leaves me with instructions on things I should and shouldn't do.
I head back to my room where I get a good shower and get ready for the day but Colt watches me as if he is just yet." He says, calmly.
I sigh. "Can I have some water."
"Yes." He gets up and fetches me a cup of water.
After I drink it, we lie next to each other and get some sleep. The next day, the doctor says I am all good to go. Of course, he leaves me with instructions on things I should and shouldn't do.
I head back to my room where I get a good shower and get ready for the day but Colt watches me as if he is waiting to see what I am going to do.
"Let me guess. You don't want me to go train."
"What did the doctor say?"
He asks but he was there, he knows exactly what the doctor said.
I sigh. "Not a good idea."
Colt-looking satisfied-doesn't say anything else.
With another heavy sigh, I go to the dining room to eat breakfast. We eat in silence and because of this, the people here sound louder than usual. After breakfast, we start to head to the war room but I can't take this silent treatment from Colt.
"Are you never going to talk to me again?"
"What do you mean? Isn't this what you wanted?"
"What?! Why would you say that?"
"I am not fussing over you, right? That's what you wanted."
"I told you I was sorry."
"That doesn't take away the hurt that I felt when I found out from someone else that you were pregnant and then in the worst situation ever."
I look down feeling ashamed.
"I love you, Cass. And I am beyond happy knowing that we are going to be parents. But I am also hurt right now. I thought you trusted me. Would I have tried to stop you from doing something that I think would cause you and the baby harm? I would definitely try to talk you out of it. But I would always respect your decision in the end."
Looking down, I nod.
He puts a finger under my chin and makes me look up at him.
"I love you Cass but I am not happy and I am hurt and I am not sure that I will be happy again in a long while...but... I am here, I will always be here."
###Chapter 78
"Will this work?" Miles asks.
"I have no idea. I hope so."
I look into Bryn's eyes and she looks into mine with hope and expectation.
I focus, trying to reach the power inside of me. "Bryn, you may speak again." I recite.
She takes in a deep breath and opens her mouth. "I..hate you."
"You did it!" Dash cheers.
"Ah!" Bryn screams as she jumps with excitement.
That was a lot easier to do.
Flook back at Honora with a smile. "It worked!"
She smiles back and nods.
"As it should."
I am so happy that this is not something I have to worry about anymore.
"Now let's take care of that baby. Here, drink this tea." She says handing
me a tea cup.
"Tea? What is it for?" I ask as I take it.
I never really liked tea even though I have had it with Lotus and Poppy but just out of courtesy.
"It is Rooibos tea. It's full of antioxidants and naturally free of caffeine.
It's good for the baby."
Kanda nods. "Yes, Rooibas tea is very good for pregnancies." Yuck...
I sigh and start slowly sipping the tea.
When Honora walks out of the parlor, Lotus takes the teacup from my hand and smells it. She then takes a sip.
"What is it?"
"Nothing. Tastes like normal Rooibos tea."
"Why would you think differently?"
"She is good at making potions so just making sure she didn't pi something extra that might be bad for werewolves and she might not know about it." She looks towards the door Honora left and mutters. "I should probably go tell her about some of the plants that could harm our kind just in case."
I narrow my eyes at her. "Are you all going to be fussing like this the whole time?"
She laughs and walks away. "Maybe."
"Hey, you!" I hear Bryn behind me.
"I can't believe that you did that to me! You are horrible!" She continues talking and I am already sick of it.
"Bryn...quiet."
She stops her yapping unable to talk again.
Her eyes widen and they water.
"I am not asking you to bend over backward, just, leave me alone. Live your life and don't bother me or I promise you, you will never talk again. You can speak again."
"I...fine..." She says and sprints out of the room.
"Mhm. You are way scarier now." Dash says.
"I am?"
"Yes."
"Don't worry. I am not going to abuse this power."
"Good. Then you'll be a good one."
I smile and nod.
My eyes fall to Colt who quietly sits on the sofa watching me. He doesn't speak to me unless there is something to be said. Has been like this all day.
I feel frustrated but I don't say anything. I leave him alone like he wanted.
He follows me to the war room for our meeting.
"It is confirmed that they have not had their meeting with these other packs just yet. But something is up. My contacts tell me that Oliver has been having secret meetings with Ezra. So they have not been able to get any more information on their plan." "I see. Have we contacted these other packs?" I ask.
"Of course. We've contacted the major packs that surround all of us.
Most of them are very weary. They don't know who to believe and many of them don't want to deal with us."
"Thaks to our reputation..." I mutter.
"Maybe we could host our own meeting?" Colt speaks.
"If we did this, we'd have to be careful. Many of these packs are already on Ezra's side just because they don't like us." Garret says.
"Then we should. Let's at least try."
"Alright. It will take me a day or two to make a plan." Victor says.
I look at Archie now. "Anything new about the murders?"
"I have narrowed my suspicions to a few suspects. I need you to use your power on them now that you have it."
"Alright. Let's do it."
"Let's start with someone who is right here, right this moment."
"Someone here?" I am surprised and so is everyone else.
He nods and looks at Kanda. "You."
"Me?!" Kanda is surprised and so am I.
"Why her?" I ask.
"Murders started after you all came back. It's not personal, but because of this, I can't just rule her out. I have to look at every angle."
"Well...you are right." Kanda says, surprising us again. She looks at me.
"Do it."
Without hesitating, I nod and stare into her eyes. “Alright. Kanda, did you murder those men?"
"No." She quickly says.
"Did
you have anything to do with it?"
"No." She says again.
"There. She is innocent."
Archie nods. "Very well. I" bring you the others."
Kanda gives me a big smile lifting her two thumbs up.
Archie eventually brings all his suspects but they all come out clean.
"Back to square one." Archie says disappointed. "In the meantime, no one should walk alone. Always have someone with you." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.We all agree and end the meeting. I head up to see Warrick and update him on everything but he won't even listen to anything that does not concern the pregnancy. He seems much more excited than anyone else, even me.
"You old dump truck a*s is going to be a grandpa." I playfully tell him.
He laughs. "Call me whatever the hell you want, it won't diminish my spirit! I had lost hope with Victor and Garret. Those two have not found their mates yet."
"I never knew how much you wanted to be a grandpa."
"Of course I did! To see my line continue..it's all I always wanted, power or not."
I smile. "Well, you need to get better if you want to see this little one grow. So hurry up!"
"I'll be doing somersaults by the time this one is born."
"Can't wait to see that then." I kiss his head and leave him to rest.
The doctor told me that he is getting better. It will still be slow but there is improvement.
Colt and I have dinner in our room. He is quiet most of the time but I find myself wanting him close. I want his touch, his warmth. As we watch TV, I steal glances in his direction. I also look at my clock. There is somewhere I need to be soon and I don't want to miss it Suddenly, Colt wraps his arms around me.
It surprises me. "Are you-"
"No." He quickly says.
"..okay."
He sighs. "I am not trying to give you the silent treatment. I am just not ready yet but I can feel you want a hug."
"You do?"
"Yeah. You are my mate."
"Yes, I am. Now come with me." I take his hand and lead him out.
"Where are we going?"
Quitely I lead him to the Doctor's office.
"Why are we here?" Colt asks.
"I made an appointment. We are going to see our bean."
"We..are?"
"Right this way Alpha. Our nurse sonographer is ready for you." The doctor says.
Within a few minutes, we are staring at the black screen with a tiny thing in the middle.
"I guess it is much bigger than a bean now." I mutter.
Colt is silent but does not unglue his eyes from the monitor.
"There. You can see the heart beating." The doctor points to an area that thumps up and down.
"It's...kicking..." Colt says as we watch a little leg go up and down.
It is strange to see that. I don't feel anything.
"A little dancer." I mutter.
"Does...does anything look strange to you?" I ask the doctor.
I am thinking back to when I was born.
"No. Everything looks excellent."
I feel relieved.
I feel Colt hold my hand as he continues to stare at the screen in awe.
"And we can't check the sex yet?"
"Right now this is all we can see, it is hard to see when it's this early."
The nurse says.
"Okay."
I walk out of the office feeling elated. I turn to Colt who-with no surprise to me-has been quiet.
He walks next to me looking into the distance.
"C-Colt?"
Finally, he looks at me and to my surprise, smiles.
"It was kicking." He says.
My mouth also curves in a smile. "Yes. It was."
"I... can't believe we are going to be parents."
"I know. It seems surreal."
He nods, agreeing.
After walking in silence, he speaks again. "We need to end this."
"End what?"
"This mess with Ezra. I want to just focus on you...us." He moves close.
"I don't want to have to worry about Ezra anymore."
"That would be great. I am tired of it too."
"Mh..." He nods. "Come, let me pamper you."
"Pamper me?"
"Yeah. I am doing this every night before bed. You are carrying our child and deserve it."
He takes me to the bathroom and runs me a warm bath. I take my clothes off and get in. He does the same and sits behind me where he massages my shoulders and back. It feels so good and didn't know how much I needed it. After the warm relaxing bath, we lie in bed.
"So...are you...not angry at me anymore?"
"No. But don't do something like that again. I am your mate and you know you can trust me with anything. I am here for you no matter what."
"Okay, and you are right. You are my mate, I know I can trust you with anything."
We finally both are able to get a peaceful sleep until we are woken up by a knock on the door.
"Yeah?!" Colt asks.
"Alpha, Victor, and Garret wish to speak. They say it is urgent." It is Serge speaking.
"Very well." I say but can't seem to get up. I am so comfortable.
I close my eyes taking Colt's scent in when he suddenly asks a weird unrelated question.
"Uhm...we can still have sex, right?" He suddenly asks.
My eyes pop open. "What do you mean?"
"I mean...even if you are pregnant."
"Oh. Yeah. We can."
"That's a relief." He says and we both laugh.
"Can't live without it, huh?"
"I'm sure I could but I choose not to. I mean, I have two hands but you feel so much better." He growls in my ear.
"Then maybe later we can take a little break and you can tell me how much better I feel while you are inside me."
He closes his eyes and moans. "Mh."
Laughing, I get up and get ready. We both do. We walk downstairs ready to see Victor and Garret. I am surprised to see people rushing about and looking a bit lost.
"What is happening?"
"That's a good question." Colt mutters.
As we walk downstairs, Victor rushes to us.
"Cass!"
"What is it? What is all this commotion about?"
"You are not going to believe it!"
"Tell me!"
"Alphas of neighboring packs are lining up outside. They have arrived for a meeting.
"What?! Why didn't You tell me they were coming already?!"
"Because I didn't know!"
"What do you mean? Didn't you say you were going to prepare a plan for a meeting?"
"Yes, but I have not even finished it!"
"Then...why?"
He shakes his head. "I don't know.
###Chapter 79
"How many have arrived?" I ask.
"Three so far but by the looks of it, it seems as if it will be more." Victor replies. "How did this happen?!"
"I have no idea. No one that I know of has mailed invitations on our behalf." He holds an invitation card out for me to see. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I take it and examine it. It looks like a legit invitation telling them that they are invited to a feast in our pack with the pretense of a neutral council after and it even has the seal of neutrality. "This look..legit."
"It does and so we have to treat it as is." Victor says.
"What do we do?"
The seal of neutrality and a neutral council...it means that all fire is ceased and no one is allowed to make an advantageous move. It would be treason to do so to all other packs.
"We can't turn them away." Garret says. "If they find out that this was a hoax made by our enemy, they will start thinking that we are weak."
I nod. "Okay, so we do the opposite and use this to our advantage. We show them how strong we are. We show them how it would not be a good idea for them to join Ezra and go against us."
"I agree but also, we need to be very careful. This is obviously a plan from Ezra." Colt says.
"What in the world is he trying to do?"
"I am sure we will know soon enough." Garrets says.
"And the Alphas? Do they know what is going on?" I ask.
Victor shakes his head. "No, they assume they are here exactly for what the invitation says. We've never hosted an Alpha feast or council so most of them-I am sure, didn't think it would be a good idea to refuse." "Poppy and Lotus are having rooms prepared as we speak and our cooks started working overtime today." Garret ads"This is all a bad idea." Beck says.
"We can't just throw them out. Many of them could be offended."
Victor tells him.
"Since when have we cared what they think."
"Since we heard that Ezra was looking for an alliance." Archie replies.
"Sometimes things have to be done differently. Now Alpha, you need to go greet them. We have deviated those that have already arrived to the parlor where we are distracting them with drinks."
"Having a murderer on the loose also spells trouble on top of all of this." Beck mutters.
I nod to them all. "Alright, everyone stay sharp. Keep me informed."
As they start to leave, I start panicking. I am supposed to stand in front of these Alphas and speak to them?
"Cass, act strong." Colt says. "Like the ruthless cutthroat your father is.
These men will not see you as their equal just for being a woman. So you must show them that you are not afraid." "I will try but it is easier said than done."
"You can always show them your power." Beck says with a sly smile walking nearby. He's such a troublemaker. "Colt, will you come with me?"
"Of course. I won't take over but I will help you if you need it."
"Okay. Thank you."
Putting on a brave face, I head downstairs to the parlor. The house is up in an uproar trying to get things done. A feast is something you prepare days before the actual day. There is just so much that goes into it especially when you have so many guests. I pause and take a deep breath before I enter the parlor. Serge and Colt stand with me.
As I go in, three imposing men stare at me. Two of them with wrinkles that can rival a cracked desert and the other is as young as a child who just entered his puberty phase.
"You... must be...the woman Alpha." One of the old men says. His tone is condescending and he does not hide it.
"Just Alpha and yes, I am a woman," I reply. "I am Casseopea, and you all are
They all look at Colt.
"Alpha Turner." The quiet older one says.
The vocal old Alpha speaks up. "Alpha Holmes."
"Alpha Duke." The young one says.
"Then it is nice to make your acquaintance." I say.
"I am sure it is for you, to be in the presence of real Alphas. We've all heard the stories of your dysfunctional family."
"Then we are all dysfunctional here. Two old men who are nearly at death's door but too stubborn to pass down the baton and a young man who most likely was just recently weaned from breastfeeding."
They all stare at me with rage.
"I will not stand here and be insulted by a she-wolf who believed she is on my level." Holmes says.
"I am not on your level, I am way above it! And if you wish to test my position, then you will all fall short for I possess a skill that none of you do. You don't have to like me but you are all here for a reason and I demand your respect just as I give you mine. Or did you just come here to throw insults at me?"
One of the old men sits and props his leg on his knee looking amused.
"Why have you asked us to come here?" He looks at Colt.
Shit. I didn't think that far ahead.
"Rest. We'll have a feast and after we can talk." I tell him. This is how Father would handle it...I hope.
"You did not answer our question, Alpha Colt."
I narrow my eyes. The fuckers are purposely ignoring me. "And I told you that we will discuss all of this later."
"Shush, girl. The Alphas are speaking." Shush?
"So Alpha Colt, what say you?"
"I am not Alpha of this pack." Colt says. "And I'd mind what I say if I were you."
SHUSH?
"If you wish to test me like this, then fine!"
He laughs, sounding amused.
I look at Holmes wanting to rip him apart. "Jump on one foot you sack of shit!"
Holmes starts doing exactly what I told him to do. "What in the blazes!”
He has a lot of difficulty and I can swear I heard a bone crack.
I know that if I use my powers on any of them, that could cause much more problems, these men's egos are unmatched but I don't give a damn.
"You.." I look at Turner and look at his guards next to him. I look deep into the eyes of one of them before I ask him my question. "Why has
your Alpha agreed to come here?"
Turner starts to complain. "These are my men and you don't-"
"No one has ever stepped foot in the Dark Fang Pack, this is a good way to scope the enemy. His words." The guard says.
The old man gasps while Holmes continues to jump.
I now look at the young Alpha. "Should I make you cry like a little girl?"
He steps back and shakes his head holding his hands up. "No, please."
"Stop!" I shout at Holmes. He finally stops jumping and stands looking so frazzled
"I am my father's daughter. So no, I am not the most stable of people but I am rational. If you wish to fuck with me, then expect to receive the same from me. I am trying to be cordial here, but I will NOT be played with! So show. Some. Respect! Because next time I might not be so benign."
I storm out feeling angry and satisfied at the same time.
I walk up to the front door but turn to Colt.
"Shit...did I fuck up?"
"No...maybe...I mean, you gave them a peace of your mind for sure and they were being assholes. Your father would have probably killed one of them in your position so I think you did good."
That is actually the same thing I wanted to do. I wanted to kill them for trying to make a fool out of me.
I can see more Alphas arriving outside.
I sigh. How am I supposed to keep myself from actually doing a Father would do and killing one of them?
"I am not talking to any of them again until the feast." I say.
"Alright, I'll let Lotus and Poppy know to greet them.”
I head upstairs to go see Warrick.
"You bastard could not get healthy fast enough to deal with all of this?"
That makes him laugh.
'You don't need me.
"Maybe I do."
"You will do fine. Don't let them intimidate you."
"Oh, I don't. I'm not afraid of them, I am afraid of what I will do. When I get angry, I just can't think."
"Well then do like me, stop trying to control the anger."
"Then I'll end up like you. Killing everything I don't like."
"Exactly. It gets rid of the problem."
I roll my eyes. "Seriously though, I am not ready at all. I know this. But I will step up and do my best." "Good and don't take shit from anyone. If you have to kill someone to make a point, do it."
"No."
"Just an idea."
"No."
He sighs.
"Once this is all over and things have calmed down, I'll make it official."
"Make what official?"
"You will be officially Alpha of the Dark Fang Pack."
"What? That's too soon!"
"Not soon enough. Look, I will not be able to be the man I was before. I am not fit to be Alpha anymore."
"Have you seen those old sacks of dust that came here as Alpha of their packs? Ifthey can be Alphas, then so can you."
"They are idiots. I good Alpha knows when to step down. Such fools."
"Warrick, I am not sure I am ready to be Alpha.”
"How about you call me dad already, and no one is ready to step into the position of Alpha. But you won't be alone, you will have Colt at your side." He narrows his eyes. "I am sure you intended to rule with him as equal.” I smile and nod
"Yeah, I thought so." He says.
"And you don't care?"
"He has proven to be loyal to you and that is all that matters. He is a good man too and a good Alpha. As much as I dislike the idea, I still can't complain. Look, we'll talk about this later. Just go and do what you need to do." "Alright." I say as I get up. "I am posting more guards here with you.
"Why?" He asks.
"To keep you safe. You are still the Alpha and you'd be much of a target as I am.”
"Fine, fine." He mutters.
He is definitely looking much better lately and that makes me happy.
To think that I would ever care for such a man. A few months ago I would have been cursing at myself for even thinking that.
When evening comes, Colt and I get ready. I have to look presentable so Poppy dresses me. She puts me in a navy blue dress. It has an empire waist that is laced with shiny beads. It is fitted and hugs my body until it starts flowing at the knee area down to my feet. Colt loves it and I can tell that he already wants to take it off of me.
Leaving those thoughts for later, we go outside. It is where the feast is being held since we don't have a room in the house big enough to house everyone.
The place has been decorated beautifully. I am impressed that our pack did this so suddenly.
There are laced wooden fences decorated with sprinkled lights and flowers. There are also a few Arbor arches decorated the same way.
Even the garden has fairy lights all over making it look enchanting. It looks great especially done on such short notice.
There are five tables to sit all the Alphas and some even are stil arriving. The feast has not started yet so everyone walks around talking and mingling.
Now here I stand, looking at all of them and I am supposed to give a damn speech soon...shit.
###Chapter 80
I look around first without engaging. Garret, Victor, and all of my generals mingle. They act normal but I know they are trying to get as much information as possible.
"You will do great, my love."
Colt says.
I turn to him. I have been so stressed with all of this that I had not noticed how good he looks.
I caress his cheek. "So handsome."
"You think so?" He asks with a cheeky smile.
"Yes."
"And you are looking exquisite. Maybe we should just forget about this whole party."
I squint my eyes at him. "You lie."
He laughs. "We can dream."
I sigh. "I don't like having responsibilities."
If we weren't the ones in charge, then we could forget about all of this and go have some fun. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I turn back to the festivity. Some of the Alphas socialize with each other. I can see which one of them knows each other and most of them do.
"Cass." Garret walks up to me.
"So, anything?" I ask.
"Unfortunately, none of them know anything. It seems that they were all surprised to receive this invitation."
"Are our borders secure?"
"Yes. The possibility that this is all just a distraction is high."
"Good. Now, what am I supposed to say to-" My train of thought disappears when I spot someone that should be resting upstairs. "What is Dad doing here?!"
"What the hell?" Garret is just as surprised as I am.
Colt, Garret, and I all rush to Warrick. Victor gets there in no time as well.
"What are you doing?"
"He won't listen." Lotus says sounding tired. I am sure she already tried her best to talk him out of this idea and Poppy nods agreeing.
"I-" Warrick takes in a deep breath having trouble just starting to talk. "Something is going to happen tonight.
That much is obvious so I can't just lie around and do nothing."
"And what can you do in your condition?" I ask him.
"I may not be able to fight or barely move but I still have my power."
"That is still not enough. You could still easily be killed."
"Agree." Victor says and Garret nods.
"I am staying. End of conversation."
"Fine. you
insist on being here, then you will be in a corner sitting where I can keep an eye on you.
"You can't just-"
"I sure can. I am Alpha at the moment by default. You are out of commission for now and so I am in charge."
"Have I created a monster?"
Warrick mutters.
"You sure have."
He huffs but also does not complain and I can tell that it is because he is already tired. He does his best to walk on his own to the corner I assigned him to where he sits under bouquets of hanging flowers. "Have Beck and Archie watch him."
Victor nods. "Yeah, I'll have them guard him.
"What in the world is he thinking? He knows he is a target and now he is a sitting duck."
"Maybe that is why he is doing it." Colt says.
"Warrick is many things and one of those is smart. He knows that you are the target but by him being here, all the attention is not just on you."
I suck in a deep breath. "That does not help. Now I have to worry about him too."
"For now, he is fine. It is still early and you need to relax a bit. How about I help you with that."
"I can't leave." I tell him.
"I never said we had to leave."
"Oh." I say disappointed because I thought that he was thinking of doing something naughty.
"Come. Let's sit over here."
He takes my hand and leads me to the furthest table at the edge of the parameter of where the banquet will take place. Most people are concentrated in the middle of the festivity so at the moment we have just a tiny bit of privacy, if you could call it that. We sit and Colt moves our chairs together, as close as they can get. He leans with his large frame and hugs me, hiding me in his arms. I close my eyes as I take the scent of his neck where I marked him.
"You've grown so much." He whispers.
"Mh?"
"The woman you are today...you have grown from the girl I met so long ago."
His hands slide down the length of my waist and travel under the clothed table where he lifts my long dress up my thigh. His hand caresses my bare thighs as they go down and then I feel his hand fold over my knee, his thumb gently folding circles on my skin. I feel his breath on my neck and I am acutely aware of it. His green eyes meet mine and they flicker with want and possesiveness. His hands start making their way up, his soft fingertips tickling inside my thigh.
I suddenly forget where I am, I think we both do and we don't seem to care. I succumb to the feeling of his touch and yearn for it.
Of course, there are warning flares going up in my head. Are people watching us? Do they know what he is starting to do under the table? One slight opening of my eyes tells me that no one is even looking at us. Everyone is engrossed either in drinks or conversation.
"I am going to make you feel good in front of everyone here." Colt whispers. A wave of chills runs through my skin and my body gives in to the excitement.
"Touch me." A breathless needy voice comes out of me.
"Mh..." He softly growls.
"Where do you want me to touch you? Here?"
His hands squeeze the inside of my thighs."
"No."
"Here?"
His hand slightly moves up but barely.
"No."
"Where?"
"Higher." I whisper.
"Higher? Mh...here?"
My body jolts as his fingers barely graze my skin right where I want them to.
"Yes." My high-pitched voice gives me away.
"How do you want me to touch you? Like this?"
The tip of his finger moves up and down as if he were petting something tiny.
"You have to tell me if you like it or I'll assume you don't." His hand pulls away but I immediately grab his wrist and put it right back where it was. "Don't stop."
He chuckles.
He likes playing games.
"So, like this?"
His hand rests over my slit and his thumb starts massaging my c**t. The grip have over his wrists tightens as I try not to suddenly moan.
"Y-yes." I whisper.
The touch brings a rippling jolt through my body and my lips part as I try to take in deep breaths.
The thumb does not linger
there long. His whole hand
moves down. He swipes up feeling how moist I am.
"Mh... if it weren't too obvious to everyone, I'd be down on my knees face deep inside, tasting you. But I'm sure you'll enjoy this just as good." His finger slides inside of me and I gasp. "Shh baby girl. Control those beautiful noises. They are supposed to be for my ears only."
After thrusting his finger in and out of me a couple of times and me doing my best to control my moans, he slides in two fingers.
"Oh..." I whisper.
"You like that?"
"Y-yes!"
It doesn't take long for me to start feeling like I am about to come. I hold his hand closer trying to get him deeper as excitement rises inside of me.
"Don't stop."
"I won't."
"Mh...." An orgasm ripples through my insides making me come undone.
He covers my mouth when I almost moan out loud for everyone to hear.
I take a few deep breaths and open my eyes to look around us now feeling self-conscious but everything goes on like before. If anyone noticed, they don't show it.
"How do you feel now?" Colt asks.
"Much better." I say with a sigh. "I feel a bit sleepy now but somehow, a bit more relaxed."
He smirks. "Now we know how to help you relax."
"Now we need to get cleaned 'cause I can smell it all over us."
"I love your smell all over me." He replies.
"And I love yours but not right now."
We both quickly head to the bathroom and come right back when we are clean. I wasn't lying when I said I felt better. It is like a bit of the tension I was feeling before got released. "Cass, dinner will start soon."
Victor says. "You should speak to everyone once they all gather at the tables."
"Are there any more coming?"
"Most of them are here. A few more will arrive soon but best not to wait."
I nod but I am nervous. I don't know what I am going to say.
As nervousness takes over, I cast my eyes around the room. That is when I spot James.
"James?" I call to him as I walk in his direction.
"Are-You are here?"
He slowly nods as he looks down and puts his hand in his pocket. "Yeah, I...feel like
I need to be here. I saw it from the window and...I needed to come out."
"Well, I am glad to see you here. Eat, get some fresh air."
He nods. "Yeah, I think I'll go take a walk. The garden...it's something she would have liked."
I smile and nod. "Agree. She would have liked it very much."
He gives me a nod and walks away. Our interactions have been a bit awkward but I understand how he feels, incomplete. I am grateful that he has survived the heartbreak this long.
Bryn surprises us. "Colt, why are we entertaining this all. It is obvious even to me that it is all a trap of some sort."
"Bryn, leave it alone. They know what they are doing."
Miles says in a complaint.
"Yeah, we are aware of that." Colt replies.
"So why? We should call it off and throw everyone out."
She says and then whispers. "What if all these Alphas attack us?"
"Oh, they won't." He says.
"How do you know that?"
"Victor and Garret are sure so I am sure. I trust them." I respond.
"Should you trust them?" She says in a snobby tone.
I roll my eyes and ignore her, giving my attention to Honora who brings me a cup of tea. Colt continues to talk to Bryn trying to calm her down.
Honora hands me the cup of tea. "This is chamomile tea.
It's good for the nerves."
I nod and take it. It is soothing and warm.
I give her tea cup back and take a deep breath watching everyone gather at the tables, getting ready for dinner.
"Come on love. You can do it." Colt takes my hand and leads me to the head table.
Everyone quiets down and stands to watch me.
"..." I start but pause overthinking it. "I want to thank you all for coming. It was... surprising... ..."
My train of thought stops when I watch as Ezra and Oliver stride in.
"Sorry for being late. Traffic and all that..."
Ezra gives a huge smile and I am left wondering how the f**k did he even make it inside.
###Chapter 81
"L-late?"
"Yeah, late." Ezra holds an invitation up. The same one all the other Alphas had.
"How dare you set foot here?!" I shout unable to contain my temper.
"I got an invitation just like everyone else." He nonchalantly says.
"Don't bullshit me! You know this was all you, you f**ker!"
Colt holds me all this time because I have been trying to get to him. All I can think of is ripping his head from his shoulders.
"Let me go, Colt!"
"No, this is exactly it. This is what he wants...what he is up to." He says.
Victor nods as he rushes to me. "This is how he'll gain the support of all the other packs. If you attack him, itwill be considered a violation of the protection seal.Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. They will all band together against us." then I will have to take control here. Take a deep breath, girl, and be the Alpha we need right now." My eyes dart to him with anger.
He nods. "His time will come. Bide your time right now and watch him closely."
"It seems there is a problem?" Oliver speaks.
Warrick stares at me to try and get my answer.
Grinding my teeth, I speak. “No, no problem at all." I look at him. "Sit. Enjoy the food."
Warrick relaxes and Colt lets me go.
Warrick then addresses Victor. "Victor, the borders?"
"I have not received any update of anything out of the ordinary."
I continue speaking to the guests. "As I was saying..." My words are tense. "I want to thank you all for coming. It is quite a surprise that you all made it. As stated in the invitation, this will be a neutral feast. A safe festivity even if there is conflict between us. You may talk freely but also remember that you are my guests, I will not tolerate misbehavior." To be able to say all of this, I have to force myself not to look at Ezra and Oliver. I feel like if I do, I'd fly over to them and rip them apart.
I give a hand gesture telling them all to sit and then the feast commences.
People start speaking with each other. Ezra and Oliver sit in one of the other tables far from us but all I can do is keep my eyes on him.
I have him so close and yet I can't do anything.
Excruciating frustration.
All sorts of ideas run through my head.
I could command one of the maids that is serving us to kill him for me. But my conscious hates the idea.
Killing is not an easy thing to do and I would ruin the maid's life. She'd be executed by the neutral law.
All I can do is imagine myself getting up and plunging my stake knife right through his eye. I don't think I will ever be able to be in peace as long as he lives. I want him dead.
To my displeasure, Ezra starts speaking. "Oh dear Bryn and Miles. How I miss you. It saddens me that you were not able to be there for Mother's death. It was agonizing for her. She screamed your names searching for you but you weren't there. Alas, I am the only on she had for comfort in her last moments of breath."
Bryn is paralyzed with fear while Miles frantically looks everywhere he can except at Ezra."
"Leave them alone." Colt says, in a calm tone.
Ezra gives him an angry look he can't hide.
"All mighty Colt, always to the rescue. Little brats can't take care of themselves."
"And you don't change.
Always a bully to the very end."
"And what end is that, brother? Are you saying that I will die soon?
"If you do, it is because you made your own bed."
"That sounds like a treat to me."
"So? As long as I don't act on it, I am not breaking any rules, right." Colt smirks.
Ezra is pissed and shaken while Colt remains calm and unbothered. I love it.
"So tell us, Alpha, why have we been invited here." Alpha Holmes asks me.
That is a damn good question. I have no idea of what to tell them.
I take a long sip of my drink as I think of what to say.
"I can't wait to hear this." I hear Oliver utter.
My hands tighten around the glass, cracking it. I set the glass on the table making a loud noise.
"I'll be completely honest, I didn't invite you all here."
The room grows silent and they all glance at each other with confusion.
I point at Oliver and Ezra. "I am pretty sure that those two are the ones who invited you all here."
Oliver and Ezra look a bit shocked. I am sure they did not think I'd just be telling the truth.
"I don't know what the agenda behind this was if that is what you want to ask but they are here. Ask them yourself."
All the Alphas look at Ezra and Oliver's direction.
"No idea what you are talking about. We received the same invitation as all the others did."
"I don't buy it." I say.
"Maybe it was someone else here. Maybe one of the people you took in I mean, you take so many strays. My siblings, rogues...the witch."
"Witch? So you have a spy in our pack." I sit defiantly.
"Oh no, not at all."
"Then how do you know this? No one knows about
Honora."
"I just remember her." Ezra says.
Remember her?...from where?
I look at Honora who shrugs. "I've never met him before."
"What a horrible little liar."
Ezra whispers.
I look between them. Ezra has a smirk and Honora looks unfazed.
I leave it alone for now but I don't like it. It bothers me.
"How are you holding up?"
Colt whispers in my ear.
"Not good. I don't understand why are we indulging these men."
"So that we don't make more enemies." He responds.
"I am tired of playing good, Colt. They play nasty so why do we have to play by the rules?"
"Like I said Cass, consequences."
"Damn the concequences!"
I have been raising my voice and now notice that almost everyone is watching me.
"Someone is a bit agitated."
Ezra mutters.
"Agitated? Agitated?! You are lucky I don't skin you alive right now you f**ker!"
"Ah, is that why you brought
us here? To threaten me?"
I really should. I really should just kill him right now.
"You killed Lauren! All because you didn't get your way. You might call yourself an Alpha but you are just a pathetic piece of meat plaster on this earth to be a cancer." he looks serious now. "She begged. She begged me to let her live. Even played the pregnancy card on me but I cut her down like a f**king pig-" He gargles his last words as his mouth and throat fill with blood.
"James!"
James stands behind Ezra with a knife plunged into Ezra's neck. He takes it out and thrusts it in his neck again and then starts stabbing Ezra over and over on his back.
People start panicking but I smile as Ezra stares at me, a look of fear in his eyes.
Look at me, you bastard. Let my joyous smile over your death be the last thing you see.
I wish it was me doing it but James deserves his vengeance.
I watch as Ezra breathes his last breath and soon his eyes become void of life. He is finally dead.
Guards immediately apprehend James.
"Let him go!" I rush over and command them. They immediately release him.
"What is this?!" An Alpha complains.
"You can't just let him go!"
"I can and I will."
"This is unacceptable! He killed an Alpha in a neutral festivity! He must die!"
"Try it and see what happens!" I warn them.
"We can't stand for this!"
They all start getting riled up.
"Yet you will do nothing to him."
I can see the concern on Victor's face, Garret's, and even Colt's. But I have no intention of letting these men hurt James.
"He is under my protection and if you want to get to him, you have to go through me."
"So you want war?"
"If war is what you wish to have for a man who deserved this death, then so be it."
I look at Oliver who seems amused and unfazed by all this, in fact, he wasn't even surprised when James killed Ezra.
"War? No need." James says. "You shouldn't be punished for my actions. I've done what I wished. Avenged my beloved and my child and kept you safe. I can leave and be with them now."
"James, that is not going to hap-" While I am saying this, I watch as he brings the knife to his neck and slices it.
"JAMES!" I scream and rush to him. "NO!"
Unable to say anything, he just smiles and closes his eyes.
"No!"
I cry, merging my forehead with his.
Silence befalls the festivity. For a few seconds, there is not a single sound.
When the space of silence passes, Victor speaks. "It is settled!" He shouts at the Alphas. "You wanted blood! You have it! The matter is now settled!"
Suddenly, Oliver starts clapping and laughing. "This turned out to be a better show than I had expected." "Show? SHOW!" I shout.
"Yes, show. It baffles me how good I am. Everything went as planned. Pure perfection."
"It was you pulling the strings on James." Warrick suddenly speaks.
"Yes and very wise for you to notice."
"Wait...what?" I look at Warrick.
"James was the one behind the killings." Warrick reveals.
"What?!"
"It is true. I had a plan. And it involved James killing Ezra. He did well I think."
"How! And why did James kill those three pack members?"
"To protect you." Oliver smiles. "See, before l...took you that day, I might have told James that these three particular people were planning to assassinate you.
But since I was leaving, I had no way to protect you. The man was so out of touch with reality that he didn't notice that you were gone from the pack and still was plotting his killings. All in the name to protect you. I also spoke to him about his mate and how she was killed. How I couldn't stop it but told him of every single detail and made sure that he knew it was all Ezra's doing. It was a trigger for sure. Of course, I never witnessed his mate's murder but he still believed it. It was fuel to the fire forwhen I managed to bring Ezra here. Wasn't sure how I was going to do that at the moment but I am very good at improvising as you can see."
I am shocked. I think we all are. This man was much more dangerous than we all thought.
"And...all for what?" I ask.
He leans back with a big smile. "All to gain a pack and territory."
"You...you can't just take over his pack."
"I can when they have no more Alpha family running things and all they have seen is me. Plus, mixed with them are the mercenary rogues I bought. So...who will there be left to stop me?"
"All of us." One of the Alphas says.
I am glad that they don't agree with this ludicrous idea.
Oliver lifts a hand up with a phone in it. "If only. Your mistake was that you had your full attention on Ezra when we got here." As he says this, I notice that it is not a phone in his hand. He presses a button on the device and suddenly I am on the floor with my ears ringing and there is smoke everywhere.
###Chapter 82
"C-Colt...Colt!"
I look for him but I don't see him among the people that get up.
"Colt!"
"Over here!" Victor shouts. I see him kneeling over Colt who lies on the floor motionless. I run, sliding my knees on the ground as I get to him, ignoring the pain of scraping them.
"Colt!" I shout but he does not move.
He has burn marks on the right side of the body.
"Colt! Wake up!" I put my ear to his chest and immediately start to panic. "Victor there is no pulse!" I scream.
He pushes me away and puts his head on Colt's chest. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.I feel dread rising from the pit of my stomach. "There is a pulse but it is faint...it's...it's slowing down."
"WHAT?! NO!"
I grab Colt by his shirt and shake him. "WAKE UP!"
He doesn't move.
"WAKE UP! YOU HAVE TO WAKE UP! DON'T LEAVE ME! Don't leave me..."
I can see his face growing pale. Suddenly, his eyes open just a bit and his lips shake.
"You can't leave me, Colt.
You can't. No one will ever love me like you do and I won't ever love again."
His eyes start to close and desperation sets in.
"You can't die!" I use my fingers to open his eyes. "You can't die. Heal! HEAL YOURSELF!" I command.
There is a sudden grunt. His face contorts and he opens his eyes wide. He takes in deep breaths as if he was trying to find air. "Colt?"
I am balling my eyes out.
"Colt?"
I don't know what is happening. Did my command work?"
"Colt!?"
He suddenly blinks a few times now staring at me and starts to calm down.
"Is he..."
As I hold Colt, Victor leans down and puts his ear to Colt's chest.
"His heart has gone back to a steady beat."
I immediately kiss Colt and hug him tighter as I cry harder now.
"You can't leave me...you can't leave me..."
I feel a short shaky touch on my arm. Pulling myself from Colt, I see him caressing my arm but I can tell how weak he is.
"He's going to be okay, Cass."
Victor says.
"He is?"
I see him better but I am so scared. I think I am traumatized now by this.
"He is. But now he needs to rest."
I slowly nod as I wipe my face of tears and snot.
"And look, he is starting to heal." Victor points to Colt's arm.
His burns slowly heal but it is working.
I wrap my arms around Colt.
It will still take time for him to heal but I am so relieved and yet still scared.
I lift my head up and look at the damage caused by Oliver. Many are dead and many more are injured. The f**ker Oliver is nowhere to be found.
I am so angry. Look at what he has done. A moment ago, all these people were laughing and talking, now...
I see Dad limp his way to us with Lotus and Peggy. They were far away from the explosion but he still got some damage from it.
I am so relieved to see them.
"Are you okay?!" I ask.
"Yes, yes...where is Garret?!" He asks frantically.
I have never seen him so worried and shows how much he truly does care for Garret and Victor.
At that moment, Garret rushes out of the house also limping. "They are attacking!"
I grind my teeth. Oliver has no honor. He plays dirty.
I look at Colt and give him a soft kiss and then I gently lie him on the ground.
"Have everyone that is able to move, go defend! And alert Rodrick!" I look at Warrick and try to put on my bravest face, trying not to show how much I was broken just now. "Dad...take care of him for me, please." He gives me an assertive nod. "I will. Come back safe...the three of you."
The three of us look at each other and give him a nod before sprinting through the side of the house.
"Are our men fighting already?"
"Yes and surprisingly, the enemies are many." Garret says.
"Can they take us?" I ask.
"...they are prepared."
"Can they take us?"
"We've never been attacked like this. Not while Warrick had been Alpha and his dad had decimated so many packs. No one dared."
Do I really have to repeat myself? "Garret-"
"It is always a possibility. We just have to be careful." He finally says.
We all duck when a huge explosion comes from the woods in front of the house.
"Shit! The f**ker is going to bring this whole place down."
Beck runs to us with two of the other Alphas that survived.
"Beck! Take the east side!"
Garret urges.
Beck nods and runs to the right side of the house.
"How can we help?" The Alphas say.
"Do you have men close by?"
Victor asks them.
"Yes."
"Call them to help. You both can take the west."
Kanda and Serge arrive. I am glad they are okay.
"Where do you need us?" Serge quickly asks Garret.
I start walking. "You guys continue, I'm going to look for Oliver."
"Cass, that's not a good idea."
I turn to them but I don't stop. "If we get him, we stop this fight."
"True but it's still dangerous and we need to help our men."
"Then go do that. I'll be fine." Without waiting for their response, I sprint away.
Soon I am dodging people fighting left and right. I help a few of our own pack members as I continue on my way.
It doesn't take me long to see Oliver at the edge of the forest before the sea of trees starts.
Fucking arrogant bastard is not even trying to hide.
Another explosion goes off inside the forest that is behind the packhouse grabbing my attention. This helps me spot Dash and I am so grateful he is okay. "Curls!"
"You are safe!"
He smiles. "Always! I was inside when it happened. I went to the bathroom to take a piss and almost ended up shitting myself instead when I heard the explosion go off." Even now I want to laugh.
I shake my head knowing that this is not the time for this. "Are Miles and Bryn okay?"
"Miles is fine. Bryn was hurt but she will be fine too."
"Good. Dash, I need you to make sure the children in the pack house are safe. That last explosion was pretty close to them."
"Are you sure?" He asks.
"Yes. We can handle things here."
"Okay. Be safe."
"You too."
I leave him, trusting that he will get to the children and also that he will be safe. I care about that man so he better be okay.
I start to run in Oliver's direction. When he notices me, I can see a smile on his face. He turns around and walks away into the forest while a group of fifteen to twenty men block my way. Most are already shifted and those that are not, are starting to shift. "Out of my way!"
They scatter and surround me, menacingly baring their teeth at me.
They are too many for me to take. I start backing up but they continue to surround me and won't let me leave.
"HUA!" Suddenly Victor jumps over some of the enemy and stands behind me.
"I told you it was dangerous to go on your own!"
"Yeah yeah!"
Victor suddenly shifts and most of the enemy surrounding us zone in on him. I turn to try and help but I am tackled. I fall on my back with a shifted enemy trying to take a bite out of my face.
I curl my fists around his main, pulling him back, and look into his eyes. "Fight for me."
The wolf immediately backs away and attacks one of his comrades.
As I get up, two others rush me and at the same time, I can see Victor fighting about ten of them and even though he is an excellent fighter, they are too many for him.
Spinning around, I dodge both wolves. They slide through the ground trying to stop. I immediately shift and jump on a wolf that is attacking Victor on his back however it is not enough. Victor falls to the ground while the wolves swarm him.
I desperately start clawing at their backs to try to get them off of Victor but to no avail.
They are going to kill him!
I am desperate. Suddenly my wolf takes control and does the same thing she did a while back. She gives a resonating growl that echoes through the field. For a moment, everyone stops fighting. This gives Victor time to get up. He is scratched up good and a bit hurt but he is okay. This also gets the attention of many of our own pack members. They start running in our direction and swarming around the enemy. The men attacking us turn their attention to them and we take this moment to slip away. Victor limps to a nearby tree where he shifts and I do the same.
"Cass, you are Alpha, that means that you are the most important person in the pack, if you die-"
"They'll have you." I interrupt him. "You are a good Alpha too. This pack is set and will not have any problems if I am gone."
"But we care about you. It's not just about the pack and most importantly, you are carrying our future." He looks at my stomach. "You shifted. It is dangerous to shift when pregnant."
"The baby is still small enough that my body morphing does not affect it."
"Don't do it again. What would Colt say?" He asks.
I sigh. "I will do my best not to. But I need to get to Oliver now before I lose him."
"Don't, wait for-"
"He'll be gone if I don't. Stay here."
I rush away, leaving him complaining.
I smell the air. I am not a good tracker at all, in fact, I have never tried to track before. I can smell the forest and the natural smells. These smells I know very well and because of this, I can differentiate the cologne scent in the air. "This way."
I run following the sharp, crisp scent that Oliver always has. I am very surprised when I find him leaning on a tree as if he was waiting for me.
I slow to a stop and my guard goes up. He smiles and lifts up from the tree, walking towards me.
"Took you a bit of time to get here, and unscathed I see."
"Oliver...what is your plan!"
"Plan? Who said I had any?"
"We've underestimated you. I will not do that any longer.
You are a man with a mission. Always have been. What is your plan?"
He smiles completely amused.
-Unknown POV-
(A few minutes after the first explosion)
I feel my face and shoulder are burnt.
How dare he! HOW DARE HE! I am going to kill this man! Look at what he has done to me!
It hurts beyond belief.
"Where is she?! Where is she?!" I see and hear Colt thrashing, asking for Cass while the others try to hold him down but to no avail. He gets up and frantically starts looking for her.
Ignoring it, I walk in the darkness of the side of the house, making my way after
Oliver but I can't see him anywhere. All I see is fighting.
I am a vengeful person and I won't stop until I see him pay.
I suddenly spot Casseopea leaving Victor and rushing inside the forest.
My target immediately changes. I mustn't let her get hurt. She is too valuable to me. But this woman insists on getting herself into the worst predicaments.
I sigh and follow after her.
###Chapter 83
"Well, Cass...you are a smart one aren't ya?" Oliver says.
He looks me up and down. I am n*ked and have nothing to cover myself with so I pay it no mind. Maybe having him distracted will help a bit. "So? Tell me. Why have you done all of this? Was it you from the start?" I ask.
"Of course not." He strides towards me and stands just a few feet away from me. "My scheme started when you rejected me."
I don't believe him and I am sure my expression shows it.
"I came here to establish a pack." He says.
"And
you did that."
"My ambitions do not stop there. It takes more than just placing a pack somewhere vacant to be well established.
We would have been a target for other packs that didn't think we belonged here or even your own pack. But you wouldn't know all of this.
You are new to your position and still learning."
I narrow my eyes at him.
"I am not trying to insult you." He says. "Anyway, your pack is the most powerful one on this continent, so naturally, I wanted it.
"You wanted it? Just like that?"
"Yes. And the easiest way to get it would have been to have you as my mate. That would have been the perfect outcome. We could have been so powerful together. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free.We belonged together. But you had to go and ruin it.
Make it harder for me."
"So you just wanted to gain an instant powerful pack."
"Actually, I share your father's ambition. To rule them all. All other packs to fall at my feet. That is my goal."
"Well, my father was always crazy so that means that so are you."
"Call me what you wish. It is my right."
"Your...right?" I laugh. "You do sound just like him. And tell me, why are you so worthy of ruling all other packs? How is it your right?"
He smiles. "You still haven't figured it out?" He asks.
"Figured what out?"
He laughs. "Nothing."
"Stop playing games! I am tired of your shit!"
"But it's so much fun to see you so frustrated."
"Fun? FUN! You almost killed my mate!"
"Damn, almost..."
"I think it is time for you to die now." I tell him. I look deep into his eyes. "Die."
He quietly stares at me... and continues to stare.
I take a step back.
"What is wrong?" He asks.
"Why..."
"Why what?"
"Why is my power not working on you?"
Calmly, he straightens and puts his hands in his pockets.
"You tell me."
"Either...my powers are not working or...they don't work on you.
"Which one is it then?" He asks.
"...I..."
I don't know which one it is but now it doesn't matter, I need to get away from him. I can't fight him. It would be like fighting Colt or my Father.
I turn around and start running but I don't get far. I feel him behind me. He has one arm around my waist and his other hand holds me by the neck. "And where do you think you are going? I am not done playing with you."
"Don't touch me!"
I turn my head and look at him. "Let me go!" I command but nothing happens."
"Why?! Why are you immune?!"
"Why do you think?" He smiles.
"I...I don't know."
"Think, Casseopea. Think about it. You and I belong together. Why is that? Why do you think I tell you that we would have been powerful together?"
He turns me around and holds my chin to look into his eyes.
"If you were normal, I would have been able to make choose me."
"Make...me?" you
"Make you...just like if I was normal, you could make me do whatever you wished."
I fall into shock realizing.
"You...but..."
"Oliver Vald... Does that not ring a bell?"
"Vald...Gunvald..." I mutter after thinking.
"Bingo!"
The three families with this power. Chevalier, Solveig and Gunvald.
I push away from him and he lets me go but I don't run.
I am in shock and so I face him.
"But how! If this is true, then why didn't you use your powers to get an advantage?"
"I couldn't give myself away. If my family were to know that I am still alive, they'd hunt me down."
"Your...family? Why?"
He smiles and it is a wicked smile. "I killed my two oldest siblings. I wanted to be Alpha of the pack and so I had to get rid of them. I would have gotten away with it too but I made a few mistakes along the way and I got caught." He goes on. "My family disowned me and marked me for death. It is a game we have back home.
Those who are condemned to death have to participate in a game. A hunt. The condemned is hunted by the whole pack. I managed to escape before that, thanks to some supporters who believed that I was meant to be Alpha if my siblings were killed so easily by me. It is what used to be done in the old days you know. Siblings fought for the Alpha position but somehow down the line, that tradition was changed. I will bring that back.
"You and Ezra are so alike..."
"Don't compare me to that immature idiot! The fool couldn't see past you."
"So you want my pack? Then you'll have to kill me."
"Kill you? No. I'll make you my Luna. That power that runs inside you and me is special and rare. It would be a waste to kill you."
"I will never submit to you."
"You don't have to."
"Wait, I am confused. If you want me to be your Luna, then why did you take me to Zao?"
"I needed somewhere to hide you. Zao had it clear that he was not to let you die. Why do you think you were always so lucky to have a team with you? What I was not expecting was you killing Zao and taking over. That was a huge surprise." "You mother f**ker! And what about Ezra? What were your plans with him?"
"I was using him. I needed a place to hide and also men to be able to go against you.
After yours, his was the biggest pack.
"You still can't take us even with this kind of men power."
"Is that what you think will happen? I have a plan."
"What is it?"
"Mh...I guess it won't hurt to reveal it. This pack will be given to me. When all the other packs find out what your pack did..."
"What my pack did?"
"Yes, you killed all the Alphas in a meeting that was supposed to be a neutral meeting."
"You can't blame us for this.
Not all Alphas were killed and they know the truth."
"You are really small-minded. Can't blame you. You have no idea how to run a pack."
"Stop being so condescending! I will never let you, even if my powers don't work on you-"
"Ah! Yes! This power of yours. About that...I'm going to need you to lose it."
"Lose it?! As if that were possible."
He snickers. "It is, if you can't see."
"If I can't...see?"
He lowers his stare and I can see him getting ready to attack me. "You, don't need to see to be my Luna or the mother of my offspring."
"You are sick!" I turn and run but I immediately hear him running after me so I start shifting.
"This is another thing that I intend to bring back!" He shouts. "When a male wolf would hunt for his mate! I will make our kind greAT AGAIN!" He growls at the end and I know he has shifted.
I try my best to run back to the pack house but I have to suddenly deviate when I hear him right on my heel. I turn and see him slide past me trying to stop. I continue running but I have no intention of doing this forever. At some point, I am going to have to fight him.
He is behind me again and does not slow down. I reach a slope going up and use all of my strength that I have to go up. when I hear him behind me, I turn around and slam into him letting gravity help. The momentum of coming down so suddenly hits him like a bolder. I dig my fangs into his shoulder and bite as hard as I can. He rolls us around and I fly away from him hitting a tree.
The pain surges through my spine and head.
I open my eyes but it is blurry. I am in and out of focus. I shift, hoping that this will help me reorient myself and it does actually help a little.
When I get up-holding myself against the tree-I see Oliver rushing me, already shifted into human. He holds me by the neck and gets close. "Those pretty eyes need to go."
I dig my fingers into the bite I gave him on the shoulder. He screams and lets me go, backing up. I run past him but he grabs me by the hair and with force, he pulls me and I fall on the ground with a scream.
He pins me on the ground by holding my neck and then his other hand starts coming down, directed to my eyes.
"No!" I scream and start hitting him. I manage to grab his face and dig my gingers, scratching him. He screams and recoils back giving me time to roll and try to run but he grabs me from behind and turns me back to lie on the ground where he again holds my neck and this time squeezes.
I try to breathe for air but it is hard. Focusing on my need to breathe, I use my hands to scratch at the hand that holds my neck. His other hand reaches my eyes. I close them trying to shield myself but I start feeling his fingers dig into them. "NO!" I scream. "Stop!"
The next thing I see is Oliver flying up in the air. He hits the ground next to me and then suddenly flies back and hits a tree. When my eyes finally focus, I see Colt heavily breathing with his fangs out still in his human form. "Colt!"
He rushes Oliver and grabs him by the throat.
"You've put your hands on her for the last time!" Colt growls.
Oh no! Colt doesn't know that Oliver has the same powers as me!
"Colt! Don't look into his eyes!"
Colt throws Oliver across from him.
"Colt!" I shout but he is not listening. I can feel the anger in him taking control.
I sit up and that is when I suddenly spot Honora.
She rushes to me. "Are you okay?!"
I nod. "Colt is in danger.!" Honora looks at Colt who holds Oliver face down on the ground. "Doesn't look like that to me."
She gets up, staring at the fight.
"Do it... Kill him." Honora urges Colt who holds Oliver by the neck. "He has brought all this destruction. He is the cause of your mate's pain.
End him."
"Don't!" I shout Honora looks at me with squinted eyes.
Colt also has my attention.
"Death is too easy. He is going back to face his family's wrath."
"You would just be giving him more time to escape and find another way to get to you. End it now!" Honora shouts.
Colt punches Oliver over and over until Oliver is out cold but alive.
"What a disappointment you are." Honora mutters to Colt.
"F**k off lady. I don't give a shit what you think." Colt barks angrily.
Honora sighs. "Can't trust you to keep her safe then."
She puts her hand up as Colt saunters to me and blows a powder at his face that causes him to fall to his knees.
###Chapter 84
"Colt! What...what did you do?"
"He is just going to sleep for a while." Honora says.
"What are you doing? Why?"
"Darling, you like to chase trouble and I need you to be safe." She points at my stomach. "At least until that baby comes." Colt falls to the ground but he is not completely asleep just yet.
"You can't seem to keep yourself out of trouble and this big lump of a man can't keep you safe either, so it is up to me." "Are you...crazy?"
"No, just looking out for my baby."
"Y-your baby?"
She smiles. "Yes. The payment I am entitled to."
"What payment!?"
"The one your mother owed me! You! You were supposed to be my payment! She told me she'd give me anything I wanted if I saved you so I agreed. When I came for you, and she realized the price she was paying...when she realized her mistake, she fled! She fled and burned my mark from you! I couldn't find you! Clever little wolf!"
My lips quiver and my eyes water. "You...she left because of you..."
All this time we thought it was because of Father, even Warrick thought it was because of him.
"No, she left because of you.
To hide you from me." She says. "The moment I laid eyes on you, I could sense the power inside of you. I wanted that power but you were unstable and dying. So I helped get that power stable and I would take what was promised to me in the midst of a ring of fire solar eclipse. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. I would render your body lifeless and absorb your powers before the power matured. I was denied this, your mother conned me and now her deb is yours to pay."
"This is why you have beenstaying close. This is why you cared so much?"
She smiles. "I would have let you rot in those pits if I had not sensed you with child.
You see you are useless to me as an adult. I need and innocent soul or the spell to work." She looks down at Colt who struggles to resist the effects of the powder. "Hmh...the ogre is too big. He probably needs more sleeping powder.”
She puts her hands in her pocket and as she takes it out, I slap her hand. The powder flies off into the air.
I get up and punch her. She falls to the ground rubbing her face and looks stunned.
"What did you think was going to happen? Did you think I was going to let you do what you wanted with me?" I ask her as I find my footing. "Did you think this through?" I take a few steps towards her. She tries to crawl away but I grab her by the hair. "Your greed and your power-hunger will be your undoing tonight." I lift her up and slam her on the ground. As she whimpers, I lift her up and throw her across the ground.
"I am going to kill you tonight, Honora. This I promise. I am tired of people thinking that they can do whatever THE HELL THEY WANT WITH ME!" I scream.
"Light witch, Ha! What a f**king joke."
"There is no such thing!
There is no light witch!
Witches use magic that is unnatural! It is all a lie. Every spell has a price to be paid."
She smiles wickedly. "How did you think I helped you? I used another newborn's life to save yours. A life for a life."
What a horrible thing to do.
"And that Ezra almost gave me away too soon."
"How did you know him?"
"I didn't. He just saw me talking to Sienna-his witch-back at the pits."
"So you were friends."
"Acquaintances." She says.
"Don't trust witches...my mother said it..."
"And you should have listened!" Before I can even move, she takes a bottle out of her satchel and drinks it. slap it off of her hand but it is empty. "What was that?!"
She smiles, the red of her blood stains her teeth. "What you do to me will be reflected on to you. Do you wish to kill me now?"
I grab her by her shirt and lift her up. My mouth quivers in anger.
"Yes." I say.
"Try it then. I warn you, you may heal but you have a child inside of you that can't just yet."
I punch her and this causes me to recoil back feeling the pain in my jaw, just like where I hit her.
She straightens up and smiles. "See."
I grab her again but she continues to smile. "Do it. It will render the same results.
You can't kill me, if you do, you might kill your child."
"You forget one thing,
Honora."
"And what is that?"
"My own powers don't work on me."
Her eyes burst wide open.
"You don't know that for sure!"
"DIE"
She clutches at her heart with desperation.
"N-n..."
It reminds me of Niles.
I watch as she breathes her last breath.
Honora."
"And what is that?"
"My own powers don't work on me."
Her eyes burst wide open.
"You don't know that for sure!"
"DIE"
She clutches at her heart with desperation.
"N-n..."
It reminds me of Niles.
I watch as she breathes her last breath.
"Never trust a witch, got it.
I let her body fall to the ground and immediately run to Colt.
He breathes heavily but is well awake.
"Are you okay?" I ask him.
"Yes. Are you?"
"I am okay." I look at Honora and then at an unconscious Oliver. "It is over. It is finally over."
Colt sighs in relief. "Finally."
We hug each other. I feel a sense of relief I have not felt in a long time.
Colt looks at Oliver.
"Are you sure you don't want me to kill him?"
"No. Apparently, he has wronged his family worse than he has done us. They deserve to have their revenge." I look at Colt. "Ezra is dead. Finally...but James... Colt immediately puts his arms around me and I start to cry. It is not fair. What kills me the most is that smil he had as he slit his own throat.
I clean my cheeks. "Let's go back. I want to make sure everyone is safe."
Before I can turn from him, he holds my face in place and kisses me. He hugs me and then kisses my forehead. "The thought of losing you again made me crazy."
"Thank you, Colt. Thank you for loving me, protecting me, and being a wonderful mate. Thank you for rescuing me from the darkness that I was in." "You rescued yourself. You are the strongest person I know."
We embrace each other a little while longer and then drag Oliver back to the pack house.
Garret-looking exhausted-starts giving a report. "We lost a good amount of men. If not for Rodrick getting here so fast, we would have lost more.
The children in the pack house are all safe. Dash caught two men trying to arm a bomb just like the ones that were going off around the pack. Dash got injured but he is safe."
My heart dropped there for a moment.
Garret continues. "Four Alpha visitors were killed and many others."
One of the Alphas steps forward. "We will convey the nature of what happened here. You are without fault."
"Thank you." I say giving him a nod.
Victor now addresses Colt.
"What did you find?"
Colt was allowed to speak to own pack." Colt says.
They all suddenly look at me. I get nervous having so many people look at me.
"Yes. The Blood River Pack is Colt's pack by right. Let him do what he wishes with it." I say.
They all give a nod.
"And what do we do with him?" Victor points at Oliver who is tied up in the corner with a fabric bag over his head. Colt knocked him out of existence apparently, he is still out cold. "Contact the packs back in Europe. I am sure you will immediately find them.
They will want him back."
"And the witch's body?"
Victor asks.
"Burn it." I say with no hesitation. "Everyone else, make sure they are returned to their packs and be respectful about it." I look at Colt. "As for Ezra...it's your call." "That will be Kaecy's call."
I am confused but I nod.
"Okay..." I look at everyone in the room. "Those of you who are injured, go rest. There is much to be done."
When they all scatter out, turn to Colt. "Why did you say it is Kaecy's decision about Ezra's body?"
"Because he is the one I will be leaving the pack to. He will be Alpha...if he wants it.
"You don't want it?"
"No. I will be with you. This is your pack and so it is mine now too."
"And you are okay with that? This pack...my father did so much to you-"
"All forgotten."
"How? It was so horrible-"
"You...because of you." He puts a hand on my cheek. "It seems that love really does heal all-and for goddess sake don't you dare say that is cheesy!"
I laugh. "I wasn't. You are the one who ruined the moment now."
He sighs as I laugh at him.
"Listen, let's get you checked." He says.
I stop laughing and look down at my flat belly. "Okay."
I say.
He seems surprised that I didn't argue it.
He takes me to the doctor and we find out that I am okay. The baby is doing great, even after all I went through. This puts Colt at ease though the doctor said that I need to rest more which I agree too. I wanted to help around the pack but I am exhausted and need the rest.
"Hey, I want to see my dad before we head to our room.
"Okay, but then it is straight to bed. I am going to bathe you and give you a nice massage until you fall asleep."
"And how can I say no to that?"
"Right? No sane woman would...but you are not that sane." He says and laughs.
I laugh even though that felt like an insult. "Shut up." I swat his arm.
"Are you sure you are okay?"
I ask him looking at the burns on his arms that have slowly started to heal. "Colt, you almost died."
"Maybe I did."
"Don't say that!"
"I am not trying to upset you. But think about it, maybe I am only alive because you are alive. Maybe I am only alive until you are alive and I welcome it because I don't want to live
in a world without you. If you die...I die."
I don't know if that is what happened, if that is how this works but he is alive and that is all that matters to me. I kiss him and start walking.
Before I make it to Warrick's room, I stop at the parlor to take something with me.
I give three knocks at Warrick's door and open it.
"Let me see you." I immediately say.
"Don't start fussing over me too!" He says.
"I'll fuss if I want to! You don't tell me what to do."
Lotus and Poppy giggle as they leave the room. Colt waits outside for me too.
"How did it go? Victor told me most of it." He says.
"The meeting went well and everything is being taken care of. You don't have to worry about anything."
He nods. "Good."
"Your wounds?" I ask looking at a few burns he has.
"I am fine. They will be gone by tomorrow. I was the furthest from the explosion.
"I am glad you are okay. We might not have the best relationship but...I don't want to lose you."
I sit on the bed next to him. I can tell he doesn't know what to say. "I...I am okay." He taps my hand.
I stay silent for a few moments thinking of my next words. "Mom wasn't running from you."
"Mh?" He asks confused.
"She didn't leave the pack because of you. It was because of Honora." I explained to him everything that Honora told me. Now he's been looking at the floor with a faraway stare.
"Dad?"
"Thank you...for telling me this. Thank you. I...I thought she hated me. I thought I had pushed her..."
I put a hand on his shoulder. "She loved you. I can tell by the way you speak of her. I know she loved you just as much as you loved her."
He suddenly hugs me and I am in shock. I can feel him shaking and I can tell he is crying. When my stupor is done, I rub his back and hug him. We stay like this for a while until he finally composes himself and clears his throat. "Now run along. This old man needs his rest."
"Rest well old man." I take a small box with a deck of cards inside. "Next time I come back, we are going head to head."
"What in tarnation is this?!"
"Uno."
"Uno what?!" crying. When my stupor is done, I rub his back and hug him. We stay like this for a while until he finally composes himself and clear his throat. "Now run along. This old man needs his rest."
"Rest well old man." I take a small box with a deck of cards inside. "Next time I come back, we are going head to head."
"What in tarnation is this?!"
"Uno."
"Uno what?!"
"You can't tell me that you have never played this game?!"
"I have never played it. Never even heard of it." He says.
"Wow, you aren't kidding
when you say you are old." I say even though this is an old game.
"Yeah, I told ya."
"Well, it has instructions.
Read and learn them."
"Fine, fine." He waves at me looking tired of me already.
I turn to leave but then his next words stop me.
"The pack is yours. I renounce my position. I'll announce it tomorrow."
"Are you...sure?"
I am shocked and scared but too tired to think about it right now.
"Yes. You have done great and you will do even better. I am tired my dear. I wish to just...live in peace."
I slowly nod. "Okay. Rest.
We'll talk tomorrow."
He closes his eyes with a smile.
I leave him and head to my room with Colt where I tell him about what my father just told me.
###Chapter 85
Colt's lips slide down my back leaving flutters of warm kisses. His hands caress my shivering skin, one up my hips and the other down my thighs. His hard member slides in and out slowly inside of me. He has been gentle the last couple of months. I bend down further, resting my face on the edge of the mattress while I keep my legs grounded on the floor as Colt makes love to me. It is the most comfortable position for the size I am now. Only one more month to go for me to pop. I do miss our wild raw s*x but it is too tiring for me right now and too hard.
Colt straightens up and puts a hand on my back as he speeds up just a little.
"There. Just like that." I whisper.
I have been horny like crazy and he indulges me every time. Many times he doesn't even finish, just does it for me.
"You like that?"
"Yeah. Don't stop!"
"I won't."
He does as I say and continues at the same speed and rhythm until my body finally feels relief.
"Mh...feeling better?" He lets me go then turns and lies down on the bed.
"Yeah. Much better."
He lies down with a smile and hugs me. "Cranky woman."
I laugh and then groan. "I don't want to be Alpha today."
"Then don't. Take a day off. I'll handle it."
"Thank you. I'll just stay in all day and watch TV."
"No, you won't."
I giggle. He knows me so well.
It's been a few months now since Warrick officially made me and Colt Alpha's of the pack. Colt and I work together just great. Hardly we everdisagree. We are in tune and want the same for the pack. He is my best friend and I could not imagine being anyone else. It i like we were
really made for each other which is weird cause we were not fated mates but it feels like we were meant to be. I love this man more than almost anything in this world. I touch my belly. Almost anything...
I did not know if I ever would start feeling that maternal instinct but after seeing my baby grow inside of me, how could I not? He is as much of my whole life as Colt is. He...my baby boy, Logan James. I really wish that James would approve, I am sure he would. After that horrible night, Oliver was sent to his family who told us they had been looking everywhere for him. The last I heard from them, they concluded their hunt and Oliver was killed. It wasn't pretty either.
Kaecy-Colt's brother-surprisingly agreed to take over the Blood River Pack. After witnessing what Ezra did with the pack, he didn't want something like that to happen again, and so he grew some balls and became the Alpha.Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. He was the first of our official allies. Most packs are still afraid of us but we are working on building strong alliances and no more unfair punishments in this pack. I make sure of that. I want everyone to be happy and live a good life. That is my goal for this pack.
I open my eyes and see that Colt has already gotten ready.
"Did I fall asleep?"
He laughs. "Yes. I ran you a hot bath. Do you want breakfast in bed?"
I get up with a big smile. "No. I'll go downstairs."
He kisses me and then kisses my belly before he leaves. "Remember, we have dinner tonight." He says.
"Yes sir, I'll be ready." I blow him a kiss and head to take my relaxing bath.
As I lie in the tub, I feel the small kicks on my belly. Smiling, I put my hand and feel him. He is itching to get out. He is so strong. He made it through so much. All that fighting back at that pit and the fight that came after. He is going to be so strong, just like me and Colt. After a nice bath, I head downstairs where I find Kanda and Serge.
They act like newlyweds, feeding each other. If I didn't think it wascute, I'd probably gag like Dash is doing behind their backs.
I didn't know that Serge had lost his mate a long time ago. So naturally, after Kanda's endless pursuit of him-the girl can be exhausting- he gave in. They are now mates and I am so happy for them. Victor and Garret also seemed relieved by this. I don't think they are equipped to handle a strong woman like her but Serge is obviously up for the task.
I sit next to Dash who gives me his killer smile. “The walking pimple is ready to pop!"
"Eww! Why do you have to say it like that?!"
He laughs. "I don't know. I don't think before I speak."
"Clearly."
"How are you feeling?" He asks.
"I am feeling good today. Heavy."
"Good, good. My godchild must grow strong."
I roll my eyes. "That is not sticking. We werewolves don't do godparents and all that."
"Fine fine, but I will be his uncle."
"Obviously. You are like a brother to Colt."
His cheeks swell when his lips curve to a huge smile. I can tell that made him feel good. But I am not lying. Colt thinks of him as a brother and he is Colt's Beta.
Since Colt and I are both Alphas of the pack, we figured that it would be interesting to each have our own betas. Mine is Kanda.
"Well, I'm glad you didn't have creepy twins." He says as he eats. "That would have been a nightmare. How are those two doing by the way?"
Miles and Bryn went back to their pack once Kaecy took over.
"Colt says they are doing good. Shit-" I hiss at the painful kick Logan just gave me. I cross my legs feeling like I am going to pee myself. That was definitely my bladder. Suddenly, Dash gets up and freaks out. "Oh GOD! Are you okay? Are you having the baby!"
"No."
"Are you sure!?"
I start laughing seeing the panic on his face. His face turns red and he sits back down as everyone else around the table also laughs.
"Dash, you are so cute. I can't wait to see you when you find your mate." I don't think he could turn any more red but he does. If the lights would be turned off right now, he would glow.
I pat his shoulder and laugh all the way out of the dining room. I walk outside to a beautiful day. The sun shines bright, the birds sing beautiful melodies, the flowers bloom their brightest and butterflies are everywhere.
I don't think I have ever been this happy to be alive...I don't think 1 have ever been this happy.
"Ouch!" I hold my belly. He kicked me again. I never knew it would be this painful to get kicked by a tiny little thing inside of me. Thankfully it wasn't my bladder this time.
I spot Dad in the distance with Lotus and Poppy. Just where the reforming camp used to stand now there is a small golf area in its place where they all tend to spend their time.
"Don't you get bored of losing?" I ask Father as I walk up to them.
"When I had this built, I didn't know that Poppy would be so good at it." He says.
He looks just as before all his injuries. He is not one hundred percent well yet but he is much better. Almost looks good as new. He stands strong, fights well, and still has that Alpha presence. I am glad he is returning to himself again. "My dear, maybe you should be sitting. That belly is looking low."
Lotus says.
Taking a deep breath and putting my hand on my lower back, I nod.
"He has been kicking like crazy today."
Lotus moves a chair closer to me. "Mh, have the doctor see you. He said the baby was going to be big so he might just want to come out sooner."
I nod. "I'll do that."
"Have you had any pain? Any discomfort?" Poppy asks.
"No, but I have been feeling constipated, to be honest."
"Wow, too much detail." Dad says, hitting the ball that misses the hole which is just inches away.
"It's just poop, Dad, and you are bad at this game. Why do you even like it?"
"You can like something and not be good at it!"
"Fine fine."
I spend my whole morning with them basking in the beautiful weather. It is peaceful.
In the afternoon I go see the doctor with Colt by my side. The doctor tells me that everything is good and to just rest. I do exactly that until it's time for my dinner with Colt. I am already getting ready when he arrives to also get ready. "Do you like this?" I show off my dress. It is a long white satin dress, flowy and soft.
"Love it!"
"Good answer."
When we are done, we head downstairs where he leads me outside to the garden.
and table.
"Aww, this is gorgeous." There are flowers scattered all over the ground
"And I did it myself." He says looking proud.
"Well, I love it. You did good."
He leads me to the table where he pulls out the chair for me to sit.
He sits in front of me but the table is small so he can easily reach out to me and touch me.
"I really wanted to take you out to dinner." He says.
"I know but it's just that I have not been feeling well lately. I rather stay close to home."
He nods. "It's okay. Anything you want. Once the baby is here, we can go if you want." "Yes. I'd love that."
"And how is my little man doing?" He puts a hand on my stomach.
"Kicking up a storm all day."
He laughs and then looks at my dress again. "You really do look beautiful."
"I do?"
He nods.
"Beautiful enough to eat?" I ask.
He laughs. "Is that what you are craving?"
"Maybe."
"Well then, I guess it's time I had my appetizer." He mischievously smiles while he starts to slide down.
"What can I get you, my lady?" Dash suddenly stands next to us in a black suit. He has a little notepad in his hand.
I laugh. Colt probably put him up to this.
"Come back in twenty minutes. I am having a meal right now." Colt says slipping under the tablecloth.
Dash immediately turns around and sprints away muttering. "Why the fuck did I agree to this shit?!"
I laugh hard until I feel Colt's hand travel up my leg, softly caressing, bringing tingles to my body.
This man spoils me and gives me whatever I want and crave.
He lifts one of my legs up and puts it over his shoulder while he pushes my other leg apart. Soon I am feeling the blissful sensations of his tongue on my opening. "Uh...oh that feels so good." I moan.
He gives a moaning grunt that vibrates through my core.
I close my eyes and lean my head back letting bliss take me. His tongue dances around and his lips at times kiss and take my intimate lips in his, sucking-
He told Dash to give us twenty minutes but it only takes five minutes for me to see stars. My hands shake trying to grab at his hair but my
belly gets in the way so instead he intertwines his finger with mine as I ride this wonderful feeling down with a moan. I take deep breaths as he comes out of the covers of the table with a big smile. I smile too and am about to kiss him. When his lips are almost on mine, I lean back and stare at him.
"What?" He asks, confused at my sudden pause.
..OOOOOWWWW!" My stomach suddenly hurts. It feels like someone took my abdomen and twisted it till it couldn't twist anymore. I put my hands around my belly and it feels so hard to the touch. "What is it?!" He panics.
"I...I don't know." I now feel my body relax. "It's gone now."
He looks at me like he is confused, scared, and doesn't know what to do or say. "Is...is the baby coming?" He asks.
I stare at him for a few long seconds. "I think it is."
I swear that I arrive at the doctor in a blink of an eye. The man lifted me up and ran to the pack clinic only to be told that they were early contractions so no need to rush.
Colt is still panicking, even four hours in. Besides Colt, Lotus and Poppy are here with me helping me through it all.
Twelve hours in it is excruciating. I don't understand how so many women can have more than one birth, it is the most painful thing I have ever experienced in my life and I haven't given birth yet. These are just the contractions. Thirteen hours now and I am finally there. I am screaming and pushing. I want to curse at everyone here who are giving me mixed signals.
"Push! Breath! Hold it!" Make up your damn mind! I can't do it all at the same time!
Then Colt is holding my hand but he doesn't seem to realize how much strength he is using. You'd think it would be the other way around. I have never seen him so pale before either but he is holding in there.
Lotus and Poppy however are smiling and cheering, looking at my vagina. I just want to punch the smile off of their faces even though all I can do is breathe and scream.
Finally, there is a sudden cry that takes my breath away. It is the most beautiful sound I have ever heard and I start crying. I lift my hands up urging them to give me my baby and they immediately do. He lies naked on my bare chest. The most beautiful thing I have ever seen in my entire life and now I know. Now I know why women are willing togo through this. This feeling right here...I'd do it all over again for him.
The moment he touches my skin he stops crying and opens his green eyes. I touch his tiny little hand and he immediately clings to my finger. Lauren...look at my son. Look at how beautiful he is.
I can almost feel her as if she was next to me. I can see her in my head smiling and telling me how proud she is with James by her side.
Colt wraps his arms around both of us engulfing us in a hug. I have never felt so much love as I do now.
The End.
